London  CNN  -- Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt defended his title as the world 's fastest man Sunday , grabbing gold in the men 's 100-meter race by setting an Olympic record with a time of 9.63 . Bolt , who became a household name with his gold medal win in the 2008 Beijing Games , is the first sprinter since U.S. Olympic legend Carl Lewis to defend an Olympic 100-meter title . He overcame an unimpressive start to blow past the competition . "  My start was n't too good but my coach always said to me I 'm not a good starter , it 's not worth worrying about , " Bolt said after the race . Yohan Blake , also of Jamaica , took the silver medal while Justin Gatlin of the United States won bronze . Both set new personal bests with 9.75 and 9.79 seconds , respectively . Despite his impressive win , Bolt was looking ahead to his next race . Blog : Day 9 action as it happened "  It means one step towards being a legend , so I 'm happy with myself , but it 's only one step , I have the 200 meters to go , " he said . On the woman 's side , Sanya Richards-Ross of the United States won the gold medal in the 400-meter dash . Christine Ohuruogu of Great Britain took the silver and DeeDee Trotter of the United States won bronze . Also on the track , double-amputee sprinter Oscar Pistorius , who runs on special carbon fiber blades and is nicknamed The Blade Runner , failed to make the final in the men 's individual 400-meter race . He came in nearly two seconds behind the leader in his semifinal heat . Pistorius is the first person to compete in the able-bodied Olympics using prosthetic legs , and he will also compete in the Paralympics later this summer . Earlier Sunday , Andy Murray cruised to a gold medal in the men 's singles tennis final , beating Roger Federer in straight sets . Murray conquers Federer for tennis gold Three times prior , Murray had played Federer in an important final , and three times he had failed . In front of an enthusiastic home crowd , Murray flipped the script on the world 's top-ranked player . "  I 've had a lot of tough losses in my career , this is the best way to come back from the Wimbledon final , " he told a BBC interviewer . "  I was a little tired after Wimbledon , but I felt fresh on the court today . " Murray said he had expected a tough match from Federer , who just four weeks ago beat Murray for his seventh Wimbledon title on Centre Court , also the site of the Olympic final . But after winning the first set 6-2 , he broke Federer to take a 2-0 lead . He grew in confidence at that point , he said , and the rout was on . He lost only five more games in the three-set match against the man who has won three of his 17 Grand Slam titles by beating Murray . Just hours after his win , the Brit added to his medal count by taking silver in mixed doubles alongside Laura Robson . The pair narrowly lost to Belarus ' Max Mirnyi and Victoria Azarenka , 2-6 , 6-3 , 10-8 . iReport : What 's your Olympic story ? Also on Sunday , at the North Greenwich Arena where the gymnastics competition is being held , there was a stunning result in the women 's vault . After her first attempt , world champion McKayla Maroney looked like a sure gold medal winner . But her second vault turned into heartbreak as she did something she rarely does . She came up short on her landing and fell . "  I 'm really disappointed with myself , " she said . "  I fell on the second vault , and I do n't think I 've ever even fallen in warmup here at all . It 's a big shock , and it 's really sad . " Maroney , who had nailed her first effort and scored 15.866 , received only a 14.300 on her second . "  I was praying there was still a chance , but I did n't make my vault , ' she said , "  and a gold medal vaulter does n't deserve to fall . " She tried to look on the bright side . "  All I can look forward to is the next competition coming up , and I just have to accept that I have a silver medal and that 's not too bad , " she said . Romania 's Sandra Izbasa won the gold with a two-vault average of 15.191 . In the women 's marathon , Tiki Gelana of Ethiopia won the gold in 2:23.07 . Priscah Jeptoo of Kenya was the silver medalist , and Tatyana Petrova Arkhipova of Russia was third . The race kicked off under a heavy downpour as the runners snaked around wet London streets . "  It was a great race . I really loved it . The rain makes it very interesting , " Gelana said . "  I love running in the rain , I have been doing that since I was a small child . I slipped in the middle of the race , and my elbow is still injured . But I did n't feel any pain during the race . " More : Get latest Olympics results on CNN 's live blog Women 's boxing made its Olympic debut Sunday with a round of 16 matches in each of the three weight divisions . Overall , China leads the gold medal count with 30 and the total medal count with 61 . The United States trails with 28 gold and 60 total . One of China 's golds came Sunday in the men 's badminton singles final when Lin Dan beat Malaysia 's Lee Chong Wei . Lin won the same event in Beijing in 2008 , also over Lee . "  This gold again confirmed my hard work over the years , because I knew to get this again I 'd have to work even harder , " Lin said . "  I had to sacrifice quite a lot after  Beijing  2008 because I want to retain the title . A lot of good athletes want to have this medal . Today it 's a positive for me , for my efforts and for my sacrifice . " CNN 's David Ariosto and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	"  It means one step towards being a legend , " Bolt says of his win Usain Bolt is the first sprinter since Carl Lewis to defend an Olympic 100-meter title Andy Murray routs Roger Federer for tennis gold , redemption U.S. vault champ errs , wins silver
CNN  -- Dani Pedrosa appears set to extend his lead in the MotoGP series standings after clocking the fastest ever time at Montmelo in qualifying for the Catalunya Grand Prix . Pedrosa delighted his home fans by registering a time of one minute 40.893 seconds to claim pole position on a sweltering day near Barcelona . He was more than half-a-second quicker in his Honda than Yamaha teammates Cal Crutchlow and Jorge Lorenzo . "  It 's difficult to do what I did especially when it is so hot , " Pedrosa said . He added later : "  I have broken the record and I am very happy , although the objective was just to be on the front row . I had great feelings and I have gone out with a great lap . " Lorenzo , the reigning world champion and Pedrosa 's fellow Spaniard , made up ground in the standings when he triumphed at Mugello in Italy earlier this month . Pedrosa 's advantage shrunk to 12 points through five races . Despite being overtaken by Lorenzo at the first corner and not able to reclaim the lead , Pedrosa said he was happy with second place in what had been a "  difficult weekend . " His sizzling time Saturday came midway in qualifying , while Lorenzo recorded his fastest time at the end of qualifying like Crutchlow . He earlier had to switch bikes because of a clutch problem . "  We are on the first row , which is the most important thing for tomorrow , " Lorenzo said . "  We have to keep improving , but it will be a completely different race tomorrow . "  It will be very hot and we will run slower than our best lap today . " Rookie Marc Marquez , another Spaniard , endured more disappointment when he finished sixth in his Honda . He slipped to third in the standings after a crash-filled weekend at Mugello . Valentino Rossi headed into Saturday in good spirits after leading the way in Friday 's practice . But the seven-time world champion struggled in qualifying in his Yamaha , ending up more than a second behind Pedrosa in seventh .	Dani Pedrosa takes pole at Catalunya Grand Prix with fastest ever time at Montmelo Pedrosa beat Cal Crutchlow and Jorge Lorenzo by more than half a second in qualifying Seven-time MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi continues to struggle , finishing seventh
North Korea 's government was famously accused in 2002 by U.S. President George W. Bush of helping terrorism and seeking weapons of mass destruction , along with fellow "  axis of evil " countries , Iran and Iraq . Iraq 's leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown after the U.S. invaded in 2003 but the other two countries continued to defy the West by pursuing a nuclear program . So what will happen next after the death of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Il ? How will the death affect military tensions in the region ? After Japan 's defeat in World War II , Korea became a divided nation . The capitalist South was supported by the United States and its Western allies , and the communist North became an ally of the Soviet Union . Cold War tensions erupted in 1950 as the North invaded the South , devastating the peninsula and killing up to two million people before the fighting ended after three years with a truce , followed by an armistice . Technically , the two Koreas remain at war , and while the North is believed to have a standing army of one million soldiers , with reserves estimated at more than seven million , few expect it to launch a general assault on the South . What military hardware does North Korea have ? Over the past six decades , skirmishes have flared repeatedly along land and sea borders . Deadly naval clashes occurred along the demarcation line in 1999 , 2002 , 2009 and 2010 . Washington also accuses Pyongyang of running a secret uranium-based nuclear program . The United States , along with the two Koreas , Russia , Japan and China , have been involved in what is called the Six Party Talks , but those negotiations have been slow and arduous . Following Kim Jong Il 's death , Pyongyang urged an increase in the North 's "  military capability , " prompting Seoul to put South Korean forces on high alert . Martin Navias , from the London-based Centre for Defence Studies , said South Korea raised its alert because it feared Kim Jong Un could be forced to show his toughness with "  saber-rattling " and flex the North 's military muscles . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour said it remained to be seen how talks would be affected . "  The issue here , " she said , "  is whether it will promote more hardline policies from some of the old guard . Whether they will circle the wagons around this young man and whether it will put a stop to the negotiations with the United States or whether they will go through nonetheless . " What , if anything , will change inside the country ? The state structure in North Korea , the police , security and military apparatus , is extremely strong , said Peter Beck , a research fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York . "  The idea of people rising up is hard to imagine , " Beck told CNN . Short-term , Beck said , the Pyongyang regime could hunker down and "  remain stable and inward-oriented , sorting out who is in and who is out . " What is in store for North Korea ? | Life inside the secretive country North Korea 's Stalinist government has survived mostly by closing itself off and defying the rest of the world . The question is , will this strategy continue to work in the years ahead for the third of the Kim dynasty to rule North Korea ? "  The news of the death of Kim Jong Il opens a new chapter in the life of this isolated and repressive regime as it negotiates food aid to stave off starvation for its people and attempts to revive economy amid international concerns over its nuclear ambitions , " said New York-based Vishakha Desai , Asia Society president who visited North Korea six months ago . So will the country 's Stalinist regime endure ? Kim 's death could provide an opportunity for change , or trigger instability and even chaos . His son , the "  Great Successor " Kim Jong Un , now inherits a reclusive , unstable regime confronting political uncertainty , diplomatic isolation , economic malaise and food shortages . North Korea has been dogged by famine since the mid-1990s when it was hit by severe food shortage caused by floods , drought and economic mismanagement . United Nations agencies based in Pyongyang say the North is in desperate need of outside aid to feed its 24 million people . GPS : Can Kim 's son survive ? In recent years , DVDs smuggled in from abroad showing South Korean soap operas have become popular , according to CNN producer Tim Schwarz , who has visited the country . "  The difference today is that North Koreans are no longer under the illusion they are living in paradise on earth . It is vital for the government to improve their economic prospects . But the state still controls people 's lives to an extent almost unimaginable anywhere else . "  What may have an influence is Kim Jong Un 's privileged upbringing . He has had an unobstructed view of the outside world that few in his country can have had . He was educated partly in a Swiss secondary school . His friends were ordinary European teenagers and he is reportedly a fan of NBA basketball . So it would be reasonable to think that this could give him a more modern outlook . "  It is hard to imagine that North Korea in the second decade of the 21st century will remain in the same kind of time warp as it seemed to be from in the last decades of the 20th . But do n't expect Arab Spring-type changes . Even a move to Chinese style market socialism is a long way away . " What is China 's role ? A significant number of North Koreans have fled to China to seek freedom and a better life . In recent years , economic desperation and diplomatic isolation have prompted Kim Jong Il to visit frequently close allies like China . Why does China support North Korea ? Last May , Kim Jong Il visited China again to ask for continued economic and military aid and political support . On this trip Kim went with another urgent mission : to introduce to the Chinese senior leaders his youngest son , Kim Jong Un , as his heir apparent . As North Korea 's major ally , experts say , China 's support for the young Kim was important . China-North Korean ties are so close they are frequently described "  as close as lips and teeth , " and the two neighbors were Korean War allies . Of all the regional powers , Beijing has the greatest potential leverage over Pyongyang . China supplies at least 80 % of North Korea 's oil and significant amounts of food , fertilizer and military aid . The two Communist neighbors have frequent political , military and party-to-party exchanges . Foremost in Beijing 's mind , North Korea serves as a buffer , keeping the U.S. troops stationed in South Korea away from the Chinese border . China has a huge stake in North Korea 's stability , experts believe . Former CNN correspondent , Mike Chinoy , a veteran Korea-watcher who has visited North Korea several times , said : "  The Chinese have made it extremely clear that they are not going to let Korea go down the drain . They are going to do whatever they need to do to prop it up . " And how will Kim Jong Un fare ? Meantime , experts say , all eyes are on the young and untested Kim Jong Un . Why Kim Jong Un remains an enigma Mike Chinoy , a senior fellow at the Los Angeles-based U.S. China Institute , notes the young Kim 's big challenge : "  How does somebody who 's not yet 30 win the loyalty and respect and command authority over the entrenched party apparatus , the entrenched military bureaucracy , and the senior party officials who may have been in their positions for a long time ? " Kim Jong Il had two decades to learn the ropes , develop his network of connections and establish his authority under his father , Kim Il Sung 's tutelage and protection . Even so , Chinoy said , when Kim Il Sung died in 1994 , the young Kim was dogged with speculations : "  Was he going to last ? " By contrast , Kim Jong Un only had two years to ascend last year as a senior party leader and four-star general . The young Kim is expected to rely on powerful backers of close relatives , including Kim 's sister and brother-in-law Jang Song Taek , who experts say will serve as regents , tutoring behind the scene . So despite all the problems that Kim Jong Il left behind , some Korea-watchers do not expect North Korea to implode immediately . After his last visit to Pyongyang last August , Chinoy told CNN : "  I was struck by the notion that succession was on track -- not a lot of internal discord about it . " Nor is any huge policy change expected . "  Kim has not been put into his position by a group of young Turks hoping to change the system , but by an elderly and entrenched elite , " said CNN 's Schwarz . "  Their interests lie firmly in continuing the current power structure . "  So while gradual change over time may be possible , if on a limited scale , the imminent collapse of the regime is unlikely . "	North Korea accused by ex-U.S. President Bush of helping terrorism , seeking WMDs Analysts say effect of Kim Jong Il 's death on talks over nuclear issue unknown North Korea dogged by famine since mid-1990s ; many people flee to China China will prop up its close ally and its new leader Kim Jong Un , analysts say
CNN  -- Derby games can sometimes be dull , with space at a premium and scoring chances few . That was n't the case Saturday when Liverpool and Everton played to a thrilling 3-3 lunchtime draw in the English Premier League . Daniel Sturridge 's goal in the 89th minute salvaged a point for Liverpool , which had taken the lead away from home in the fifth minute . It was the highest scoring Merseyside league derby since Liverpool thrashed Everton 6-0 in 1935 . "  All in all a wonderful game and when you come to your rivals it is important not to lose , " Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers told BT Sport . Liverpool 's dropped points , though , allowed Arsenal to extend its advantage atop the Premier League to four points . The Gunners later defeated Southampton 2-0 . Prior to Sturridge 's conversion from a Steven Gerrard free kick , Romelu Lukaku 's two second-half goals reversed a 2-1 Liverpool lead . Lukaku netted his sixth and seventh league goals since joining Everton on loan from Chelsea . "  That is the best experience I 've ever had in club football , " the Belgian international told BT Sport . "  It 's a pity we did n't win but hopefully we will next time . " Lukaku 's compatriot , Kevin Mirallas , canceled out Philippe Coutinho 's effort to make it 1-1 after eight minutes before Luis Suarez 's free kick put Liverpool back on top . Despite losing influential left-back Leighton Baines to injury and after Liverpool 's Joe Allen missed a sitter , Everton pushed forward in the second half and got its reward through Lukaku strikes in the 72nd and 82nd minutes . Substitute Sturridge , however , had the last word . "  It 's really disappointing we did n't get three points , " Everton manager Roberto Martinez , whose side still rose to fifth , told BT Sport . "  I 'm disappointed to concede from three set plays . "  To concede late on from a dead ball situation does n't reward my team for how they played in the second half . " Southampton could have gone top of the standings but a mistake by goalkeeper Artur Boruc -- one of the Saints ' best players this season -- gifted Olivier Giroud the opening goal in the 22nd minute in London . Giroud , part of France 's squad that this week advanced to the World Cup courtesy of the playoffs , completed his brace from the penalty spot in the 86th minute after defender Jose Fonte tugged at the shirt of Per Mertesacker . Chelsea pulled level with Liverpool on 24 points , dispatching West Ham 3-0 in the late kickoff thanks to a pair of strikes from former Hammer Frank Lampard . Elsewhere , Newcastle beat Norwich 2-1 for a third consecutive victory -- French striker Loic Remy has scored in all three games -- and Stoke City blanked 10-man Sunderland 2-0 . Sunderland defender Wes Brown saw red to the disbelief of Black Cats boss Gus Poyet in the 36th minute . Crystal Palace , which named Tony Pulis as manager earlier Saturday , moved off the bottom and ahead of Sunderland by edging Hull City 1-0 even after having Yannick Bolasie dismissed in the 78th minute . Fulham remained in the relegation zone , downed 2-1 at home by Swansea in Rene Meulensteen 's first game as head coach assisting Cottagers manager Martin Jol . On Sunday Manchester City , perfect at home but struggling on the road , hosts Tottenham and Manchester United visits Cardiff . The Red Devils are coming off a morale boosting 1-0 win over Arsenal two weeks ago .	Everton and Liverpool play to the highest scoring Merseyside derby in about 80 years Substitute Daniel Sturridge 's late goal gives Liverpool a 3-3 draw away from home Arsenal increases its lead in the Premier League to four points after topping Southampton Chelsea joins second-place Liverpool on 24 points after coasting past West Ham
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Comedian Katt Williams was a guest -- not a burglar -- at the Georgia home he is now accused of breaking into with a crowbar , his lawyer told CNN . The house , on a horse farm in rural west Georgia , is owned by record producer Barry Hankerson , according to the police report . Williams has been living in the Coweta County , Georgia , home for nearly a month while filming a movie produced by Hankerson , attorney William Briggs said . Williams , 38 , was arrested early Monday after an employee of Hankerson 's -- Daniel Paul Broach -- called police and reported Williams had broken into the home with a crowbar , the police report said . A Coweta County magistrate set bail at $ 40,000 in a hearing Monday afternoon , which lawyers were working to post , Briggs said . The police report said about $ 3,500 in jewelry and collectable coins were stolen , which his lawyer said "  we absolutely deny . " "  Mr. Williams wears more than that in jewelry on his person , " Briggs said . Briggs said Williams argued with the employee , prompting the burglary report . Hankerson spoke with investigators Monday afternoon to assure them Williams had his permission to stay indefinitely in the home he was accused of burglarizing , Briggs said . Alan Clarke , the Georgia lawyer who presented Williams in court , said Williams ' bond papers were being prepared . "  The community and law enforcement have been very welcoming and kind to him , " Clarke said . "  This is a misunderstanding which will work out quickly . " Williams smiled broadly while posing for a mug shot photo at the Coweta County jail early Monday . Williams began his career as a stand-up comic , gaining attention in 1999 for comedy club appearances . Television appearances on the BET Network led to more success . His 2006 HBO special "  Katt Williams : Pimp Chronicles Pt .1 " raised his profile to a higher level . He has acted in several movies -- including Eddie Murphy 's "  Norbit " -- and he is the voice of popular cartoons -- including "  The Boondocks . " His often raunchy style has drawn comparisons to comedy legend Richard Pryor . His most recent CD release is "  It 's Pimpin ' Pimpin ' , " according to his Web site . Williams ' was hospitalized in South Carolina in November 2008 . His publicist at the time said it was for fatigue following a grueling road tour . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Katt Williams was guest in home of record producer NEW : Williams lawyer : "  We absolutely deny " jewelry , coins stolen Williams was arrested in Coweta County , Georgia , on burglary , trespassing charges Williams is a leading comedian , known for stand-up , occasional movie roles
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Daisy Cuevas suddenly became an international celebrity after touching on a hot topic during Michelle Obama 's visit to her school last week . "  My mom says that Barack Obama is taking away everybody that does n't have papers , " the 7-year-old said to the first lady during her visit to the girl 's school in Maryland . "  Yeah , well that 's something that we have to work on , right ? To make sure that people can be here with the right kind of papers , right ? That 's exactly right , " Obama replied . "  But my mom does n't have any , " Daisy said . The episode transformed Daisy into a symbol of illegal immigration in the United States and prompted Immigration and Customs Enforcement to issue a statement dismissing rumors about an imminent deportation . "  We have not had an encounter with her , she is not in our custody and we have no indications that she is going through removal proceedings , " the statement said . Thousands of miles away , in Peru 's capital , unaware of the incident , was Yuly Cuevas , Daisy 's 9-year-old sister . Yuly lives in Lima with her grandparents Genaro and Natividad since her mom left the country eight years ago in search of a better life . Read about Yuly on CNNMexico Just as her sister is at the school in Maryland , Yuly is also a celebrity among her peers at the Lima school . "  They tell me : There is a girl exactly like you on television , " says Yuly , who is two years older than Daisy but who bears a strong physical resemblance to her sibling . Yuly says it is "  incredible " that her sister spoke with the first lady and she agrees with what she said because "  even though she had n't talked , they would have realized anyway that my mom did not have papers . " Interestingly , her mother studied in the same public school Yuly attends but could not graduate because she became pregnant . When her daughter was 18 months old and she was expecting a second child , the mother made the tough decision to leave her child behind with family in Peru and immigrate to the United States to work as a maid for a Peruvian family . Initially , she had a companion visa to work legally in the country , but after it expired , she stayed in the U.S. , according to her family . Genaro , the girls ' grandfather , makes a living as a cabdriver . "  When the news broke , she -LSB- daughter Natalia -RSB- called me in tears , saying what trouble her daughter had caused her and wondering what she would do if she were deported back to Peru , " Genaro says . He and his wife , Natividad , have mixed feelings ; they fear their daughter will be deported , but they are also proud of the support that Daisy has gathered . Natividad , who sells fruit in her doorstep , recalls that when Daisy visited Lima last year to meet her Peruvian relatives they were impressed about how curious and talkative she was . "  She has been very smart ... That 's why she asked that . Why did she think in that moment to speak about my daughter not having papers ? Maybe because her mommy or daddy have talked about it , " Natividad says . According to the grandparents , Daisy 's parents have decided that if they are deported , they would bring her to Peru , even though she is a U.S. citizen , because they have no one to leave her with in the United States .	Daisy Cuevas makes news when she tells Michelle Obama her mom does n't have papers Daisy 's older sister , Yuly , shares in the limelight at her school in Peru The girls ' mother left Peru eight years ago in search of a better life in the U.S. Girls ' grandparents in Peru fear daughter 's deportation , but they 're proud of Daisy
CNN  -- Indiana 's state government has discovered $ 320 million in funds it did n't know it had , money that officials stumbled across while enacting statewide belt-tightening measures . "  Christmas came early , " Gov. Mitch Daniels said . During a press conference Tuesday , Daniels cited a "  programming omission " and modernized tax collection processes for unearthing the $ 320 million in corporate tax revenue . That money had been accumulating since 2007 , but had n't been accounted for in the state 's operating budget . Instead , this revenue went unnoticed , as the state worked to get its fiscal house in order . The latter effort has included several deep cuts -- including roughly $ 320 million in state funding for K-12 education , according to state Sen. John Broden . "  We 've lost a whole year of educational opportunities for our children because of this misplaced money , " Broden , the ranking Democratic member of the state senate 's appropriations committee , said in a press release earlier this week . In an open letter to a state budget committee , Broden and other Democrats requested "  an independent audit ... to determine how this significant error occurred and how Indiana citizens can be assured that it will not happen again . " Still , Daniels -- a Republican who served as Office of Management and Budget director under President George W. Bush -- has characterized the discovered money as positive , comparing it a successful move in the classic board game Monopoly . "  As far as I 'm concerned , we just drew the community chest card -- collect not $ 200 , but something much more , " said Daniels , who has been governor since 2004 . And Jane Jankowski , a spokeswoman for the governor , said she does not believe the inquiry called for by Broden and others is necessary . "  We know what happened . We know what the problem was and we 're correcting it , " she said Thursday . CNN 's Khara Lewin contributed to this report .	Indiana 's state government finds $ 320 million that it did n't know it had The state cut roughly that amount in K-12 education funding , a Democrat notes Gov. Daniels makes light of the finding , saying , "  Christmas came early " Several Democrats have demanded an "  independent audit " into what happened
The British businessman accused of ordering a hit on his new wife while on honeymoon in South Africa will appear in a Cape Town court on Tuesday . Shrien Dewani was returned to the country Monday by UK officials . He denies murdering Anni Dewani , 28 , in November 2010 in Cape Town . He has avoided extradition for the past three years on mental health grounds , but upon losing his latest appeal , British authorities have agreed to return him to South Africa to stand trial . The extradition request was approved on the proviso that if Dewani was not fit to stand trial in the next 18 months , he will be returned to the United Kingdom . Dewani left from Bristol Airport Monday night , according to a statement issued by London 's Metropolitan Police , and is set to arrive in South Africa on Tuesday morning , local time . He is accompanied by "  representatives from the South African authorities , " and will be taken directly to court to be formally charged when he lands . The court is due to sit at 11:30 am  local time  , a few hours after he lands . Dewani , a millionaire care home owner , is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife during a taxi ride in Cape Town in November 2010 , just over two weeks after their wedding . Taxi driver Zola Tongo confessed within weeks of the bride 's death that he had hired two men to kill her . In a plea deal with South African authorities , he said he was paid by Dewani to carry out the hit and to make it look as though the two were the victims of a carjacking as they were driving through a township on the edge of Cape Town . Tongo was subsequently sentenced to 18 years in prison for his part in the killing . His two accomplices are also serving lengthy sentences for their part in the killing . In their ruling , the judges at the High Court in London said there was some prospect that Dewani could recover sufficiently to be fit to stand trial . He has been apparently suffering from mental health conditions , including depression and post-traumatic stress disorder . Until his extradition , he had been held at Fromeside Hospital , a secure mental health unit in Bristol . Upon arrival in South Africa , he is likely to be transferred to the bleak , prison-like Valkenberg hospital , a high security psychiatric facility in Cape Town . The family of the victim has welcomed the ruling . Speaking at a news conference , her brother , Anish Hindocha said , "  It 's been very difficult . There is no life in our family any more , we struggle very much . With the help of the South African people , with the help of the British people , we are at least trying to cope ... we need justice for Anni "	Murder suspect Shrien Dewani extradited from UK to face trial in South Africa Dewani has resisted extradition for the past three years on the grounds of mental health He is accused of orchestrating his new wife 's death in Cape Town in November 2010 Until he stands trial , Dewani will likely be held in a notorious secure psychiatric facility in the city
CNN  -- Edward Snowden deserves amnesty and the ability to return to the United States without fear of being incarcerated for reporting crimes by people in high places in the U.S. government . Monday 's ruling by U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon that the NSA 's widespread collection of millions of Americans ' telephone records was unconstitutional bolsters this view . But for some , whether to give Snowden amnesty is not an easy matter to reconcile . After all , they say , he broke laws in divulging classified information . Indeed , some say he is a traitor . But just as a member of the U.S. military is not required to follow an unlawful order , it is proper that an employee of the United States intelligence community -- NSA , CIA , DIA and others -- should report any information that concerns law-breaking by the intelligence agencies or their employees . An NSA official 's suggestion that amnesty for Snowden could possibly be put on the table was undoubtedly welcome news for Snowden , yet NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander rejected the suggestion . But how can anyone believe that Snowden would not be deserving of amnesty ? Clearly it is the government and its senior officials who committed the crime -- people who took oaths to defend the Constitution from enemies both foreign and domestic and who failed to take to heart the words they swore to uphold . Indeed , Snowden did not -- nor does any government employee -- swear allegiance to the president of the United States , or even to the secretary of Defense or the director of NSA . No , he swore to uphold and defend the Constitution . Unfortunately , while federal law protects whistleblowers who work in other government sectors from reprisals for truth-telling and have paths for reporting wrongdoing and mismanagement , those who work in intelligence are expressly denied such rights . When Senior Staff Representative Diane Roark and longtime senior NSA employees Bill Binney , Ed Loomis , and I submitted a formal complaint about mismanagement at the agency , the government 's response on July 26 , 2007 , was to send the FBI to raid our homes , searching them for seven hours and seizing our computers , phones and other digital media . We are just now getting our property back after having successfully sued the government in December 2012 . The government even indicted Tom Drake , although it dropped its criminal charges in the case against him . Still , for the five of us , it was the equivalent of a punch in the face and a warning to other would-be "  truth-tellers " not to report wrongful government activities or the government will come after you . Snowden clearly saw what the government does to whistleblowers who try to work within government to fix things that are wrong . He knew that our complaint to the United States Department of Defense inspector general in September 2002 went for naught . Although the report agreed that our complaint was well-founded , nothing happened -- no one was found guilty of wrongful behavior or waste of hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars . Even before writing the complaint , we -- all longtime and senior NSA employees -- along with Diane Roark , a senior staffer on the House Permanent Select Subcommittee on Intelligence , had approached Congress in 2001 about the matter of illegal collection of data about U.S. citizens . No action . Snowden might have known that we were ultimately punished by approaching officials , and even had our security clearances revoked when the FBI raided our homes -- despite the fact that four of the five of us were not indicted and none of us was found guilty of committing a crime . For employees in the business of intelligence , there are no honest brokers , no viable paths to follow to report the subverting of the U.S. Constitution . It is the reason Snowden went first to Hong Kong and ultimately Moscow to seek refuge . He did not go to those places to give away national secrets , rather he needed a place to stay that was safe from extradition and where he could wait while the United States sorted through the facts , especially those regarding government leaders who violated the most basic of our nation 's laws -- the right to privacy . It was shocking to see the interview on MSNBC a few years ago with the former director of NSA , Michael V. Hayden , and hear him redefine the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution . When asked whether NSA had violated the Fourth Amendment , Hayden said it had not . Hayden said "  probable cause " was not the Fourth Amendment 's standard for violating a citizen 's privacy -- it was based on "  reasonable suspicion . " Recognizing that the whole matter of secret presidential orders and extreme interpretations of the Constitution in regard to executive wartime authorities by the U.S. Department of Justice could be the subject of a book by themselves , one thing is clear -- no one asked either the Supreme Court or the people of the United States whether bulk collection of citizens ' phone metadata was constitutional . As we saw on Monday , Judge Richard Leon does not think so . In recent days , Hayden defended the actions of both the Bush and Obama administrations , stating that the NSA collection program was "  blessed " by all three branches of the U.S. government . What Hayden has not said is that neither the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court nor Congress had a good understanding of what was going on . The NSA contends it provided Congress with the opportunity to be briefed on the surveillance , but some members of Congress dispute that . Snowden 's revelations since June have certainly made it clear that no one -- except the NSA -- believes they had the whole truth about the extensiveness of its data collection efforts , whether from the Internet or from the phone system . Perhaps more germane to this discussion whether Snowden should receive amnesty and the matter of who committed the real crime -- Snowden or the government -- is that the legal basis for NSA in defending its actions can be found in a single court case called Smith v Maryland  1979  -- which went to the Supreme Court at a time when there was hardly an internet and nobody even dreamed there would be cell phones , social network sites or Twitter . In this case , touted by the government as legitimizing the bulk collection of metadata under Section 215 of the Patriot Act , the police inserted a recording device at the telephone company to record the metadata -- phone number originating the call , time of call , number called and duration of conversation -- associated with a man suspected of robbing a lady . The alleged thief challenged the constitutionality of the police recording the metadata associated with the phone call , but the Supreme Court backed the lower court 's decision that doing so under the circumstances was constitutional . Now , one might ask how does the Supreme Court 's approval of the collection of metadata associated with a single phone call made by a suspected thief end up authorizing the bulk collection of phone metadata of hundreds of millions of American citizens by the most powerful spy agency in the world ? We all know that the field of law has its quirks , but it 's clear such an interpretation of law does not constitute justice , let alone make sense . With those facts as background , I think most Americans would agree that Edward Snowden deserves amnesty . In fact , it is those who allowed these programs to be implemented and developed over the past 12 years who should be prosecuted . After all , do we not stand for "  equal justice for all " ? The opinions in this commentary are solely those of J. Kirk Wiebe .	Kirk Wiebe : Edward Snowden is entitled to amnesty in the U.S. without fear of incarceration Wiebe : Snowden reported surveillance of Americans that violated the Constitution Wiebe , an NSA whistleblower , says federal employees swear to uphold Constitution Wiebe : People who designed , implemented the surveillance also deserve a fair trial
Washington  CNN  -- Well , that turned ugly fast . A move that the White House hoped might herald a happy welcome home for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , a soldier held captive for five years by the Taliban in Afghanistan , quickly turned into a nasty and largely partisan fight when he was exchanged for five militants being held in Guantanamo Bay . A political tsunami ensued with allegations from both sides of the aisle of politicizing national security , questions about whether Bergdahl is a deserter and criticism of his family . "  I 'm never surprised by controversies that are whipped up in Washington . That 's par for the course , " President Barack Obama said Thursday during a news conference at a meeting of G7 leaders in Brussels . Surprising ? Perhaps not . But the force of the vitriol , backlash and backpedaling is an example of how sensitive issues can quickly turn volatile in a hyper-partisan Washington climate , political analysts said . "  When , all of a sudden , you 've got Republican congressman who previously were calling for this , criticizing the administration for leaving this man in captivity for five years , or praising his release , and then deleting those Tweets ? That really belies the politics . That exposes the naked , ugly politics behind this controversy , " said John Avalon , a CNN political analyst . Politics , raw and unpleasant , is what defines Washington now , political analysts said . "  It 's to be expected because it 's a potent mix of partisan environment where the rhetoric is very heated , " said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . "  Combine that with a very controversial decision . Put those things together and you expect this kind of thing to happen . " However , it 's important to wade through the rhetoric and get to the issues at the core , said David Rothkopf , editor of Foreign Policy magazine . Behind the "  the arm-waving and typical Capitol Hill vs. White House gamesmanship , " there are pertinent questions about why the administration did n't tell Congress about the prisoner swap plan , if such a trade was a good one and whether the White House should have struck a more solemn tone about Bergdahl 's release when there were questions about desertion , Rothkopf said . "  The Bergdahl situation has produced exactly the same kind of whirlwind of invective and overheated , highly politicized commentary that just about everything else does in Washington , " Rothkopf said . "  The trick in this case , as in all others , is to somehow discount all that and get to the underlying truth . Real issues regularly get obscured by all the invective and defensive spin . " And everyone involved is in heavy "  defensive " spin mode . Who was swapped for Bergdahl ? I was for it before I was against it Former Vietnam prisoner of war and 2008 GOP presidential nominee Sen. John McCain , criticized the trade of Bergdahl for the Taliban commanders quickly . "  This decision to bring Sergeant Bergdahl home , and we applaud that he 's home -- it 's ill-founded , it 's a mistake and it 's putting lives of American servicemen and women at risk , " the Arizona Republican told reporters . However , in February , McCain seemed in an interview with CNN to back a swap . "  Obviously , I 'd have to know the details , but I would support ways of bringing him home and if  an  exchange was one of them , I think that would be something I think we should seriously consider , " he said at the time . McCain has said his message has been consistent . Then there are lawmakers who deleted their initial "  welcome home " Tweets to Bergdahl as the controversy over his release spiraled into ugliness . Democrats , including the President , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , said Bergdahl is being used as a political football . "  If Barack Obama cured cancer , Republicans would attack him for putting oncologists out of work , " Democratic strategist Paul Begala told CNN . But even some Democrats , such as Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein , criticized the administration 's end run around Congress in securing Bergdahl 's release but defended the decision . Confusing messages from the White House The White House story on when and how top leaders on Capitol Hill were informed about the release has added to the confusion , political analysts said . The initial Rose Garden announcement was quickly followed by apologies to such top Democrats as Feinstein for being kept out of the loop . Then came more explanation about the critical timing of Bergdahl 's release , which the administration has said was tied to his declining health and the pending withdrawal of U.S. combat troops from Afghanistan . Hillary Clinton wanted tougher deal for Bergdahl Meanwhile , the criticism outside of Washington has grown louder and less polite . A group of soldiers from Bergdahl 's unit in Afghanistan accused him of desertion . Their claims -- not confirmed by the Pentagon , which is investigating -- responded to how Bergdahl was lauded by the White House as a hero when there were questions about his disappearance . Those soldiers said several troops were killed in efforts to find him , another claim the military has not confirmed . Republican strategist , Richard Grenell , who BuzzFeed reported helped get the soldiers ' side of the story out to such media outlets as the New York Times , worked on former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney 's 2012 presidential campaign . Grenell declined to comment on his efforts to CNN . In the meantime , the rancor has even begun to impact Bergdahl 's family and community . Fox News Channel host Bill O'Reilly said Bergdahl 's father , who wears a long beard , "  looks like a Muslim , " and their hometown of Hailey , Idaho , called off a welcome home rally after fears of backlash over the controversial nature of the soldier 's release . "  Emotions are running very high on this case , " said CNN senior political analyst David Gergen . "  Among the military personnel and veterans , my sense is it has less to do with the trade for the five militants than the celebratory qualities that the administration initially displayed toward Bergdahl . The message they got was this was a hero coming home . And that totally misreads the military mentality on this issue . " Celebrated at first , Bergdahl 's release raises questions How big a terror risk are former Guantanamo prisoners ? Bergdahl ` life ' video shown , Senators still skeptical CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Rhetoric over Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's release has turned rancorous Partisan fight over the controversial deal is another example of Washington infighting Supporters and opponents of the prisoner swap have both been inconsistent on the issue The narrative of Bergdahl 's release is an especially thorny issue for members of the military
CNN  -- Minnesota Vikings quarterback Brett Favre was fined $ 50,000 Wednesday by the National Football League for failing to cooperate with an internal investigation into whether he sent sexually explicit texts to a New York Jets hostess . But NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , citing a lack of evidence , "  could not conclude that Favre violated league policies relating to workplace conduct , " the league said in a statement . The NFL was unable to establish whether Favre sent objectionable messages to New York Jets game-day hostess Jenn Sterger in 2008 , when he played quarterback for the Jets . He joined the Vikings in 2009 . The league also found no evidence to contradict assertions by Favre and Sterger that they never even met in person . But Goodell determined that "  Favre was not candid in several respects during the investigation , resulting in a longer review and additional negative public attention for Favre , Sterger , and the NFL , " the league said . The NFL had expanded its investigation to look into a second media report alleging further misconduct by Favre with other women who worked at the Jets ' facility during the 2008 season . "  Misconduct by Favre regarding that claim was unable to be substantiated because individuals with potentially relevant information declined to be interviewed or otherwise cooperate with the investigation , " the league said . Goodell has told Favre that if the investigation found a violation of the league 's workplace conduct policies , the commissioner would have imposed a "  substantially " bigger penalty . The league said it does n't judge private conduct or personal relationships except where that conduct or those relationships raise issues under the law or league policies . In the allegations involving Sterger , the NFL reviewed public reports , its interviews with several individuals including Sterger and Favre , communications between the two and an independent forensic analysis of electronically-stored material . "  The investigation was limited in several respects because the conduct occurred in 2008 but was not brought to our attention until this fall . As a result , certain records and individuals were unavailable to the NFL , " the NFL said in a statement . The overall investigation took longer than expected because the league had trouble arranging interviews with key individuals and a lot of time was needed to gather stored electronic records , the league said . Goodell also decided to meet personally with Favre and Sterger , which added more time to the inquiry , the league said . There was no evidence to suggest that Sterger engaged in any inappropriate conduct , according to the statement . Goodell used the occasion Wednesday to remind all NFL teams about improper or unlawful conduct in the workplace . "  Every member of every club 's staff should be able to work in an environment free of harassment or hostility , and one in which every employee is valued , respected , and given a full opportunity to contribute to the goals of the club and the NFL , " Goodell said in the league statement . "  Our new training program on workplace conduct will help all of us to promote the right kind of environment for all employees and I intend to dedicate the fine I have imposed on Favre to help fund that training program . " CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The Vikings quarterback was accused of sending sexually explicit texts to a Jets hostess Favre did n't cooperate with a NFL inquiry into the alleged misconduct , the league says The NFL says it is unable to determine whether he violated workplace rules
CNN  -- As the swine flu outbreak escalates across the globe , U.S. travelers returning from Mexico are wondering what to do when they come home . Travelers leaving a Mexican airport fill out questionnaires about their health . On Wednesday , Christine Kovar of San Francisco , California , returned from a vacation to Nuevo Vallarta , Mexico . She said she was n't sure whether she should attend work or stay home . "  I feel fine , " said Kovar . "  It will be the discretion of my boss whether I go back to work . " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia , is advising U.S. travelers back from Mexico with at least two of the swine flu symptoms to stay at home and avoid public places upon return . Symptoms of swine flu , also known as 2009 N1H1 , can include a fever , sore throat , cough , chills , headaches and runny nose . People with symptoms should report to a health care provider or local health department and provide itinerary details and symptoms , according to the CDC . If infected , the swine flu is contagious for up to seven days . People who are n't sick should continue to work and use normal precautions like washing hands , according to the CDC . They should monitor their health for seven days . "  As long as they are n't presenting any flu-like symptoms , there is no reason why they ca n't continue to do things that they normally would , " said Llelwyn Grant , a spokesman for the CDC . Meanwhile , the death toll from swine flu continues to climb . On Thursday , the World Health Organization reported 236 cases of swine flu worldwide . In the United States , the CDC said it confirmed 109 cases of swine flu , or 2009 H1N1 , in 11 states , an increase of 18 from its previous total . On Wednesday , the WHO raised the pandemic threat level to 5 on a six-step scale These numbers are causing alarm among the public , as schools and businesses try to contain the disease and protect the health of others . Some companies are erring on the side of safety , telling employees who returned from Mexico to stay at home for a few days . One university in Pennsylvania barred nearly two dozen students back from Mexico from attending graduation . More than 100 schools across the country have shut down . Greenville County School District in South Carolina shut down on Thursday to clean the buildings and busses when 18 students reported flu-like symptoms after a band trip to Disney World in Florida . School officials are awaiting the test results of the children . "  We are being proactive and trying to take -LSB- the -RSB- right precautions , " said Oby Lyles , spokesman for the Greenville County School District . Several state health departments such as the New York , where there are 50 confirmed cases , and Kansas , where there are two confirmed cases , said they have n't made state-level advisories yet on whether travelers from Mexico who feel healthy should attend work or not . If travelers are feeling sick , the state departments said travelers should follow CDC guidelines and stay at home . "  If you are n't sick , make sure you are practicing the common sense precautions , " said a spokesman at the New York State Department of Health . "  Wash your hands . Cover your mouth when you sneeze . " In addition to advising ill U.S. travelers returning from Mexico to stay confined , government officials are turning to the travel industry for help , particularly air travel . The CDC is advising airline crew members who have arrived from domestic and international areas affected by the swine flu to be on the lookout for ill passengers . Airlines have been advised to stock the planes with gloves and face masks in case of an emergency . The CDC said airline crew members need to ask passengers who appear sick to be quarantined at one of the CDC 's 20 locations across the country . It 's been smooth sailing at U.S. airports , several passengers say . There have been no nationwide questionnaires being issued at the airports , according to a spokeswoman at U.S. Customs and Border Protection yet . In contrast , at some Mexican airports , travelers are asked to fill out forms asking about his or her health , passengers interviewed say . Still , travelers will find warnings about swine flu all over the airport . At O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , Illinois , travel warnings about the flu are being distributed . Signs informing passengers about swine flu , particularly in the international terminal , are posted . As of Friday , the CDC was recommending U.S. travelers avoid all nonessential travel to Mexico .	Travelers with flu-like symptoms coming back from Mexico should stay at home Healthy travelers coming from Mexico can continue to go to work and school There are more than 230 confirmed cases of swine flu worldwide , according to WHO Companies and schools are erring on the side of safety asking people not to come
CNN  -- Rep. Darrell Issa must be ruing his bad luck . The hearing he carefully orchestrated to pick at the scab of Benghazi was stepped on by the verdict in the Jodi Arias murder trial and by the story of three women held captive and brutalized for a decade in Cleveland . He was out-sensationalized and out-tawdried this week despite his own best efforts and those of his committee colleagues and staff members . That is not to say that the tragic events that unfolded last year in Benghazi are not worthy of serious investigation . They just did n't get them from Issa 's committee . As Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in her passionate testimony in December , we need to know what went wrong to prevent future tragedies . That 's why she began an investigation immediately after the attacks . But Issa and his co-inquisitors were more interested in the arithmetic of 2016 presidential politics than with the events of last September 11 in Libya . The testimony of Gregory Hicks , the former Libya deputy chief of mission , was striking and at times moving , and offered useful additional perspectives . He said he had suffered negative repercussions because he challenged the State Department line on what happened in Benghazi . But even while some of what he said was new and resonant , the Republicans on the committee were n't listening . They focused less on learning what could have been done differently than on trying to establish that Clinton and her closest associates had tried to cover up the tragedy . John King : Benghazi investigation both legitimate and partisan On this point , very little was revealed that was either material or new . Hicks said a Clinton aide had been angry at him over how he conducted himself with investigators after the incident . He disputed the way the attack and its origins were depicted by senior officials on television . He deplored the losses that took place . But to say that any of this points at a cover-up "  has all the elements of Pulitzer Prize-class fiction attached to it , " as former Ambassador Thomas Pickering , co-chairman of the committee that first investigated the attacks suggested . That Clinton 's team might want to have a clear sense of how what was clearly a politically motivated congressional investigation was being conducted seems only logical and responsible . That the origins of the attack were framed as related to an inflammatory amateur video that appeared on the Internet has long ago been established as wrong and misguided . That the losses were terrible and that U.S. diplomatic outposts in dangerous places need more security is absolutely true , and if they really cared about such things , Issa and his team would devote more of their attention to reaching consensus on how to find the funding needed to ensure that security is available Nothing spoken of in the hearing suggested a cover-up by a Cabinet secretary , who instantly took personal responsibility for the attacks and swiftly appointed an independent commission led by two of the most distinguished , nonpartisan career civil servants in recent American history to investigate them . To say otherwise is more than a reach . It 's an effort by the Republican Party to damage the person most likely to be the next Democratic presidential candidate . In the calculus of Washington today , Clinton is a bigger and more valuable target even than her former boss , the president . Having said that , it is almost certainly the case that the reason the initial focus in these hearings was not on the White House or elsewhere in the executive branch was that there was no evidence of a cover-up or of a politically spinning of the post-Benghazi message there either . Indeed , even Republican Sen. Bob Corker said that having reviewed all the evidence he felt there was nothing new to be revealed by these latest hearings . No , this is just the latest example of the fine Washington art of promoting an enduring scandal out of not very much , demonstrating the ability of microphones in congressional hearings to turn scattered inconclusive facts and emotion into innuendo and blips in opinion polls . That the process also debases and , perversely , distracts from the very serious issues associated with protecting our diplomats and our interests overseas is hardly important , it seems , to the political attack dogs whose appetites are so insatiable that any nutrition-free scrap of half-truth looks like a meal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Benghazi hearing upstaged by Jodi Arias verdict , Cleveland story He says Benghazi worth investigating , but committee 's aim was to undermine Clinton He says little new revealed in hearing and no evidence of cover-up shown Rothkopf : Hearings an attempt to turn innuendo into blips on opinion polls for 2016 race
CNN  -- Evidence is mounting that it is possible to control the virus that causes AIDS with early treatment , so further therapy is not immediately needed . A recent study in the journal PLOS Pathogens reports that 14 patients with HIV , who received antiretroviral treatment within 10 weeks of infection , had their viral loads decreased so much that scientists say they are "  functionally cured . " "  The amazing thing is that it seems that by early treatment , we can induce this type of control of infection in 10-15 % of individuals , " says lead study author Asier Saez-Cirion of the Institute Pasteur in Paris . The usual definition of a "  cure " is that someone who was once infected has no virus left in his or her body . But in situations like this one , it can be said that there is "  sustained remission that does n't require therapy , " says Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institutes of Health 's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . That 's what scientists call a "  functional cure . " "  You have n't eradicated the virus , but interestingly , when you stop therapy , even though the virus is still there and you can measure it , it does n't come back with a vengeance and cause disease in the person , " he says . These 14 were identified out of 70 people with HIV whose treatment had been interrupted . The virus in these patients is not completely eradicated , even though they have been off therapy for up to about 10 years . There is still a possibility that disease will return in these patients , but the chances are low , Fauci says , and being able to live many years without therapy is "  a pretty good bonus " of early treatment . Normally , after a person gets infected with HIV and years pass , the virus establishes a reservoir in the long-lived T-cells called lymphocytes , Fauci explains . "  Those latent cells are kind of like embers of a fire , and when we take our treatment away , those latent embers reignite the infection and a fire breaks out , " says Dr. Michael Saag , professor at the University of Alabama at Birmingham , who was not involved in the study . But when a person with HIV receives aggressive treatment soon after infection , according to the hypothesis put forth by the study , the virus forms a reservoir in the shorter-lived lymphocytes . When therapy was stopped , according to this theory , the viral reservoir was extremely low . Cases of HIV are most often not treated immediately after infection , Fauci says . People commonly find out they have HIV because they feel poorly or happen to take an HIV test ; in these situations , the infection may have been in the body for several years already . Where everyone wants to work with HIV The new study 's conclusion "  is even greater fortification for the concept of really seeking out people and identify  ing  them very very soon after they get infected , and treating them aggressively , " Fauci says . That means screening people in high-risk communities . It 's important to understand the distinction between controlling the virus in the new study and so-called "  elite controllers , " people who , because of their genetic makeup , are able to control HIV naturally . Fewer than 1 % of people with HIV have this immune response . Saez-Cirion 's study demonstrates a significantly greater probability of control when therapy is administered early . Saez-Cirion and colleagues are following up in a clinical trial that looks at 90 HIV patients who were treated early . The study also gives extra hope that a vaccine could work , Saag said , as it suggests that priming the immune system can induce a response that controls the virus . "  If it can be induced in a large number of people , then I would guess that that immune response could well be protective against an infectious challenge , " Saag said . This new study adds to another development in the HIV research arena . Earlier this month , a baby in Mississippi who was born with HIV was also shown to be "  functionally cured . " She received high doses of three antiretroviral drugs within 30 hours of her birth . There is no evidence , two years later , that HIV is present in her blood . This probably does represent a "  cure , " more so than in the 14 patients in French study , but the treatment was delivered much faster than it would be in adults , Saag says . The baby 's case could change the practice for how high-risk babies are treated , says Fauci . Usually , babies born to mothers with uncontrolled infections , or whose HIV is diagnosed close to delivery time , receive antiviral drugs at preventative doses for six weeks , and then HIV therapy if the virus is detected . Prevention can mean no babies with HIV In the case of this baby , a more aggressive treatment showcases a potential for a cure with antiretroviral therapy given early , researchers say . But the news about the baby is n't a total game-changer for the developed world . Usually , mothers with HIV get treatment so that the infection is not transmitted to their baby in the first place ; for the United States , the situation is a "  fluke , " Fauci said . But untreated mothers give birth all the time in Sub-Saharan Africa , for example , making the baby 's case more relevant to the developing world . CNN 's Saundra Young contributed to this report .	14 patients treated early do n't need HIV therapy anymore It 's possible the disease will return , but chances are low The study shows the importance of early screening and treatment The results give researchers more hope that a vaccine is possible
New York  CNN  -- Police and FBI agents finished searching 18 "  spots of interest " in Long Island , New York on Thursday without uncovering additional evidence in their investigation of a possible serial killer . "  We did n't uncover anything that was noteworthy , " said Nassau County Police spokesperson Kevin Smith . "  Most of it was debris . " Their efforts are part of a probe into suspected serial killings that have turned up at least eight bodies -- four of them identified as prostitutes -- since December 2010 . New York State troopers alongside some 30 police officers from Long Island 's Nassau and Suffolk counties hacked their way through the area 's thick brush and bramble , using guidance from a helicopter overhead and , in some cases , using chainsaws to cut through the thick foliage . Aviation teams that flew over parts of Long Island had "  identified a significant number of items that are n't natural for the area , " said Nassau County Acting Police Commissioner Thomas Krumpter . But as of Thursday , authorities had not uncovered any further human remains . Earlier this week , police discovered skeletal remains -- including a human skull -- prompting the widening search . Police have not said whether they are from different people , or if they could have come from the eight victims found previously . Airplanes and helicopters with high-resolution technology are being used in the search effort , Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer explained Wednesday . " Police also are using canine search units to scour the beaches and diver teams to search the waterways on the north side of the barrier island . But they have met obstacles . "  Canine teams have been of limited assistance , " said Detective Vincent Garcia . "  The problem with this brush is it 's so thick dogs wo n't even go in . " Meanwhile , medical examiner investigators are trying to determine the age and sex of the victims from the remains , and how long they were at the locations before they were discovered . "  We 're going back to some of the unidentified people in our system to try to see if we can identify them so we can notify loved ones if we have their remains , " said Ellen Borakove , a spokeswoman for the New York City medical examiner 's office . "  Hopefully we 're going to get some IDs and we 'll find out who these people are , and then the families will know , " she added . The remains found Monday in a Nassau County wildlife preserve were wrapped in a "  black plastic product " similar to a plastic bag , a law enforcement source said Wednesday . The remains "  appeared to be part of a lower extremity , " the source said . But police say the remains are not connected to the bodies of four prostitutes found near Atlantic City , New Jersey , in 2006 . "  The indications we have right now is that there 's no connection between the Atlantic City case and the Suffolk County case , " Dormer said . "  There are other items connected with the two cases " that would indicate the same killer was not involved in the slayings , he said . Dormer did not provide additional details , but said Suffolk County police officers have been in contact with their Atlantic City counterparts since the early stages of the Long Island investigation . Federal agents first joined police in the investigation in December after the first four bodies were found . That discovery on a quarter-mile stretch of Oak Beach indicates that "  they were dumped there by the same person or persons , " Dormer told reporters at the time . "  It 's too coincidental that there were four bodies in the same location . " They were all found stuffed in bushes along an isolated strip of waterfront property . The grisly find occurred as police searched for Shannan Gilbert , 24 , who was last seen alive in May 2010 in the Gilgo Beach area . Gilbert 's sisters said Shannan was an escort who was visiting a client . They said she ran from the man 's house and called 911 , claiming that someone was trying to hurt her . A man who lives a few miles from where the remains were found told CNN that a young woman who "  looked like she was partying all night " came to his door at about 5 a.m. on May 1 . "  She was screaming ` Help me , help me ! ' and said somebody was chasing her , " said Gustav Coletti , who lives in the town of Oak Beach . He described the woman as a "  young , light-brown-haired person in her early 20s . " Coletti said he called 911 after opening his front door to the woman , but she fled , eventually hiding under his boat , which was elevated and parked on his lawn . Moments later , Coletti said , an "  Asian-looking man " man driving a dark-colored sport utility vehicle pulled up alongside his home . "  Things got out of hand at a party and I 'm just looking for her , " Coletti quoted the man as saying . When Coletti told the man that he had called police , the man said he "  should n't have done that . " The woman then fled toward the beach and the driver pursued her , Coletti said . But he told CNN it took police more than four months to question him about the incident , an allegation that police deny . Coletti later told CNN that he believes the woman he saw that night was Gilbert . CNN can not independently verify that claim . "  I have no idea when the detective spoke to whomever you are talking about , " Dormer told CNN . "  If you want to see somebody after this press conference we 'll certainly follow up on that . " Police later clarified that they spoke with Coletti on May 1 after he made the 911 call and several times since . Pressed for the dates of the police department 's conversations with Coletti and the length of time between them , they revealed that they obtained a statement from Coletti in June but provided no further specifics . "  They never got a statement from me in June , " Coletti told CNN . Gilbert 's body has not been among the remains identified . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	NEW : Authorities finished searching 18 "  spots of interest " in Long Island , New York on Thursday NEW : Their search did not uncover additional evidence in their investigation of a possible serial killer A helicopter has been hovering over the Tobay Beach area since morning The remains are not linked to the bodies of four prostitutes found near Atlantic City in 2006
CNN  -- One of the prosecution 's final witnesses , Casey Anthony 's mother took the stand again Tuesday in her daughter 's capital murder trial , breaking into tears from time to time as she discussed items found with the remains of her 2-year-old granddaughter , Caylee . The prosecution plans to rest its case Wednesday , prosecutor Jeff Ashton told Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. . The defense was unable to move its first few witnesses , Perry said , and will begin its case Thursday . Cindy Anthony began crying when a photograph of Caylee wearing a shirt reading "  Big trouble comes in small packages " was introduced into evidence . Previous testimony has suggested that scraps of the shirt were found at the scene along with Caylee 's skeletal remains . Cindy Anthony said she did most of the laundry at the home , and "  I do n't ever remember seeing that shirt . " She also identified photographs of objects similar to canvas laundry bags she said were in the Anthony home and said that Caylee had a Winnie the Pooh blanket but that she had not seen the blanket since the end of May , before Caylee disappeared . A canvas laundry bag and Winnie the Pooh blanket were found with the little girl 's remains . Cindy Anthony 's testimony followed that of a long line of investigators and forensic experts , called to the stand in the Orlando courtroom in an effort to support prosecutors ' theory that Casey Anthony , 25 , killed her daughter by knocking her out with chloroform and putting duct tape over her nose and mouth . They allege she then put the little girl 's body in black garbage bags and stored it in her trunk before dumping it in woods near her home . Caylee 's skeletal remains were found in December 11 , 2008 . She was last seen June 16 , 2008 , but her disappearance was not reported until July 15 , 2008 , after Cindy Anthony demanded answers from her daughter about Caylee 's whereabouts . Anthony faces seven counts in Caylee 's death , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading investigators . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . She has pleaded not guilty . Her attorneys have said Caylee was not killed but rather drowned in the family pool on June 16 . Defense attorney Jose Baez told jurors that Casey Anthony and her father , George Anthony , panicked when they discovered the body and covered up her death . George Anthony rejected that scenario in his testimony the first week of the trial . Cindy Anthony testified Tuesday that duct tape was also in the home , stored in the garage , but she could not recall making a previous statement that duct tape was used at a command center after Caylee went missing . Baez pointed out that in a July 2009 deposition , Cindy Anthony was asked whether Casey Anthony had removed any duct tape from the home while out of jail on bond and said she did n't think so , as the family had only one roll and her husband was using it . Cindy Anthony explained that at the time , both she and her husband were using the tape on "  no trespassing " signs on their property because of protesters outside . The final witness of the day was Bobby Williams , a tattoo artist who applied a tattoo to Casey Anthony -- "  Bella Vita , " Italian for "  beautiful life " -- on July 2 , during the time Caylee was missing but before her disappearance was reported to police . Williams testified that Anthony did not appear to be upset and did not mention Caylee . He said he spoke to her again July 15 , when she came into the shop to make an appointment for herself and a friend for July 19 . She mentioned at the time that Caylee was with the nanny but would be with her July 19 , Williams said . A host of witnesses including Anthony 's former boyfriend , friends and acquaintances have testified that Anthony was not upset and did not mention her missing daughter in the 31 days before police were notified the little girl had disappeared . Anthony told authorities afterward that she had been frantically searching for her daughter during that month . After Williams ' testimony , Anthony 's defense team moved for a mistrial on several grounds , including the fact that prosecutors asked Williams whether she seemed remorseful , although Perry did not allow Williams to answer . Prosecutor Jeff Ashton countered that the question came in response to Baez 's asking Williams whether customers do not often get tattoos to remember departed loved ones . Perry denied the mistrial motion . Defense attorneys said they will move for acquittal when the prosecution rests . Earlier Tuesday , FBI forensic examiner Catherine Theisen said that neither Anthony nor Caylee could be excluded as the source of a hair found in Anthony 's trunk . Theisen said she subjected a portion of the hair to mitochondrial DNA testing . Such testing is used , she told jurors , when a specimen such as hair or skeletal remains may not contain enough nuclear DNA for testing . Nuclear DNA , she said , is inherited from both parents and can identify a person to the exclusion of all others . Mitochondrial DNA is inherited from a person 's mother , and testing shows whether a person can not be excluded as the source of evidence -- along with their mother , their siblings and anyone else in the maternal family line . Theisen said she compared the hair portion to cheek swabs from Anthony and found that they matched . She said she would not expect to see that DNA type in more than .26 % of the African-American population , 1.85 % of the Caucasian population and .39 % of the Hispanic population . She also acknowledged that the testing could not exclude Anthony 's mother , Cindy Anthony ; her brother , Lee Anthony ; or any maternal uncles as the source of the hair . Theisen also testified Tuesday that she tested the "  hair mass " found with Caylee 's remains and found that it shared the same mitochondrial DNA type as the hair in the trunk . On cross-examination , Baez attempted to question Theisen , over numerous objections from prosecutors , about whether she was aware that Lee Anthony owned the car before his sister . Theisen said she did not recall seeing the name Lee Anthony in the communications she was given about the case . Cindy Anthony also took the stand Tuesday and told prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick that she has bleached her hair blonde for years . She said that Casey Anthony has also highlighted her hair off and on and that Lee Anthony has always kept his hair short . She said Caylee 's hair was never colored or processed . FBI trace evidence examiner Karen Lowe previously testified that a 9-inch piece of hair from the trunk appeared similar to a piece of hair recovered from the little girl 's hairbrush and was not similar to Casey Anthony 's hair . Cindy Anthony said that it was possible her mother had been in the car and that her hair , a mixture of blonde , brown , white and gray , has been shoulder-length for years . Following Theisen to the stand Tuesday was Alina Burroughs , an Orange County Sheriff 's Office crime scene examiner who helped process the scene where Caylee 's remains were found and helped execute a search warrant at the Anthony home . Burroughs identified photographs of several sheets of heart-shaped stickers found at the home , as well as the sheets themselves , with some stickers missing . On Monday , an FBI latent print examiner testified that adhesive in the shape of a heart was found on a corner of a piece of duct tape that was covering the mouth portion of Caylee 's remains . Elizabeth Fontaine explained the find to jurors by asking them to think about when they remove an adhesive bandage from their skin and some of the adhesive remains in the shape of the bandage . Instead of a bandage , however , the outline was the shape of a heart , she said , and about the size of a dime . A sticker was also found at the site where Caylee 's remains were discovered on a small piece of cardboard . An FBI analysis showed that sticker did not match those found at the Anthony home . Asked by Baez whether she found a sticker like that in the home , Burroughs said she did not . Jurors sent a note to Perry on Tuesday asking to see the photograph of the sticker recovered from the crime scene . Perry granted that request but made clear to jurors that the sticker has since separated from the cardboard . Fontaine said Monday that she found the heart-shaped adhesive while examining the three pieces of duct tape found on Caylee 's remains for fingerprints . She said she did n't find fingerprints but did n't expect to , given the months the tape and the remains had been outdoors and exposed to the elements . Any oil or sweat from a person 's fingertips would have long since deteriorated , she said . Perry told jurors Monday testimony in the case could conclude by the end of next week , although he can not say for sure . Deliberations could begin by June 25 , he said . Roy Kronk , the meter reader who discovered Caylee 's remains , has been subpoenaed by the defense , his attorney , David Evans , said Tuesday . He was not given a date to appear in court , Evans said . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas and Michael Christian contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : The defense will begin its case Thursday Cindy Anthony breaks into tears at several points Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , in 2008
CNN  -- At least four former Marlboro Men , those rugged actors of the famous ad campaign , have died of smoking-related disease . The latest was Eric Lawson , who had chronic obstructive pulmonary disease caused by a three-pack-a-day habit . Lawson , the face of what became the best-selling brand of cigarettes , was felled by the lethal products he helped promote . Years ago , he became a forceful voice for tobacco control , advising children not to smoke and working with organizations including the American Cancer Society to warn the public about the hazards of tobacco . Lawson died a week before the release of a new Surgeon General 's report showing that , despite decades of progress in reducing smoking rates and holding the tobacco industry responsible for its lies and deception , a tobacco epidemic still exists . About 44 million Americans still smoke , and one-third of all cancer deaths are caused by tobacco use . The report found that a staggering 6 million children alive today will die prematurely from tobacco use . It also found the list of harmful side effects and diseases tied to smoking is growing , including diabetes , erectile dysfunction and rheumatoid arthritis . Fifty years ago this month , the first Surgeon General 's Report on Smoking and Health proved that smoking causes lung cancer and heart disease . Former Surgeon General Luther Terry 's landmark report launched a major transformation in the way people think about smoking and sparked a public health movement that has led to remarkable progress in the fight against tobacco use and the devastating death and disease that it causes . When the first report was issued in 1964 , the smoking rate in America was 42 % . That figure has been cut by more than half , to 18 % today , thanks in large part to proven tobacco control policies that discourage children and adults from smoking and protect nonsmokers from cigarette smoke . Fifty years ago , passengers could smoke on commercial airplane flights , at work and in movie theaters . There were virtually no smoke-free restaurants . Today , smoking is prohibited on airplanes and in many airports , and nearly half the country 's population is protected by smoke-free laws that cover all workplaces , including restaurants and bars . In 1964 , a pack of cigarettes could cost as little as 28 cents . The average price today is roughly $ 6.03 , an increase fueled in part by efforts to raise tobacco taxes as a proven way to discourage people from starting the deadly habit . The tobacco industry spent decades lying to the public about the health effects of its products and waging sophisticated marketing campaigns targeting children and low-income populations . As late as 1996 , more than three decades after the original Surgeon General 's report , tobacco industry executives famously testified -- under oath -- that nicotine is n't addictive and smoking does n't kill . Then in 2006 , a federal judge found the major cigarette companies guilty of intentionally defrauding smokers and potential smokers for financial gain . Because the evidence established that the industry was likely to engage in continued fraud , the judge ordered the large tobacco companies to make "  corrective statements " admitting their wrongdoing . The Department of Justice and the cigarette companies last month agreed on the details of an advertising campaign that the industry must fund to air the statements in the country 's top-selling newspapers and on the major TV networks during prime time . The factual , blunt statements include "  It 's not easy to quit " and "  Smoking kills , on average , 1,200 Americans . Every day . " Fifty years after the country 's top health official confirmed that smoking causes death , the industry will finally be compelled to level with the American people about the harm its products cause . We have a long way to go to end suffering and death from tobacco use . Smoking will kill nearly half a million people in America this year and cost the country a staggering $ 130 billion in health care costs and lost productivity . We must seize this moment in history to renew our national commitment to protecting public health by passing strong tobacco control laws . The most effective ways to help people quit smoking and keep children from starting the deadly habit are by consistently and significantly increasing tobacco taxes , passing comprehensive smoke-free laws that protect all workers from secondhand smoke and fully funding programs that help people quit tobacco and prevent others from starting . Lawmakers at all levels of government must make a priority of these policies to end death and suffering from tobacco use . Without further action , tobacco use will remain the most preventable cause of death in this country , as it has been for more than half a century . For the sake of America 's health , we ca n't afford to ignore this opportunity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Fourth Marlboro Man dies from smoking ; new report shows smoking still an epidemic 44 million Americans smoke , and a third of all cancer deaths caused by tobacco use Writers : We 've gone a long way but smoking will kill nearly half a million people in U.S. this year Tobacco use is the most preventable cause of death , and we need to redouble efforts
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- In a world where so much goes to waste without a moment 's thought , Kenyan artist Njee Muturi has made a livelihood out of upcycling rejected cutlery and transforming it into striking and inimitable jewelry . Out of old and unwanted knives , forks and spoons , Muturi crafts artistic and unique rings , bracelets , necklaces , as well as other household items . From his Nairobi home he trades under the name "  Zanji Art , " derived from Arabic , meaning "  Black Art . " "  Everywhere you go you will find that there 's something that people throw away and they do n't know it can be used , " he says . Muturi gets the old tableware sent to him in bulk from sources abroad , particularly his brother , a fellow artist . Friends or contacts entering Kenya bring the cutlery into the country , and Muturi pays the duty tax at the airport . Read more : The teenager who makes jewelry from bullets He sorts it , choosing which items he can work with and putting the rest aside . He then proceeds to clean them and take them to his workshop within the Kibera slum where he solders them , before returning to his apartment to craft the pieces . Once he is done forming the pieces , he then has to tumble them and polish them in order to give them a clean finish and fresh appearance . "  Before I never used to clean them I just used to make it and sell it but I find most people they want to see it 's new , " he explains . Read this : Artist gives ` trash a second chance ' His workspace is his apartment , where an array of forks , spoons and knives are scattered on the floor , and both finished and unfinished projects dangle on the walls . It is in this pleasantly jumbled cavern , which serves as both his office and shop , that Muturi sells his jewelry . Each piece is exclusive because of the original distinctive design of the cutlery he uses . "  I think it 's fun when you come here and then you see other things , because in the market , there you ca n't put everything , " he says . An experienced craftsman , Muturi makes the pieces with skilled efficiency ; the rings take between five and 10 minutes to make , while the larger , more complicated pieces take between 30 minutes and one hour . "  It 's easy for me , " says Muturi . "  I see it , I see what I can do even before I start making it . " Read more : Jewelry made from boiled bones Muturi sells his durable pieces at competitive prices ranging from $ 5-10 for the smaller pieces , such as the rings , and $ 20-40 for the bigger pieces , like the weighty necklaces and bracelets . For his diverse clientele , the chief attraction is that each piece is unique , its form dictated by the form and patterns on the cutlery from which it is crafted . Among his customers is Siki Kigongo , a postgraduate student at the London School Of Economics , who says : "  I love the rings . They 're very original and one of a kind . I love the fact that he takes an everyday object and changes it into a form of jewelry . I buy them because I think they 're different ... not the kind of thing you 'd come across everyday " Nshuti Bunyenyezi , a student at Nairobi 's United States International University , says : "  There 's definitely something personal about the whole process . It 's not the usual ` walk into a shop , pick a ring , head to the counter and walk out . ' "  I would n't change anything about the pieces , the moment you do it 's no longer Muturi 's " Muturi hopes to expand his possibilities in future and has already begun working on sculptures made out of cutlery and even masks made out of old trays . He prefers to work with used and unwanted tableware because of its history , individuality and enduring nature . "  It has a way of being with you for a long time , " he says .	Kenyan artist uses old cutlery to create rings , bracelets , necklaces His Nairobi apartment doubles as his workspace and shop Artist Muturi also works on sculptures made out of knives , forks and spoons
LOUISVILLE , Kentucky  CNN  -- Chilling winds and more snow were expected for Kentucky on Tuesday , bad news for more than a quarter of a million people still without power after an ice storm . Ice covers nearly everything in Elizabethtown , Kentucky , Tuesday . Forecasters said as much as 3 inches of snow could fall in areas of Kentucky , one of several states dealing with snow . The snowfall could hamper efforts of Kentucky National Guard troops that have been going door-to-door to check on families . The storm has been blamed for at least 16 deaths , several from carbon-monoxide poisoning caused by exhaust from generators , authorities said . Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear has called the ice storm "  the biggest natural disaster that this state has ever experienced in modern history . " Beshear toured areas in western Kentucky over the weekend , the hardest hit area , where National Guard troops also were focusing their efforts . In a statement , Beshear said the call-up of troops "  represents the strongest possible effort to relieve human suffering and ensure the safety and well-being of our citizens . " iReport.com : Share photos of icy , snowy weather in your town One of the people guard members checked on was 83-year-old Paul Jenkins , who was using water stored in buckets , had no power and was relying on kerosene for heat . "  When we lose power , we 're in trouble 'cause all we got is electric , " said Jenkins , who lives in Breckinridge County west of Louisville . Kentucky was n't the only place battling icy conditions . The National Weather Service put out winter storm advisories Tuesday for areas in Wisconsin , Minnesota and Virginia . In many areas , trees remain in roads or even on homes . Louisville resident John Randolph pointed to tree branches that fell onto his two-story suburban home . "  Just the overall power of the branches falling was actually pretty frightening " when the ice storm was setting in , Randolph said . He added : "  The baby slept through the night and did n't wake up once . My wife and I , once we heard the first branches falling , we did n't go back to sleep the whole night . We did n't know what to do . ... Ultimately , we sort of just stayed in our bedrooms , and I just kind of went outside periodically and assessed the situation . " Randolph 's home -- which escaped serious damage -- is among those without power . See images of the ice storm 's aftermath " Arthur Byrn , mayor of Mayfield -- one of the cities suffering from the storm -- told CNN Radio that authorities were conducting a "  door-to-door welfare check of the entire Graves County area , which is 38,000 people . " Graves County is in the southwest corner of Kentucky , near the Missouri and Tennessee lines . Byrn said it could take as long as two months for the county to have 100 percent of its power back . iReport.com : Tour ice storm damage in Elizabethtown , Kentucky "  It 's quite disconcerting to go out at 7 o'clock at night and not see a light anywhere other than -LSB- a headlight -RSB- coming down the street , " Byrn said . "  Devastation is sometimes an overused word , but I would say that 's what we had . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Andy Rose contributed to this report .	NEW : Forecast calls for up to 3 inches of snow following ice storm About a quarter-million still without power from last week 's storm National Guard troops continue visiting houses to check residents ' welfare Storm blamed for at least 16 deaths , several from carbon-monoxide poisoning
CNN  -- American military deaths in Iraq have dropped dramatically this year , a trend observers attribute to the lasting effects of the U.S.-led surge offensive , more robust Iraqi security performance and civilians ' disgust with warfare . An Iraqi police officer secures the scene of a car bombing Saturday in Baghdad . A CNN count of Pentagon figures shows that 309 U.S. service members in Iraq have died this year : 222 in hostilities such as combat and attacks , and 87 in non-hostile circumstances such as traffic accidents , suicides and natural deaths . The U.S. death toll has been much higher in past years . Last year , 906 died : 768 in combat and attacks and 138 in non-hostile circumstances . There were more than 800 deaths in 2004 , 2005 and 2006 as well . "  It 's no single effort . It 's a combination of efforts , " said Maj. Gen. Jeffery Hammond , commanding general of Multi-National Division-Baghdad . "  The people of Iraq are tired of violence , and they are assisting the security forces ; the government is improving its ability to govern and to apply the rule of law . " The decline in deaths coincides with a decrease in attacks . Maj. Gen. David Perkins said that last year , Iraq experienced nearly 180 attacks a day and that last week , the number dropped to an average of 10 a day . Gen. Thomas Metz , head of a military group dedicated to defending against roadside bombs , said this month that there had been a recent decline in the number of particularly powerful roadside bombs coming into Iraq from Iran . The bombs , called explosively formed penetrators , have been blamed for numerous U.S. troop deaths . The improvement comes as the United States prepares to withdraw its combat troops from population centers in 2009 from all of Iraq by the end of 2011 . Commanders and others say the successes of the U.S.-led surge in establishing stability last year and this year in Baghdad and nearby towns and villages have decimated militant leadership and operatives , leading to a decline in attacks . "  The Iraqi security forces have increased their capability in the last 13 months here in Baghdad , " Hammond said . "  The coalition forces and the Iraqi forces , in a combined effort , have pressed the insurgents and al Qaeda ; more than 3,300 of them have been detained in the past year . " Michael O'Hanlon , senior fellow in foreign policy at the Brookings Institution , said the military is much better at thwarting roadside bombs , has developed a better informant network and has been dismantling the al Qaeda in Iraq movement . Maj. Brian Tribus , chief of media relations for Multi-National Corps-Iraq , emphasized the improved security performance and growth of Iraqi forces . U.S. deaths have dropped in part because Iraqi troops are taking more responsibility for fighting , he said . Iraqi troops often take the lead in security patrols , as 13 of 18 provinces now are under Iraqi security control . Tribus said that more than three times as many Iraqi security forces as coalition forces were killed or wounded from June to November . In the same period last year , they sustained 1.3 times as many casualties . Government offensives against Shiite militants in Basra , Amara and Baghdad 's Sadr City and against al Qaeda in Iraq in the Mosul region illustrate Iraqi competency and resolve , Tribus said . Those operations also helped security forces develop their skills , he added . Another possible reason for the improved security has been the growth of the "  Awakening " movement , in which Sunni tribes decided to take a stand against al Qaeda in Iraq in Anbar province . This movement 's ideals spread to other regions , and from it , a U.S. - and Iraqi-backed program called the Sons of Iraq emerged . The largely Sunni militias , which include some former insurgents , have assisted in security duties . Sunnis once played a dominant role in the insurgency . Sunnis , who had more clout under Saddam Hussein 's rule , are embracing the new governmental system . "  The Sons of Iraq represent one of the many success stories in Iraqi neighborhoods and communities , " said Sgt. Brooke Murphy , a Multi-National Forces-Iraq spokeswoman . "  This organization began as simple groups of concerned local citizens striving to reclaim their neighborhoods from terrorists and criminals . " She said "  the importance of their contribution " can be gauged by efforts of the Iraqi government and U.S. military to register members into Iraqi security forces and non-security related jobs . Tribus said the focus on advising and partnering Iraqi security forces will contribute to lower U.S. and coalition deaths . "  We expect the trend will continue downward as the -LSB- Iraqi security forces -RSB- take more of the lead , " he said . CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Jennifer Turner contributed to this report .	Deaths drop from 906 last year to 309 this year Decline attributed to rise of Iraqi forces , "  Awakening " movement Improvement in defending against roadside bombs also cited Count comprises both combat and non-combat deaths
CNN  -- Community activist Tony Lewis Jr. is on a mission to right the wrongs of his father 's past . Known as "  Little Tony , " Lewis Jr. recalls having a "  quintessential " childhood , often envied by his neighborhood friends . In his household , his parent 's love and money were free-flowing . He and his father planned lavish shopping trips and the family frequently vacationed in Las Vegas and Atlantic City . They went to see Michael Jackson in concert , attended the Super Bowl and took in championship boxing matches . He describes this time in his life as an inner city version of the 1980s sitcom "  Silver Spoons . " "  My father would pick me up in a Porsche one day , a Mercedes the next day , a BMW the next . My mother would drive a Mercedes , a Jaguar , " Lewis Jr. says , "  It was normal to me . " That all changed on December 6 , 1989 . That 's the day his father , Tony Lewis Sr. was convicted of helping to run one of the largest drug rings in the history of the nation 's capitol . In the same city where his cocaine operation wreaked havoc , his son now mentors young men who might be lured into a life of crime . Although as a child he knew his father was different from the parents of his Catholic schoolmates , Tony says he was completely unaware of father 's illegal activity . "  I never saw my dad with drugs at all . That was something that was never done in our presence . " It was n't until 1988 , when Tony was 8 years old that he realized the truth behind his father 's extravagant lifestyle . While watching the local news , Tony saw a report that claimed officials had raided one of the city 's largest cocaine distribution networks . He gazed at the TV screen as his father was escorted into police custody , a suspect in the high profile case . After Tony Sr. was arrested , he never came home . "  When my father went to prison , my childhood pretty much ended , " he says . "  My innocence was taken . " The court found that Tony Lewis Sr. was a partner in a cocaine distribution conspiracy that generated millions of dollars in sales . He is appealing his conviction on four counts including conspiracy to distribute narcotics and racketeering . Tony 's father was eventually sentenced to life without parole . Lewis Sr. remembers seeing Little Tony after his guilty verdict . "  I cried . ... I told him that he had to be strong . " Leaving his son was the hardest thing he ever had to do . "  No amount of money I made is worth this , " he says . Lewis Jr. says he did n't find out his father would never get out of jail until he was 14 years old , while researching on the Internet at school . "  To find out he was going to be locked up forever was very tough to deal with , " Tony says . "  It crushed me . " In a recent interview with CNN from a federal prison in Maryland , Lewis Sr. told CNN that it was never his dream to be a drug dealer . As the son of a single mother raising six kids on welfare , Lewis Sr. says he started selling drugs at 14 as a way to make ends meet : "  We never had enough to eat . I actually started selling drugs to ... provide for my siblings . " After his dad 's downfall , Tony says he went from "  riches to rags . " Along with his mother , Tony moved into his grandmother 's row home , located on a city block once known for violence and crime . "  I had to mature very quickly to be able to kind of survive the things that I went through , " Tony says . Growing up on Washington 's Hanover Place in the late '80s and '90s , where drugs and violence were commonplace , Tony recalls losing friends and family members to the streets . Shortly after his father 's incarceration , Tony says his mother suffered a mental breakdown , leaving him without the secure family structure he once knew . "  He was left pretty much parentless , " his father says . During his teen years , Tony admits he was tempted to follow in his father 's footsteps : "  The men in my family were bank robbers , and gamblers ... and drug dealers . There was no blueprint for me to succeed . " But , he credits his mother and grandmother , and his father 's consistent support from behind bars for motivating him to succeed beyond his circumstances . "  I did n't want to die at 16 , 18 , 21 , " Tony Jr. says . "  I knew another way of life was possible . " Tony graduated from the University of the District of Columbia in 2003 at the age of 23 . Now 32 , Tony 's goal is to impact the lives of young men growing up without fathers . In 2010 , Tony founded a mentoring initiative for children of incarcerated parents called Sons of Life . He was inspired to create the organization during a routine prison visit with his father . Tony noticed a young boy waiting in the visiting area to see his dad . He looked to be about 8 years old , the same age as Tony when his father went away . "  I completely saw myself in that kid , " he says . "  I prayed he would n't have to endure what I endured without my father -- that was the premise for Sons of Life . ... I wanted to help some kids in my situation make it . " Tony , whose day job involves developing job skills for ex-offenders , mentors 10 young men ages 9 to 21 through his program . He organizes field trips to the White House , sporting events , and dinners . He aims to expose the young men to possibility and opportunity . Tony also helps families buy Christmas and birthday gifts and school supplies , stepping in where their fathers ca n't . In collaboration with his father , who is still in prison in Maryland , Tony has also organized family prison trips for children in need of transportation to detention centers . Tony is like a big brother to Sons of Life participants Xavier and Delfon . "  He goes to our football events , basketball games , " says 14-year-old Delfon . "  It makes me feel like actually cares . " His brother Xavier , 13 , added : "  He can relate to me because he 's been through the same thing I 'm going through . " According to the boys ' mother , who asked that her name not be published , Tony 's presence has made a big difference in her sons ' lives . "  I see the way my kids ' faces light up just because he can relate , " she explained . "  Most of their peers did n't understand . Just the average peer group did n't work well for them . " According to Joyce Arditti , professor of human development at Virginia Tech and author of "  Parental Incarceration and the Family , " children of incarcerated parents are unique when compared with those who have endured other forms of parent separation such as divorce or death . Research suggests that children of incarcerated parents are often disadvantaged in many areas of life and at a higher risk of school failure , poor self esteem , delinquent behavior and incarceration themselves , according to Arditti . It 's difficult for the remaining parent to find coping resources for children living with the stress of having a parent behind bars , she says , adding that programs like Sons of Life can be effective . "  Insider status is very important , " she says . "  Therapy that is typically successful for children of incarcerated parents are programs that closely model their day to day experience . " For Tony , leading by example is the best way to inspire others around him . Though he ca n't turn back the clock , he 's trying to restore his father 's name in the community . "  One of the biggest things I 'm proud of is that I 've been able to really change the perception of what my name means in my city . " Today , Tony still lives in the same row house with his grandmother , on the same street where he grew up . "  The kids in my community need to see me , " Tony says . "  They need to be able to touch me and know that I am not a myth . I want to be an inspiration for them to say yes we can make it out too . "	Tony Lewis Jr. is the son of an infamous former Washington drug dealer Tony Sr. serving life in prison . Son hopes to change perception of family name Lewis Jr. mentors children whose parents are incarcerated Lewis Jr. is the first man to graduate from college in his family
CNN  -- "  Grey 's Anatomy " star Patrick Dempsey thinks he 's just what the doctor ordered for a struggling Seattle-based coffee chain . Dempsey said he won the bid to buy Tully 's Coffee , which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in October . The company , citing "  rising commodity prices and challenging lease economics , " said it planned to close a number of underperforming coffee shop locations as part of its reorganization . Dempsey 's company , which said it beat out six other bidders , including Starbucks , will pay $ 9.15 million for Tully 's . "  It was a brand that needed to be preserved . There were 500 jobs at stake and it just felt right , " Dempsey told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " on Friday . "  I 'm really excited about this . " Starbucks , however , cautioned that the final determination certifying the winning bid for Tully 's will not occur until a bankruptcy hearing next week . The coffee giant made an offer for some of Tully 's assets , while another bidder made an offer for all other assets . The combined total of the Starbucks bid and the other "  back-up bid " was $ 10.56 million , Starbucks said in a statement . The bankruptcy filing did not affect Tully 's Coffee online sales and wholesale business , which were purchased in 2009 by Green Mountain Coffee Roasters . The hunky Dempsey plays Derek Shepherd , nicknamed "  McDreamy , " on the TV series . The medical drama is set is Seattle . "  After a celebratory cup of Joe , we will immediately begin the transition of the company and implementing our vision for quality customer service and building the Tully 's brand , " Dempsey said in a statement released Thursday . "  I will be making Seattle my home away from home and spending a significant amount of time in the community . " According to Dempsey , Tully 's Coffee operates 47 locations in Washington and California and has other franchises across the country . ` Grey 's Anatomy ' : Did Dempsey tweet a huge spoiler ?	NEW : "  It just felt right , " says the "  Grey 's Anatomy " star NEW : Starbucks comments on its bid Dempsey 's company will pay $ 9.15 million for Tully 's Coffee The struggling Seattle-based chain filed for bankruptcy last year
The family trip to San Diego that we 've been discussing , in part to visit SeaWorld with the kids , might be off -- indefinitely . I relayed that news to my husband  he was n't pleased  after watching the stirring documentary "  Blackfish , " which will be showcased on CNN at 9 p.m. ET Thursday . The film tells the story of the killing in 2010 of experienced SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau by a 12,000-pound orca . You might be surprised to find out that the director of "  Blackfish , " Gabriela Cowperthwaite , once would routinely take her kids to shows at SeaWorld in San Diego . That was the case until that day nearly four years ago when the whale Brancheau trained and performed with in Orlando pulled her underwater . The death led Cowperthwaite to make a documentary , raising questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity over the past 39 years . The film includes interviews with a number of former SeaWorld trainers , including one who said he would never take his child to SeaWorld . "  I am not at all interested in having my daughter who is 3-and-a-half grow up thinking that it 's normalized to have these intelligent , highly evolved animals in concrete pools , " said John Jett , a former SeaWorld trainer , who said he grew increasingly concerned about the stressful conditions the animals were living under at SeaWorld . "  I do n't want her to think that 's how we treat the kin that we find ourselves around on this planet . I think it 's atrocious . " In conversations with parents across the country , most of whom had not seen the film and many of whom contribute to the parenting and lifestyle site Babble.com , I found strong differences of opinion about keeping animals in captivity and about taking kids to SeaWorld as well as to zoos , circuses and aquariums . Parents weigh benefits and costs of captivity Janis Brett Elspas of Los Angeles , who describes herself as a lifelong animal lover , took her four kids , 16-year-old triplets and a 17-year-old , to SeaWorld every chance she could from the time they were very little . "  Since I love nature , I really wanted them to be exposed to that early , " the host of the blog Mommy Blog Expert and social media strategist said in an interview . At a time when some species of whale are on the endangered list , Elspas believes places such as SeaWorld provide crucial education to children about whales . "  We need to educate children about why these whales are so important , why they 're so beautiful , what their unique characteristics are , because these kids are also going to be the world 's future marine biologists , " she said . Joanna Mazewski , a mom of two who grew up in Orlando , Florida , wholeheartedly agrees . "  If we do n't give our children the opportunity to go visit them , how else would they learn about these animals ? " said Mazewski , who is a Babble.com contributor . "  It 's a hands-on experience and a hands-on opportunity , too . " On the other side are moms such as Pilar Clark , who believes parents should not take their kids to SeaWorld , circuses or other places where "  animals are made to perform for the enjoyment of humans . " At a very young age , Clark was deeply affected by animals in captivity , begging her parents to take her home early after trips to the circus and SeaWorld . "  I still have a photo of myself posing awkwardly in front of a lion standing on top of an elephant , and that bothered me so much , " the mom of two , social media strategist and contributor to Babble.com said . "  I did n't really want to see the wild animals being made to do what people wanted them to do . " Explaining SeaWorld position to kids , other parents Clark 's kids , 4 and 7 , have no issue with the family position of "  No SeaWorld , circuses and aquariums , " but other parents are a different story . An awkward conversation usually ensues when other families invite Clark and her kids along to an animal park or circus . "  People are taken aback when you say , ` You know what , I do n't really agree with circuses or believe in them , so we 'll pass , ' " Clark said . "  That always seems to shock people a little bit , at least I 've found . " Sheri Silver and her family have made a 180-degree shift in terms of their feelings about places such as SeaWorld . Silver 's daughter , now 22 , was obsessed with sharks and marine life in general beginning at 3 and dreamed of swimming with dolphins . So , at 10 , her parents took her to SeaWorld to swim with the dolphins , and then at 16 , she swam with them again in the Bahamas . But during her college years , she saw the documentary film "  The Cove , " which explores the killing of dolphins and porpoises in Japan . Everything changed . "  She was devastated by what she learned , " said Silver , a mom of three , blogger and food writer for Babble.com . "  She made every member of our family watch it ... and those issues became very much on our radar to the point where we stopped going to aquariums . " Once "  Blackfish " came out , they immediately went to see it and were deeply moved . "  There 's not only no kind way , no humane way to keep  whales  in captivity . It is traumatizing to them , " Silver said . "  Once you know it , you ca n't ... unknow it and go with any kind of open mind or heart . " SeaWorld 's conservation efforts Elspas , the Los Angeles mom of four , says she feels bad when whales are captured or born into captivity , but she says they are not safe in nature , either , citing how some countries still permit their slaughter . Places such as SeaWorld , she says , are one of the few ways to preserve and protect each species of whale from extinction ultimately . "  I think a lot of the anti-whale-in-captivity people are thinking that people are using them for entertainment value and for their own selfish purposes , but I think it 's really important from the educational aspect . " Also missing from the discussion , said Orlando-native Mazewski , are the conservation efforts by SeaWorld , which include taking in injured birds and animals and having staffers travel to beaches to recover stranded animals . "  There is a controversy , " said Mazewski . "  At the same time , they are doing a lot of good to save a lot of animals that would be in danger or ... would n't survive in their natural habitats . " On the fence Somewhere in the middle are parents such as Alice Gomstyn , who participated in coverage of the SeaWorld 2010 death during her time as a Web producer for ABC News . Gomstyn says she has to balance her concerns about animals in captivity with how certain places help endangered species continue to survive . She 's waiting until her two children , 11 months and 3 years old , get a bit older to decide whether animal parks are a potential family destination . "  It 's easy to say , ` Well , I 'm not going to visit any of these places ' " she said . "  But when you have a child and you see his face light up at the sight of a four-legged furry thing , it 's hard to deny him that joy . " Gomstyn , who is now a Babble.com contributor , also wonders what the alternatives would be if there were no SeaWorlds , zoos and aquariums , since most families ca n't afford to spend thousands of dollars on an African safari or on a whale-watching expedition . "  I think  kids '  universes of animals , or at least live animals , would be limited to the squirrels , cats and dogs in the neighborhood , which I think would be too bad for them because kids these days in general have a lot less exposure to wild animals than they did years ago , " Gomstyn said . "  And I think they are missing out because of that . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	"  Blackfish " tells the story of the 2010 death of an experienced SeaWorld trainer It questions the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity Parents across the country have different feelings about taking kids to SeaWorld and zoos There are benefits and costs to keeping animals in captivity , parents say
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The Vatican said a lawsuit accusing it and Pope Benedict XVI of covering up sexual abuse by a priest at a Catholic school in the United States has no merit . "  While legitimate lawsuits have been filed by abuse victims , this is not one of them , " Vatican lawyer Jeffrey Lena said Friday . "  Instead , the lawsuit represents an attempt to use tragic events as a platform for a broader attack . " The lawsuit by an unnamed Illinois man demands the Vatican release the names of thousands of Catholic priests that the suit says have "  credible allegations of sexual misconduct " against them . The alleged victim , who is now an adult , says he was molested by the Rev. Lawrence Murphy while a student at St. John 's School for the Deaf , according to the complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . "  The defendant , -LSB- the -RSB- Holy See , has known about the widespread problem of childhood sexual abuse committed by its clergy for centuries , but has covered up that abuse and thereby perpetuated the abuse , " the suit says . "  The case against the Holy See and its officials is completely without merit , " Lena said . "  Most of the complaint rehashes old theories already rejected by U.S. courts . " Lena added , "  With regard to Murphy himself , the Holy See and its officials knew nothing of his crimes until decades after the abuse occurred , and had no role whatsoever in causing plaintiff 's injuries . " Benedict was named as a defendant because he has the ultimate authority to remove priests and because of his involvement in reviewing sex abuse cases when he was Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , the suit says . Peter Isely , Midwest director of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , estimated the Vatican is investigating 4,000 cases of sex abuse by church employees . The lawsuit aims to change church policies and practices that conceal sex offenders , Isely said . "  It 's going to protect children , we hope , around the world , " he said , "  This is a historic day and hopefully this is going to result in historic changes . " Arthur Budzinski , a deaf man who said he was sexually assaulted and raped by Murphy , stood with Isely at a news conference Thursday . He said the priest "  may have stolen our bodies , " but higher clerics such as cardinals , archbishops and the pope "  stole our voices . " Budzinski , who is not a party to the lawsuit , made his comments in sign language and his daughter , Gigi , interpreted his words . Murphy , who died in 1998 , is believed to have molested up to 200 boys , Isely said . The lawsuit said the church "  knew that there was a high probability that these clerics would sexually molest more children , but sought to protect itself from scandal , sought to keep its income stream going , at the peril of children . " Murphy , it says , was a "  top fundraiser and recruiter " for the church and the "  Holy See wanted to retain Murphy 's services . " The same Minnesota law firm representing the Illinois plaintiff also filed suit Wednesday on behalf of a Mexican resident who says he was sexually abused by a priest . The suit alleges Catholic officials in Los Angeles , California , aided and abetted the abuse by moving the priest to different dioceses as allegations piled up against him . CNN 's Alan Duke and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Some lawsuits legitimate , but not this one , Vatican lawyer says Illinois man accuses Catholic Church , Pope Benedict XVI of covering up abuse Plaintiff says he was molested by priest at Wisconsin school for the deaf
CNN  -- Jose Luis Zelaya shed tears of joy Friday morning . "  It 's just insane , " the graduate student at Texas A&M University said . "  I 've been working on this for six years . It is just overwhelming . " Zelaya was electrified by news that the Obama administration will stop deporting illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children if they meet certain requirements . Zelaya came to the United States illegally from Honduras at age 14 to find his mother , who was already in the country , he said . Without the change announced Friday , he could n't get a job to help pay for school ; Zelaya , 25 , is pursuing a master 's degree in education with hopes of earning a doctorate and teaching middle school . He also would n't be able to consider job offers that presented themselves afterward . The uncertainty over what loomed after graduation spooked him . "  Now , maybe I will be able to work without being afraid that someone may deport me , " he said . "  There is no fear anymore . " Immigration shift sparks reaction from both sides News of the change raced across the country , buoying the spirits of immigrants and immigrant advocates who have campaigned for such a change for more than 10 years . "  I 'm definitely speechless , " said Pedro Ramirez , a recent graduate of Fresno State University who was student body president when he admitted that he was in the country illegally . "  It gives us a chance to show the American people that we 're not here to use your tax dollars ; we 're not here to take your jobs ; we 're here to contribute , " he said . Not everyone viewed the change with such enthusiasm . "  This is a classic Barack Obama move of choosing politics over leadership , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said on Twitter . "  This decision avoids dealing with Congress and the American people instead of fixing a broken immigration system once and for all . " Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , said the decision would invite fraud and hurt unemployed Americans . "  President Obama 's decision to grant amnesty to potentially millions of illegal immigrants is a breach of faith with the American people , " said Smith , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee . Read Napolitano 's memo here  PDF Under the new directives , those who were brought into the country illegally before the age of 16 and are not criminals , among other requirements , are eligible to receive deferred action for two years , and will be eligible to apply for work authorization . "  It 's a step in the right direction , " Ramirez said , though he characterized it as a "  Band-Aid deal . " "  It 's not the solution ; it 's a temporary fix . But it implements part of the key focal points of the DREAM Act , " he said . The Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors -- or DREAM -- Act , would create a path to citizenship for immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children under the age of 16 and have lived in the United States for at least five years , obtained a high school or General Education Development diploma , and demonstrated "  good moral character , " the White House said . Efforts to pass the DREAM Act in Congress have failed . Laura Vazquez , spokeswoman for the National Council of La Raza , said the Obama administration is within its authority to enforce the change . "  This is a legitimate use of the tools that the administration has to focus on their immigration enforcement resources , " she said . "  In light of the congressional inaction on immigration reform , this is the right step for the administration to take at this time . " Ira Mehlman , a spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform said the policy is politically motivated and misguided . What to know about immigration in the U.S. "  They 're going to throw 830,000 people into an already dismal work environment , " he said , referring to estimates of the number of people who could become eligible to apply for work authorization under the new policy . Mehlman said the law also disregards the authority of Congress . "  The president is basically announcing amnesty without authority from Congress , " he said . "  This is what they need to rally a certain part of their base , but it 's going to come at the expense of a lot of other people who say this is bad policy and a usurpation of the authority of the legislative branch of Congress , " he said . In Arizona , Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , known for his tough anti-illegal immigration stance , said that politics is behind the policy action . "  Why now ? Why not let Congress decide next year on this issue and on all the illegal immigration problems we have ? " he said . Arpaio said he will abide by the directive , but added he will continue to enforce state laws as he sees fit . "  We 're going to continue enforcing these illegal immigration laws , including the state laws , " he said . The new immigration directive could also help resolve immigration snafus that that system has created . Elizabeth Olivas nearly missed her graduation and salutatorian speech because she was caught in one such mix-up . An undocumented immigrant who was brought to the United States by her parents when she was 4 , Olivas traveled to Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , last month to beat a deadline to apply for a visa . But because of a miscalculation , she missed a deadline and risked being barred from the United States for three years . It took a waiver to allow her to return to the United States , where her father is a naturalized citizen . Her attorney , Sarah Moshe , said those who have grown up in the United States after entering illegally did so without intent to violate the law . Overheard on CNN.com : Decision to defer some deportations symbolic "  It 's not the end of the road , but it is great news , " she said of the administration 's announcement . "  It will allow them to live without the fear looming over their head that they can be sent to their home country at any moment . " In downtown Los Angeles , about 150 young demonstrators -- many of them undocumented immigrants -- rallied in front of the federal immigration office Friday and exalted over the news from Washington . Some shed tears of joy and chanted , "  undocumented , unafraid ! " Demonstrators then symbolically blocked a freeway on-ramp and next obstructed Aliso Street for about an hour to halt the movement of a fleet of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement vans and buses , which are typically used to haul away illegal immigrants to the border for deportation . Protestors then broke up peacefully . Protest organizer Neidi Dominguez asserted that "  there 's so many undocumented youth graduating from UCLA , Harvard , Stanford " and the executive order will ensure "  that they are going to be able to use their degree and work . "  It 's a night and day change , and there 's hope , " Dominguez said . Alex Chavez , 20 , a senior at California State University Fresno , drove four hours to downtown Los Angeles early Friday to participate in the "  historic moment , " he said . "  I was brought here at the age of 3  from Mexico  and was raised in Tulare , California . I grew up here , this is my country and I have no intention of going back , " Chavez said . "  I want to come here and contribute , to be a teacher , educating young minds . That 's what I plan to do for the rest of my life . " Photos : Putting a face on the immigration debate CNN 's Jaqueline Hurtado , Paul Vercammen , Michael Martinez , Stan Austin , Nick Valencia , Melissa Abbey and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : About 150 young adults , including illegal immigrants , rally in downtown Los Angeles Students who qualify to remain in the United States are overjoyed It will give undocumented students a chance to work , they say Some lawmakers argue that it will lead to fraud
CNN  -- A member of one of the ruling royal families in the oil-rich United Arab Emirates , Sheikh Abdul Aziz bin Ali al Nuaimi 's work as an environmental campaigner might seem an unlikely vocation . But , Al Nuaimi , 45 , affectionately known internationally as the "  Green Sheikh , " abandoned a lucrative career in the petroleum industry to pursue a vocation defending the climate . After completing a doctorate in Cleaner Production and Industrial Eco-systems , Al Nuaimi -- whose uncle is ruler of Ajman , the smallest of the UAE 's seven emirates -- joined the government as environmental adviser . The Green Sheikh now works as chairman of the International Steering Committee for the Global Initiative Towards a Sustainable Iraq and is honorable president of the Zayed Environmental Impact Network , at the UAE 's Zayed University . In an interview with CNN 's Road to Rio , he talks about how he mitigates his own carbon footprint in daily life , his role in the forthcoming Rio +20 earth summit and says of his previous career in the oil industry : "  You want to go to paradise ? First you go to hell . " CNN : Why do they call you the Green Sheikh ? Al Nuaimi : It is not what people normally think of green like  the  color of an object . Green for me means , G for global , R for rethink , E for enlightenment -- we need guidance , we need a way to follow ... the other E is ethics -- morals , values ; and last one is N , we can not live alone , we can not live  as  individuals , but we can live together as a network . CNN : You preach about the environment in an oil country ... Some might say they may not care about the environment . What do you think ? AN : I studied chemical engineering ... but then I  converted  from polluter to protector ... I have to make a change . The change is to inspire myself , to inspire my people , to think about the capacity of natural resources . CNN : What do you think the problems are when it comes to environment in the UAE ? AN : The partnership and the relationship between public , private and NGOs . I think the collaboration is important . We can say it 's a problem ... we can say  it 's  a challenge . I think the most important thing is cultural and behavioral change . CNN : The U.N. Conference on Sustainable Development is taking place in Rio de Janeiro in a few months . What will be your role at the conference ? AN : I want to focus on the youth . Really , I love the youth because even  as  I grow , my soul is young , my heart is young . I think the youth is changing worldwide . The thing is not to tell them what to do ... As someone from  a  ruling family , you are so prestigious , you are so high , when you go down , listening to them , inspiring them , talking to them , giving them the hope ... They feel so motivated and very powerful . CNN : Will the UAE be participating in the conference ? AN : Yes , the UAE from the government , from the public and the NGOs delegate ,  will  go , and I will be joining them .  It  will be interesting to tell our stories about sustainability in the UAE . CNN : You could have been in the fuel industry and that would have made you more money . But instead you chose to be a protector ... how much did this decision cost you ? AN : First of all , I worked in the oil industry  for  about three years . And the gas industry , and I smelled sulfur dioxide ; I drank  hydrogen sulfide  ; I was contaminated with a lot hazardous waste . CNN : So you were an environmental criminal ? AN : I was ... You want to go to paradise ? First you go to hell . CNN : And , when was the day that you said , that 's it ? AN : I felt it from inside . My lungs , you know , becoming irritated ; my breathing becoming vibrated . And I have seen people are dying , in front of me ,  really  dying , when doing exercise through that environment . From that point , I went to the public . I went to the society ... empowering the public ; running on the street ; telling the people to save the environment -- that was 1996 . A lot of people  said  : ` Sheikh , are you crazy ? You want to clean the road ? There we have a lot of labors can do that work for you and for others . ' But I said : ` No , we should do that . The cleaning is not just about removing harmful things on the road , no , we have to clean our hearts . We have to clean our mind . We have to think better . ' CNN : What would you like to teach your own kids ? AN : Habits , the good habits ... Like reduce your income , not income  like  money , income of consumption . If you go to buy a product , do we need  it  all ? We go to a restaurant , but if we are five we order for two . I do n't order , what I do , the remaining food , I eat from them . So , I keep minimizing my  input  , reducing my carbon footprint . CNN : This is a country that has issues with water ... how do you use it on a daily basis ? AN : Two minutes per shower . Do you know how many liters  are produced in two minutes  ? Fifteen liters . If you ask any ordinary person , they will tell you  they spend  10-15 minutes shower with dancing , with singing -- that 's more than 50-60 liters . CNN : The theme for the Rio conference is ` Changing Our Future ' , what is the future that you want ? AN : We need to understand the planet we live on . I think the young people , will learn from me , what resources they are going to keep ... and this resource is not about  natural  resources , but about their future generation .	Sheikh al Nuaimi has acquired nickname "  Green Sheikh " for his climate campaigning A member of one of the UAE 's ruling families , he abandoned career in oil Speaking to CNN , he talks about his own moderate lifestyle and role at Rio +20 conference
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some private security guards hired to protect the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan say their contractor has allowed widespread mistreatment , sexual activity and intimidation within their ranks , according to the watchdog group Project On Government Oversight  POGO  . A spokeswoman for watchdog group POGO said hazing at a camp for security guards went "  well beyond partying . " The group sent a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Tuesday , and briefed reporters on its findings , which it said are based on e-mails and interviews with more than a dozen guards who have worked at the U.S. compound in Kabul . The company -- ArmorGroup , North America -- has a security contract with the State Department to provide services through July 2010 , and has been cited several times for shortcomings in the security required by the contract . A U.S. Senate panel two months ago was critical of the State Department for not closely supervising ArmorGroup , after a series of warning letters from the State Department in the year leading up to the panel 's inquiry . When CNN contacted Wackenhut , the corporate parent of ArmorGroup , a spokesperson there said the company would have a response Wednesday . The U.S. Embassy said Wednesday it was taking the allegations very seriously . "  Nothing is more important to us than the safety and security of all Embassy personnel -- Americans and Afghan -- and respect for the cultural and religious values of all Afghans , " it said in a statement . "  We have taken immediate steps to review all local guard force policies and procedures and have taken all possible measures to ensure our security is sound . " Should initiation rituals such as hazing be allowed ? Sound off below POGO says two weeks ago it began receiving whistleblower-style e-mails , some with graphic images and videos , that are said to document problems taking place at a non-military camp for the guards near the U.S. diplomatic compound in Kabul . "  This is well beyond partying , " said Danielle Brian , POGO 's executive director , after showing a video of a man with a bare backside , and another man apparently drinking a liquid that had been poured down the man 's lower back . She told CNN that ranking supervisors were "  facilitating this kind of deviant hazing and humiliation , and requiring people to do things that made them feel really disgusted . " Watch claims that alleged hazing at the U.S. Embassy pose a threat to security " "  This is not Abu Ghraib , " she said , referring to images and videos of abuse by U.S. military troops against prisoners held at a facility in Iraq . "  We 're not talking about torture , " she continued , "  we are talking about humiliation , " by supervisors causing a breakdown of morale , and a "  total breakdown in the chain-of-command . " In the letter POGO sent to Clinton , Brian wrote that the problems are "  posing a significant threat to the security of the Embassy and its personnel . " Among the recommendations from the group : immediate military supervision of the private security guards , a review of whether the contract should be revoked , and consideration as to whether government forces should replace private security in a combat zone .	Watchdog : Contractor providing security guards allowed "  deviant hazing , humiliation " Video showed naked man , another man apparently drinking liquid poured down back Watchdog warns Sec . of State Clinton of security threat posed by behavior ArmorGroup , North America has contract until July 2010
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A cache of e-mails believed lost when Michael Jackson 's last manager 's laptop disappeared could become key evidence in the wrongful death trial against AEG Live . Lawyers for Michael Jackson 's mother and three children do n't know what they 'll find in Frank DiLeo 's e-mails , but they are hoping it will support their contention that DiLeo was beholden to the concert promoter and not to Jackson . Jackson changed managers twice in the last three months of his life . In late March 2009 , he hired Leonard Rowe -- one of his father 's friends -- to replace Tohme Tohme , the manager who initially negotiated the deal with AEG for his "  This Is It " tour . Jackson lawyers argue that AEG Live forced Jackson to take DiLeo , who had worked for him off and on for decades , as his manager in May 2009 because they did not want to work with Rowe . Their contention is part of their larger argument that AEG Live executives were liable for Jackson 's death because they hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter . AEG counters that it was Jackson who chose and hired Murray , not them . AEG lawyers argue that Jackson was responsible for his own death and that drug addiction led to his bad decisions . Choreographer : AEG considered pulling plug on Jackson 's comeback The coroner ruled his death , which came near the end of preparations for a series of comeback concerts , was caused by an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol that Murray was using to treat Jackson 's insomnia . AEG Live contends its executives had no way of knowing the doctor was using propofol in the privacy of Jackson 's bedroom . The Jacksons are seeking billions of dollars in damages , equal to what Michael Jackson might have earned if he had not died on June 25 , 2009 . The Los Angeles trial began three weeks ago and is expected to continue into July . The lawsuit contends AEG Live ignored warning signs about Jackson 's health in his last weeks , and instead of getting him help they pressured Jackson and Murray to have him at rehearsals . DiLeo would have been part of that pressure , they contend . "  Get him a bucket of chicken , " DiLeo said on June 19 , 2009 , in reply to concerns about Jackson 's weight loss , makeup artist Karen Faye testified last week . "  It was such a cold response , it broke my heart , " Faye said through tears . The next day -- June 20 , 2009 -- DiLeo left a voice mail on Murray 's cell phone . "  I 'm sure you 're aware he had an episode last night . He 's sick . Today 's Saturday . Tomorrow , I 'm on my way back . I 'm not going to continue my trip . I think you need to get a blood test on him . We got to see what he 's doing ? " Wade Robson calls Jackson ' a pedophile ' DiLeo 's e-mails were recovered after what the judge called "  a lot of red tape and kind of cloudiness , " that included the AEG 's lawyers also representing the estate of DiLeo , who died in 2011 , in fighting the Jacksons ' subpoena for them . "  Because  DiLeo 's widow  did n't have litigation counsel , we 're representing her for the limited purposes of responding to that subpoena , " AEG 's lead lawyer , Marvin Putnam , told the judge . Soon after an Ohio court ordered DiLeo 's estate to give his laptop and e-mails to the Jackson lawyers , the AEG lawyers -- in their other capacity representing the DiLeo estate -- reported that they could not locate the computer or e-mails . Jackson lawyers , however , learned that the DiLeo estate 's previous lawyer -- Pennsylvania lawyer David Regoli -- kept a copy of the e-mail files . For the past several weeks , however , the AEG lawyers argued he had no authority to provide them to the Jacksons ' lawyers for use in the case against AEG . But in a phone call to the court this week , Regoli said he advised DiLeo 's widow , Linda DiLeo , that "  in my opinion , it was a conflict " for AEG 's lawyers -- from the Los Angeles firm O'Melveny and Myers -- to represent her in the matter . Witness : ` Everybody was lying ' after Jackson died "  She said that she never signed anything with O'Melveny and Myers to authorize them to represent her , and as of this moment they are not representing her anymore , " Regoli said . Linda DiLeo then rehired Regoli , which allows him to send the e-mails on to the Jacksons -- after removing any that are personal or not relevant to the case . "  I think I can give the court my assurances that I 'll go through the documents that I have and I 'll go through the e-mails , and anything that is related to the subpoena , I would obviously turn over , " Regoli said . As for the missing laptop , there was a simple explanation . Linda DiLeo "  had told me her daughter had given it to a friend who needed a computer , " Regoli said . "  It was n't a very new computer . " While the Jackson lawyers wanted to explore how AEG 's lawyers came to represent the DiLeo estate in Ohio , the judge declined exploring the matter . "  All we know right now they 're not representing her , and that 's enough for us , " Judge Yvette Palazuelos said . The trial 's fourth week starts Monday morning with AEG 's chief counsel , Shawn Trell , on the witness stand . Jackson lawyers are expected to grill him about the contract negotiations with Michael Jackson and Murray . Witness : Jackson was paranoid , talking to himself in last days	Frank DiLeo 's laptop could n't be found after Jackson 's lawyers subpoenaed it AEG 's lawyers represented DiLeo 's estate in the fight to stop the subpoena Another lawyer kept a copy of the manager 's e-mail file Jackson lawyers argue AEG forced Michael Jackson to take DiLeo as his manager
San Francisco  CNN  -- Ross Turk would be happy to explain the tattoo on his arm . By now , he 's used to the penguin being met with bewildered stares . It represents , as he 'd tell you , the Linux computing software , not the slightly less obscure character from 1950s cartoons . "  A lot of people see it and they think it 's Chilly Willy or something , " the West Hollywood , California , man lamented in a recent interview . "  The Linux logo is still kind of grass-roots . " When the then-21-year-old Turk got the logo etched into his left bicep in 2000 , the penguin seemed poised to become mainstream , then appearing frequently in magazines and on the walls in computer stores . But the software market tumbled with the dot-com bust , and so too did the Linux brand , choked by investors ' swift rejection then of the open-source software movement . Thursday marks 20 years since Linus Torvalds announced on a Web bulletin board that he 'd begun working on a free computer operating system . In that message , Torvalds described Linux as "  just a hobby , wo n't be big and professional . " Now , two decades later , that market breakthrough does n't seem any more attainable . And yet while the Linux name and its penguin mascot failed to go big , the software they embody is more pervasive today than ever . Linux 's skeleton and spirit live on inside another familiar , adorable mascot : the green robot that represents Google 's Android operating system . That software , which powers 43 % of smartphones worldwide , many tablets and the Google TV set-top boxes , was developed with Linux at its core . Google 's Chrome OS for laptops is also based on Linux . Another mobile system , webOS , sprouted from Linux . Hewlett-Packard says webOS , not the hardware that runs it , is a key asset from its acquisition last year of Palm . This month , HP took steps to discontinue its gadget production arm , but it will keep webOS . HP has discussed licensing the software to other vendors in order to expand webOS 's reach , perhaps into computing platforms on appliances and in cars . Linux is already commonly installed on refrigerators with built-in TVs , car navigation systems , in-flight entertainment systems , public transit displays , ATMs and countless other machines . The Smart TV from Samsung Electronics , which competes with the Google TV , is also based on Linux . Sony previously allowed tinkerers to install versions of Linux onto their PlayStation consoles . Whether you 're aware of it or not , Linux is practically everywhere . "  The fact that you do n't have to call it Linux is what makes Linux work , " said Jim Zemlin , the executive director of the Linux Foundation . His nonprofit organization was formed to promote Linux development to the industry and sponsors Torvalds ' ongoing work on the platform . 14 million lines of code Linux can exist in so many places because , rather than being owned by one company , thousands of engineers contribute code to the kernel .  The kernel is the brains and sinew of the software , and Torvalds said in an e-mail that it 's the aspect of his work that he finds most interesting and that he spends most of his time developing . No one can claim ownership of Linux , and everyone is free to use it . The software contains 14 million lines of code and is protected by more than 520,000 patents , according to a Linux Foundation report . Governments like the system 's flexibility and decentralized nature . Technology companies , even giants like Intel and AMD that typically do n't publish schematics for their other products , encourage staff to contribute to and implement code from Linux . Google has carried this philosophy into many parts of its business , though not the ones that make the most money . The company did not respond to a request to make an executive available . Torvalds initially conceived of Linux as a free alternative to Windows . But the collaborative-development , peace-loving ideologies of Linux were no match for the freewheeling , business-savvy , marketing power of Microsoft . Linux , as a PC platform in the home , showed promise during the boom a decade ago . But it never came to fruition there , even as Apple 's Mac has emerged as a more serious player . Instead , Linux became the bastion of geek morality , the king of the fast-growing server industry where Microsoft and Apple also compete with limited success , and the choice platform for supercomputers in laboratories . In Microsoft 's annual report filed last week to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , the software giant revised its statement on competition to declare the war with Linux over . Microsoft no longer perceives Linux as credible competition to Windows , the change suggests , as ZDNet notes . A ` sticky ' environment However , Torvalds is n't ready to forfeit the PC . "  I 'm definitely not indifferent to the desktop market , " Torvalds wrote in an e-mail . "  The desktop is a very ` sticky ' environment : Users really get attached to their environment . " Several Linux players are still tackling that market , but their efforts amount to only about 1 % of desktop usage worldwide . Microsoft controls the lion 's share . Microsoft has been very adept at ensuring that Windows comes as the default operating system installed on most new computers . "  Usage is n't what matters ; mindshare is what matters , " said Jono Bacon , a community manager for Ubuntu , the most popular general-purpose version of Linux . "  The biggest challenge we face right now is getting preinstalled on hardware . " SUSE , which makes another Linux desktop platform , and others have been choked by Microsoft 's "  strong monopoly on the desktop , " said Alan Clark , the chariman of the board for the openSUSE Project . "  It 's played out differently than I expected , to be honest , " Clark said . "  We made some progress , but nothing like anybody envisioned . " Yet , SUSE has a comfortable presence in the server market , Clark said . "  Linux is very much pervasive . It 's everywhere . You ca n't even fly on an airplane ; ... you ca n't use Facebook ; you ca n't buy a book from Amazon , " Clark said , "  without running into Linux . " The cult of Linux Familiarity with Linux became a crucial skill for budding software engineers and server caretakers as far back as the mid-1990s . When David Bohnett sought a partner in his new Web venture called GeoCities , resulting in one of the largest Internet business deals ever when it went public and then was acquired by Yahoo for $ 3.6 billion in 1999 , his main criteria was an adeptness with Linux programming , Bohnett said in an interview . John Rezner fit the description and shared in the pair 's eventual fortune . Torvalds , the brain behind Linux , never seemed very interested in fortunes , according to people who know him . The reclusive programming wizard declined through a spokeswoman to be interviewed by phone , though he talked openly through e-mail and appeared on stage last week at LinuxCon in Vancouver , Canada . There , Torvalds was treated like a celebrity . A lover of reclusive scientists , including Sir Isaac Newton and Albert Einstein , he described the general reactions from Linux fans as "  just odd . " He wrote : "  Sometimes it does get to be a bit overwhelming . " Clark , from SUSE , described a memorable meeting with Torvalds . "  The first time he came to Japan , seriously , it was like a rock star arrived , and I could kind of tell it was really overwhelming for him , " Clark said . "  He took it in stride . " The Linux faithful are predominantly male , often nerdy , with strong principles about collaborative development that translate to a belief in a less hierarchal , more cooperative society , according to interviews . For example , Ubuntu 's Bacon has an Android phone , which uses Google 's open-source software , because "  the ethical side of me feels like it 's the right thing to do , " he said . "  It 's not just a product . It 's an ethos . " Apple has tried to define its principles in advertising : artistic , noncorporate and able to "  think different . " Its brand has been adopted by millions of people . Meanwhile , Linux has maintained a devout but small following over the last two decades . The Linux software is embedded in many millions of machines , but its ethos and the penguin logo that embodies it remain an underground movement . To let Turk explain it , because he 'd be more than happy to , his tattoo is like a secret handshake , waiting for someone to be able to recognize and reciprocate . "  Every so often , at the gym or something , I 'll run into someone who 's like , ` That 's the Linux tattoo , ' and there 's a conversation , " said Turk , who now works for open-source software maker Talend . "  It 's always been something that the community feels like it owns . It 's almost a little bit anti-establishment . The penguin does n't stand a chance against the marketing of big firms . But that 's great . It 's good . It 's ours . "	Linux , the free software platform , was conceived 20 years ago In phones , ATMs , airplane consoles and other machines , Linux is pervasive Linux , the brand and the desktop operating system , failed to go mainstream
CNN  -- Confession : I 've fallen asleep while operating on patients . And I 'm sure I 'm not the only one . No , I 've never passed out and face-planted into a patient 's open belly . Nor have I fallen asleep in the operating room as a plastic surgeon in practice . But as a resident , I performed the dreaded head-bob several times . Here is a typical scenario : The OR is silent , except for the rhythmic beep from the anesthesia machine . My surgical scrubs feel warm , like a pair of comfy pajamas . I sit , holding two tiny retractors , while the hand surgeon meticulously dissects the patient 's carpal tunnel . It 's a surgery I 've assisted on dozens of times before . I blink and try to remember what day it is . It seems like forever ago that I arrived at the hospital . In fact , it 's been more than 32 hours since my shift started . During this past day and a half , I 've logged more than 15 hours in the OR and exactly zero minutes of sleep . My eyelids feel heavy , as if being pulled down by an invisible force . I begin shaking my knee up and down , an attempt to keep myself awake . "  Stay still ! " the attending surgeon growls . My knee stops . Heaviness returns to my eyelids . I 'm dancing on the edge of sleep . Five minutes later , I lose the battle . My head briefly bobs down , then back up . I immediately look around . Has anyone noticed ? Apparently not the surgeon . I look at the scrub technician , sitting to my right . She nods her head at me , knowingly . Then she digs her heel into my foot . Hard . I suppress a yelp . I 'm awake now . Residency , the training to become a real , practicing physician , is brutal . During my surgical residency back in the late '90s , I was routinely expected to work up to 36 hours straight , without sleep or a designated break . Sure , I occasionally caught a few zzz 's in the call room , but many nights were spent wide awake taking care of patients . I was one of the lucky ones . Although often overworked , I never considered myself abused . Some residents had it a lot worse . Things are n't quite as bad today as they were 14 years ago . In July 2011 , the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education implemented new resident work hour standards , instituting a maximum 16-hour shift for postgraduate first-year residents , aka interns . These new rules have created concern among residents regarding their education . A survey published in the June issue of Archives of Surgery found that surgical interns believed the new regulations would decrease their time spent operating , acquisition of medical knowledge , development of surgical skills and overall educational experience . So what 's the real benefit to reducing resident work hours ? The Archives of Surgery survey also found that the majority of interns believed the new regulations would improve the quality and safety of patient care . As physicians , this should be our primary concern . Proper residency training should n't necessitate working young doctors so hard that they 're forced to make patient care decisions or perform medical procedures while excessively fatigued . Studies show that impairment in cognitive and motor performance when sleep-deprived for 24 hours is equivalent to having a blood-alcohol level of 0.1 % . This is considered legally drunk . Do you want a drunken doctor operating on you ? As a physician , my patients expect me to be at my best when treating them . Part of being at my best includes being well-rested . Since my residency days , I 've never fallen asleep in the operating room . Not even close . But it often disturbs me when I think about how sleep-deprived I was as a resident . My patients deserved better . More from Dr. Youn : Seriously ? Doctors say they 're underpaid The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Youn .	Many medical residents work long shifts and their sleep suffers Last year new standards were implemented with a 16-hour maximum shift Archives of Surgery survey finds surgical interns believe new regulations inhibit education
ST. PETERSBURG , Florida  CNN  -- It 's a community that seems serene , with just a wind chime breaking the silence . But look again and you will see many residents wearing ankle monitor systems that alert authorities if they wander too far away . Nearly half the residents of the Palace trailer park are convicted sex offenders . The Palace Mobile Home Park is a place that welcomes sex offenders . Ninety-five of these 200 residents are convicted sex offenders , including some pedophiles . The adults-only , nondescript , low-income trailer park near St. Petersburg , Florida has gained a reputation among sex offenders on probation as a good place to live and stay out of trouble . "  Out there ... it 's a jungle , " said Michael , who did not want his last name used for this report . "  In here , it 's our own little piece of paradise . We 're safe here . " Michael was released from prison in June . He 's been a familiar face to law enforcement in Florida and Mississippi for the past 20 years , serving prison time for grand theft , drug possession and sexual battery on a child . "  I pray a lot that my victim has been given the opportunity to grow beyond the horrendous problem that I caused for them , " he said . In many ways , the Palace provides him a second chance at life . New laws across the country have limited where sex offenders and predators can live , banning them from places where children might congregate . This trailer park is far enough away from schools , churches , playgrounds and bus stops , allowing Michael to call it home without running afoul of the law . Watch "  there 's no better place " than here " "  As a sex offender -- when you come out , you 're told you ca n't do this ; you ca n't be around children ; you ca n't go to parks ; you ca n't go to the beach ; you ca n't go to the library , " he said . Nearly 600 sex offenders have lived here in the past couple of years , according to manager Nancy Morais , who said she was sexually assaulted by a family member as a little girl . Not only does she allow the sex offenders to live here , she also offers therapy to help them become part of society again . "  Put him on the right track , and we have a better chance of seeing society be a little bit safer with this person , " she said . "  Can I guarantee they 're all gon na be good ? Of course not . " Some experts agree that it is hope as much as fear that keeps offenders from relapsing . "  You have to offer people hope if you expect them to change , " said psychologist Don Sweeney , who works with the residents here . "  If society only wants to tear them down and does n't show them any way back , then all help is lost in their minds , and they are more likely to relapse . " Morais is allowed by the trailer park 's owner to house the offenders . The owner , The R2 Property Company , would not talk to CNN for this story . Morais said she carefully screens all her potential "  guests , " even with their unsavory pasts . "  If they come into our program , I would look them close in the eye and will tell them very clearly : ` You want to do good ? I will do whatever I can to help you do good , ' " she said . " ` You mess up , I 'm not gon na cry when you are handcuffed and they are taking you away . ' " Morais charges each offender $ 400 per month , which includes all utilities . Most have roommates , with up to three or four per trailer . But not everyone who lives here feels safe knowing they are surrounded by convicted sex offenders . One resident , who asked not to be identified , railed against the trailer park 's management for not informing them from the outset about this rehabilitation program . "  They told us nothing . My place is worth nothing now , " the resident said , speaking in a whisper . Another woman said she had no problem living among the offenders , but she said it comes with consequences : She wo n't allow her grandchildren on the premises . Others do n't seem to mind . Teresa Atkins moved into the Palace a year ago . She is not an offender and did n't know , at the time , that almost half of her neighbors were . "  I 'm very safe here . None of these men want to go back to jail . They will do anything to keep from going to jail , " she said . Because of the number of sex offenders , there is a constant police presence in the park . "  We make sure that they know we are going to be an influence in here , " said Sgt. Judy Vovan , who supervises the Sexual Predator and Offender Tracking unit for the Pinellas County Sheriff 's Office . "  They 're gon na see us in here very , very frequently , and we 're gon na make sure they are abiding by the registration requirements . " On this particular day , Vovan and deputy Tammy Nixon are going door to door at the Palace . They ensure that all offenders are properly registered . The deputies said more offenders are coming to the park from all over Florida . "  There are people living in this park that have no ties to Pinellas County . We are very much aware of that , " said Vovan . Across the trailer park , Bill Sylvis , the maintenance supervisor , is sanding down a two-by-four . Morais hired him to do repairs at the aging , rundown facility , when he was released from prison in January for sexual assault of a child under 16 . "  I was gon na do whatever it took , get my own little cabinet shop , furniture shop going , " he said , speaking through a microphone he holds up to his throat . Cancer took away his ability to speak . But no one would hire him , he said . "  We 're the bottom of the barrel . They do n't want us around . They feel insecure , whatever , unsafe you know . " So far , only one offender who has lived here has re-offended , according to authorities . That man tried to set up a photo shoot with a child on the property . One of his neighbors , a fellow sexual offender , turned him in . E-mail to a friend	95 of 200 residents of Florida trailer park are convicted sex offenders Sex offender named Michael says trailer park is "  paradise " One resident objects : "  My place is worth nothing now " Authorities monitor park constantly , say offenders coming from all over state
PEOPLE.com  -- Just how telling are 140 characters ? Amid new tabloid reports of infidelity by Ashton Kutcher , and trouble in his marriage to Demi Moore , the two -- who are currently on different coasts -- have curbed their prolific Tweeting in some possibly telling ways . On September 23 , Moore shared a quote from Greek philosopher Epictetus , writing , "  When we are offended at any man 's fault , turn to yourself & study your own failings . Then you will forget your anger . " The pair also spent their sixth wedding anniversary -- September 24 -- apart . Kutcher arrived in San Diego on September 23 for a weekend of partying with his former That '70s Show costar Danny Masterson . Among their stops : Fluxx nightclub , where they had a VIP table . The actor also refrained from Tweeting anything on his wedding anniversary . PHOTOS : Ashton & Demi : Inside Their Marriage Moore , 48 , has been in New York City to promote the short film she directed as part of Lifetime 's TV anthology , "  Five . " The actress attended the premiere along with Jennifer Aniston , who also directed a short , on Monday night . Kutcher , 33 , who recently returned to TV in "  Two and a Half Men " was in Los Angeles , where he presented an award to Ryan Seacrest Tuesday night during L.A. 's Promise Gala 2011 . The actors ' reps have not commented yet . The couple , who began dating in 2003 and married in 2005 , dealt with rumors of infidelity and marital trouble a year ago . At the time , they took a trip to Israel for what the actor described as a spiritual journey . See full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore are currently on different coasts The pair also spent their sixth wedding anniversary apart Moore , 48 , has been in New York City to promote "  Five "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Congress adjourned for the summer on Thursday without passing a relief package for farmers and ranchers suffering through the most widespread drought since the 1930s . The only thing the Republican-controlled House of Representatives and the Democratic-controlled Senate have agreed on is that they 'll take the issue up again after Labor Day . "  We need drought assistance , but instead we 're just going to sit here in gridlock , " said Jess Peterson , executive vice president of the U.S. Cattlemen 's Association . "  It 's kind of disappointing . " Little hope for worsening drought in U.S. Plains Most farmers devastated by the drought are getting help from federally assisted insurance policies . But a number of livestock producers are in serious trouble . Why ? A decision by Congress four years ago to pass a five-year farm bill that eliminated key federal livestock support programs in 2012 instead of 2013 . Congress "  had it expire because they wanted the gimmick to keep the cost of the last farm bill down , " said Steve Ellis , vice president of the group Taxpayers for Common Sense . Now , in the midst of a brutal drought , "  it turned around and really bit them in the behind . " Feeling pressure to do something before leaving Washington for the summer , House GOP leaders managed to pass a narrowly tailored $ 383 million disaster relief bill restoring expired programs for livestock , certain trees , honeybees and farm-raised fish . The measure , funded by cutting spending on conservation programs , passed in a 223-197 vote . Thirty-five Democrats backed the measure , while 46 Republicans opposed it . Rank-and-file Democrats were quick to note that House Republicans came to power in the 2010 election promising reform , not fast fixes . More Congress : Congress closes loophole in stock trading law after CNN report "  You want to hand  money  out to whoever comes to town and begs for it , go right ahead , " said Rep. Jared Polis , D-Colorado . "  I have some rooftop terrace restaurants in my district . Give them some while you 're at it . That 's not a solution  to  the underlying problem . " In June , the Senate passed a comprehensive new five-year farm bill renewing the livestock programs in question while cutting the deficit by roughly $ 23 billion . The bill cuts the deficit through reforms such as the replacement of direct payments to farmers with more taxpayer-subsidized crop insurance for farmers in need . The measure passed in a rare bipartisan 64-35 vote . The House GOP , however , remains sharply split on the merits of such a bill . A similar multiyear measure passed the House Agriculture Committee but has since stalled . Some tea party conservatives want to cut spending more deeply , while a number of Farm Belt Republicans -- fearing political vulnerability and constituent pressure -- continue to push hard for immediate federal relief for livestock producers . USDA : Drought has made more than half of U.S. counties disaster zones "  Our livestock guys take just as much risk as any other farmer or rancher out there , and they need to have some kind of protection in situations like these , " freshman Rep. Kristi Noem , R-South Dakota , told CNN . "  We ca n't gamble with people 's lives and businesses . " Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , admitted this week that "  the House is pretty well divided " on the issue . "  Frankly , " he told reporters , "  I have n't seen  a majority of  218 votes in the middle to pass a farm bill . " Senate Democrats , with the backing of groups such as the Cattlemen 's Association , have shown little willingness to adopt the narrower House plan and abandon their multiyear farm measure . "  If we get out in the real world , that 's not what we 're hearing from farmers and ranchers , " said Senate Agriculture Committee Chairwoman Debbie Stabenow , D-Michigan . "  They want us to get our job done . They want a five-year farm bill . They want us to address disaster assistance . I intend to do both . " Livestock producers caught in a Capitol crunch Stressing the need to provide "  long-term certainty , " Stabenow urged the House to pass a full farm bill and work out its differences with the Senate . She blasted House Republicans for "  trying to play politics . " For their part , consumers can count on rising food prices next year if Congress does nothing , Peterson told CNN . He urged the House to adopt a plan similar to the Senate 's . The House approach is to "  kick the can " down the road , he said . "  It 's not how business should be conducted ... It 's very shortsighted . " Complete coverage : U.S. drought	Congress went into summer recess without agreement on a drought relief package The Democratic-controlled Senate passed a five-year plan with several reforms The Republican-controlled House passed a more narrowly tailored bill to restore a few expired programs Congress will take the issue up again when it reconvenes in September
Washington  CNN  -- The top Republican on the House Oversight Committee is moving to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress for failing to cooperate in the panel 's investigation of the controversial "  Operation Fast and Furious " weapons sting . Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , sent a 17-page memo and a draft contempt resolution to members of his committee Thursday , outlining what he argued was Justice Department 's "  refusal " to comply with the panel 's probe to get information about the sting . The program , run by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , allowed weapons to be purchased illegally in order to track them to senior drug cartel members , but agents lost track of hundreds of weapons in the process . Issa indicated the committee may vote on the measure in an upcoming session , setting up a major confrontation between the Republican-led House and the Obama administration . The Justice Department firmly rejected the committee 's publicly released document . In a letter to Issa , Deputy Attorney General James Cole wrote that the department hopes to find a "  mutually acceptable resolution " to demands for documents , but Issa 's resolution "  appears to express a preference for confrontation over resolution . " "  Viewed fairly , the disagreements between the Committee and the Department over the scope of the document to be produced stem not from a lack of cooperation , but from our sincere and unwavering believe that disclosure of materials related to ongoing criminal investigations and prosecutions could well jeopardize our core law enforcement mission , which must remain free from political pressure or even the appearance of political pressure , " he wrote . "  This is not a novel concept . Cole told Issa the department has handed over 7,600 pages of material related to the botched probe , and Holder has testified about the issue seven times . But he said the committee needs to better define the types of documents it wants Justice to hand over . When word leaked last week that Issa was working on such a resolution , the committee 's top Democrat , Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland , sent the chairman a letter accusing him of pressing the issue for political purposes . "  Holding someone in contempt of Congress is one of the most serious and formal actions our committee can take , and it should not be used as a political tool to generate press as part of an election-year witch hunt against the Obama administration , " Cummings wrote . But in a Thursday interview on Fox News , Issa said , "  We 're running out of patience . " He accused the Justice Department of a "  coverup , " but indicated he was still giving the department a chance to hand over the materials . "  If they do n't , then I have the support of leadership to do what we have to do , " Issa said . If the Oversight Committee approves a contempt resolution , the measure could then go to the House floor for a full vote . But CNN has been told that Issa has no firm plans yet to hold a committee vote , hoping instead that the threat will pressure Holder to provide the documents the Republicans want . "  While there are very legitimate arguments to be made in favor of such an action , no final decision has been made about moving forward yet by GOP leaders , " a senior House GOP leadership aide said when asked about the timing of a potential vote in the House on the matter . Last week , House Speaker John Boehner deflected questions on any vote , deferring to Issa 's investigation . "  I continue to support their efforts and believe that this Justice Department must be held accountable , " Boehner said . In an effort to paint Issa 's efforts as politically motivated , a Democratic government source noted that Issa and other GOP lawmakers protested when the House voted to hold Bush administration officials in contempt in 2008 . But an Issa aide said the two issues are completely different : The 2008 dispute involved officials who worked in the White House and claimed executive privilege , the aide said , while Issa is seeking information from an agency over which Congress has oversight . The committee memo accuses the Justice Department of "  reckless conduct " and notes that it has pressed the department for answers for more than a year about the operation and how it related to the death of Border Control Agent Brian Terry in 2010 . Terry was shot near the Arizona border by an illegal immigrant . Two AK-47s recovered at the scene were traced back to a database of weapons bought by a straw purchaser and then smuggled into Mexico in an operation that resulted in the loss of hundreds of weapons . After Terry 's death , the Justice Department initially denied allegations in a letter to Congress that it was illegally allowing the flow of weapons to members of Mexican drug rings . But it acknowledged the program about a year later , calling it "  fundamentally flawed . " Holder has since vowed that guns will not be allowed to "  walk " from gun shops near the border with Mexico . In February , Holder told Congress the Justice Department was still doing its internal inquiry , but stated that officials could be fired for improper conduct . "  I can assure you those people will be removed from federal service , " he vowed . Issa 's memo notes that while the Justice Department has provided some materials to Capitol Hill , most of the information about "  Fast and Furious " came though whistle-blowers and media reports . The Oversight Committee approved a subpoena sent to Holder in October 2011 with 22 categories of documents it wanted to see , but the committee says it has only received materials relating to 12 of those categories . "  For over a year , the department has issued false denials , given answers intended to misdirect investigators , sought to intimidate witnesses , unlawfully withheld subpoenaed documents , and waited to be confronted with indisputable evidence before acknowledging uncomfortable facts , " the memo states . Cole said Justice has provided more documents to its Inspector General 's office , which is conducting its own investigation of "  Fast and Furious . " And cited internal legal opinions dating back to the Reagan administration to argue against disclosing some documents to Congress . Specifically , the committee is pressing for documents that shed light on why the Justice Department first denied and then acknowledged the program . It also wants more information on which senior Justice Department officials knew about the operation and who approved it , as well as why the various law enforcement agencies allegedly failed to communicate with each other about the operation . Issa 's committee has been holding a joint investigation with the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa . Grassley said he supported Issa 's move to press for a contempt resolution , and urged the Justice Department to "  come clean . " "  The attorney general and the Justice Department are thumbing their nose at the constitutional authority provided to the legislative branch to conduct oversight , " Grassley said in a written statement . The controversy over the operation has prompted some GOP members on the Hill to call for Holder 's resignation , and more than 100 House Republicans signed onto a resolution of "  no confidence " against the attorney general -- a largely symbolic gesture that is less serious than a contempt resolution .	NEW : Justice says it has cooperated extensively with "  Fast and Furious " probe Issa 's committee may vote on a contempt of Congress resolution The ATF operation allowed weapons to be purchased illegally The aim was to track the arms to senior drug cartel measures
CNN  -- South African police arrested 59 people in Johannesburg overnight following postelection protests , authorities said Saturday . Police used rubber bullets to disperse the protesters , who burned tires in the township of Alexandria . "  Peace and calm has been restored in the community of Alexandra , " said Police Brig. Neville Malila . All those arrested will appear in court Monday , he said . The African National Congress won the general election , holding on to power despite economic woes and corruption allegations . Provisional results show the ruling party got 62.2 % of the vote . The Democratic Alliance placed a distant second with 22.2 % of the vote , while four other parties split the rest . Millions voted Wednesday to pick 400 members of Parliament as well as representatives in new legislatures in the nation 's nine provinces , according to the South African Press Association . The electoral commission reported just over 73 % turnout among the nation 's 25 million registered voters . The ANC has governed for 20 years and still enjoys widespread support after the defeat of the apartheid system and the beginning of democracy in South Africa . But its popularity has taken a hit amid various scandals , including allegations of President Jacob Zuma misusing more than $ 20 million of public money in improvements to his sprawling rural homestead in Nkandla . He has denied any wrongdoing . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Robyn Curnow and Lonzo Cook contributed to this report .	Police used rubber bullets to disperse the protesters They burned tires in a Johannesburg township All those arrested will appear in court Monday
She traveled the world with her husband for 22 months without major mishap , but a month after returning to the United States , Leanne Hecht Bearden is missing after she went for a walk . A search is under way in Texas , northeast of San Antonio , for the Denver woman who took a stroll almost a week ago and has not returned to her in-laws ' residence where she and husband , Josh , were staying . "  While we are very concerned for Ms. Bearden 's welfare , there is no indication at this time that this is criminal in nature , " the Garden Ridge Police Department said in a statement . Bearden , 33 , went missing Friday in the early afternoon , and police are encouraging the public to provide any information . While family and friends and say "  police are engaged " in this case and are being "  diligent in their efforts , " they have decided to take the search into their own hands and have hired private helicopters to help look for Bearden . Her brother , Michael Hecht , told CNN two helicopters searched for nearly three hours Thursday following ground searches the previous two days . "  It 's baffling right now about what happened . Maybe she fell and hurt herself . You start thinking about things . I do n't think she had any enemies . She is loved very much , " Hecht said . Bearden and her husband had just returned to the United States in December after spending nearly two years traveling around the world . They documented their journey in a blog . She and her husband of four years were supposed to fly to their home in Denver on Tuesday to resume job searches . Hecht said upon returning to the United States the couple had spent a short time in Georgia , then went to Texas for a few weeks to visit Josh 's family . He said they were working to find jobs in Denver , where the couple was married and had settled . "  Her poor husband is just devastated , " said Hecht . Josh Bearden told CNN affiliate KENS-TV , "  She left on her own free will . That is what she did . That is absolutely true , but what happened after she left the house on her own free will I do n't know . " Garden Ridge police have sent out a "  Missing Person Alert . " According to the department 's website , they were contacted January 17 at about 5:20 p.m. when Bearden did n't return home . Garden police said a formal search in the community will occur Saturday . "  Officials are asking that private volunteers and volunteer organizations refrain from searching this immediate area so not to interfere with the search or contaminate the area , " police said Thursday . "  Garden Ridge Police Department , Comal County Sheriff 's Office , Comal County Constables , Schertz Police Department , Texas Rangers and Bracken First Responders will be supporting with the rescue . " Lt. Mark Reynolds of the Comal County Sheriff 's Office said his agency is " assisting in any way we can " but could n't provide details .	Leanne Hecht Bearden is missing after she went for a walk from relative 's home She and her husband just spent 22 months traveling world Police do n't believe there 's foul play Family hires helicopters to conduct search ; police will do search Saturday
Every wine lover has a story of the first sip that drew them in . More often than not , it was not a glass a highly complex and expensive Bordeaux . It was likely an unsophisticated yet tantalizing bottle that rocked their world . My gateway drug to wine way back in the day -- Boone 's Farm Strawberry Hill , a saccharine-sweet pink tipple best enjoyed ice cold . And for Beijing-based wine consultant and educator Fongyee Walker , it was that first bottle of grapey Black Tower . "  You look at the American market , and the English market -- they were originally beer and spirits markets just like China . What shifted America ? White Zin . What shifted England ? Black Tower , " she tells me . "  Very grapey and simple , people can understand them and like them . In China , we have n't done that . " In the West , many wine enthusiasts look back fondly to that first fruit-bomb in a glass as our introduction to the world of wine . But in China -- the world 's biggest market for red wine -- consumers have gone from zero to premium Lafite in less than two decades . Tasked with making the nation 's first fine wines , China 's pioneering winemakers have gone for the grandeur and not the "  gateway . " "  The state-owned companies created the wine industry in China . They wanted a Lafite . Not a pink wine , " says Simon Zhou , a Shanghai-based wine distributor and founder of Ruby Red Fine Wine . "  Many wine companies , especially those state-owned companies , are run by people not in the wine business or have little knowledge of winemaking and grape growing , " adds Zhou . "  What they are after is to create something they can be proud and to leave some kind of a legacy . " WATCH : Inside China 's wine country Gifting Zhou says China 's "  legacy " wines were usually dark red with heavy oak and equally heavy packaging . At a cost of $ 80 to $ 245 a bottle , they were sold through state-owned channels for internal use by local governments . Gifting the bottles is a tradition that extends to today , even in the era of austerity amidst Beijing 's crackdown on corruption . "  There 's the market that buys the wine and wo n't be consuming the wine , and the other market which is people who buy the wine and are actual consumers . Both markets are in China , " says Judy Chan , CEO of China 's Grace Vineyard . Grace Vineyard produces some 2 million bottles a year , with retail prices going up to around $ 90 each . Its Chairman 's Reserve and Deep Blue scored impressive ratings from wine guru Robert Parker . "  We planted in 1998 , and now after 17 years of experiments , I think we can make a very decent wine , " Chan tells me . ` Party wine ' Private winemakers like Grace Vineyard are experimenting not to replicate a Lafite , but to craft its own signature style . At her vineyard in Shanxi province , I tasted one of Chan 's experiments -- a flight of pre-filtered sparkling wines all crafted in China . One particular year nabbed the attention of visiting wine industry folk who hailed it the "  party wine " of the tasting . The effervescent and friendly bubbly may very well find its way into the flutes of China 's increasingly curious and open-minded wine consumers . "  I 'm very lucky because I educate and work with people who are getting engaged in wine , " says the Beijing-based Walker . "  Many moons ago ... they talked about Bordeaux and some talked about Burgundy . Now I have students arrive in class and say , ` Well I 've heard about Prosecco and I love drinking it ! ' " Entry-level wines After fast-forwarding from zero to Lafite in less than two decades , China 's wine market is finally doing what it should have done at the beginning . It 's easing back into user-friendly , entry-level wines . Wine distributor Simon Zhou is starting to see even "  big wine " buyers going for more reasonable wines as more Chinese consumers take to wine , and actually drink what they buy . And Walker hopes they will go for the cheap stuff . "  There 's a reason why McDonalds is the most popular restaurant in the world , " she says emphatically . "  I just want to see more people drinking more wine . I do n't care what wine they drink . Just as long as they 're happy . " Here 's to boxed wine making it big in China . Bottoms up .	This month 's "  On China " show examines the country 's love affair with wine CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout hosts a panel of experts at Grace Vineyard , Shanxi China has gone from consuming next to no wine to world 's biggest market for red Focus is on premium red wine like Lafite , market for cheaper wine under-developed
CNN  -- Cowering in a school restroom stall , young Charles D'Angelo would eat his lunch alone to escape classmates bullying him about his weight . A woman at his Catholic school 's rectory let him watch the news with her during his break instead of playing outside . After losing 160 pounds , Charles D'Angelo got a shirtless picture of himself shown in Cosmopolitan . During high school , he got a doctor 's note to excuse him from physical education . After years of overeating and under-exercising , he ballooned to around 360 pounds and felt depressed . But before-and-after photos he posted on iReport.com show how the St. Louis , Missouri , resident transformed himself from overweight teen to muscular man . Now a fitness coach , his mission in life is to make exercise fun so that kids will want to stay healthy . "  I 'm not saying ` poor me , ' but I went through a lot of pain and terrible days , " D'Angelo said . "  I do believe that if my story can help others , then I 'll do what it takes . " The need for better health habits seems greater than ever . More than 17 percent of youths ages 12 to 19 were estimated to be obese after a 2003-2006 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study . That number was just 5 percent in the late 1970s . When D'Angelo was 17 , he decided to get in shape . He initially focused on weightlifting and gym workouts to build up his muscles , calling the iPod one of the best products ever invented for those seeking to get fit . Growing up in an Italian family had taught him that food and emotions go together , whether at weddings or funerals . He used to munch on junk food during recess , but as he got older , he forced himself to eat planned , healthy meals . iReport.com : Shedding pounds , becoming a fitness coach At 23 years old and a muscular 204 pounds , he has kept his excess weight off for five years and sports a rippling six-pack . He says he even got a shirtless photo of himself showcased in Cosmopolitan magazine . He hopes his success will make him a role model for obese kids , and he tries to come up with fun and supportive ways of exercising . Watch iReporters ` dancasize ' and show off fun workouts " "  I was just scared to death of being tested or compared . I do n't think we should measure people based on how many push-ups can you do , how many sit-ups can you do . " Keeping exercise fun and personally fulfilling is key to helping him stay with his workouts for the long haul . He enjoys watching TV while he works out . Boot camps and other group activities provide the camaraderie he craves . One of his clients owns a local gym that "  looks like an arcade , " which he points to as an example of another way of giving exercise a better image . Wii Fit and Dance Dance Revolution stations are available . D'Angelo also said he feels he would have benefited from more-structured eating habits and routines as a child . Anything that gets the body moving can be good exercise , said Janet Fulton , a CDC epidemiologist . The government recommends the equivalent of 150 minutes of brisk walking or other moderate exercise per week . The time spent can change based on the intensity of the exercise . Fulton said regular workouts help ward off disease and keep weight stable over time . In combination with properly balanced nutrition and caloric intake , increased physical activity can help with weight loss . Whether exercise or nutrition are more responsible for increases in obesity over the last 30 years is unclear , Fulton said , but people seeking to lose weight should focus on both areas and pay attention to what they eat . She suggested doing an enjoyable exercise in the company of others . iReport.com : What 's your fun exercise ? "  Find a buddy , even if you 're walking your dog . You can not only do that , but do it with your family . Be a member of the team and get your social support that way . " Over time , D'Angelo developed confidence , and he says he wants to help others do the same . Dating seemed to be out of the question when he was heavier , but he now has a girlfriend . He says losing the weight and building his confidence have gone hand in hand . Many other iReporters said they also felt bad about exercise as kids and posted their own ideas for pleasurable alternatives that could help beat obesity . Staci Lambert-Westcott of Stephens City , Virginia , took up exercise and fitness to help manage the diabetes she was developing . Getting married and having children made maintaining her weight a challenge . When she got up to 247 pounds and at age 29 , she decided to get fit . Now 37 , she recalls getting an ego boost after losing a significant amount under the cover of winter clothing . When spring came , a neighbor thought Lambert-Westcott 's husband had a new woman in his life . Throughout her personal weight-loss journey , she learned to get over her childhood dislike of exercise . As she lost pounds , she grew more comfortable exercising in public . Lambert-Westcott got to know the owner of her gym and eventually bought the business from him . She had always dreaded going to physical education class , so she tried to offer fun options for women when she was in charge . iReport.com : Bought the gym , lost 135 pounds "  The classes were extremely popular because they were fun , and mom and daughter could come together . While mom was working out , daughter was working with a coach in the back . " Though she eventually sold the gym to go back to school , she continues to work out and maintain her healthy weight . Keeping the pressure off workouts is key , said fellow iReporter Jonathan Lund , 35 , of Duluth , Minnesota . As a fitness trainer at a hospital , he works with everyone from elite athletes to patients at the facility . His experiences as an overweight teen helped show him how to help others be healthy . "  I have to remind myself , it took a lot of work to get these people out of the house and into this club , " he said . He grew up self-conscious about excess weight and felt like he could n't keep up with the other kids . Individual activities such as running helped him take off the weight . "  I never thought I could play sports or do anything like that . I always felt really intimidated by that . I also did n't like the aspect of team sports because it was n't much of a workout because usually , you 'd be sitting on the sidelines and you 'd play for five minutes . " iReport.com : Lund stops to post an iReport at a marathon He now runs marathons but got his start walking and increasing intensity little by little . He describes the long-distance events as "  addictive . " Along the way , Lund has battled a lot of negative thinking about himself . Despite the dozen or so marathons he 's completed , including the Chicago Marathon on Sunday in Illinois and the recent Twin Cities Marathon in Minneapolis , Minnesota , Lund 's insecurities have stuck with him into adulthood . He pushes forward anyway . "  I still feel like a fat kid , even though I 'm not anymore , " he said . "  I feel like I have to keep running in order to keep up . But at the same time , it 's the best therapy that there is . All that negative stuff gets worked out in your mind . "	Readers overcame childhood obesity , dislike of exercise through fun fitness Charles D'Angelo went from hiding out during recess to six-packed man Staci Lambert-Westcott grew more comfortable with exercise , owned a gym iReport.com : How do you make fitness fun for yourself ?
CNN  -- This is n't the first time critics have called New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie a bully . But now the man many consider a Republican presidential frontrunner is on the defensive , scrambling to distance himself from an erupting political scandal that threatens to tarnish his image well before the 2016 elections . E-mails that surfaced Wednesday suggest top Christie appointees orchestrated traffic jams on the George Washington Bridge as part of a political vendetta to punish a local mayor who would n't support him at the polls . Lane closures around approaches to the country 's busiest bridge snarled traffic for days in September in Fort Lee , New Jersey -- a problem the governor and his administration had originally blamed on a mishandled traffic study . In response to the e-mail firestorm , Christie said Wednesday that he was misled by staff . He called the conduct outrageous and said he knew nothing about it . "  This behavior is not representative of me or my administration in any way , " he said , "  and people will be held responsible for their actions . " Even if he had nothing to do with the traffic snarls , the allegations could have serious consequences for Christie , analysts said . "  There 's something about this that 's so petty and so vindictive and it feeds into this narrative that he 's a bully . ... He 's going to have to find some way to defuse this to prove he does n't run a shop like that , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , a former adviser to several U.S. presidents . It 's a defining moment for Christie , CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said . And how he deals with the situation in the next two days -- from whether he fires anyone to what he says -- will be key . "  If he handles it decisively and then he sits down and calmly answers questions and does n't berate the reporters who ask them , then he has a chance to be a leader who dealt with a crisis and he moves on , " King said . "  But if that perception starts to stick in , that 's not a presidential temperament . And that 's bad for him nationally in his perspective . It 's bad for him as he starts his new term in New Jersey . And it 's bad for him with the audience he needs to care about most politically long-term at the moment , and that 's the Republican base that he wants to make him their nominee . " Does this mean Christie 's presidential ambitions are dashed ? "  Not necessarily , " Oxford University historian Timothy Stanley wrote in an opinion piece for CNN.com . "  He 's a resourceful politician and it 's still many months before campaigning starts in earnest . But now his opponents have a stick to beat him with . Best of all , it 's an anti-government stick . If Republicans stand for anything right now , it 's opposing the ability of government to mess with the individual 's life -- and here we have a classic example of politicians taking revenge on each other at the expense of the average citizen . " Political commentators from both sides of the aisle immediately recognized the potential for credibility questions , particularly around Christie 's explanations in recent months about the traffic jams in Fort Lee and previous comments rejecting suggestions of political mischief . "  He 's already cemented a narrative as something of a bully , " said S.E. Cupp , a Republican political strategist and CNN "  Crossfire " host . "  If this was happening in his administration , I do n't think it would shocking . " But , she said , if it "  turns out he 's lying about what he knew or whether he ordered it -- that 's going to be the worst , the most damaging . Because his authenticity is his calling card . " It 's important to ask how much Christie knew , Gergen said , but the reality might be more complicated . "  Sometimes the boss does not order something , " Gergen said , describing the Nixon White House during the Watergate scandal . "  I do n't know whether Nixon ordered Watergate , but I can guarantee you that people who carried out Watergate thought that 's what he would have wanted . There 's an environment in which you find yourself sometimes on staff when things do n't have to be said . You sort of know . " ` Time for some traffic problems ' The correspondence , subpoenaed by Democrats investigating the matter and spiced with tough Jersey political talk and expletives , is the most damaging evidence so far supporting their assertions the move was orchestrated because Fort Lee 's mayor , a Democrat , did n't endorse Christie 's re-election . Mayor Mark Sokolich said the traffic mess created serious hardships for commuters and other residents , and impacted public safety in his community . The exchanges began three weeks before access lanes to the bridge were closed , causing heavy traffic backups between September 9 and 13 , two months before Election Day . "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee , " Bridget Anne Kelly , Christie 's deputy chief of staff for legislative and intergovernmental affairs , said in an e-mail to David Wildstein , then the highest-level appointee representing the state at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates the bridge connecting the two states . "  Got it , " Wildstein replied . In another message about school buses with students onboard caught in the traffic jams , Wildstein writes , "  they are the children of Buono voters , " apparently referring to Barbara Buono , Christie 's Democratic opponent in last November 's gubernatorial election . Those cited in the series of e-mails and text messages did not respond to requests for comment or to verify the communications . Wildstein , who has left his job , is expected to appear at a legislative hearing on Thursday . Read the e-mails Democratic New Jersey Assembly Deputy Speaker John Wisniewski said the e-mails call into question the integrity of the governor 's office . Christie , he said , "  has a lot of explaining to do . " "  I do not believe the governor called the Port Authority and said , ` Close some lanes . ' But I did say I hold him responsible for the atmosphere . Now finding that that atmosphere existed in his own office is what I find really troubling , " Wisniewski said . Christie 's name did not appear in the e-mails , he added . Emergency services disrupted Sokolich told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " the e-mails suggested that political motives behind the lane closures have led him to believe that Christie is more clued-in than he 's admitted . "  I 'm rooting that the highest elected official in the state of New Jersey is n't involved . But I 'm beginning to question my judgment , " Sokolich said . The mayor raised the issue of public safety being compromised . A letter by his emergency services coordinator , Paul Favia , on September 10 obtained by CNN cited "  new traffic patterns " around the bridge 's toll plaza that were backing up traffic in Fort Lee . "  This new traffic pattern is causing unnecessary delays for emergency services to arrive on scene for medical emergencies , " Favia said , citing one case in which paramedics rushing to aid an unconscious elderly woman suffering a heart attack were held up and had to meet the ambulance transporting the victim at the hospital instead of at the scene . She later died . Details surrounding the woman 's death have n't been released . But the situation could deepen Christie 's political woes , Gergen said . "  If a woman died here , " Gergen said , "  he 's in deep , deep trouble . " Other documents raise questions , too Controversy tarnishes Christie 's image -- opinion Democrats swarm Christie is now campaigning for fellow GOP governors as chairman of the Republican Governors Association and is seen as prime political target for national Democrats . They rarely attacked him during his re-election campaign but are now becoming more aggressive with the bridge controversy unfolding . "  These revelations are troubling for any public official , but they also indicate what we 've come to expect from Governor Christie - when people oppose him , he exacts retribution . When people question him , he belittles and snidely jokes . And when anyone dares to look into his administration , he bullies and attacks , " said Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the Democratic National Committee chair , in a statement . A source close to Christie said "  there will probably be some sacrificial firing and that 'll be it . " CNN 's John Crawley , Jake Tapper , Paul Steinhauser , Alan Silverleib , Stephanie Kotuby , and Dana Davidsen contributed to this report . Watch The Lead with Jake Tapper weekdays at 4pm ET . For the latest on The Lead with Jake Tapper click here .	NEW : Gergen : "  It feeds into this narrative that he 's a bully " NEW : King : "  If that perception starts to stick in , that 's not a presidential temperament " Top aides to Gov. Chris Christie communicate about lane closures to George Washington Bridge Christie says he knew nothing about what transpired ; mayor says e-mails raise credibility questions
CNN  -- Five-time champion Venus Williams has pulled out of next week 's Wimbledon championships because of injury . The 33-year-old has not missed a tournament at the grass court finals since making her debut in 1997 but has struggled with a back injury in recent months . "  Unfortunately , I will not be able to participate in Wimbledon this year , " the American wrote on her Facebook page . "  I am extremely disappointed as I have always loved The Championships , but I need to take time to let my back heal . I look forward to returning to the courts as soon as possible . " Williams suffered her earliest French Open exit in 12 years last month when she crashed to a first-round defeat to Poland 's Urszula Radwanska . She said her back had troubled her during the match and then pulled out of the doubles with her sister Serena , the world number one , because of the problem . In March , the seven-time grand slam champion was forced out of the Miami Masters because of the same injury to her lower back . Venus ' withdrawal denies the world No. 34 the chance to get ahead of Serena at the championships , with both sisters tied on five singles titles apiece . Venus , who lost in the first round for the first time last year , won her titles in 2000 , 2001 , 2005 , 2007 and 2008 , while Serena is the defending champion . Serena aside , the women 's field only has two other ladies that have managed to win the title : Maria Sharapova , who succeeded in 2004 , and 2011 champion Petra Kvitova . Despite her recent injury troubles , Venus ' opponents may be relieved by the absence of a player who last contested the final in 2009 , when she was beaten by her younger sister . "  My goal  is  to return on July 8 in Washington , " the elder Williams said . "  Many thanks to my fans for the love and support and I will be seeing you very soon back on the courts . " Venus ' absence means she will be unable to defend the doubles title she won last year with Serena , their fifth triumph at Wimbledon . The duo , who have contested four singles finals against one another at Wimbledon , also triumphed on Center Court last year when winning a gold medal in the doubles at the London Olympics .	Venus Williams withdraws from Wimbledon champions because of injury Back problem caused her problems at last month 's French Open in Paris 2013 championships will be first Venus has missed since Wimbledon debut in 1997
CNN  -- He may not be hitting the fairways with the same bite as he did in his 1980s heyday , but the man sports commentators nicknamed "  The Great White Shark " still has plenty of appetite for the game . Plenty of bite : Norman is one of golf 's most successful and recognizable stars . Earlier this month Greg Norman appeared in the British Open , 23 years after his debut major win . Yet while he 's still driving for success on the course , off it he 's taken his life in a different direction . Under his Great White Shark Enterprises company he has numerous business ventures from property , golf course design and turfing to restaurants , wine and even Australian beef . "  There are very , very few athletes that do that on a global basis and to do it takes a lot of energy . You have to be on the ball , you have to be because you are the brand , you are that person walking around , " he told CNN . Unlike many sports people thinking about their life after sport , he made the conscious decision that he did n't want to end up in a commentary box after his days on the links . "  I think it just grew out of reality , being very much realistic in my 40s . I knew I did n't want to play golf for the rest of my life professionally . I knew physically I could n't do it as number 1 , so I had to think to the future . I wanted to know where I was going to be when I was 60 , " he said . Now 54 , Norman took up golf at the age of 15 . During his career he spent 331 weeks as the game 's number 1-ranked player . Having hit the heights with two British Open titles and a total of 20 U.S. PGA wins , he also suffered his share of disappointments , losing leads and never clinching a U.S. Masters or U.S. Open . "  With golf , you 're going to have your ups and downs . You 're going to win some , you 're going to lose some , " he said . And it 's a reflectively mentality he 's taken with him into the business world . "  You have to learn by your mistakes , and in business I 've made mistakes . You learn by it , and you build on those mistakes . ... By learning how to build a brand , I had to learn about business . So . ... all that tied into one , and I enjoy the process . I enjoy the idea of being the brand , living the brand . " Away from being the brand , a high-profile wedding in June 2008 to retired American tennis champion Chris Evert  after both had ended long term marriages  provided headlines away from the back pages . For Norman , Evert has given his life , and even his golfing game , new impetus . "  She 's been a great support and a role model in a lot of ways ... She brings a lot of peace and calm and happiness around in my life , so it makes it easy for me to go out there and enjoy the things I love to do , " he said . One of which is expanding his brand into new and challenging territories , including bringing more opportunities to China 's growing number of golfers . "  Golf is a great outlet in many ways , you know . It 's got a lot of emotional qualities about it , and the Chinese are very , very strong in their mind . They 're very , very strong in their belief in doing something . And I think golf completely suits their mentality and style and their physical abilities , " he said .	Australian golfer spent 331 weeks as world number 1 ; won two British Open titles His business ventures include golf course design and restaurants Married to retired American tennis star Chris Evert Looking to China to expand his Great White Shark brand businesses
CNN  -- I have smoked pot . Not today or this week , or even this month , but I have . I 'm telling you this because before I begin talking about the pot-smoking habits of others , I thought it would only be right that I first owned up to my own past use . Maybe this will encourage others to be a bit more honest because , like it or not , admitting to smoking pot is bound to get a lot less scandalous . Three states -- Colorado , Washington and Oregon -- have marijuana legalization proposals on the ballot , and it wo n't be surprising if at least one of them passes . Not medical marijuana , mind you , but the regulation and selling of small quantities for recreational use . If you thought Nirvana and Pearl Jam put Seattle on the map , legal marijuana will make it out of this world . And I promise that will be my last pot joke , although being silly about pot illustrates why it 's taken this long for the country to begin adult conversations about marijuana , and not just knee-jerk rhetoric based on fear instead of facts . When President Nixon signed the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act , officially starting the so-called war on drugs , it was largely in response to pot-smoking hippies and Vietnam vets coming home addicted to heroin . Nixon budgeted $ 100 million to fight what he called public enemy No. 1 -- illegal drugs . In 2010 , it was $ 15 billion . A trillion dollars has been spent on the war on drugs since it began . Two government reports released last year had difficulty proving the billions being spent are making a big difference . In 1970 , the federal government listed pot to be more harmful than cocaine and meth . We now know that is n't true . That 's not to say legalizing pot is without risks ; it has been shown to impair concentration . But one study found alcohol was by far the most dangerous drug , followed by heroin and crack . Weed rated far down the list . So why do we continue to allow the Nixon administration 's hatred of hippies to influence what we think about drug usage today ? I do n't know how much or how little tax revenue is actually going to come from state-sanctioned pot , but to me that 's not the point . The issue is n't how much money the government can make from pot sales , but rather , are the reasons why pot was originally classified as illegal still valid today ? Now that we have studies that debunk the myth of longtime impairment from using pot , now that we see how ineffective the government has been in keeping pot off the streets , now that we have seen the gangland violence of drug cartels , should we still be looking at marijuana the way we did 40 years ago ? In the 1928 presidential election , Herbert Hoover crushed his opponent , Al Smith , winning 40 states , in part because Smith was demonized as "  the cocktail president . " Smith was in favor of repealing the 18th Amendment -- Prohibition -- while Hoover believed he must enforce the law . It 's hard to imagine today , but alcohol was so vilified then there was an actual Prohibition Party dedicated to keeping it illegal . Members even endorsed their own candidate for president . Yet , just five years after that election , alcohol was legal . And even though Hoover lost his bid for re-election , he did so supporting the repeal . That 's how quickly things can change . And that bit of history is what makes the results of these three states so fascinating . No one expects President Obama or Mitt Romney to come out in support of legalized marijuana within the next few days , but what will the conversation be like four years from now ? If the nation can go from upholding Prohibition to "  drink up " in an election cycle , why could n't 2016 feature the first pro-pot president ? Especially if next week 's results are , shall we say , favorable ? Voting for a candidate solely because he or she lets you light up is stupid , but if all other things are equal , are we ready to vote to legalize marijuana the way our grandparents voted to legalize alcohol ? I think we are , but then one could say I 'm a bit biased . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson smoked pot , says admitting it not much of a scandal anymore Three states have proposals to legalize recreational pot , omen of things to come , he says Granderson : Myths about its harmful effects are debunked , war on pot is n't working Why keep it illegal ? Prohibition ended , so can the ban of using small amounts of weed , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Warren Buffett is so sure that Hillary Clinton will win the presidency in 2016 , he is willing to wager some of his $ 58.2 billion net worth . "  Hillary is going to win , yeah , " Buffett , a outspoken Clinton supporter , said at Fortune 's Most Powerful Women Summit . "  I will bet money on it . And I do n't do that easily . " But while Clinton has said she is thinking about running for president , she has yet to announce . Buffett suggested on Tuesday that her announcement is a forgone conclusion . "  Hillary is going to run , " said the chairman and chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway , later adding that "  she is going to announce as late as possible . " "  I do n't see how you could have anybody better qualified , " Buffett told CNN 's Poppy Harlow in an interview . "  I like what she believes in . ... I think she 's extraordinarily able and energetic for that matter in pushing those beliefs . " Buffett has long supported Clinton -- he donated $ 2,000 to her Senate campaign in 2000 . But the investor from Omaha , Nebraska , supported Clinton and then-Sen . Barack Obama in their fight for the Democratic nomination in 2008 . Buffett was less sure about which Republicans would run for president , he said at the fortune event . "  I do n't know , " he said . "  Her opponent will be whoever wins the Republican primary and there are going to be a lot of people who want to do it . "	Buffett told an audience , "  Hillary is going to win , yeah " He is so sure of it , he was willing to bet : "  I will bet money on it . And I do n't do that easily " Buffett supported both Obama and Clinton in 2008
CNN  There 's one big debut and several finales coming up in a busy week of television . The newest late night entry is one of six things we think you should tune in to this week . 1 . ` The Late Late Show with James Corden , ' Monday to Friday , 12:35 a.m. ET , CBS Who is James Corden , you might ask ? He 's a household name in the United Kingdom , best known here for "  Into the Woods " and "  Doctor Who . " He 's also the brand-new host of the CBS "  Late Late Show , " replacing Craig Ferguson . His first show promises a fresh take on late night talk shows , especially with avant garde comedian and rapper Reggie Watts leading the house band . So far , Corden already has scored quite a coup for his first show : Tom Hanks will be his first guest . With so many late night shows out there , Corden hopes he can stand out thanks to his time slot . "  I think in the time slot we 're in , we have a carte blanche in a way to make a looser show and for it to feel like a more fun environment , " Corden told The Hollywood Reporter . If Corden 's promos are any indication , we 're in for something different . 2 . ` Pretty Little Liars , ' Tuesday , 8 p.m. ET , ABC Family After five seasons , 120 episodes , 123 texts and nine deaths , fans will find out just who has been tormenting the "  liars " all this time : The identity of "  A " will be revealed ! At least that 's what ABC Family promises for Tuesday night 's season finale . 3 . ` The Mindy Project , ' Tuesday , 9:30 p.m. ET , Fox This season has been a big one for doctor Mindy Lahiri  Mindy Kaling  -- she moved to California and she 's having a baby after all . Little has been revealed about this week 's season finale , but the episode 's title , "  Best Man , " suggests there could be a wedding involved . 4 . ` Inspector Gadget , ' Friday , Netflix Go Gadget go ! A brand new series for a new generation hits Netflix this week . Little has been revealed about Netflix 's foray into kids ' programming with a dash of nostalgia . 5 . ` Hart of Dixie , ' Friday , 8:00 p.m. ET , CW The Rachel Bilson primetime soap airs what could be its final episode . 6 . ` Saturday Night Live , ' Saturday , 11:29 p.m. ET , NBC After three weeks off , "  SNL " returns with "  Furious 7 " star Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson hosting this week 's show with musical guest George Ezra .	James Corden breaks into late night on Monday as new "  Late Late Show " host Corden is a household name in the UK and will take over Craig Ferguson 's show Big finales this week include "  Girls , " "  Mindy Project , " "  Pretty Little Liars "
Shahe , Yunnan  CNN  -- "  Stand to attention , " barked the class monitor as we walked into the classroom at the Shahe Primary School , an hour 's drive from the county seat of Tengchong , a remote region in China 's Yunnan Province . On cue , the 30 or so second-grade pupils stood up and greeted us with wide grins and smiling eyes . I had joined a group of leading educators and volunteers from the Teach For All global network , which places volunteer teachers in disadvantaged schools in 32 different countries . They had gathered in Tengchong for their annual conference . We took a side trip to observe in one of the elementary schools that served Shahe 's 3,800 villagers and sat in on a mathematics class . To kick off the morning session , the female teacher asked volunteers to step forward and pretend to be "  passengers " in a bus . Several pupils "  boarded " , a few got off , and a few more got on as the class shouted a running count of the "  passengers . " The teacher spent the rest of the 40-minute class teaching the basics of addition and subtraction , frequently leading the pupils in reciting drills . Through the session , pupils sat still , listened attentively and answered questions often in unison . Initially , I was put off by what seemed like rehearsed recitation and learning by rote . "  Old habits , " a local teacher said . But later , I understood why . "  It has something to do with collective culture in China , " said Susan Wang , a graduate of Zhejiang Normal University , who had taught in public schools . "  We ... believe in the importance of reciting repetitively . When a book is read a hundred times , a Chinese idiom goes , its meaning becomes naturally clear . "  That 's why from childhood we are taught to recite poetry -- you can at least recite , if not write , poetry . "  For subjects like math , it 's helpful because it 's about remembering pithy formulas . Teachers even make up doggerels  rhymes  to help memorize them . " For me , my experience in the Shahe classroom illustrates the pros and cons of China 's education system . "  Chinese schools excel in knowledge-based teaching , " said Junheng Li , author of "  Tiger Woman on Wall Street . " "  For subjects like math and grammar , this is very important , especially in a child 's early years of schooling . " Li , who attended public schools while growing up in Shanghai , said this intense focus on academics "  cultivates strong discipline , work ethics and stamina . " The Shahe pupils impressed me and fellow observers as disciplined and well-behaved . When I took out my camera , they gladly posed and flashed V signs . Many gathered around me to look at their digital photos . Their eyes sparkled with curiosity . They exuded pent-up energy and hunger for knowledge . "  Except for the migrants , our kids are not as hungry , " noted an educator for Teach for Austria . "  Here one billion people are hungry , trying to reach the top . " But this traditional teaching method has its downside . It emphasizes lectures and learning by rote , instead of more give-and-take in the classroom . As in many Chinese schools , it 's mostly about tests and exams . "  Education was a series of hoops to jump through , not a process of self-improvement or self - discovery , " said Li , the author . The "  gaokao " system -- the annual nationwide college entrance and virtually the sole determinant whether a student goes to college -- has largely contributed to this blind cut-throat competition that involves students , parents and teachers . "  For years leading up to gaokao , Chinese kids are tested and ranked on a narrow set of subjects , leading to incessant and often bitter competition , " Li explained . "  This has engendered a society bent on self-promotion . " In some cases , experts said , that has led to cases of bribery and cheating during the exams . While Chinese students may be strong in basic education and passing exams , they are weak in creativity and innovation . Because the system is geared towards getting high scores in exams , students with special talents are often lost as "  under-achievers . " Many educators now acknowledge the system no longer suits the next stage of China 's growth . They consider overhaul of the education system to be critical to China 's economic growth and to achieving its goal of competing with the U.S. and other advanced countries in science , technology and innovation . Educational reforms still have a long way to go , but some changes are underway . To relieve students of heavy load , the Ministry of Education last August issued a 10-point decree , stipulating fewer exams , no written homework , no teaching during spare time or holidays and a compulsory hour of physical exercise daily . A long-term blueprint for reform seeks to change the thrust of education by putting a premium on integrating "  learning with thinking " , "  learning with practice " and "  teaching children according to their aptitude . " These goals require a change in mindset . "  The knowledge economy does not pay for what you know but for what you can do with what you know , " said Andreas Schleicher , OECD special advisor on education policy . They also require massive investment in resources . For years , China spent only around 2 % of gross domestic product on education , compared with the minimum 6 % recommended by the United Nations . Since 1993 , I have heard Chinese leaders pledge to raise it to 4 % of GDP . It was only last year when they finally lived up to that promise .	Pupils at remote rural Chinese elementary school are enthusiastic and hungry to learn Rote learning still plays part in China 's education system Chinese students strong in basic education but weaker in creativity Educational reforms still have a long way to go , but some changes are underway .
Twenty-two years later , she has a name . The little girl known only as "  Baby Hope , " whose abused and decomposed body was found in an ice chest by the side of a New York roadway in 1991 , is 4-year-old Anjelica Castillo , New York police announced Saturday . Police also announced the arrest of the man they say killed Anjelica and dumped her body along the Henry Hudson Parkway . The man , Conrado Juarez , 52 , is the girl 's cousin . He has been charged with murder . Detectives from the New York Police Department 's Cold Case Apprehension Squad never stopped searching for answers in the case . Each year , on the anniversary of the July 23 , 1991 , discovery of her body , they would canvass nearby neighborhoods , handing out fliers and asking people for information . Who was the girl ? Who was her family ? Who killed her ? It was an anonymous tip called in after the latest canvass in July that helped crack the case , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . It led detectives to Anjelica 's sister , now an adult ; from there , they identified the woman believed to be the girl 's mother , he said . "  That individual 's actions were the catalyst for this most recent lead , " Kelly said , referring to Juarez 's arrest . He is Anjelica 's cousin on her father 's side . Police arrested Juarez after questioning him near the Manhattan restaurant where he worked as a dishwasher , Kelly said . He was expressionless as police led him in handcuffs past reporters . Juarez admitted to the crime Saturday morning , Kelly said . "  Today , NYPD investigators have given young Anjelica her due justice , " said Chief of Detectives Phil Pulaski . Construction workers found the body of Anjelica -- who was never reported missing -- bound and in a garbage bag , hidden under some soda cans inside a blue and white cooler . She had been smothered and sexually molested , and her body was so badly decomposed that several sketches were made to suggest what she looked like . Two years after she was found , the girl was laid to rest in a donated plot , buried in a white dress bought by a detective 's wife , with a tombstone paid for by detectives . "  Because we care " is the inscription at the bottom of the tombstone , Pulaski said . Juarez , who was 30 at the time of the crime , said he went to an apartment in Queens shared by seven of his relatives and saw Anjelica in the hallway , Kelly said . Juarez told police he smothered her with a pillow while raping her . When the girl went motionless , Juarez told police , he summoned his sister from another room . It was the sister who told Juarez to get rid of the body and who provided the cooler , Kelly said . He then "  folded the girl in half , " tied her , placed her in a garbage bag inside the cooler and placed soda cans on top of her body , said New York Assistant District Attorney Melissa Mourges during Juaraez 's arraignment Saturday night . Juarez and his sister hailed a cab to Manhattan , dropped the cooler off in a wooded area near the parkway , and then went their separate ways , authorities said . The sister , Balvena Juarez Ramirez , is deceased , Kelly said . Retired Det. Jerry Giorgio , who worked on the case from the start , said he was "  elated " at news of the arrest . "  You know the expression , ` I 'm on cloud nine ' ? Well , that 's where I am right now , " Giorgio told reporters . Giorgio told CNN the killer 's identity was out of the blue . He said he was certain the killer was Anjelica 's mother , father , or both . Changes in forensic science also helped propel the investigation , Kelly said . The girl 's body was exhumed in 2006 , and a DNA profile was built in 2011 . Earlier this month the office of the chief medical examiner made a DNA match between the girl and her mother . From there , investigators constructed a family tree , and the trail led them to Juarez , Kelly said . Kelly praised the "  phenomenal persistence " of the detectives who originally worked on the case and those now working with the cold case squad . "  They were unrelenting , " he said .	Juarez , the girl 's cousin , is charged with murder He admitted to the crime Saturday morning , police say A tipster led police to make the arrest , police say
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The cholera epidemic already blamed for more than 1,100 deaths in Haiti could worsen because of poor sanitation in the earthquake-ravaged country , U.S. medical researchers reported Thursday . A lack of treated drinking water , coupled with poor hand hygiene and food-preparation practices , make the 1.3 million people still living in camps particularly vulnerable , according to a new study published by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  The course of the cholera outbreak in Haiti is difficult to predict , " the report states . "  The Haitian population has no pre-existing immunity to cholera , and environmental conditions in Haiti are favorable for its continued spread . " Jordan Tappero , a CDC epidemiologist in Haiti , said Haitian authorities and aid agencies are working to limit the epidemic by emphasizing clean water and sanitation . But he added , "  We expect we will be working very hard for many months to come . " Haiti has not reported a cholera outbreak in more than a century . The current epidemic was first reported in October and has now spread to eight of the Caribbean nation 's 10 provinces , the CDC found . Reports linking the outbreak to Nepalese troops from the U.N. peacekeeping mission MINUSTAH sparked riots in the northern port city of Cap-Haitien on Tuesday . A new round of violent protests erupted Thursday in the capital Port-au-Prince , eyewitnesses told CNN . U.N. officials have denied the Nepalese were to blame for the outbreak . The CDC has said the strain of the cholera bacteria responsible is "  indistinguishable " from one found in other parts of the world , including south Asia , but researchers are unlikely to be able to pinpoint how it arrived in Haiti . "  The reality is that we have a serious problem here , " CDC spokeswoman Lola Russell said . The emphasis is on controlling the outbreak , "  so that more people do not become ill and potentially die from cholera . " The epidemic comes as Haiti -- already the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere -- struggles to recover from the January earthquake that killed more than 200,000 people . Even before the quake , only 12 percent of the Haitian population of 9.8 million received treated tap water and only 17 percent had access to adequate sanitation , the CDC noted . "  The water safety and sanitation systems in Haiti were weak be before the earthquake and made weaker by the earthquake , so conditions are ripe for the further spread of cholera , " Tappero told CNN . Some symptoms of cholera , an acute , bacterial illness caused by drinking tainted water , can be mild or even nonexistent . But the disease can cause profuse watery diarrhea and vomiting , leading to death by rapid dehydration . The heart of the outbreak is the Haitian province of Artibonite , north of Port-au-Prince . Interviews with victims hospitalized in the first days of the outbreak found that two-thirds of them had been drinking untreated water from rivers or canals , the same percentage did not routinely use chlorine to sanitize drinking water and nearly four out of five defecated in the open . And as the current outbreak spreads , infected people could spread the disease further by preparing food without proper hygiene , the CDC reported . "  The way to prevent acquiring cholera when sanitation is poor is to take your water from a clean water source or treat water yourself in the home , and use good sanitary practices with clean water when preparing and cooking food , " Tappero said . CNN 's Miriam Falco and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	U.S. report says the cholera outbreak 's course is "  difficult to predict " Haiti has n't seen a cholera outbreak in more than a century The epidemic has killed more than 1,100 in the earthquake-ravaged nation
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Many people are wondering about a federal judge 's ruling that is preventing the U.S. government , in the person of Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , from imposing a moratorium on permitting new oil wells or allowing wells in progress to be completed in waters deeper than 500 feet . The lawsuit was filed by Hornbeck Offshore Services , an operator of deepwater supply boats . It was joined by a number of offshore service companies , and an "  amicus " brief was filed by the state of Louisiana . A similar suit in Texas has been filed by Diamond Offshore , a major contract driller worldwide . The moratorium would suspend all pending current or approved drilling operations for new deepwater wells in the Gulf of Mexico and in the Pacific for six months , regardless of the safety records of the operators and drilling companies performing necessary activities and regardless of the likely economic damage caused to the Gulf Coast economies . For example , the state of Louisiana was n't even contacted , even though almost half of the job losses that would occur would affect that state . In his ruling , U.S. District Court Judge Martin Feldman points out that the government issued the notice of the moratorium without meeting the minimum requirements set out in the law . He cited two separate laws : the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act and the Administrative Procedure Act . His ruling explains that the government report and subsequent memoranda make no effort to establish any irreparable harm to the government that would warrant a suspension of operations . The report and the follow-up memos do not provide a timetable for how long it would take to implement any safety recommendations . The government also did n't provide analysis , required by law , concerning the economic damage likely to be caused by the moratorium . It made no differentiation between shallow and deepwater wells  the 500-foot boundary was added after the Shallow Water Energy Security Coalition pointed out that shallow-water drilling rigs , called jack-ups , use blowout preventers that are mounted at the surface , not at the sea floor  . Further , the judge points out that the government misquoted a panel of technical experts , nominated by the National Academy of Engineering and called together to examine the preliminary evidence and make recommendations about how the government should proceed . It turns out that the panel did not sign off on a report recommending a moratorium , a crucial feature that was added by the secretary of the interior after the engineering experts had signed off . Opinion : Lifting ban gives oil industry a pass The Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act is the main law dealing with the offshore exploration and production sector . It calls for the expeditious and orderly development of offshore resources , subject to environmental safeguards , and in a manner consistent with the maintenance of competition and other national needs . The act mandates consideration of the economic , social and environmental values of resources contained in the Outer Continental Shelf . The other law mentioned in his ruling is the Administrative Procedure Act , which provides that agency actions may be set aside by a judge only if they are "  arbitrary , capricious and an abuse of discretion or not otherwise in accordance with the law . " The secretary provided no evidence that he had balanced his concern for environmental safety with the stated policy of making leases available for development or that he considered any alternatives to a blanket moratorium on all drilling . At the end of the day , one deepwater well failed in the Gulf , admittedly in spectacular fashion , resulting in a knee-jerk reaction by a Cabinet secretary who was predisposed to impose a political decision favored by his own party 's members . When dealing with national assets and when affecting the regional as well as the national economy , that 's simply not good enough . Salazar has stated that he will impose a new moratorium while leaving the door open to correct some of the deficiencies of the earlier version . Meanwhile , the White House has announced an appeal to the Fifth Circuit Court , also in New Orleans , to reinstate the original moratorium , presumably on the grounds that the courts are impinging on the rights of the administrative branch of government . Both actions were predictable . As a practical matter , most analysts are pessimistic that any of the affected rigs will go back to work based on a preliminary injunction . However , the good news is that the injunction will limit the ability of lease operators to declare force majeure in an effort to rid themselves of their multiyear obligations to pay for very expensive drilling rigs . For those not interested in doing the math , that amounts to $ 3 billion in six months on just the 33 existing rigs . The real key to the puzzle relates to the 33 existing deepwater rigs as well as another eight rigs that are due to begin work over the next 12 to 18 months . Those rigs were constructed based on "  take or pay " multiyear contracts . These contracts require payment by the operators , whether or not the rigs are actually used . If the contracts are abrogated by federal fiat , the operators , in many cases , will have no choice but to take their business elsewhere . At that point , these assets , each costing $ 600 million to replace , will move to other international deep water regions , and their owners will sign new multiyear contracts . The result is that , when the government 's neophyte commission , after learning something about the industry , concludes its deliberations and announces the conditions under which deepwater drilling will be allowed to resume , they will be preaching to an empty house . In effect , the six-month suspension will become a five-year-plus cessation of drilling activity with all of the concomitant problems of regional depression , increased oil prices , greater import dependency , increased risk of spills -- because additional tankers would be bringing more crude or refined products into the U.S. , and tankers have a much worse safety record than do drilling rigs and domestic production systems -- and an ever-worsening balance of payments problem . Oh , by the way , the coastal restoration fund , predicated on the receipt of royalty payments from deep water production , will also be history . For the conspiracy theorists , that may have been the point all along . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Smith .	Federal judge issued injunction against government moratorium on oil drilling Eric Smith says government did n't properly consider safety records , economic impact He says judge noted that expert panel was n't consulted on moratorium Smith : Moratorium would effectively halt drilling for five years , not just six months
CNN  -- Minuscule levels of radiation from Japan 's Fukushima nuclear plant incident have been detected in a widening number of U.S. states , but the Environmental Protection Agency reaffirmed this week that the levels represent no threat to public health . "  To date , data from EPA 's real-time radiation air monitoring networks continue to show typical fluctuations in background radiation levels , " Jonathan Edwards , director of the EPA 's Radiation Protection Division , said in a statement Monday . "  The levels we are seeing are far below any levels of concern . " At least 15 states reported detecting radioisotopes in air or water or both . No states have recommended that residents take potassium iodide , a salt that protects the thyroid gland from radioactive iodine . Progress Energy reported over the weekend that iodine-131 was detected in the air near its nuclear power plants near Hartsville , South Carolina , and Crystal River , Florida . "  We know that it 's not coming from our plant , " said Progress spokesman Drew Elliot . Had the U.S. nuclear plants been responsible for the radioactive iodine , other isotopes would also have been found , he said . The levels detected were so low that authorities do not require they be reported , he said . Sensors in Maryland have also reported elevated levels of I-131 in air samples . "  None of these levels pose a risk to health , " the state 's Department of Health said . The Maryland secretary of health said Monday that microscopic amounts were also discovered Friday in rainwater . He said the levels found posed no risk to public health . The Massachusetts Department of Health said Sunday that a monitoring station in Boston detected I-131 in rainwater on March 22 , but had not detected any in air . In a question-and-answer page on its website , it says the amount detected should not concern residents . On Monday , Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett said rainwater collected Friday from his state 's nuclear power plant facilities contained low levels of iodine-131 "  likely originating from the events at Japan 's damaged nuclear plants . But weekend tests of drinking water found no elevated levels of radioactivity . " The levels reported "  are still about 25 times below the level that would be of concern , " Corbett 's office said in a statement . Similar testing in other states , including California and Washington , has shown comparable levels of iodine-131 in rainwater samples . Trace detections were found in the air in Oregon , Colorado and California . Duke Energy spokeswoman Rita Sipe said Duke Energy had detected trace radioactive elements , likely to have originated from Japan 's Fukushima plant , in North Carolina and South Carolina -- but at a level "  far below " reporting requirements . EPA is using the nationwide radiation monitoring system , RadNet , to monitor the nation 's air and drinking water , milk and precipitation . An analysis from 12 monitors nationwide found "  slightly higher " levels of radioactive isotopes in Alaska , Alabama , California , Guam , Hawaii , Idaho , Nevada , Saipan , the Northern Mariana Islands , and Washington state over the past week , the agency said . "  Some of the filter results show levels slightly higher than those found by EPA monitors last week and a Department of Energy monitor the week before , " the agency said . "  These types of findings are to be expected in the coming days and are still far below levels of public health concern . " A spokeswoman for the EPA said Monday that 90 percent of the 124 RadNet monitors were working .	A growing number of U.S. states are affected , but none at levels that threaten public health At least 15 states report detecting radioisotopes in air or water or both "  The levels detected are far below levels of public health concern , " EPA says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The California man thought he put his past behind him , but then he became victim to an online scam associated more with the mafia than the Internet . He is alleging in a federal lawsuit that three websites are running an extortion racket preying on his history as a one-time registered sex offender . The alleged shakedown is a growing trend in cyberspace that also includes "  ransomware " -- another extortion scheme that uses fake police and FBI warnings to demand money in exchange for unfreezing data on your computer , experts say . In the case of the California man and nine other plaintiffs , their lawsuit accuses three websites of trying to extort $ 500 in exchange for removing their names and photographs from sites purporting to list sex offenders , though two of the plaintiffs are no longer listed on a state sex offender registry and another two plaintiffs , both women , have never been arrested or convicted of a sex offense or any crime , their attorney says . One of the women is the wife of the California man , both of whom were interviewed by CNN with their attorney . The couple declined to give their names because none of the plaintiffs is identified in a federal lawsuit filed this month in California . "  I am forever sorry for what I did , and I paid my debt to society , " the man said of his sex offense conviction in Washington state , a crime that he declined to elaborate on . "  I had been rightfully removed from the Washington  sex offender registry  site , and now I 'm on the other site that wants money for removal . " The man and woman , both in their 30s , were married last year , and the new husband was looking forward to finally being removed from the Washington state website 10 years after he was convicted of a sex offense . But just as he was removed from the state government registry in January , a website claiming to list sex offenders posted his name and conviction online -- along with a link to photos of the couple , the couple said . The website charged him $ 79 just to verify the posting about him -- and wanted $ 421 more to remove his name , photo and the link to their personal photos . That amounts to extortion , the California couple alleges . "  I did n't pay $ 421 because I do n't want to pay for a business like that , and the potential for them to list me again on their site and another site seems all too likely , " the man said . Added his wife : "  I am thrilled to be married to him , and it seems to me that these guys are literally banking on shame , and it angers me deeply that they are presuming that I would be ashamed of my husband , which I am not . " The lawsuit lists four individuals and 10 other unidentified persons as owning or operating three websites that allegedly function as an extortion scam in violation of the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations  RICO  Act . The plaintiffs also cite California 's "  right of publicity " law , which "  says you ca n't use anybody 's name or photograph to help them sell something or solicit something without prior consent , " said plaintiff attorney Janice Bellucci of Santa Maria , California . "  They 're acting in concert and they are extorting money from people , " Bellucci said of the three websites . The three websites did n't respond to CNN requests for comment . The four defendants did n't return calls or could not be reached for comment . The defendants are Brent Oesterblad of Paradise Valley , Arizona ; his brother David of Tempe , Arizona ; Chuck Rodrick II of Desert Hills , Arizona , who also goes by Charles David Gilson ; and Traci Heisig , also of Desert Hills , Arizona , according to the lawsuit and Bellucci . The lawsuit alleges those individuals own or work for the websites SORarchives , Offendex and Online Detective . Internet security expert Vincent Weafer , senior vice president of McAfee Labs in Santa Clara , California , said online extortion typically occurs when users click on a deceptive link in an e-mail -- and then suddenly a message pops up claiming to be a warning that the user has visited an illegal or illicit site . The computer then locks up , and the warning seeks money ranging from $ 10 to a few hundred dollars in exchange for unlocking the computer or data , Weafer said . In early 2010 , McAfee Labs saw 5,000 cases of ransomware each quarter , but now it has grown to 200,000 cases per quarter , Weafer said . "  It follows e-mail and social networks . That 's a collective trend we 're seeing , " he said . Ransomware has grown because it uses an efficient , anonymous payment service . The scam began in Russia and later the former Soviet republics in Eastern Europe . "  By and large you have organized crime groups that took to this early , " Weafer said . The ransom demand is purposefully kept to a few hundred dollars , he said . "  Obviously , if I ask you for $ 10,000 , you 're not going to pay the money , " Weafer said . "  So the small amount is simply to make it attractive to you to pay it and make it go away . " Online security experts are concerned whether the extortionists will make good on their promise -- or even find a way to return to a computer and seek more money . "  Will they free the machine after you pay ? " says a McAfee Threats Report for the fourth quarter of 2012 . "  There are no guarantees , and anonymous payment systems make it basically impossible to track their movements . " The California husband sent an e-mail to a person who operates SORarchives , who responded under a pseudonym with a Gmail address , the husband said . The husband demanded his name erased from the site . He refused to pay the additional $ 421 for removal . "  They became fairly belligerent in their response and insulting , " the California man said about the e-mail response . "  There was some profanity in there too , which they graciously asterisked out . " The federal lawsuit represents a legal initiative on behalf of the California Reform Sex Offender Laws organization , a nonprofit that says public sex offender registries and residency restriction laws do n't protect children and instead dehumanize individuals and their families . Saying every sex offense should be judged on its own merits , the group asserts public money would be better spent on prevention , healing and rehabilitation . Bellucci is president of the California group . The California couple are members of the group , as is the other California plaintiff , a man in his 60s . He is a registered sex offender and was convicted in 1979 in California for a sex offense , the lawsuit said . The other plaintiffs live in Washington , Kentucky , Tennessee and Oregon . In a telephone interview with CNN , the California man in his 60s said he has new fears about his safety with the additional publicity from the three websites posting his name and photograph . In the past , he has been attacked because of his registry on the California government 's sex offender website . His daughter was harassed out of school because of his crime , he said . "  It misrepresents who I am , and that opens me up for potential retaliation for vigilante violence , which I 've already experienced now twice , " the man said of the three websites . He discovered his name on the three sites when a friend searched his name on the Internet and found it listed on the three websites , he said . After paying the websites $ 79 for an initial inquiry into the matter , he refused to pay the additional $ 421 the sites are seeking to remove his name and photograph , he said . "  It 's a witch hunt , " he added . "  It 's a way to make money off the backs of those who have this horrible tag of being a sex offender , of which people do n't have a correct view of what that really means . They have a one-size-fits-all and ... extreme view that sex offenders are damaged humans who will always re-offend . "  That 's not the case , " he said . The federal government website http://www.onguardonline.gov/ offers guidance and contact information in case you find yourself dealing with cybercrime .	Extortion on the Internet is a growing trend , expert says 10 plaintiffs file suit alleging 3 websites are extorting $ 500 from them The three websites purport to list sex offenders Website owners did n't respond or could be reached for comment
Mobile , Alabama  CNN  -- Brianna Adkins stepped off the Carnival Triumph early Friday and into the arms of her anxious parents , bringing to an end the nightmarish journey aboard a crippled ship that was towed to port days after it was due . It was a big , tight hug between 18-year-old Adkins and her mom and dad , the kind filled with the emotion that reflected the days of uncertainty after the cruise ship was left virtually dead in the water after a reported engine fire knocked out power . "  Just to be with them , just to let them know I 'm safe , " Adkins said , fighting back tears . "  It means just so much to be with them ... you have no idea . " My celebration trup on the Carnival Triumph : From joy to misery A near party-atmosphere abounded aboard the cruise ship as it docked late Thursday at the Alabama Cruise Terminal , where some passengers hung over balcony rails , while others danced and waved signs . "  I kissed the ground when I got off , " said Adkins of Noblesville , Indiana , just north of Indianapolis . The saga began unfolding early Sunday morning as the Carnival Triumph , originally carrying 3,143 passengers and 1,086 crew members , was making its way to Galveston , Texas , when a fire left the vessel listing to the side and drifting in the Gulf of Mexico . The ship drifted nearly 90 miles before enough tugboats arrived to tow the massive cruise ship to Mobile . Almost immediately , reports emerged on social media of deteriorating conditions aboard the ship . Passengers reported sewage sloshing in the hallways and , in some cases , running down the walls of cabins . Still others said the power outage forced people , especially those in the lower decks or inside cabins , to drag their mattresses to outside decks because of stifling heat . The power outage also made it impossible for passengers to call loved ones . Why did it take five days ? For those who were able to get messages out -- drafting on wireless from cruise ships dropping supplies -- it was a few moments to reassure loved ones they were OK . Still , for Adkins and others there was nothing better than being able to put both feet on firm ground while wrapping their arms around family members . "  The unknown was the worst part , " Adkins mother , Beth , said . About 75 families were on hand , according to a spokesman for the City of Mobile , at the Alabama Cruise Terminal . Family members who spoke to CNN said they had come from Indiana , Kentucky , Louisiana and Texas . Some had come in as early as Wednesday but the bulk of people arrived Thursday afternoon , with each hour bringing a few more cars . After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ? Most of the anxious families could n't bear the thought of their relatives being on a bus for hours and had gotten hotel rooms in Mobile where the homecoming would include a long shower and a meal . Brooklyn Burgess , 18 , got off the ship scanning the crowd for father and brother , who had driven from their Carthage , Mississippi , home to get them and bring them home . There in the crowd , she and her mother , who was traveling with her , found the family . Her father picked her up in a tight hug , and Burgess started to cry . "  I said I do n't have a boyfriend . ... I sure hope somebody who missed me is there waiting for me , " she said , her eyes red from tears . Video : Passengers spell out help For others , it will be a little longer before they connect with loved ones . Brittany Ferguson and Kendall Jenkins , both 24 , got off the ship cheering and dancing . Jenkins went so far as to lay kneel down and kiss the ground . "  We won this cruise at a Houston Rockets game . Lucky us , " Ferguson said , laughing . They are among the many who boarded one of the more than 100 motor coaches that were reserved by Carnival to take them to New Orleans where many will overnight before continuing their journey home . The two are headed home to Houston . But that 's OK with the Ferguson and Jenkins because they have "  land under our feet . " Spate of fires hits cruise industry CNN 's Erin Burnett and Martin Savidge reported from Mobile , Alabama ; Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : A number of passengers boarded buses for New Orleans Briana Adkins was reunited with her family at the Alabama Cruise Terminal The Triumph was left virtually dead in the water after a fire on Sunday It arrived at the Port of Mobile late Thursday night
Bryan Ganey slowly climbed out of his parents ' car . Michael and Martha Ganey had driven their son to work because he was n't feeling well -- for the past couple of days , simple tasks had left him short of breath and exhausted . At 577 pounds , being out of shape was normal for Bryan , so he ignored it . But as he headed toward the door of his office on June 20 , 2010 , the ground suddenly shifted . The Ganeys were pulling away when Martha 's cell phone rang . All she heard on the other end was gasping . The couple stopped the car and sprinted back to the building , where they found their son lying in the bushes , struggling to breathe . The ride to the hospital took only five minutes , but to Martha , it seemed like hours . Bryan did n't care how long it took -- he knew he was going to die . "  I was absolutely convinced that I was having a heart attack . I had been told by doctors before that at my size , if I ever had heart problems , they were n't going to be able to operate on me . So there was a very good chance that this was the end -- that I would get there and there would n't be anything they could do , " he said . Out of control For years , Bryan worked the night shift at a Verizon call center in Charleston , South Carolina , 20 miles from his home in Moncks Corner . He skipped breakfast , ate fast food for lunch and dinner , then picked up a pizza or some convenience store snacks on his way home . He often drank more than a gallon of soda a day . By the age of 37 , he had a body mass index around 87 . A BMI over 30 is considered obese . "  He was very aware that he had a problem , " Martha said . "  It was out of control . " June 20 was possibly the best thing that could have happened to Bryan , although it certainly did n't seem like it at the time . His "  heart attack " was actually a pulmonary embolism , or a blood clot that had traveled to his lungs , blocking his oxygen flow . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , "  sudden death is the first symptom " in about a quarter of patients who have a pulmonary embolism . For six days , Bryan lay in a hospital bed , covered in bruises caused by the blood thinners being pumped into his body . The blood thinners slowly cleared the blockage in his lungs , giving him plenty of time to think . "  At first , I felt like a victim , like somebody or something had done this to me , " Bryan said in a YouTube video about his experience . "  But then reality set in and the pain turned to anger . My condition was unacceptable . " Several doctors tried to broach the subject of weight-loss surgery while he was in the hospital , but Bryan refused . Both he and his mother had friends who had gone through the surgery and were suffering from complications . If I can make it out of here alive , he thought , I 'm not coming back . Small steps Today , Bryan , 39 , tells his story from the driver 's seat of a car that he would n't have fit in two years ago . He shops for clothes at department stores , buys one seat on an airplane instead of two and sleeps through the night . "  The absolute best thing about all the weight that I 've lost is just waking up every day and realizing that I do n't weigh 577 pounds anymore , " he said with a laugh . "  The biggest rewards are the smallest ones . " Small steps are what began Bryan 's weight loss journey . After leaving the hospital , he began to move -- at first pushing a shopping cart around the grocery store like a toddler learning to walk . Then he ventured to the mailbox at the end of his driveway . Soon , he was conquering several miles at a time . He lost 130 pounds in the first six months , then dropped another 140 pounds over the course of the next year . At 5-foot-8 , Bryan now weighs just under 300 pounds . "  It turns out it really is true , " Bryan wrote in his iReport submission . "  If you use more energy than you take in , you will lose weight . " Bryan switched to a day shift at work to conquer his bad eating habits . He 's very particular about what he puts in his mouth , refusing to stray from self-prepared lean meats , vegetables and fruits . He eats five to six meals a day , every two to three hours . He measures his portions so that his total calorie count for the day hits 2,500 . "  Food is everywhere , " he said , reflecting on his struggles to keep on track at work or in social settings . "  I just ca n't eat it anymore . I ca n't do it ever again . I do n't have the ability to have just a little bit . They think I must be miserable because I ... do n't allow myself to have certain things . -LSB- But -RSB- the benefits I have gained , the prize is worth the struggle . " After dropping his first 70 pounds , Bryan decided to hire a personal trainer . This was n't the first time he had tried to lose weight by exercising , and in the past he had burned himself out pushing too hard , too fast . His trainer , Martha Peake , started slowly . At first , all they did was sit down and stand up . For the 500-pound Bryan , that was enough . Last year , Bryan limped across the finish line of the 10K race he entered . This year , he plans to run the whole race . He 's still losing six to seven pounds a month and hopes to eventually get down to 200 pounds . Simple prayers Every morning , Martha wakes up and asks God to give Bryan one more day . She understands the obstacles placed before her son -- most addicts can give up their abusive substance , but he ca n't just give up food . "  I guess there 's always that little shadow of a doubt , " Martha said . "  But I know also that he 's a very strong person ... if it can be done , he can do it . " When Bryan returned to the doctor , the change in his blood work was almost unbelievable . He 's off many of the medications he was on before ; his blood pressure medication has been cut four times over the last two years . His LDL cholesterol , the bad kind , is 100 -- an optimal number . Most importantly , at 577 pounds , Bryan was prediabetic . Now , he 's looking forward to a bright , diabetes-free future . "  I think what gets lost in the advertisements and everything that 's written about weight loss is that if people would keep it simple , that everyone has that power in them . You can change your life . " Do you have a weight-loss story to share ? Visit iReport.com .	Bryan Ganey suddenly could n't breathe and collapsed in a parking lot He refused weight loss surgery because he never wanted to return to the hospital Ganey dropped 130 pounds in the first six months , then 140 more over a year
Virgin chief Richard Branson has put a time frame on his plan to launch tourists into space , claiming he and his family will blaze a trail for hundreds of fare-paying passengers by blasting off in December 2013 . Branson also announced that Virgin Galactic , his fledgling commercial space company , was expanding to include a satellite-launching service that would use a low-cost rocket system to propel payloads into orbit . Speaking at the UK 's Farnborough International Airshow , the British entrepreneur said his adult children , Holly and Sam , would accompany him on board the SpaceShipTwo on its pioneering two-hour voyage into sub-orbital space . "  It 'll certainly be the most momentous moment of my life and my children 's lives , " Branson told CNN . "  It 'll be very difficult to ever cap it I think . Anyone who has ever been into space says the same thing . " See also : Farnborough 2012 in pictures Some 529 would-be astronauts , including celebrities such as Ashton Kutcher , have so far signed up for $ 200,000-a-seat flights which will last two hours . Virgin executives said the figure was a milestone as it exceeds the existing number of space veterans . Six hundred are expected to fly in the first two years of service . Launched from a carrier vessel known as WhiteKnightTwo , Virgin Galactic 's space ship can carry two pilots and six passengers . SpaceShipTwo is currently undergoing testing in the Mojave Desert in California , although a replica was on display at Farnborough . Branson acknowledged the existing price tag means that his goal of opening space travel up to ordinary people was some way off . He insisted , however , that it would drop over the next few decades as Virgin 's space ambitions went further . "  The initial flights will be sub-orbital , which will give people a taste of space , " he said . "  From there we 'll go into orbital flights and maybe one day hotels in space . " Outlining details of his new satellite service , LauncherOne , Branson said the two-stage rocket would also be carried into launching position by WhiteKnightTwo . Infographic : State of global aviation He said the service , capable of launching 500-pound payloads , would drastically reduce the cost of putting satellites into orbit . This , he said would open up the market to researchers , small businesses and even schools . Several clients have already signed up for the service including Earth observation company GeoOptics and Planetary Resources , an asteroid mining company which counts Google founders Eric Schmidt and Larry Page , and movie director James Cameron as investors . Virgin Galactic 's commercial director Stephen Attenborough told CNN that the goal was to be able to offer a reliable satellite launch system for $ 10 million , a price tag he says undercuts existing services by up to 50 % . George Whitesides , the company 's chief executive and president , said : "  This will radically revolutionize the small satellite business in the way we have the space tourism business . " Read more : Rolls-Royce showcases jet engine made of Lego But Branson insisted his chief aim was to open space to researchers studying the "  global crisis " of climate change . "  In America you 've got a lot of skeptics about global warming , what you need is the scientific evidence that it is there one way or the other , " he said . "  The majority of scientists believe we have a problem , we need to know that conclusively and we need to work towards resolving it and I think LauncherOne will make it clear one way or the other , and sadly I think it 'll be the other . " On the sidelines of Wednesday 's announcement , Virgin Galactic officials offered more details of what customers can expect for their money . Blog : Branson 's busy bathroom break Whitesides said astronauts on board SpaceShipTwo would experience a little less than five minutes of weightlessness , during which time they will be free to unclip their seat harnesses and float within the cabin . "  Some people will want to focus their time looking out of the vehicle , looking down at the planet or Milky Way , whereas others may want to do spins or tricks , " Whitesides told CNN . "  There 's one guy who wants to assume a neutral position , close his eyes and get back to the womb . "  My big concern is getting people back to their seats . This is one of the central design considerations . My guess is it will be as simple as saying ` OK everybody ; get back in your seats . Then gravity will kick in . " Branson , meanwhile , confessed he had n't yet planned his time in space . "  I 'm sure we will do something but we have n't got that far thinking about it . If we 're allowed to put up a flag up there ... who knows ? " Quiz : Are you a plane geek ? Test your aviation knowledge Adam Wells , Virgin Galactic 's head of design , said the cabin 's interior was being kept as minimal as possible to reduce weight and maximize space for floating . There are unlikely to be comforts familiar to airline passengers . Television screens will probably be too heavy -- and there will be no toilet . "  The intent is to keep the volume as uncluttered as possible , " he told CNN . "  From an ideal standpoint we want everything , including the seats to disappear , which is a fascinating design challenge . " Among would-be astronauts attending Wednesday 's announcement was Portuguese diplomat Angelo Araujo . Araujo , 62 , described his journey into space as a "  spiritual journey " during which he would pay homage to his late father , a poet and composer also called Angelo Araujo . "  As we age and we approach the end , we are part of the universe and I think it 's wonderful to see it from another angle . "  I want to read some poetry from my father . He will be the first Portuguese poet to be read in space . Perry Sporn , a jeweler from Burlington , Vermont , who will be among the first 500 to fly said the $ 200,000 price tag was money well spent . "  I was a poor kid but I had an amazing opportunity to be productive and make a good living , so to me it 's a ridiculously small sum . " As Virgin Galactic 's chief pilot , David Mackay is likely to helm the first flights and may even break records for space travel as he clocks up at least one voyage per week when the service is up and running . "  I 'm not on some ego trip to enjoy the greatest number of space flights , " he told CNN . "  If it 's successful , it will eventually become much more common and whatever record I set will quickly be broken . "	Branson confirms rumors the first Virgin Galactic space tourists will take off in 2013 Chief executive George Whitesides says 529 aspiring astronauts have paid deposits Branson also unveiled plans for new satellite service LauncherOne
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said Saturday he is committed to resolving the crisis in his country as long as peace efforts are conducted in "  neutrality and independence , " state media reported . He addressed the conflict during a meeting in Damascus with Lakhdar Brahimi , the new international envoy to Syria . "  The success of the political work is linked to pressing the countries which fund and train the terrorists , confiscate weapons into Syria to stop such acts , " the president said , according to SANA . Brahimi , who recently replaced Kofi Annan as the U.N. and Arab League point man for the conflict , highlighted the need for both sides to find a resolution and reiterated that the Syrian people are his first priority . "  I believe that the president is more aware than me of the scope and seriousness of this crisis , " Brahimi said after his meeting with al-Assad . U.N. envoy Angelina Jolie visits Syria refugees in Iraq For now , Brahimi said he has no plan for bringing an end to the Syrian conflict . "  We , however , will set the plan that we will follow after listening to all internal , regional and international parties , hoping that such a plan will manage to open channels towards ending the crisis , and will be also accompanied by a clear strategy , " he said . Brahimi plans to open an office in Damascus , and al-Assad told him the government will enable him to carry out his duties . The initial talks came on a day when at least 164 people were killed across Syria , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees . It blamed Syrian security forces for the deaths . Brahimi also held "  candid and comprehensive " talks with Foreign Minister Walid Moallem , the United Nations said in a statement . "  Mr. Brahimi emphasized that , as he said before , he would spare no effort to help find a solution to the crisis , " the statement read . "  His only masters in this endeavor were the Syrian people , whose welfare and security were his prime concern . " Brahimi , a former Algerian foreign minister and U.N. envoy to Afghanistan , plans to meet opposition figures and other groups during his visit . Brahimi was named to the post after Annan resigned in August , blasting the Syrian government for not implementing a cease-fire he negotiated in April and complaining about the "  escalating military campaign " of the opposition . Zawahiri messages underline al Qaeda 's focus on Syria	NEW : An opposition group says at least 164 people were killed Saturday The Syrian president says other nations are funding "  terrorists " Lakhdar Brahimi makes his first visit to Damascus as U.N. envoy He met with the president and held "  candid " talks with Syria 's foreign minister
EW.com  -- It was a great weekend to be a director named Paul Anderson . Not only did Paul W.S. Anderson 's "  Resident Evil : Retribution " become his fourth straight "  Resident Evil " film to debut atop the chart ; Paul Thomas Anderson 's drama "  The Master " had one of the best opening weekends of all time in limited release . In first place , "  Resident Evil : Retribution , " the fifth entry in the stalwart horror/action franchise , earned $ 21.1 million -- 21 percent less than 2010  s "  Resident Evil : Afterlife , " which began with $ 26.7 million . This is the first time that a "  Resident Evil " movie has earned less than its predecessor . The original Resident Evil earned $ 17.7 million in 2002 . "  Resident Evil : Apocalypse " grossed $ 23.0 million in 2004 . "  Resident Evil : Extinction " scored $ 23.7 million in 2007 . Notably , "  Retribution , " which is being distributed in 3-D and IMAX , also sold the fewest tickets of any of the "  Resident Evil " films in its opening weekend . Sony , who is distributing the $ 65 million Milla Jovovich  Paul W.S. Anderson 's wife  vehicle under its Screen Gems division , is n't worried , though . "  The Resident Evil " franchise 's international prospects have grown substantially over the last decade , and with a $ 50 million international start this weekend , "  Retribution " has a good shot at finishing ahead of Afterlife 's $ 296 million worldwide cume . Audiences issued the film a "  C + " CinemaScore grade Disney 's 3-D re-release "  Finding Nemo " made a more modest splash in second place with $ 17.5 million . Though the family film , which was converted into 3-D for less than $ 5 million , was expected to top the chart , Nemo was unable to match the numbers of Disney 's recent 3-D re-releases "  The Lion King , " which debuted with $ 30.2 million in September 2011 , or even Beauty and the Beast , which began with $ 17.8 million earlier this year . Ever since "  The Lion King 's " successful 3-D run , which added $ 94.2 million to its total , studios have been eager to capitalize on the low-cost high-return 3-D re-release strategy . Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace raced to $ 43.5 million earlier this year . Titanic garnered $ 57.9 million domestically -- and $ 343 million worldwide . Next up , Disney will re-release "  Monsters , Inc. "  out Dec. 19  , and next year will bring 3-D re-releases of two more Star Wars films , as well as Jurassic Park and The Little Mermaid -- and those are just the films we 've already heard about . Yet Finding Nemo 's softer-than-expected weekend reveals that audiences may be losing interest in the gimmick rather quickly . When all is said and done , "  Finding Nemo " will prove a financial boon for Disney , even if it finishes in the same range as "  Beauty and the Beast 3-D , " which took in $ 47.6 million . Conversion costs were minimal , and for the "  Mouse House , " merchandising is far more lucrative than theatrical earnings . "  Nemo 's " solid box office run will keep the film 's characters  and appeal  alive as audiences wait for the recently announced Finding Nemo 2 . Lionsgate 's $ 14 million demonic effort "  The Possession " grossed $ 5.8 million in its third weekend , a drop of just 38 percent . The "  Based on a True Story " film , which stars Kyra Sedgwick and Jeffrey Dean Morgan , has held up much better than equivalent horror titles and has now earned $ 41.2 million total . Two other holdovers rounded out the Top 5 . In fourth , Warner Bros / ' bootlegging crime drama Lawless fell 30 percent to $ 4.2 million , lifting its total to $ 30.1 million after three weeks . In fifth , Focus Features ' ParaNorman earned another $ 3.0 million , giving the creepy kid flick $ 49.3 million after a full month in theaters . 1 . Resident Evil : Retribution -- $ 21.1 million 2 . Finding Nemo -- $ 17.5 million 3 . The Possession -- $ 5.8 million 4 . Lawless -- $ 4.2 million 5 . ParaNorman -- $ 3.0 million Further down the chart , two movies made impressive debuts in limited release . Arbitrage , the buzzy financial thriller starring Richard Gere , grossed $ 2.1 million from 197 theaters , yielding a terrific per theater average of $ 10,508 . The film opened on VOD this weekend as well . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Resident Evil : Retribution " opened at the top of the box office "  The Master " had one of the best opening weekends of all time in limited release "  Finding Nemo " came in second
CNN  -- Flavio Briatore is free to return to Formula One in 2013 after reaching an out of court settlement with the sport 's governing body , FIA . Briatore , former team principal at Renault , was originally banned for life by the FIA after allegations he was involved in a conspiracy in which Nelson Piquet Jnr deliberately crashed at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix in order to help team-mate Fernando Alonso win . In January , Briatore succeeded in getting his ban overturned in a French court , saying the ruling had restored his "  dignity and freedom . " The court also overturned the lifetime ban imposed on former Renault engineering director Pat Symonds for the same incident . But the FIA launched an appeal against the decision , before an announcement that they had settled their case with Briatore out of court . Briatore agreed to recognize "  his share of responsibility for the deliberate crash , " according to FIA but insisted he accepted no personal guilt for the incident . An FIA statement read : "  After discussions between their lawyers and those of the FIA , Mr Flavio Briatore and Mr Pat Symonds have each made a settlement offer to the FIA President with a view to putting an immediate end to the legal proceedings . "  Each of them recognizing his share of responsibility for the deliberate crash involving the driver Nelson Piquet Junior at the 2008 Grand Prix of Singapore , as "  Team Principal " of Renault F1 where Mr Flavio Briatore is concerned , they have expressed their regrets and presented their apologies to the FIA . "  They have undertaken to abstain from having any operational role in Formula One until 31 December 2012 , as well as in all the other competitions registered on the FIA calendars until the end of the 2011 sporting season . "  They have also abandoned all publicity and financial measures resulting from the judgment of 5 January 2010 , as well as any further action against the FIA on the subject of this affair . "  The FIA President has considered that it is in the best interests of the FIA not to allow the perpetuation of these legal disputes , which have received a great deal of media coverage and which , regardless of the outcome , are very prejudicial to the image of the FIA and of motor sport , and thus to accept this settlement solution , thereby putting an end to this affair . " The Singapore incident came to light after Piquet Jr. was sacked and then went public with his admission of involvement . Briatore issued his own statement to the official Formula One Web site stating that he recognized his share of responsibility "  without any admission of a personal guilt in these events and without any recognition of the fact that the decision of the World Council rendered against him would have been well-founded . "	Flavio Briatore free to return to Formula One in 2013 after settling legal case with FIA Briatore overturned a lifetime ban from the sport 's governing body in January Italian was former owner of Formula One team Renault His ban was imposed after the ` crashgate ' scandal at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama on Saturday asked Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius to be his nominee for Health and Human Services secretary , according to two White House officials . Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius walks with Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal after meeting with the president this week . The officials told CNN that Obama is expected to make the announcement Monday afternoon . The officials asked not to be named because the announcement has not yet been made . Sebelius , who administration officials say Obama seriously considered to be his vice-presidential nominee , has been rumored to be a top contender for the job for weeks . The post is still vacant after the first pick , former Sen. Tom Daschle , stepped aside after questions were raised about his failure to pay more than $ 100,000 in taxes for use of a car and driver . CNN reported earlier this month that Sebelius met in Washington with senior White House adviser Valerie Jarrett about the job , a sign that the administration has been giving her a close look since Daschle dropped out . The officials noted Sebelius has a good personal relationship with Obama and remained in the running for the vice presidential slot until near the end of the process . She was also considered for other Cabinet posts .	White House officials : Obama asks Kansas governor to be HHS secretary Obama will make an announcement Monday , officials say For weeks , Sebelius has been rumored to be a top contender for the job HHS post has been vacant since Tom Daschle stepped aside over tax issues
CNN  -- If anyone knows hip-hop , it 's Ice-T . The rapper-turned-actor has added a title to his rsum : filmmaker . Ice  born Tracy Marrow  recently sat down with CNN to answer some iReporter questions and discuss his new documentary , "  Something from Nothing : The Art of Rap . " The film explores the genre as art form and includes lots of big names in the music industry , including Kanye West , Nas , Eminem and Dr. Dre . When it came time to find voices for his project , Ice did n't have to look far . "  I did the film by calling only my friends I had in my address book , " the rapper said . "  All my homies I 'd been in the business with over 20 years .  I told them ,  ` I 'm just going to ask you questions , not about the money , the cars , the jewelry , the beef , but the craft . ' " In an earlier interview , the star of "  Law & Order : SVU " noted that there was an abundance of rap stars who wanted to appear in his documentary . "  There 's lots of people I would love to have interviewed , but you got to remember the movie only could last two hours , " he explained . "  At the end of my filming , I had 52 rappers shot . I had 35 rappers waiting to be shot . My first edit was four hours , so I just could n't fit everybody into the movie , so yeah , there 's a lot of people missing , but I think I was able to get a good cross-section of the different styles of hip-hop . " His decades in the rap game allowed him insider access and candid interviews . "  I was kind of surprised at how open the guys got and just had fun in front of the camera , " Ice said . "  By me doing the interviews , it turned into more of a conversation than an interview , and you get to see us laugh , and you get some never-before-heard insight on some of the rapper 's lives . " When it came time to answer iReport questions , Ice was more than ready to take on inquires on everything from his love of video gaming to his thoughts on the military . Not many know that he served in the United States Army before entering the hip-hop game . "  Nothing but respect to the soldiers coming home from the war , " he said . "  As far as something I can tell them to do , this might sound cold , but do n't expect anybody to care . Do n't expect that because you 're a GI , you 're going to come home and somebody 's going to open up their hands up to you . You just gon na have to bust your a ** from the ground up , unfortunately . " These days , he is as known for his E! reality show "  Ice Loves Coco , " about the exploits of him and his model wife . He said he does n't mind people admiring his wife 's ... assets . "  I do n't have a problem with people admiring Coco , and I have a tight relationship , " he said . "  When we first got together , she was already a swimsuit model , and you ca n't say , ` Now we 're married , you ca n't do that anymore . ' " So is the man once feared for his influence with songs like "  Cop Killer " now a homebody who has mellowed so much that he 's cool with being better known for playing a police officer on television than one of the founders of gangsta rap ? "  Even when I made ` Cop Killer , ' I  was n't  a cop killer , " he said . "  I was just acting out a character of somebody who lost it and went after brutal cops . "	Ice-T has released a documentary on the art of hip-hop He answered questions from CNN iReporters He called on his friends in the music industry for his latest project
CNN  -- For the fourth weekend in a row , The Hunger Games easily led the domestic box office , holding off three new wide releases from the top spot . Lionsgate 's $ 90 million blockbuster adaptation earned $ 21.5 million over the Friday-to-Sunday period , marking a slim 32 percent drop from last weekend . All told , The Hunger Games has earned $ 337.1 million after 24 days and seems headed for a final domestic total of about $ 375 million . The only other 2012 releases likely to reach those sorts of numbers are franchise films The Avengers , The Dark Knight Rises , and The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey . Internationally , The Hunger Games is n't yet the franchise-launching blockbuster that it is Stateside , but it is performing quite well week-to-week . The film is nearing the $ 200 million mark overseas , and as of Sunday , its worldwide total stands at $ 531 million . That figure should only climb with each subsequent sequel . The Farrelly brothers ' latest comedy , The Three Stooges , debuted in second place with an unexpectedly strong gross of $ 17.1 million . While that figure is n't gargantuan , the slapstick romp fared better with ticket buyers and critics than anyone expected , since ads for The Three Stooges , which highlighted the goofball physical comedy of the original 1930s film series , had many people thinking the film was a dud . Fox spent a reported $ 30 million on the comedy , which stars Sean Hayes , Will Sasso , and Chris Diamantopoulos , and marketed it to comedy-craving men and young boys eager for a family option other than Mirror Mirror . This strategy proved effective : according to CinemaScore , the film played to audiences that were 59 percent male . Stooges earned a lackluster "  B - " CinemaScore grade , though -- crowds under 25 gave the film an "  A - " and crowds 25 and up gave it a "  C " -- which could hurt its box office longevity . Still , this should prove to be a minor winner for Fox . After three years on the shelf following MGM 's demise , Joss Whedon 's horror/comedy The Cabin in the Woods finally got its release , and over its debut weekend , the film scared up $ 14.9 million -- a respectable result . Lionsgate faced a difficult challenge in marketing Cabin without giving away the film 's plot , which is most effective when kept under wraps . Encouragingly , the film , which Lionsgate acquired for slightly less than $ 20 million , ticked up from $ 5.5 million on Friday to $ 5.7 million on Saturday -- a rare increase for frontloaded horror films and fanboy flicks  Cabin is both of these things  . This may have been the effect of strong word-of-mouth and stellar critical reviews overall  the film stands at 93 percent "  Fresh " on Rotten Tomatoes  , although audiences polled by CinemaScore did n't prove overly enthusiastic . They gave the film a harsh "  C " grade . Increasingly , CinemaScore grades do n't seem to line up with critical opinions -- this recently happened with Drive , which critics loved , but audiences issued a "  C - " grade . Only time will tell whether word-of-mouth proves a boon or an anchor for Cabin , but it has a shot at becoming a mid-level sleeper hit . In fourth place , Titanic 3D sank by only 33 percent to $ 11.6 million in its second weekend . After ten days , the 3-D re-release has pulled in $ 44.4 million , passing the re-release total of Star Wars : Episode I -- The Phantom Menace , which earned $ 43.3 million total despite a strong $ 22.5 million start . Titanic should sail right past Beauty and the Beast 3D 's $ 47.5 million gross over the next few days , and finish around $ 65 million . While that 's lower than The Lion King 's $ 94.2 million re-release total , and a bit less than many were expecting , Paramount spent just $ 18 million to convert the picture , so the the re-release will prove profitable -- especially as a launching pad for the Titanic Blu-ray , set to hit stores soon . American Reunion rounded out the Top 5 with $ 10.7 million , a 50 percent decline from last weekend . Universal 's sequel has grossed $ 39.9 million against a $ 50 million budget , but given steep drops like this one , Reunion will end up the lowest-grossing title in the American Pie franchise . Down in ninth place , Guy Pearce/Maggie Grace thriller Lockout started its run with a weak $ 6.3 million out of 2,308 theaters . The action film earned a "  B - " CinemaScore grade . In limited release , Weinstein 's buzzy documentary Bully , which finally got a PG-13 rating after cutting a few F-words , earned a moderate  given the amount of press it has received  $ 534,000 from 158 theaters . The film has earned $ 814,000 after three weekends . Meanwhile , Blue Like Jazz , the Kickstarter-funded adaptation of Donald Miller 's religious memoir , grossed an okay $ 281,000 from 136 locations . Because Jazz was funded by fans , the Roadside Attractions-distributed feature has minimal negative costs . Among milestones , Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island crossed $ 100 million domestically this weekend . The film , which stars The Rock , has earned over $ 315 million worldwide . Denzel Washington thriller Safe House passed $ 125 million . And 21 Jump Street reached $ 120 million , and is now set to pass The Vow as Channing Tatum 's highest earner in 2012 . Check back next week to see how The Lucky One and Think Like A Man fare , and follow me on Twitter for up-to-the-minute box office news ! 1 . The Hunger Games -- $ 21.5 million 2 . The Three Stooges -- $ 17.1 million 3 . The Cabin in the Woods -- $ 14.9 million 4 . Titanic 3D -- $ 11.6 million 5 . American Reunion -- $ 10.7 million See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` Hunger Games ' has dominated the box office since its release The film beat out new releases ` The Three Stooges ' and ` The Cabin in the Woods ' ` Titanic 3D ' came in fourth place
CANNES , France  CNN  -- As award-winning Iranian film-maker Bahman Ghobadi walked down the Cannes red carpet for the premiere of his new feature Thursday , the real star of the show was conspicuously absent . Iranian filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi , director of "  No One Knows About Persian Cats , " which was co-written by Roxana Saberi . American-Iranian journalist Roxana Saberi , credited as co-writer and executive producer of the faux-documentary "  No One Knows about Persian Cats , " was still in Iran , having been released from jail only days earlier . The woman Ghobadi describes as his fiance was freed from prison last Monday after being jailed on espionage charges following a one-day trial that was closed to the public . She had served three and a half months , not all time served , of her eight year sentence and at one point was on hunger strike . "  For four months , she was in prison . For me , four months is like four years , " Ghobadi told CNN . "  In there , what did they do with her ? How did she live in there ? " "  I could n't understand why the government sent her to prison , " he continued . "  She is like an angel . She is really so clean . I believe her . For example , if you ask me about my mum and her , I believe her first . " After much to-ing and fro-ing by the Iranian authorities , Ghobadi says he could n't believe it when he found out Saberi had finally been freed , before the end of her sentence . "  When -LSB- I found out -RSB- she was free ... I could n't understand , " the 40 year-old director told CNN . He said it felt as if the the authorities were playing games with himself and other supporters of Saberi as they gave different timescales for her release -- "  two weeks , four years , eight years . " But just after the pair were reunited Ghobadi -- who won Cannes ' first-time film-maker award the Camera d'Or in 2000 with "  A Time For Drunken Horses " -- had to leave for the French film festival . "  Persian Cats , " which chronicles the hardships facing young rock musicians as they seek to evade censorship from the authorities , had been selected to play in the Un Certain Regard slot . Although Saberi was unable to be with Ghobadi on the red carpet , Ghobadi says she have kept in close telephone contact since her release , checking on how the film has been received . Ghobadi himself has already suffered at the hands of the Iranian authorities . His 2008 film "  Half Moon " was banned and says he was left feeling depressed and suicidal after spending three years unsuccessfully trying to get permission from the Iranian authorities for another previous film . He thought about leaving Iran because he felt unable to work and cites Saberi as the inspiration behind "  Persian Cats , " which was filmed in Tehran . Shot illegally in just 17 days using a small , cheap digital camera -- the state owns all 35mm equipment in Iran , according to film industry trade magazine , Screen International -- the faux-documentary chronicles the hardships facing two young musicians who are trying to put together a band . The story which combines comedy and tragedy to great dramatic effect showcases music and performances from real musicians who are part of the Tehran underground music scene . It is estimated that there are 2,000 illegal bands in Tehran , all practising and performing in a hidden world of hand-built recording studios in basements and rooftops around the city . Ghobadi says that he feels some responsibility for Saberi 's time in prison because she stayed in Iran to help him with "  Persian Cats : " "  She wanted to go back to the U.S. -LSB- She -RSB- just stay for me and for my film and help for this film and give me the idea for the music . " Ghobadi wrote an open letter in April this year calling for Saberi 's release when she was jailed after initially being arrested buying a bottle of wine , describing her as being caught in a "  game of politics . " "  My Iranian girl with Japanese eyes and an American ID , is in jail . Shame on me ! Shame on us ! " he wrote of Saberi , who has a Japanese mother , in the letter . Saberi was jailed on January 31 this year , tried on April 13 and sentenced on April 18 to eight years . Her appeal was on May 10 and she was freed the next day . Now , Ghobadi says , he is planning to go to New York this week to be with Saberi , who is currently staying in Vienna with her family . They both plan to write books and then , maybe , do another film together . Ghobadi says he wants to start a family and get married to Saberi as soon as they can . But first they will take a few weeks to process everything that has happened : "  We need the time , " he says .	Iranian filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi talks about his film 's co-writer Roxana Saberi American journalist Saberi was recently released from jail in Iran after three months Ghobadi says he feels responsible for her time in jail and that they will marry soon "  No One Knows about Persian Cats " chronicles underground musicians in Tehran
CNN Student News  -- July 14 , 2011 Download a PDF map related to today 's show :  Atlanta , Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : That airplane means it 's time for a new summer edition of CNN Student News ! Hi , everyone . I 'm Tomeka Jones . And this week , we 're focusing on connections ; specifically , Career Connections ! Career Connections : Recruiter JONES : That 's the name of a segment we debuted this past school year . The goal of Career Connections is to give you guys a look at some of the different jobs around CNN . But first , we want to look at jobs in general . You definitely want to take notes for this ! Candice McLemore is here to give us some career advice from a recruiter 's perspective . Hi , Candice , thank you so much for joining us ! CANDICE MCLEMORE , PROFESSIONAL RECRUITER , TURNER BROADCASTING , INC. : Thanks for having me . JONES : First question : What exactly does a recruiter do ? MCLEMORE : A recruiter basically has the role of finding qualified and talented employees for a company . JONES : Can you share with our audience , which is a middle and high school audience , a few dos and some do n'ts on how to put together a resume ? MCLEMORE : Sure . I would say in terms of dos , first of all , pick a very simple format . You do n't have to get elaborate ; you do n't want to use a lot of different fonts or colors or fancy items on your resume . You want somebody to be able to view it very quickly and to understand what your skills and your qualifications are . And secondly , in terms of the content , I would say really think about what are the qualities and qualifications that you have . Certainly you can list job duties that you 've had at previous companies , but you also want to think outside the box in terms of accomplishments as well . Did you solve a particular problem ? Did you win an award ? Were you on a particular dean 's list or things like that ? Try to think about other accomplishments that you can encompass , and then also other involvement that you 've had outside of the work world as well . So , think about volunteer organizations that you 've been a part of . And then also , certainly , any technical systems or software , things like that , that you may know how to use , even if you 've used it in your personal space and not professionally . If it 's a skill that you have , you should include that on your resume . JONES : OK , my last question : speaking to that middle or high school student , what tips and tricks maybe you can provide for them to get ahead of the competition ? MCLEMORE : I would say for them to get ahead of the competition , to really get involved either in their school , in organizations or on their campuses when they go off to college . One of the things that our company looks for for our interns is people who are really passionate about what we do , but have also put that in to practice in any way that they can . So , if they want to be a publicist , they 're on the PR committee for their student organization , or their sorority or whatever it may be . They 're not just going to classes . They 're doing more and taking more time to get exposure in any way that they can , even in their extracurricular activities . Career Connections Advice JONES : Do n't put away that pen and paper yet ! A few CNN professionals also have some great advice to share . They talked about their jobs in Career Connections segments last school year . If you missed those reports , go to CNNStudentNews.com to check them out . In the meantime , here 's what those employees had to say about how to get a jump start on your career . BEGIN VIDEO SUMMER SULEIMAN , CNN VIDEO JOURNALIST : It 's definitely OK not knowing exactly what you want to do and saying "  this is what I want to be in ten years . " The best part is the journey there allows you to experience and try different things until you find what really works for you . MONIQUE SMITH , CNN PRODUCTION ASSISTANT : The advice that I would give is if your school has a broadcasting program , make sure you are in that program . Find out what your passion is , because whenever you find out something that you really feel strongly about and you have a good background in it , whatever you decide to do it wo n't feel like work . It will just feel like something that you 're doing for fun because you 're interested in it . JAMES CURRY , CNN INTERNATIONAL PRODUCER : One of the best pieces of advice I was given is treat every job like you 're running for political office . That does n't mean go shake hands and kiss babies and all that kind of stuff . It just means get your name out there , let people know you 're interested and pursue it , and do n't stop . STEPHANIE TODD , CNN EXECUTIVE PRODUCER : Being proactive , I think , in any field is the way to go , and having ideas and not being afraid to speak out and being confident in yourself . You should n't get discouraged by if someone gives you some sort of criticism or critique or feedback . You just have to know that you believe in yourself and you 've done your best . JOE CARTER , HLN ANCHOR/REPORTER : You have to have passion in everything you do . Does n't matter if it 's at work or at home or at school , you have to have passion . You have to come with energy and excitement . Persistence , because there is another person willing to take it from you if you do n't keep pushing forward . Patience , which is it does n't all come at the beginning . It takes time , actually , to get where you want to be . It does n't happen overnight . And positioning , so every day you wake up you 've got to think about how you can better yourself for tomorrow . AMBER LYON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : A lesson to everybody , whether you 're a journalist or any other type of career , is be willing to take risks . Because if you 're truly passionate about it , follow your passion and success will follow . It will pay off in the end . END VIDEO Blog Report JONES : So , are you connecting with any specific career yet ? We asked you guys that question on our blog last year . Some of you may have changed your minds , and that 's okay . But here 's what a few of you had to say then . Caitlin said she wants to be a second grade teacher . She says it 's easy for her to learn about this career . All she has to do is observe her current teachers . Coleton dreams of becoming an archeologist so he can make important discoveries . On the other hand , Tyler said he wants to be a kid a little longer and do the stuff as a kid he wo n't do as an adult . He said sometimes you have to slow down . Kassandra and Olivia have something in common : they both want to be veterinarians when they get older . And Gavin believes that no matter how young you are , it is never a bad idea to give some thought to your possible profession . He says in these economic times , good jobs are hard to find . Blog Promo JONES : Some of you might be spending your summer working . Well , whether you 're interning with a company or just plain old having fun , we want you to tell us about it ! There are two ways you can do it : write on our blog or send in a video . You have to at least be 13 to do that . You can do both at CNNStudentNews.com . Goodbye JONES : We 've finished the job for now , but we 're already working on our next summer show . Be sure to recruit your friends to tune in next week . For CNN Student News , I 'm Tomeka Jones .	CNN Student News is producing special , web-only shows all summer long Consider some career advice from a professional recruiter 's perspective Get some tips from CNN professionals on jump starting your career
Nigerian troops backed by civilian vigilantes reclaimed the northeastern town of Chibok late Saturday , a military spokesman and a community leader said Sunday . The town had been seized by Boko Haram militants on Thursday . Chibok is the scene of the April 14 abduction of over 200 schoolgirls by Boko Haram , which sparked global outrage . "  Our troops have recaptured Chibok from Boko Haram terrorists who invaded it on Thursday , " said Col. Sani Usman , military spokesman for Borno state . "  The town was retaken late Saturday by troops working alongside civilian vigilantes after crushing the terrorists . "  Troops are still conducting mop-up operation in nearby villages to flush out remnants of the terrorists , " Usman said . Scores of Boko Haram militants drove into the town around 4:00 p.m. Thursday and engaged soldiers protecting the town and local vigilantes in a fierce gunfight , forcing re sidents to flee . The militants blew up all telecommunications towers in the town with rocket-propelled grenades , making the town unreachable by telephone . Pogu Bitrus , head of the Chibok Elders Forum , confirmed the takeover of the town from Boko Haram but gave credit to the vigilantes for the victory . "  I can confirm that Chibok has been reclaimed from Boko Haram by our vigilantes with the assistance of soldiers , " Bitrus said . "  I spoke with the leader of the vigilantes via satellite phone and he confirmed the good news to me , " said Bitrus , who lives in Nigeria 's capital , Abuja . "  The vigilantes entered Chibok and fought Boko Haram from inside while soldiers laid siege outside the town and take down any fleeing militants , " he said . Chibok was strewn with weapons , vehicles and other personal effects abandoned by the defeated insurgents , Bitrus said . Civilian vigilantes have in recent days taken center stage in the fight against Boko Haram Islamists , who have seized over two dozen towns and villages in northeastern Nigeria in the past two months . Bitrus said soldiers fled when Boko Haram attacked Chibok , leaving the vigilantes to fight . The vigilantes had to withdraw when they ran out of ammunition for their shotguns . On Thursday over 200 vigilantes and local hunters clawed back the town of Mubi , the commercial hub of Adamawa st ate , which was seized by Boko Haram two weeks ago . The vigilantes on Wednesday reportedly took back the town of Maiha after a prolonged gun battle in which scores of the insurgents were killed . The fleeing Islamists regrouped and took over the towns of Hong and Gombi as well as Chibok . Hong and Gombi are still under Boko Haram control , according to residents .	Nigerian troops backed by civilian vigilantes reclaim the town of Chibok Chibok had been seized by Boko Haram militants two days earlier The town of Chibok is where 200 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram in April
CNN  -- Ex-Germany international Jens Lehmann is set to make a sensational return to English club Arsenal ten months after announcing his retirement from soccer . Manager Arsene Wenger confirmed the 41-year-old has re-signed for the title-chasing Gunners on a rolling monthly contract three years after leaving for Stuttgart . Lehmann , who made 199 appearances for Arsenal between 2003 and 2008 , also represented Germany on 61 occasions before retiring in May 2010 . He was part of Arsenal 's ` Invincibles ' side who went through the entire 2003-04 season unbeaten as they secured the English Premier League title . Wenger insisted it was a good move for the club , who have been knocked out of three competitions in the last three weeks , given injuries to Wojciech Szczesny , Vito Mannone and Lukasz Fabianski . He told reporters : "  Lehmann is training with us and will sign for the rest of the season . "  We have no cover in the Premier League , so that is why I decided to bring Jens back . I 'm happy because when Jens is in training he is as motivated as ever . "  If he has to play , if I choose to play him , his huge motivational level will be vitally important . " Lehmann told the club 's website : "  I 'm very excited to be rejoining Arsenal . I have kept myself fit since the end of last season and I 'm ready to contribute at any time for the team . "  I have many great memories from my previous time at the club and Arsenal has always had a place in my heart . It 's special to be coming back . " Lehmann enjoyed a notoriously fractious relationship with Arsenal 's current number one goalkeeper , Spaniard Manuel Almunia , with several of their disagreements spilling over into the public arena . Lehmann lost his place to Almunia in 2007 with the German calling it "  humiliating . " He told German television : "  To be sitting on the bench behind somebody who only started to play when he was 30 is not funny . I am very angry . " Almunia responded by telling British newspaper The Guardian : "  To have someone here who hates me is just amazing . " But despite the history of acrimony between the pair , Wenger insisted Lehmann 's arrival would not be a problem as Arsenal try to overhaul Manchester United 's three point lead at the top of the Premier League . He added : "  There has been much more said about that relationship than what happened . There is a lot of respect between the two goalkeepers . "  I think Jens Lehmann will get the best out of Almunia , because he will show him every day he is ready to fight for his place -- as he has always been . Almunia will be motivated by that . "	Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger confirms Jens Lehmann set to re-sign for the club Lehmann spent five years at Arsenal between 2003-2008 Former Germany international retired from the game in May 2010 Lehmann has had controversial career and fell out with Arsenal keeper Manuel Almunia
CNN  -- The University of Montana will overhaul its handling of sexual harassment and assault complaints after a federal probe found "  real and significant " problems , the Justice Department announced Thursday . Justice and the Department of Education began investigating the school last year , after allegations that 11 complaints of sexual assault involving students had not been investigated thoroughly because of gender bias . Settlements with both departments will ensure that future complaints are addressed quickly and fairly and that students who bring them are protected from retaliation , officials said . "  We have worked together to create a blueprint for reform that can serve as a model across this country , " Deputy Assistant Attorney General Roy Austin told reporters . Seth Galanter , the head of the Education Department 's civil rights office , said those problems created "  a climate of fear " on the campus that drove some female students to quit . Austin called the problems "  real and significant . " But those officials praised the Missoula-based school and its president , Royce Engstrom , for addressing them . "  In the last year-and-a-half , President Engstrom has made several bold and difficult decisions , " said Mike Cotter , the U.S. attorney for Montana . Those decisions will change the school 's culture and were "  absolutely the right thing to do , " he said . The federal investigation began after a university-commissioned review by a Montana Supreme Court justice , Diane Barz . Barz found the school has "  a problem of sexual assault on and off campus . " The Justice Department said it still was investigating the Missoula Police Department and the Missoula County attorney 's office regarding allegations that they , too , failed to investigate complaints of sexual assault .	There was a "  climate of fear " among female students at Montana , official says University agreements will be a "  blueprint for reform , " Justice official says Investigations into Missoula police and prosecutor 's offices remain open
CNN  -- Wrestler Edward Fatu , better known as the hulking , tattooed WWE superstar "  Umaga , " died Friday of a heart attack in a Houston , Texas , hospital , a family friend said . Born in American Samoa , Fatu , 36 , was a member of the famous Anoa'i wrestling family , which includes cousin Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson , his two uncles , who wrestled as The Wild Samoans in the 1980s , and brothers , Sam "  Tonga Kid " and Solofa Jr. "  Rikishi , " according to Wrestlers Rescue , a support group for retired professional wrestlers . The two-time WWE Intercontinental champion , also known as "  The Samoan Bulldozer , " squared off with the likes of Triple H , John Cena and Ric Flair before the WWE terminated his contract in June for having violated the WWE 's Wellness Program and refusing to enter rehab , the WWE said on its site . The organization offered its condolences to his family in a brief statement on its site . To friends and family , Fatu was a devoted father who was looking forward to spending more time with his children after leaving the WWE . "  He had his demons , but he found a lot of strength in his family , " said Dawn Marie Psaltis , family friend and founder of Wrestlers Rescue . "  He was always a jokester , he was always playing a practical joke on someone . He comes from a long line of professional wrestlers and did his family proud . "	Relatives include cousin Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson and uncles The Wild Samoans WWE says it terminated his contract for violating Wellness Program , refusing to enter rehab Fatu was looking forward to spending time with children after leaving WWE , friend says
CNN  -- A Florida pastor who canceled plans for his congregation to burn Qurans on the anniversary of the September 11 attacks had the right to follow through with his intentions , Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer said Wednesday . In an interview Wednesday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " the associate justice compared the act of burning Islam 's holy book to setting the American on flag on fire when asked whether the Rev. Terry Jones had the right to carry out the controversial plan . "  We protect expression that we hate , " he said . "  When you have a country of 300 million different people who think different things , it is helpful . It is helpful to tell everyone , ` You can think what you want . ' " Breyer , who served in the Army , acknowledged that witnessing an American flag being burned during the Vietnam War era triggered "  a physical reaction of repulsion " in him . But , he added , free speech applies equally to popular and unpopular statements . "  It 's so often I hear people say -- and particularly in college students -- ` Well , that 's just so terrible what he 's saying . ' I say , ` Oh , you think that free speech is only for people who do n't say things that are terrible ? ' " he said . Breyer , who was appointed by President Bill Clinton , also discussed his new book , "  Making our Democracy Work , " which he said is intended as a lesson on how the court works for a generation of people who have n't had the same education in civics that he did . Yet he said he was not bothered by a poll that found two-thirds of respondents could n't name a single Supreme Court justice , and recalled a similar poll a few years back that there were more people who could name the Three Stooges than three Supreme Court Justices . "  I say that 's fine , if they do n't know my name . What is n't fine at all is they ca n't name the three branches of government , " he said . "  Then we 're in trouble . " Reflecting on difficult cases from his 16 years on the court , Breyer recalled two cases that found him in the minority . Bush v. Gore was "  stressful " at the time , he said , due to its magnitude and the short length of time the justices had to decide it . "  A lot turned on the outcome , we feared or thought . And what I did , like the others , is the job of the court . ... decide and control your stress . And keep yourself under control . " He also recalled tests of public school affirmative action plans in Seattle , Washington , and Louisville , Kentucky , where local officials sought to use race as a criterion to grant white students admission to the schools to integrate them . "  I thought yes , let local cities work it out for themselves . The court ruled it was contrary to the Constitution , the Equal Protection Clause , " he said . Does Breyer ever prejudge when he hears a case ? "  Yes . A lot , " he told King . "  Think of how you make decisions . What is it to be open-minded ? It is n't to be a blank slate , " he said . "  You start with something . But if your mind is open , you 're open to being persuaded to the contrary . "	Breyer says free speech applies equally to popular and unpopular statements "  We protect expression that we hate , " he says , comparing act to right to burn American flag Breyer 's new book , "  Making our Democracy Work , " intended as civic lesson on courts On prejudging cases , Breyer says , "  if your mind is open , you 're open to being persuaded "
CNN  Hillary Clinton is back in the middle of an unfolding controversy . The revelation that as secretary of state she maintained a private email account , and that she had a private computer server in her New York home , sent shock waves through the world of politics last week . Questions arose about whether Clinton conducted her official business on private email , possibly violating regulations that were written to ensure that the activities of government officials remain accessible to the public . Republicans jumped on the story . "  It makes you wonder , " said Reince Preibus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee . "  Did she use the private emails so she could conduct diplomacy and fund-raising at the same time ? " Even many Democrats are worried about the implications of this recent story . Their front-runner , their "  inevitable " nominee for 2016 , now seems vulnerable . Many in Washington are anticipating that the scandal is only getting started . This is not the first time that Hillary Clinton has found herself in this situation . She has spent much of her political career battling scandals . When her husband , Bill Clinton , was president of the United States , she was one of the first targets of the earliest investigations into the administration -- "  Travel-gate , " "  File-gate " and the Whitewater affair . She stood by her husband 's side later in his presidency when House Republicans moved to impeach him for having lied about his sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky , a White House intern . Although Clinton enjoyed a bit of a break when serving in the Senate , the controversies resumed once she became secretary of state under President Obama . During her tenure , Republicans became consumed with multiple investigations into her role in the tragic Benghazi attacks . Although the investigations failed to find any evidence of wrongdoing , the issue became a rallying point for conservative activists and fund-raisers . Some Republicans now claim that the emails will provide the data that they have been looking for to prove what they were saying . But those observers who are predicting her demise should remember that Hillary Clinton has proven to be remarkably resilient over the years . Each time she or her family has been hit with a scandal , she has survived . She has proven to be an extraordinarily tough fighter who turns these challenges into opportunities to become stronger . As Kate McKinnon , playing Hillary Clinton on "  Saturday Night Live " said , "  Nice try . ... This is NOT how Hillary Clinton goes down . " Based on her history , what can we expect from the Clinton scandal playbook ? Attack the accuser and the investigative process : Nobody has done this better than Hillary Clinton . When her husband first confronted charges about his affair , Clinton famously went on television and spoke about a "  right-wing conspiracy " that she claimed was driving the scandal . Although the revelation that the affair did occur brought her family great embarrassment , her charge became part of a larger counterattack from the administration that proved to be extremely effective . The Clintons zeroed in on the hyperpartisanship of some members of the GOP , such as House Speaker Newt Gingrich , claiming that the Republicans in Congress were on a mission to pull off a political coup . She employed a similar strategy with the Benghazi investigations , arguing that the inquiry was more a political tool used to rally the base than a serious investigation . We are likely to hear similar arguments now , particularly since the email controversy has opened up right as the campaign season is taking off . As more Republicans ca n't resist jumping on the issue , Clinton will push back , focusing public attention less on the issue than on the idea that this is part of a political narrative to bring her down . Stick it out : One thing that Hillary Clinton and her husband understand well is that the news media love a good scandal feeding frenzy , but that soon enough reporters move on . The American public , which is now used to fast-paced and constantly changing news stories , will follow the coverage as it shifts to a new story even after weeks , or months , of attention on one single issue . Remember the Ebola crisis ? Not many people do , though for a time it was all anyone was talking about . As Brendan Nyhan wrote in The New York Times : "  If there 's one thing we 've learned from past presidential campaigns , it 's that most supposed game-changers like this quickly fade from the memory of the political class , having never been noticed by most Americans in the first place . " When dealing with scandal , Hillary Clinton and her husband have avoided taking any rash action , ignoring whispers about resignation or discussions about major apologies . Instead they strike back against their opponents and wait out the news cycle until the frenzy dies down . People should not expect Clinton to do anything drastic in the near future . Her first move , via Twitter , was to announce in straightforward fashion that she has asked the State Department to review and release some of the email as soon as possible . While some Democrats are champing at the bit to use this opportunity to push other members of their party  Elizabeth Warren !  into the political fray , Clinton is not going to give them any space to do this . She will wait until reporters and Congress move in a different direction . Rally the party base : If there is one thing that the Clintons understand , it is that their party is desperate for a good fight . After years of dealing with congressional Republicans and the hardball tactics of conservative activists , the Clintons appreciate that members of their party are searching for leaders who will take on their opponents . Democrats are tired of elected officials who roll over too easily when attacked by Republicans . This has been one of the major complaints from Democrats about Obama . Even when many Democrats were furious with the White House following the Monica Lewinsky revelation , the Clintons appealed to partisan instincts and rallied the troops to fight for them as a way to push back against the GOP . By 1998 , they had transformed the issue from being about Clinton and perjury to a struggle to protect the Democratic Party . Clinton will do this again . Democrats are feeling particularly vulnerable ever since former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush entered the race , bringing star power to a GOP campaign that seemed filled with lightweights and flawed candidates . Given that Democrats feel the stakes are enormously high to keep control of the White House so that the next president can protect Obama 's programs from Republican attack , Clinton will appeal to that instinct to carry her through . Will it work ? That remains to be seen . It will depend on the scale and scope of the upcoming revelations and what her opponents decide to do with the material . But the Clinton playbook is pretty clear and road-tested . If Clinton 's critics and opponents expect her to just roll over , they really have n't been studying their history .	Zelizer : The former secretary of state has decades of experience in managing controversy He says Clinton and her husband know how to turn controversy into a tool to energize Democrats
Airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS targeted the Islamist rebel group Ahrar al Sham for the first time overnight in Syria , a monitoring group said Thursday . One airstrike hit the headquarters for Ahrar al Sham in Babsaqa , Idlib province , near the Bab al-Hawa border crossing with Turkey , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Activist video and photos from the scene claimed to show a large explosion and a building blown into rubble . Ahrar al Sham is a Sunni Muslim group that is not on the U.S. list of designated terrorist organizations and so far has not been hit by coalition airstrikes . One of the more conservative Sunni militant groups in the rebel alliance , Ahrar al Sham has members that sometimes fight alongside the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamist militant group Jabhat al-Nusra , but against ISIS . They are not linked to al Qaeda , have not pledged allegiance to al Qaeda , and are not named as a terror group by the United States . There are mixed opinions on how radical the group is , mostly because its entire leadership was killed in a September blast and the new leadership 's intentions are not yet clear , although some observers anticipate a more radical direction . This may have prompted concern in some quarters that it could become more closely allied to Jabhat al-Nusra , also known as al-Nusra Front , which has been gaining ground in Syria . However , Ahrar members are also seen by many Syrians as moderates who protect them -- and these strikes , if they did hit Ahrar , risk again confirming the idea that the United States is seeking to benefit the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Report : Children hit in strike The U.S.-led coalition carried out other airstrikes overnight Wednesday to Thursday , including one apparently targeting a vehicle belonging to al-Nusra in Sarmada , a town also in Idlib province on the border with Turkey . Video posted by activists purported to show a car in flames on the street in Sarmada while people watched it burn . The coalition also struck the headquarters of al-Nusra Front in the city of Harim , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said , with initial reports indicating that two children were killed and other people were injured . Photos posted by activists claimed to show the bodies of two young children covered in dust with severe injuries , along with other men being treated by doctors in a clinic . CNN has not independently verified the images . Like ISIS , al-Nusra Front is trying to establish an Islamic state , though primarily in Syria . It has emerged as one of the most effective groups fighting the Syrian regime , drawing on foreign fighters with combat experience in Iraq and elsewhere . At least six militants from al-Nusra were also killed in a U.S.-led coalition airstrike in the western part of Aleppo , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday , citing reliable sources in the embattled city in northwestern Syria . The airstrike also caused massive damage to the group 's local headquarters in an area known as al-Muhameen , in the western Aleppo countryside , according to the monitoring group . U.S. official : Khorasan bomb-maker targeted A senior U.S. military official told CNN Thursday that all strikes around Idlib on Wednesday night targeted the Khorasan Group . There were no strikes targeting al-Nusra or any other group , he said . According to a U.S. defense official who has access to the latest information about the strikes , a key French jihadist belonging to the Khorasan Group was killed in one of them . The United States fired at a vehicle it believes was carrying David Drugeon , a skilled Khorasan bomb-maker who also has ties to core al Qaeda members in Pakistan . U.S. intelligence agencies believe Drugeon has facilitated the movement of European jihadists to Syria and back to Europe , raising worries they could then travel to the United States . Drugeon traveled to Syria in the last two years from Pakistan , where he worked with al Qaeda . There were a total of five strikes against Khorasan targets near Idlib , the official said , using both drones and fighter aircraft . The official could not say which type of aircraft struck Drugeon 's vehicle . The United States has been searching for top Khorasan leaders since it determined initial strikes against the group in September failed to kill its main leadership . In the wake of the strikes against the Khorasan Group in September , U.S. Central Command spoke of "  action to disrupt the imminent attack plotting against the United States and Western interests . " The group was formed by senior al Qaeda members based in Pakistan who traveled to Syria to direct operations , CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen reported , citing British and U.S. officials . "  Khorasan " is an ancient term for an Islamic empire . Obama administration could expand Syria mission Analyst : Targeting Ahrar could backfire If Ahrar al Sham has been targeted -- rather than another target being sought that happened to be in Ahrar 's headquarters , or the strike being a targeting blunder -- it could be a complex matter for U.S. policy , while also raising the specter of so-called mission creep . "  If Ahrar has indeed been targeted , it may well have deeply damaging consequences in terms of Syrians ' perception of U.S. objectives in their country , " said Charles Lister , a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center and a leading expert on ISIS and Syria . "  For many opposition Syrians , targeting ISIS makes sense , targeting Nusra is unpopular , but targeting a group like Ahrar , despite their conservative base , would undoubtedly backfire . "  Unfortunately , it would seem that the U.S.-led coalition is still in reaction mode -- each mistake will force more reaction , but all the time , our objectives are getting further and further from us . " According to Lister , Ahrar has been going through a significant process of top-down moderation over the past nine months , with considerable consequences for the group 's willingness to compromise on political objectives . "  If it 's been done , adding Ahrar onto the list of coalition targets threatens to reverse this moderating process , to the detriment of international interests , " he said of the apparent targeting of the group .	U.S. defense official says Khorasan Group bomb-maker was killed in an airstrike At least six al-Nusra Front militants killed in airstrike near Aleppo , monitoring group says Airstrike hits Islamist group Ahrar al Sham , Syrian human rights group says Ahrar al Sham is a Sunni Muslim group that is not on a U.S. list of designated terror groups
CNN  -- If Oprah Winfrey were a close friend and you had a secret to tell , she 'd be an obvious choice to go to for some relief . Not necessarily because she would n't broadcast it , but because she 'd probably hold your hand , ease the tension , listen sympathetically and not make you feel too bad about yourself if the secret 's more like a skeleton . You both might even shed a few tears . In essence , this is the persona that Winfrey has crafted over the years as she 's moved from newcomer host on "  AM Chicago , " to the queen of daytime TV with "  The Oprah Winfrey Show , " to the current chief executive officer of OWN , the Oprah Winfrey Network . She 's relatable , but still inspiring ; candid without being crass ; and about as vulnerable as a billionaire media titan can be . "  One of Oprah 's major products is redemption , " Kathryn Lofton , a professor of religious and American studies at Yale University , told The Globe and Mail . "  She sold the experience of confession -- of hearing somebody 's darkest story , and offering to them the possibility of relief from its articulation . " As a result , Winfrey has inspired her fair share of televised confessions , from everyday guests to high-profile names . If you need to come clean and find a new path , Winfrey 's the one to show you how to do it . Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong is the latest celebrity to sit down with Winfrey for a "  no-holds-barred " two-part chat set to begin airing on her network Thursday night . In the pre-taped "  Oprah 's Next Chapter " interview , Armstrong is expected to admit to using performance-enhancing substances during his heralded career -- a sharp about-face after he steadfastly denied doping allegations . Stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned from the sport , Armstrong is not only facing a mountainous public relations hurdle , but also possible legal ramifications . While Winfrey has said she 's never had an interview this big in terms of exposure , she does have a reputation as a go-to for the celebrity confessional interview . In the past , we 've seen notable guests drop by "  Oprah " when they needed to get something off their chests , address missteps , overhaul their images , or all of the above . After a video appeared to catch Sarah Ferguson , the Duchess of York , getting money for access to her ex-husband , Ferguson went to Winfrey . Ellen DeGeneres was sure to hit the "  Oprah " show when she made the decision to come out in 1997 . DeGeneres even invited Winfrey for a cameo appearance on her prime-time comedy , "  Ellen . " There was also former track and field star Marion Jones ' post-prison talk with Winfrey in 2008 -- memorable for the athlete 's tears -- and Whitney Houston 's frank and at turns unsettling discussion of drug use with Winfrey in 2009 . "  Oprah is known for giving the interviewee fair time and creating a relaxed environment , " Sean Cassidy , president of public relations firm DKC , said via e-mail of Winfrey 's draw . "  She gives the subject a lot of rope and room to talk . " These sit-downs do n't always yield the answers the audience is looking for , but Winfrey has a knack for creating a rapport with her guests that makes it , at the very least , a riveting watch .  Exhibit A : Tom Cruise getting so comfortable with Winfrey that he thought it was OK to jump on her couch while professing his love for Katie Holmes . For example , David Letterman opened up to Winfrey last week about suffering from depression and the 2009 scandal he caused when he admitted to sleeping with staffers on his late night show . "  I have no one to blame but myself , " Letterman told Winfrey , expressing the kind of self-reflection viewers at home want to see . "  In Letterman 's case -- and certainly with Lance Armstrong -- she is probing very uncomfortable , damaging and embarrassing behavior , " Cassidy continued . "  Individuals facing these situations are uncomfortable with a rapid-fire line of questioning -- they shut down , act stiff or stick to a script . Oprah is able to create an atmosphere that is conducive to these types of uncomfortable interviews . " Part of that could be because of her brand 's emphasis on renewal and transformation , with some of her content instructing participants on how to repair past damage to move forward and clear room for one 's "  best life . " "  This idea of the confessional as a way of apologizing , as a way of transforming yourself ... and mak  ing  things better is something that Oprah really banks on , " said Catherine Squires , the Cowles professor of journalism , diversity and equality at the University of Minnesota . "  All of the celebrity advice people that she 's spawned like Dr. Phil and Dr. Oz , it 's all about saying you take personal responsibility for yourself , and focusing on this idea that everyone has to figure out some magic formula to make themselves a better person . " Indeed , the best outcome for anyone walking through Winfrey 's confession session would be the opportunity to hit the restart button -- a goal that may have factored into Armstrong 's choice to come forward now and talk to Winfrey . In an interview with "  CBS This Morning " on Tuesday , not even Winfrey could say definitively why Armstrong decided at this point to come forward , but she did say it was a difficult interview and that Armstrong "  brought it . " That euphemism may not have satisfied the skeptical , however , who have pointed out that talking with Armstrong about his transgressions would n't be the same as exploring a slip-up by a pop star . "  The major criticism with her interviews is that she 's a soft-baller , " said TVGuide.com staff editor Joyce Eng . "  When it came out that Lance was going to do this interview , it was like , ` Of course , ' because she 's not going to be hard-hitting with him . You watch ` Oprah 's Next Chapter , ' and Rihanna 's crying on it . There 's that expectation that she 's going to go a little easy on him . " Winfrey herself has said that she prepared for this interview as if it were a college exam , and walked into it with 112 questions to ask -- although she did n't get to all of them . But perhaps Winfrey 's CBS interview was the most interesting confession of all in this scenario , suggested the University of Minnesota 's Squires . After all , it ca n't be ignored what a great opportunity this is for the media mogul to expose -- and , really , just help viewers find -- her new cable network . "  The fact that she did interviews about getting the Armstrong interview is interesting . ... When she had her own daytime show , she would n't need to do any pre-press or pre-publicity , because everybody would know that Lance Armstrong was going to be on ` Oprah , ' " Squires said . "  Her network does not get the viewership that her show got , so for her to get the Lance Armstrong interview is as much about proving she has still has it as anything about whether Armstrong is going to be forgiven by the public , or get a ` get out of jail free ' card from the people who are investigating him . "	Oprah Winfrey has a reputation for being a master of confessional TV Stars turn to her because she creates a comfortable atmosphere The idea of confession and renewal is also a part of her brand Her latest "  celebrity confessional " will be Lance Armstrong
CNN  -- A British theater producer who was briefly jailed in Uganda because of his play about the challenges facing gay people in the African nation said Wednesday the case against him had been dropped . Homosexual acts are illegal in Uganda , where most gays and lesbians face physical attacks and are treated as social outcasts . David Cecil told CNN he was in the Ugandan court when the magistrate dismissed the case . Read more : Uganda lawmakers to vote on anti-gay law Speaking by phone from Kampala , he said the magistrate told the court Cecil had complied with the investigation , and was clearly not afraid to face the charges . However , the magistrate said the prosecution failed to provide evidence to substantiate the charges , Cecil said . The charges themselves have not been dropped , Cecil added , but if the state wanted to reopen the case , the magistrate made clear it would have to start again from the beginning . Cecil said he was confident the state would not reopen the case . He said plans to stay in Uganda , where his family lives . Read more : Uganda bans 38 agencies it says are promoting gay rights Cecil was briefly jailed in September after he was arrested on charges of "  disobedience of lawful orders " for staging the play without authorization . His lawyer , John Onyango , said then that Cecil could be imprisoned for two years , if convicted . The play , "  The River and the Mountain , " features an all-Ugandan cast , and tells the story of a gay businessman killed by his employees . It uses the life of its main character -- a young businessman whose friends desert him after his revelation that he 's a homosexual -- to highlight the challenges of gays in Uganda . The character 's mother unsuccessfully intervenes to "  cure " him of his homosexuality , and his colleagues later kill him . Read more : British producer faces 2 years in prison for play about gay challenges in Uganda Late last year , lawmakers in Uganda were mulling a new anti-homosexuality bill that proposes tough jail sentences for consensual same-sex behavior . Amnesty International , which has urged the Ugandan parliament not to pass the legislation , says it "  would have lasting , harmful effects on Ugandans who are thought to breach its far-reaching provisions . " Parliament is expected to reconvene in February , the rights group said , after which it could decide to table a vote . Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in Africa , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	British theater producer David Cecil says a magistrate has dismissed the case against him The magistrate said prosecutors had given no evidence to substantiate the charges , he said Cecil was detained for staging a play about the challenges faced by homosexuals in Uganda Homosexual acts are illegal in Uganda , where most gays and lesbians face discrimination
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- The clicking of dozens of news cameras drowned out the sobs of the 13-year-old girl , but her face explained what was happening in the departure hall of Japan 's Narita International Airport . Arlan and Sarah Calderon hug their daughter Noriko farewell . Noriko Calderon , wearing her school uniform , was being forced to make one of the most wrenching choices of her young life : To stay in the country of her birth rather than join her parents being deported to the Philippines . The scene was the emotional climax to a story a decade and a half in the making -- one that has tugged at heartstrings in Japan , but ultimately failed to sway to an unyielding bureaucracy that activists say violates human rights . Sound off : Do you think Japanese authorities are doing the right thing ? Filipinos Arlan and Sarah Calderon illegally entered Japan in the early 1990s on fake passports . They married and had a daughter , Noriko . Arlan found a stable job working for a construction company . Noriko grew up Japanese , attending school and never learning her parents ' native language . Noriko , like many Tokyo girls her age , loves hip-hop and hopes to be a dancer or a teacher at a dance school someday . But her future in the only country she 's ever known went into limbo when Japanese immigration authorities arrested her mother in 2006 . Her parents decided to fight Japan 's notoriously rigid immigration laws and for three years under a harsh media spotlight , they argued their case all the way to the country 's High Court , saying Arlan is gainfully employed and their daughter only speaks Japanese . The family lost their case in the High Court , and Japan ordered Arlan and Sarah Calderon be deported back to the Philippines . Watch CNN interview with family " Activists claim Japan 's notoriously rigid immigration laws violate human rights . An estimated 500 families are in the same situation according to lawyers , who accuse Japan of not respecting the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child . Japan 's Immigration Bureau in a statement to CNN said the couple 's illegal presence in the country as an "  extremely malicious " violation that "  shakes the foundation of Japan 's immigration control . " But when it came to 13 year old Noriko , the government gave the girl a choice : Her country or her parents . "  Japan is my homeland , " says Noriko , when asked why she is choosing to stay behind . She will move in with an aunt , allowed to stay in Japan under a visa that the government will reassess yearly . Her life , say her parents , will be better in Japan . She 'll have schooling and the dreams a big city like Tokyo can offer her , versus the impoverished farm community her parents will move back to in the Philippines . But as the Calderons packed up their small apartment in the days leading up to the deportation , the reality of what would soon happen to the family became more and more harsh . "  Until I 'm an adult , I need my parents , " Noriko said , her pink cheeks stained with tears . "  We wo n't be there when she needs us the most , " said Arlan Calderon . "  She has to protect herself on her own . I 'm so sorry about that . " Shogo Watanabe , the Calderons ' attorney , collected more than 20,000 signatures in Japan to try and keep the family together in the country . "  Children should be protected when their parents are punished . It 's the child 's right . But there 's no consideration for that at all . I do not think the government is being flexible , " said Watanabe . Under Japanese immigration laws , the Calderons wo n't be allowed back into Japan for five years . They 've asked for a special waiver to visit their daughter after a year , but it has n't been granted yet . So their last , public hug could be the last time they see their daughter until she 's 18 .	Noriko Calderon born and raised in Japan by Filipino parents Parents deported after years of living in country Schoolgirl says she will stay , meaning she may not see parents until she 's 18
American football players and fans alike braved bone-chilling conditions in Green Bay Sunday during one of the coldest games in National Football League  NFL  history . The temperature at the Green Bay Packers ' Lambeau Field in Wisconsin was measured at four degrees Fahrenheit , with wind chill causing the mercury to dip as low as minus 14 during the visit of the San Francisco 49ers . An arctic front pushing through the Midwest , which has become known as a "  polar vortex , " was the reason for the frigid conditions , with players donning long sleeves and balaclavas beneath their helmets in a bid to keep warm during the seventh coldest game the league has ever seen . One player who persisted with short sleeves was 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick , who masterminded his team 's 23-20 victory . Jim Harbaugh , coach of the San Francisco 49ers , was so concerned by the cold that he had asked Kaepernick , a Wisconsin native and childhood Packers fan , three times to wear more weather appropriate gear . "  I 'm a little hardheaded at times , " Kaepernick , who also played without gloves , told reporters . "  I played in cold-weather games before . I feel it 's more mental than anything . " Lambeau Field is something of an ice fortress when it comes to the NFL 's chilliest contests . The Packers ' 1967 meeting with the Dallas Cowboys , dubbed the "  Ice Bowl " was played despite the temperature dropping as low as minus 14 -- with the wind making it feel like minus 48 -- securing its title as the coldest game in NFL history .	The San Francisco 49ers beat the Green Bay Packers in freezing conditions Temperatures at Lambeau Field in Green Bay measured four degrees Fahrenheit Wind chill made conditions feel like minus 14 The coldest match in NFL history took place at Lambeau Field in 1967
He was only a kid , a 15-year-old with braces , when he first dove into the Olympic spotlight . He did n't win any medal at the Sydney Olympics , but he gave fans a tiny glimpse of what was to come when he swam the last 50 meters of the 200-meter butterfly faster than anyone else in the pool . He moved from eighth to fifth and moved from side note to talking point just like that . His teammate Tom Malchow told reporters at those 2000 Games , "  He 's a true competitor , and he 's going to be one of the greats . " Malchow likely meant swimming great . But did anyone expect the long , lean teenager from Baltimore to grow up to be possibly the greatest Olympian in history ? Phelps extends record breaking spree with first individual gold in London On Tuesday , Phelps won his 19th Olympic medal , more than many countries have ever won . And with a gold on Thursday he moved his overall total to 20 -- 16 gold , two silver and two bronze medals . "  It 's a combination of everything , " he told reporters last week on how he became the biggest name in swimming . "  You have to have a great work ethic . Have a strong mind , be motivated . There are so many things that come into it . "  I have a decent package so I ca n't complain . " The United States has been a world power in swimming since the days of Johnny Weissmuller , but Phelps has elevated its status like no other American competitor . Phelps talks idols , mistakes and his future NBC once broadcast the world championships live , a rarity for the sport , because Phelps was so popular . He was the first swimmer to win Sports Illustrated 's Sportsman of the Year . After every Summer Olympics the number of swimmers increases , but when Phelps won eight gold medals in an electrifying eight days in Beijing in 2008 , it grew exponentially more than previous post-Olympic years , according to a 2009 article in the Orlando Sentinel . Phelps : ` I 'm done with swimming ' Fresh off his record-setting Beijing performance , in an offseason where he was more concerned about tricking out his new apartment than training , he told Sports Illustrated he was n't worried about the future even though he was out of shape and had put on some pounds . "  When I have to turn the switch back on , I know I can . All I have to do is put my mind to something and that 's it , it 's done , " he said . It took a few years , but after some controversy he became motivated again . If Michael Phelps were a country : Counting up the medals He was banned from competition for three months in 2009 after a tabloid newspaper ran a photo of him appearing to inhale from a marijuana pipe . He almost retired , but decided the London Games would be his sendoff from the sport he began as a wispy child in Baltimore . Phelps , who started swimming to emulate his sisters at age 7 , set individual world records 29 times , and still owns records in six events . In the two competitive races he has left he probably wo n't be besting those times , now that he 's almost a swimming old man  and due to slower swimsuits  . He wraps up a career as the most decorated Olympian ever , perhaps the greatest ever . Some commentators will argue the cases of track and field 's Carl Lewis , who missed an Olympics due to a U.S. boycott , or distance runner Paavo Nurmi , who won 12 medals . Some might argue for Bjorn Daehlie , the Norwegian cross-country skier . And there 's gymnast Larisa Latynina , whose 18 medals are now second all time . It 's a class for which it does n't take long to call roll . Phelps signs off with gold as world records tumble in swimming finale	Michael Phelps swam one event in his first Olympics , placed fifth At age 15 , though , people saw his potential to be great swimmer Three Olympics later he has the most medals of all time , most golds He raised the popularity of the sport in America through record-setting performances
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel has rejected claims that his charge to the 2011 Formula One title was a procession , and says his Red Bull team 's ability to learn from their mistakes has been vital in delivering a second successive world championship . The German has been dominant this season , retaining his crown at the Japanese Grand Prix in early October . Despite spinning out of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix with a puncture on Sunday -- his first race retirement in over a year -- Vettel still enjoys a 119-point lead over second-placed McLaren driver Jenson Button . Vettel has won 11 out of the 18 races so far this season and paid tribute to the coolness of his team in helping him get the job done on the track . Vettel equals Mansell 's record in taking pole in Abu Dhabi "  One thing is for sure -- such a year does n't come your way too often , " he told the sport 's official website ahead of the final race in Brazil on November 27 . "  It was a well-woven tale right from the beginning without a moment of buckling . "  The car never let us down -- and we never let ourselves down . Sure , there were some small issues here and there , but we never ran into a bad-case scenario -- nothing like that at all . "  The major improvement over last season is that we have never been irritated by situations . Even if the boat started to rock we never stumbled -- probably something that was not quite there last year . " Vettel 's huge lead in the drivers ' championship , coupled with Red Bull 's second year at the top of the constructors ' standings , have led some commentators to declare their twin triumph "  easy . " But the 24-year-old rejects the idea that the UK-based Austrian team 's season has been straightforward . Latest F1 standings after Abu Dhabi Grand Prix "  What became clear over the course of the season was that our car has n't been as dominant as it was in 2010 , but what really made a huge difference was we -- the people -- have grown into one strong force , " he said . "  We have been much more stable and obviously have learned from our 2010 mistakes . It is funny to get comments after a successful race : you hear descriptions like ` easy , ' ` walk in the park ' and so on -- and it was definitely nothing of the sort at any race of the season . "  Every victory was hard fought and , contrary to what people might think , it was closer , much closer than it looked from the outside . "  Everything had to come together -- and that was what was so special , that we 've managed to make it come together at so many races . " Vettel pointed to his victories in Monaco , Italy and Singapore as the highlights of his season and says he has become a better driver in 2011 . But he said he wo n't be getting complacent ahead of the 2012 season , with a chasing pack keen to prevent Vettel completing a hat-trick of titles . "  There is definitely not one driver I would highlight because we are living in a Formula One era where you do n't have one challenger but many -- with different strengths and weaknesses . "  That much I can say . McLaren were very strong this year with both drivers -- Jenson and Lewis  Hamilton  . It probably was n't the easiest year for Lewis , but that does n't mean that this will also go for 2012 . "  Fernando  Alonso  with Ferrari will definitely be there and I also have Mercedes on the list , with two great drivers . And never forget Mark  Webber  . So I will drop not one name , but many names . "	Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel says years like 2011 do n't come along too often The 2010 Formula One world champion retained his title with four races to spare The German has won 11 races out of 18 during his dominant season The final grand prix of the Formula One season is in Brazil on November 27
CNN  -- Potentially easing a diplomatic standoff with the West , Russian President Vladimir Putin told Germany Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday that he 'd ordered a partial withdrawal of Russian troops from his country 's border area with Ukraine , Merkel 's office said . Putin made the comment to Merkel in a phone call about Ukraine , her office said . The Kremlin made no mention of a withdrawal in its description of the call but said the two leaders discussed Ukraine , including "  possibilities for international assistance to restore stability . " Further details about Putin 's reported order were n't immediately available . But a withdrawal may ease tensions simmering since Russia annexed Ukraine 's Black Sea peninsula of Crimea this month -- a move that has led to the worst East-West relations since the Cold War . Earlier Monday , Russian media reported that one Russian infantry battalion was being moved from the border area to its base deeper into Russia . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said that if reports about Russia removing troops from the border were accurate , "  it would be a welcome preliminary step . " "  We would urge Russia to accelerate this process , " Psaki said . "  We also continue to urge Russia to engage in a dialogue with the government in Kiev to de-escalate the situation , while respecting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine . " The news about Russian troops came on the day that Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev traveled to Crimea -- the highest-level visit from Moscow since Russia annexed the region -- in part to unveil measures aimed at integrating the peninsula into the Russian economy . Ukrainian and Western officials for weeks have voiced alarm about Russia 's reported military buildup on Ukraine 's eastern border , which has raised fears that Russian troops would enter the Ukrainian mainland . Russia may have 40,000 troops near its border with eastern Ukraine and another 25,000 inland on alert and prepared to go in , two U.S. officials have told CNN . Moscow has said it had no intention of ordering armed forces to cross over into its neighbor , insisting its troops have been conducting exercises . But Putin has said Russia reserves the right to protect ethnic Russians in Ukraine from what he calls threats from Ukrainian nationals -- a reasoning he also used in this month 's annexation of Crimea Putin 's conversation with Merkel came a day after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov held talks in Paris about ways to defuse the crisis over Ukraine . Kerry told Lavrov that progress depended on a Russian troop pullback from Ukraine 's borders but no breakthrough was announced . The West imposed sanctions against some Russian officials because of the Crimea crisis and threatened more if tensions were n't eased . Is Crimea gone ? Ukraine : Russian troops ` conducting unclear maneuvers ' Amid reports that Russia may have started withdrawing from the border , but before the Merkel announcement , government sources in Kiev told CNN that Russian troops were not backing away but were repositioning their forces farther north . One Ukrainian official said intelligence indicated that Russian troops are "  conducting unclear maneuvers at the Ukrainian border . " Meanwhile , Russian state news agency ITAR-Tass reported Monday that one Russian infantry battalion was being withdrawn from a region bordering Ukraine . That battalion , having finished military exercises , is returning to its base in Russia 's Samara region , hundreds of miles away from the border , the outlet reported , citing Russia 's Defense Ministry . Details about how many troops are in that battalion were n't immediately available . During a daily briefing Monday , Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Evhen Perebyinis said Russia had not told Kiev about the intentions of any military forces in the area . "  At some border districts the troops are withdrawn , in others they approach the border , " he said . "  We are concerned about this movement of the army . " U.S. official : ` Too soon ' to discern Russian intentions Before Merkel 's announcement , a U.S. official said Monday it was too soon to conclude whether Russia was moving its troops away from the Ukraine border . The official was reacting to statements from Ukraine about Russian troop maneuvers . "  We have nothing to back that up one way or the other so far , " the official said , speaking on condition of anonymity . Barring any significant withdrawal from the border , the Russians are positioned "  in a way  that  they could conduct a swift movement into Ukraine , " the official said . Russian Prime Minister in Crimea Medvedev arrived in Crimea 's capital , Simferopol , for talks Monday on social and economic development . "  As a result of entering Russia , not a single citizen of Crimea should lose anything -- they need only to benefit from it , " Medvedev said in a news conference carried by Russian state television . "  Citizens need to understand that they 're citizens of a powerful country . " The Premier met with Crimean officials , including its Prime Minister , the speaker of the regional parliament and mayor of Sevastopol , among others . He said Crimean state salaries and pensions should be raised to Russian levels , as should the pay for military personnel , while compulsory social insurance would be introduced to the region next year . In tense , defiant Ukraine border region , prayers for peace Economic measures Unveiling a list of measures for the region , Medvedev also said Moscow would make Crimea a special economic zone . Tax breaks may also be offered to companies , he added , calling for mortgage programs to be introduced to the region and for a review of water supply projects . After visiting a school and children 's hospital , Medvedev added that Crimea needed modern medical equipment and reforms in education . He offered to establish a new federal university . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Gena Somra , Barbara Starr , Nick Paton Walsh , Alexander Felton , Stefan Simons and Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. State Department : Pullback "  would be a welcome preliminary step " if accurate German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Russian President Vladimir Putin talk by phone Ukrainian officials say Russia is repositioning some troops massed on its border Russian Prime Minister goes to Crimea in the highest-level visit since Moscow annexed region
CNN  -- Illinois will become the 17th state on Thursday to ban texting while driving , a safety worry that has caught the attention of the federal government . Texting poses a greater risk than talking or dialing while driving , a study says . Gov. Pat Quinn will sign an amendment to the Illinois Vehicle Code that prohibits writing , sending or receiving text messages while driving , said the governor 's spokeswoman , Marlena Jentz . The bill does make texting exceptions for drivers who pull over to text or shift their car into park or neutral to message while stopped in traffic . Illinois will join a growing list of states looking to curb accidents linked to texting . Oregon and New Hampshire banned texting drivers in July , and Alaska , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Louisiana , Maryland , Minnesota , New Jersey , North Carolina , Tennessee , Utah , Virginia , Washington and the District of Columbia already have laws in place . Four U.S. senators announced their plan to push for a federal ban on July 29 . U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said the Obama administration will convene a summit to discuss how it can end accidents caused by distracted drivers . Despite the ongoing efforts to address the dangers of texting while driving , studies have not shown whether the laws affect accident rates , said Jonathan Adkins , communications director at the Governor 's Highway Safety Association . The nonprofit association comprised of appointees from each state 's governor 's office has closely followed the texting while driving saga . But Adkins said that because of several factors that potentially play a role in an accident , to know whether texting caused an accident would require a subpoena or an admission by the driver . In New York and New Jersey , the impact has been measured by an increase in driving tickets , but too few states track that data , Adkins said . "  With drunk driving it was important to pass tough laws , but the laws wo n't really have any effect unless they 're enforced and the public knows about it and it 's properly adjudicated , " said Barbara Harsha the association executive director . "  So passing a law is n't the solution , it 's only part of it . " Studies have shown that those who text while driving have an exponentially greater risk of an accident or near accident . A Virginia Tech Transportation Institute study found that truck drivers who texted while driving were 23 times more likely to crash or nearly get into wrecks than undistracted drivers . Compared with dialing , talking , listening or reaching for an electronic device , texting posed the greatest accident risk , the study found -- most likely due to the almost five seconds researchers found the drivers ' eyes were off the roadway while texting , said Rich Hanowski , the director of the Center for Truck and Bus Safety at the transportation institute . The focus on texting while driving comes after a some high-profile accidents . In September , a California commuter train engineer missed a stop signal while trading text messages with a friend , leading to a collision with a freight train that killed 25 people , according to federal investigators . A mass-transit accident in Boston , Massachusetts , injured 62 people in May . The operator of a Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority trolley was later charged with gross negligence after he admitted he had been texting seconds before the collision with another trolley , according to the Suffolk County district attorney and a National Transportation Safety Board official .	16 other states , District of Columbia ban texting while driving Studies say texting while driving increases risk of an accident or near accident It is difficult to measure success of no-texting laws , experts say Senators say they want federal ban on texting while driving
New York  CNN  -- Merging magazine cutouts , painted objects and even motorbike parts , Kenyan artist Wangechi Mutu creates layered images of fantastical figures , transforming the female form into something both powerful and primal . Famous for her collages , Mutu has had her work shown all over the world , including her most recent exhibition at the Guggenheim in Bilbao , Spain . Mutu 's renderings challenge widespread depictions of the typical female form , creating a new kind of woman . Her creations have sometimes been described as grotesque , but she says it does n't bother her at all . Speaking to CNN 's Isha Sesay , Mutu said : "  It means that people are looking . It means their senses are on when they are in front of the work , which is important . Because for me , it 's important to think about and understand what 's in the work . " An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : I want to start by talking about your work and its content . Wangechi Mutu : There are a lot of bodies in the work , there are a lot of animal bodies and organisms and women and men 's bodies and they all come together . They mesh up into shapes that are often female-like , and in the end I do obsess over the female form because that is the place where I want to express some of these issues I have with the way women 's bodies are written upon and women 's bodies are talked about and women 's bodies are depicted . So that becomes my experiment . My lab is this female body that becomes this vessel where I place all of this stuff in . CNN : When we look at the female form in your work what are we seeing ? WM : Often there 's an emphasis in my work and it 's sort of the celebrating of the body . I 'm very much a person that believes that there 's something that was introduced into Kenya and Africa as we know it that has made us despise our bodies . So that 's the first thing -- I try to introduce something celebratory and interesting about the body , that the body is important . CNN : Despise is a strong word -- what do you mean with that ? WM : Being taught to despise your body is being taught to perhaps admire someone else 's body more than yours -- being taught that your body is good for certain things and not for others . It 's good for labor , but it 's not ideal if someone were to sit in a political post or something . It belongs in a certain frame and not in others and I think that was something taught to us , given to us or forced upon us . CNN : What 's with the motorcycle parts ? Because there seem to be motorcycle parts embedded in your work . What does that mean to you ? WM : A lot of motorbikes have been built to look like women , and to feel as if you were on a woman . So I think that 's also what I 've been trying to sort of do is take apart this machine and implant it into these bodies and sort of give the women a kind of strength that the machine supposedly represents for the man . It 's like they 're taking it back and they become these cyborgs , these fierce female cyborgs . Who knows what they 're going to do with that strength ! But for me it 's my little way of giving back the women that power that 's taken away , especially in the representations of women in these kinds of magazines because they really are the focal point and in a way that sexualizes the machines so men will buy more of them . CNN : Your work has been described by some as both beautiful and grotesque , repulsive . Does it bother you ? WM : No it does n't bother me . It means that people are looking . It means their senses are on when they are in front of the work , which is important . For me , it 's important to think about and understand what 's in the work but I think visuals need to enter , they need to dissolve themselves into your psyche and if people start to get grossed out by something that 's not overtly gross -- I mean it 's a static image , it 's not sort of throwing itself at you -- there must be some sort of wonderful process going on in their brain , which is good . CNN : The collages , let 's talk about the form . I 'm fascinated by them because someone who does collages strikes me as someone who has to be slightly OCD . Are you obsessive ? WM : Very , yeah ! I am very obsessive with this actual practice and technique because it calms me down . It 's a meditative , calming obsession , believe it or not . It 's like the monotony of when you knit , there 's something about that rhythm that allows your mind to wander or at least allows for free association to happen . For me collages manage to , it satisfies all of my madness , like I 'm able to make these obsessive things but then I 'm also able to make these very strong statements . I do n't know what they mean to other people , but in my mind they have a very strong particular resonance ; there 's sort of a power . I 'm sort of fusing languages , which is actually a good way of talking about what Kenya is , in fact what Africa is , this fusion of people and this attempt to try and create commonality amongst people who do n't come from the same place . So I feel that 's very alive in the work , this sort of intense desire to bring it all together .	Wangechi Mutu is a Kenyan artist , famous for her powerful collages Her creations have been exhibited in major museums across the world Mutu was named Deutsche Bank 's Artist of the Year in 2010
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . He is completing a book on the history of national security politics since World War II , to be published by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely on current events . Julian Zelizer says it 's not enough for Republicans to oppose Obama 's plans , they must offer their own ideas . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- One of the best Marx Brothers movies , "  Horse Feathers , " played in movie theaters at the height of the Great Depression in 1932 . In the film , the comedian Groucho Marx played the new president of Huxley College , Quincy Adams Wagstaff . During one of the most memorable scenes , Groucho introduces himself to faculty and students by singing about his philosophy of governance : "  Your proposition may be good/But let 's have one thing understood / Whatever it is , I 'm against it ! / And even when you 've changed it or condensed it , I 'm against it / I 'm opposed to it/On general principle . I 'm opposed to it . " If Republicans want to rebuild their party after the calamity of 2008 , the party leadership needs to avoid the Quincy Adams Wagstaff approach to politics . When Obama proposed his economic recovery bill last week , the first words to come out of House Minority Leader 's John Boehner 's mouth sounded a bit like Wagstaff . With the economy imploding and the international economic crisis worsening , Boehner said : "  Right now , given the concerns that we have over the size of the package and all of the spending in this package , we do n't think it 's going to work . And so if it 's the plan that I see today , put me down in the ` no ' column . " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has been more restrained in his response , leaving open the door to compromise . If Boehner is simply acting as Dr. No to get a better deal , Republicans can come out of the negotiations over the economic recovery bill as partners , planting the seeds for a new Republican approach toward dealing with economic matters . But if Boehner 's plan is for his party to act as an oppositional force -- trying to block , delay and prevent legislative action -- then the GOP could find itself in big trouble . If the Republicans do n't agree with Obama 's approach , given the severity of the crisis , they need to offer an alternative rather than just sitting still . To be sure , there is the possibility that if the economy continues to deteriorate after a bill has passed and the public loses faith in Obama , the House GOP could reap the benefit from their opposition . They could say "  we told you so . " But even that would be a high-risk maneuver , particularly given the state of public opinion about the Republican Party . Even if a bill passes and the economy continues to struggle , voters would be looking at a Republican Party that did n't have anything better to offer . The public likes hard-working politicians . President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's New Deal ideas did n't always work -- some like the National Recovery Act were downright failures -- but voters valued a president who tried to offer arguments about how to end the crisis and who rolled up his sleeves to make the nation better . The election of 2008 revealed that the Republican Party lacks the kind of big ideas that Ronald Reagan used in 1980 to bring the conservative movement into power . The various factions of the conservative movement came together around the themes of anti-communism , deregulation and tax cuts . Reagan did n't just sell tax cuts for the wealthy as good in themselves , but connected them to supply-side economics , which claimed that cuts would stimulate investment , generate economic growth and ultimately bring more revenue into the coffers of Treasury . Even after the Soviet Union collapsed , Republican leaders found ideas to sell their movement to the public . Newt Gingrich and a cohort of young Republicans focused on sharp attacks about the dangers of government intervention and corruption of government . For a short time it seemed that under George W. Bush , the war on terrorism would provide a new thematic focus to Republican efforts . But this was not to be . The controversies over Iraq and the continued dangers in countries such as Afghanistan undermined Republican claims of superiority on national security policy . Controversies over the erosion of civil liberties and due process in the pursuit of terrorism also weakened their claims . When the economy collapsed in fall 2008 , Republicans ' arguments about the wisdom of tax cuts and deregulation were made suspect . Americans might not always like government , but they dislike being broke even more . Sen. John McCain struggled in his campaign , not just because of the weaknesses of his campaign , but because his party seemed to lack any answers as Wall Street and Main Street spun out of control . Furthermore , the fact that the federal government continued to expand under Bush -- both when Republicans and Democrats controlled Capitol Hill -- made it difficult to sell Republican arguments about the dangers of big government . Back in the 1970s , when Republicans felt as if they were in the political wilderness , they invested a great deal of their resources into the market of ideas . Conservatives built think tanks like the CATO Institute , established talk radio shows , and financed academic scholarship about conservatism so that when opportunities arose in the elections of 1980 and 1994 , Republicans had something to say . At some point , Republicans have to tap into the 1970s enthusiasm about generating ideas if they want to rebuild their party and win over the hearts and minds of voters . Simply reviving the philosophy of the 1970s wo n't work . Rather the GOP needs to offer new arguments and new policies to achieve economic recovery . If they repeat what happened in the 1930s , when Republicans sounded a lot like Groucho Marx and just said no as FDR rebuilt the nation , they are likely to remain on the outskirts of power for decades to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : House Republicans are signaling they will oppose stimulus plan He says Republicans are in trouble if they simply act as an opposition force Democrats gained sway for decades by seeking to improve the economy , he says Zelizer : If GOP opposes stimulus plan , it should offer alternatives of its own
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- Police in the Dominican Republic were responsible for an "  alarming " 10.5 % of the nation 's killings last year , Amnesty International said Tuesday , citing government statistics . A report from the human rights organization sharply criticizes the Caribbean nation 's police , saying they have been behind "  scores of cases of killings , torture and ill-treatment . " "  These abuses are committed by the same police who are supposed to protect the people in the country , which is going through a rising crime rate , " said Chiara Liguori , Caribbean researcher at Amnesty International . Speaking to CNN before the organization released its report , National Police spokesman Col. Maximo Aybar said police in the Dominican Republic were committed to protecting the public . "  We are more than aware that we are here to defend members of society , not to assault them . And that is an institutional position . In those cases where excesses may have been committed , investigations have occurred and measures have been taken : members were suspended from their posts and placed at the disposition of the courts , " he said . Police were responsible for at least 260 of the nation 's 2,472 homicides in 2010 , Amnesty International said , citing statistics from the National Police and the prosecutor general . That figure marked a decrease from previous years . In 2008 , for example , police were responsible for 19 % of the killings in the nation . Details about the circumstances of those killings were unclear . A spokeswoman for Amnesty International said the organization does not have comparable figures for other nations . In the United States , the killing of felons by law enforcement officers made up 3 % of slayings in 2010 , according to FBI homicide statistics . In the Dominican Republic , the 977 people injured by police in 2010 accounted for 16.6 % of violent injuries in the nation that year , according to Amnesty 's report . Amnesty International said Dominican police interviewed by the organization denied torture allegations and argued that the number of deaths corresponds with police efforts to stop crime . Police also said those killed were convicted or suspected criminals , Liguori said . "  Deaths among the police and the criminals occur because the police carry out preventative patrols . If the police would n't do that , there would be no deaths , but criminality would remain unchallenged , " said one police chief , according to Amnesty 's report . Police also have been victims . So far this year , 97 officers have been killed , and 176 have been injured , police said . Last month a United Nations report noted that homicide rates have soared in the Dominican Republic , citing rising organized crime as a cause . Tough conditions for policing are no excuse for human rights abuses , said Amnesty International , which said the nation must reform its police force to increase accountability and stop human rights violations . "  Unlawful and unprofessional conduct by many police officers is contributing to the rise in crime and violence in the Dominican Republic , " Amnesty 's report said . "  Widespread police corruption , aggressive policing and the involvement of law enforcement officers in criminal activities are undermining the capacity of the state to protect human rights and ensure public security . " Diulka Perez reported from Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic . Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Amnesty International : Police often say those killed were suspected criminals Report : Police were responsible for 260 of 2,472 homicides in the Dominican Republic last year Amnesty International says police behavior contributes to rising violence A police spokesman says officers protect the public , and killings are isolated incidents
Mental Floss  -- We 're in the throes of summer vacation season , but at least one American is still on the job . While it 's rumored that President Obama will follow in the footsteps of President Clinton and vacation on Martha 's Vineyard , he has n't had a chance to break out his Bermuda shorts just yet . When Obama does take off , though , he 'll join in the grand tradition of presidential vacations , like these notable ones : President Bush  R  and Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen ride bikes in Crawford , Texas , in 2008 . 1 . Abe Lincoln does n't go too far Far-flung vacations are nice , but President Lincoln preferred to stay a bit closer to home . When Lincoln needed a getaway from the heat and political turmoil of Civil War-era Washington , D.C. , he headed to ... a different part of Washington , D.C. From 1862 to 1864 Lincoln spent June through November living in a cottage atop a hill at the Soldiers ' Home a few miles from the White House . Lincoln apparently loved the slight change of scenery , which meant slightly cooler temperatures and a chance to ride his horse each morning . If you 're considering a stay-cation this year , consider this Honest Abe 's endorsement . 2 . Movie cowboy does real ranching Think George W. Bush was the first president to sneak away from the White House to spend time on his ranch ? Not quite . At the end of his second term as Governor of California in 1974 , Ronald Reagan paid just over half a million dollars to acquire Rancho del Cielo in California 's Santa Ynez Mountains . The 688-acre ranch , complete with stables and a 1500-square-foot adobe house , was Reagan 's go-to vacation destination while he was in office , and he entertained some big names there , including Margaret Thatcher , Queen Elizabeth II , and Mikhail Gorbachev , who gamely wore a cowboy hat during his visit . 3 . LBJ does some ranching , too Texan Lyndon Johnson was very involved in the everyday operations of his ranch . Johnson , who had gotten into ranching in 1951 , grew his LBJ Ranch into a 2,700-acre spread populated by 400 head of Hereford cattle . Johnson was no absentee owner when he was in Washington , either . Johnson frequently headed back on vacations and supposedly drove his foreman crazy by calling every day to talk about the weather on the ranch or how the pastures looked . Today , the National Park Service maintains LBJ 's spread as a working ranch , complete with a herd of cattle descended from the Herefords Johnson bred . 4 . George W. Bush initiates a war on brush George W. Bush followed in LBJ 's footsteps and went to his own Texas ranch when he needed a getaway . Prairie Chapel Ranch , a 1,583-acre spread Bush owns near Crawford , Texas , served as the secondary White House throughout Bush 's presidency , and he was often shown clearing brush during vacations . Bush was n't just doing farm work , though . He exhorted visitors to join the "  President 's 100-Degrees Club " by running three miles or biking 10 after the mercury hit 100 degrees . Anyone who could pull of the feat got a specialized Under Armour shirt as recognition . We can only hope one of the many foreign dignitaries Bush entertained at the ranch -- including Vladimir Putin , Tony Blair , Silvio Berlusconi , Ariel Sharon , and Saudi King Abdullah -- managed to get one of the coveted shirts into their suitcases . Mental Floss : Iraq , Afghanistan and other extreme vacation spots 5 . FDR heats up Georgia Some presidents choose to head to their hometowns or a beach side resort for their vacations , but Franklin Roosevelt preferred to travel to western Georgia . Warm Springs , Georgia , is the home of  you guessed it !  warm springs that supposedly had therapeutic value for polio sufferers . FDR , who had contracted his own paralytic illness in 1921 , started visiting Warm Springs in 1924 in the hope that exercising in the springs ' warm waters would cure him . Although the springs did n't reverse his illness , FDR felt like his time at the resort alleviated his symptoms somewhat . In 1927 he bought the resort he 'd been staying at , and in 1932 he ordered a six-room Georgia pine house to be built on the property . This house was FDR 's retreat throughout his presidency and became known as the Little White House . FDR was sitting for a portrait at the Little White House when he died of a stroke in April 1945 . Today , the house is part of Georgia 's state park system and is open to visitors ; it 's been preserved to look almost exactly as it did the day FDR died . 6 . Nixon gets the right ice cubes When Richard Nixon wanted a break from Washington , he headed to a modest ranch home he owned on Key Biscayne off Miami . Nixon 's "  Florida White House , " which he visited 50-plus times during his tenure in office , eventually swelled to include three houses and a floating helipad , which the Department of Defense installed at a taxpayer expense of $ 400,000 .  There was plenty of room for taxpayer outrage at the $ 625,000 total the government spent sprucing up the Florida White House ; one itemized expense was $ 621 for a replacement icemaker because "  the President does not like ice with holes in it . " Given that this house was Nixon 's retreat , it 's no surprise that some shady dealings transpired on the premises . Nixon allegedly discussed plans for the Watergate break-in at the house , and he holed up there when the coverup came to light . The house fell into disrepair after Nixon sold it , and in 2004 it was razed to make room for a new building . The Florida White House was n't Nixon 's only retreat , though . He bought a mansion overlooking the Pacific Ocean in San Clemente , California , shortly after taking office in 1969 . Nixon dubbed his new digs "  La Casa Pacifica , " but the press quickly started referring to the spread as "  the Western White House . " This house was n't cheap for taxpayers , either ; the government dropped over a million dollars improving this home with temporary office quarters for staffers , helipads , and an upgraded heating system . Mental Floss : Donald Nixon and other memorable presidential siblings 7 . Teddy Roosevelt goes bear hunting Lounging on the beach is great , but do you really think Teddy Roosevelt would miss the opportunity to do something manly ? Roosevelt 's vacation in 1905 took him to the Hotel Colorado in Glenwood Springs , Colorado , where he stayed for three weeks while bear hunting . 8 . FDR 's successor gets his own little White House Harry Truman may have been from Missouri , but he headed south when he needed some R&R . Truman started suffering from exhaustion in late 1946 , and his physicians recommended a warm weather vacation to revitalize the President . Truman took his vacation in a converted duplex in Key West that already held some history . The house , which was originally built in 1890 for the commandant and paymaster of Key West 's naval base , had already hosted William Howard Taft while he was in office in 1912 . When Thomas Edison developed 41 new weapons to aid in the American efforts in World War I , he spent six months living in the house . Once Truman visited the house , though , it quickly became known as Truman 's Little White House . He ended up spending 175 days in Key West over the course of his two terms in office . Presidents Eisenhower and Kennedy later used the house while they were in office , and it 's now open as a tourist attraction . Mental Floss : Early summer jobs of Truman , LBJ and more 9 . Kennedy retreats to his compound Starting in 1926 , Joseph P. Kennedy began taking his family to Hyannisport , Massachusetts , on vacation each summer . His son John liked the area so much that in 1956 he bought a cottage of his own near his parents ' digs , and the family soon purchased a third cottage in the area , giving rise to the name "  the Kennedy Compound . " JFK used his cottage as a base of operations for his presidential campaign and later vacationed there each summer he was in office . 10 . George H.W. Bush prefers not to ranch Not to be outdone by the Kennedys , the Bush family has an even older compound of their own in Kennebunkport , Maine . In 1903 George H. Walker , the grandfather of George H.W. Bush , built a great mansion on his oceanfront estate in Kennebunkport , and the property has remained in the family ever since . George H.W. Bush used the Kennebunkport compound as his vacation home during his presidency , and George W. Bush made a few getaways to the house as well . Between father and son , they 've entertained some pretty big names at their summer house , including Yitzhak Rabin , Vladimir Putin , and Nicolas Sarkozy . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	U.S. presidents leave the White House to relax on vacations Presidents Lyndon Johnson , Ronald Reagan , George W. Bush visited their ranches Taxpayers spent $ 625,000 sprucing up President Nixon 's Florida home Pres. Lincoln spent four months at the slightly cooler Soldiers ' Home
Washington  CNN  -- We now know President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner agree on at least one thing : In 2014 , keeping the political base happy matters more than advancing once-critical policy initiatives . For the GOP speaker , a personal commitment to big immigration changes , including a path to legal status for millions of undocumented workers , was sacrificed after it became clear there would be a conservative revolt . The argument from the right : turning out conservatives is the key to 2014 midterm success , and big immigration changes would anger the base . And now the President 's counter move : dropping from his new budget an idea he said was essential just a year ago -- a more modest calculation of inflation adjustments for Social Security . Then , it was a critical piece of entitlement reform and deficit reduction . Now , the calculation is simple : liberals hate the idea , and pushing it in 2014 would anger a base the Democrats need in November . When Boehner retreated on immigration , it was the White House and its allies who said he was being shortsighted and putting politics ahead of the national interest . Inside Politics : Boehner says ` never mind ' on immigration Now , the flipside , from Boehner 's office : "  The President has no interest in doing anything , even modest , to address our looming debt crisis . ... With three years left in office , it seems the President is already throwing in the towel . " A bit of hyperbole in that last part -- and the speaker has his own immigration flip-flop as a lesson in context : the President on Social Security , just like the speaker on immigration , is only throwing in the towel for this year , hoping it puts him in a stronger position politically next year . A lot can happen between February and November , but the best bet at this early juncture is that Republicans keep their House majority . The battle for control of the Senate is the big 2014 struggle , and the President has made clear protecting the fragile Democratic majority there is his top priority . Organizations focused on deficit reduction and structural budget reforms applauded Obama when he embraced the Social Security shift last year -- it is estimated to save $ 233 billion over a decade . Those same centrist organizations were quick to criticize his decision to abandon the Social Security change this year as a clear political shift left . "  The withdrawal by the President on this specific issue , and his general pivot away from focusing on the nation 's medium and long-term fiscal challenges , reflects a dangerous trend , " the Campaign to Fix the Debt said in a statement after the White House outlined the budget proposal . CNNMoney : Obama drops controversial Social Security proposal The so-called "  chained CPI " shift for Social Security will likely return as a debating point next year anyway , but Obama could face even more choices anathema to liberals if the GOP manages to take control of the Senate . What 's the big deal about ` chained CPI ' ? Mindful of the stakes , it 's clear leadership in both parties is moving away from any environment of major policy compromise and toward full scale-election positioning . To that end , Obama on Tuesday attends a 2014 Organizing for Action summit . The organization is the grassroots offshoot of the 2008 and 2012 Obama presidential campaign . The summit goal : try to defy the midterm historical odds and protect Democratic seats .	Both Obama and Boehner dropped high-profile initiatives to keep base happy For Boehner , his commitment to immigration reform was sacrificed Obama dropped his idea to tweak inflation adjustments for Social Security Both moves show a shift to election-year positioning
Health.com  -- Psychologists , not to mention parents , have long observed that kids who seem depressed tend to have trouble getting along with -- and being accepted by -- their peers . What the experts have n't been able to agree on is which comes first , the depression or the social difficulty . Most researchers have supposed that kids who are excluded or bullied become depressed as a result  rather than vice versa  , while others have suggested that the two problems go hand in hand and are all but impossible to tease apart . A new study , published this week in the journal "  Child Development , " provides some of the strongest evidence to date for a third theory : Kids who cry easily , express negative emotions , and show other signs of depression ultimately suffer socially because they are shunned by their peers and attract the attention of bullies . "  Bullies target youth who are unlikely to fight back , " says lead author Karen P. Kochel , Ph.D. , an assistant research professor at Arizona State University , in Phoenix . "  Youth who are depressed really have the potential to appear vulnerable , and are easy marks for victimization , unfortunately . " Health.com : 10 things to say  and not say  to someone with depression To better understand how depression and social problems unfold over time , Kochel and her colleagues tracked an ethically and socioeconomically diverse group of 486 children as they went through the 4th , 5th , and 6th grades . Along the way , the researchers periodically gauged depression symptoms and social acceptance by surveying parents , teachers , and the kids themselves . Fourth graders who showed signs of depression were more likely than their classmates to be victimized as fifth graders , and kids who were picked on in fifth grade tended to be less accepted by their peers in sixth grade . By contrast , the researchers found little evidence that being bullied increased a child 's risk of becoming depressed in later grades . Health.com : Dad 's depression may rub off on kids Although the findings suggest that depression tends to precede social difficulty , they do n't rule out the possibility that problems with peers can make an already depressed child even more depressed . "  I think it 's very possible it is a cyclical process , " Kochel says . It 's not clear from the study what the depressed kids might have done , specifically , to turn off their peers . But research in adults suggests that depression can have a negative effect on a person 's social skills and overall agreeableness , says David Schwartz , Ph.D. , an associate professor of psychology and education at the University of Southern California , in Los Angeles , who did not participate in the study . Depressed people "  are often characterized by negativity and inappropriate self-disclosure -- think of ` Debbie Downer ' on ` Saturday Night Live , ' " Schwartz says . "  As a result , they may not be all that much fun to be around . Unfortunately , they sometimes get into a cycle where depression brings social skills deficits , and social skills problems lead to interpersonal rejection , which helps maintain the depression . " Health.com : How you can help someone who 's depressed Kochel and her colleagues suspect that a similar pattern may occur in children . "  One possibility is that depressed youth maybe exhibit social skill deficits or behaviors ... or excessively talk about their problems , " she says . "  These are all things that have the potential to be irritating to peers . " Jennifer Lansford , Ph.D. , a developmental psychologist at Duke University 's Center for Child and Family Policy , in Durham , North Carolina , says the study was "  rigorous and well-conducted " and that the findings make sense . "  Even from a pretty early age , -LSB- expressions -RSB- of sadness or ... other negative emotions can lead to problems with peers , " she says . "  If parents and teachers are able to work with kids to express their emotions in different ways , then they may not elicit the same maltreatment from peers . " Lansford emphasizes , however , that depressed behavior never justifies the bullying or exclusion of a child . "  I think it 's important to avoid a ` blame the victim ' perspective on this , " she says . The findings , Kochel says , drive home how important it is for parents and teachers to be aware of the signs of depression in children , arrange for treatment if needed , and help depressed children socialize and get along with their peers . The cycle of depression and victimization is likely to get worse if left unchecked , since depressive symptoms tend to intensify during the teen years , she says . Parents who are concerned that their child might be having a hard time socially can volunteer in his or her school to get a better sense of what 's going on , Lansford says . And they can encourage friendships by organizing playdates , she adds . "  Even just having one good friend can really be a buffer against victimization -- or depression , for that matter , " she says . "  If kids are able to establish one solid friendship , that can be a real protective factor for them . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Study : Kids who cry easily and show other signs of depression ultimately suffer socially "  Bullies target youth who are unlikely to fight back , " says lead author Karen P. Kochel The findings , Kochel says , drive home how important it is for parents to be aware
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel 's two largest parties each claimed a mandate early Wednesday after exit polls showed a surprise first-place finish by the ruling Kadima party and dramatic gains by its conservative rivals . Kadima 's Tzipi Livni won more support than was predicted in the Israeli elections . Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni 's failure to assemble a ruling coalition for Kadima last year triggered Tuesday 's elections . But she told supporters after the vote that the narrow edge Kadima appears to have held over the conservative Likud shows her party is "  the common denominator of Israeli society . " Livni called on Likud leader Benjamin Netanyahu "  to respect the choice of Israel 's citizens ... and to join a unity government , led by us , that will be based on the large parties in Israel , left and right . " But Netanyahu said the showing by Likud -- which appears to have more than doubled the number of seats it holds in the Knesset -- Israel 's parliament -- show voters have rejected Kadima 's leadership , and he said conservative parties could form a majority when the results are in . "  With God 's help , I shall head the coming government , " he said . "  I am sure that I can manage to put together a good , broad-based and stable government that will be able to deal with the security crisis and the economic crisis . " "  It 's a typical Israeli election in that you might have two winners , " Israeli political analyst Chemi Shalev told CNN . "  The clear-cut winner , in the sense that she did much better than any expectations , is Tzipi Livni and Kadima . But we have to judge elections by the bottom line , and if it turns out that ... Benjamin Netanyahu will be the the prime minister , he will be judged to have been the winner . " CNN correspondent Ben Wedeman and Israeli political analysts warned that exit polls had been wrong in past elections . The campaign was dominated by the recent war with Palestinian militants in Gaza , which was popular within Israel despite widespread international condemnation . Netanyahu was a harsh critic of Kadima founder Ariel Sharon 's 2005 withdrawal of Israeli troops and settlers from Gaza , and his supporters say he has been proven right . Unofficial results gave Kadima a narrow lead over Likud , with the right-wing Yisrael Beiteinu in third place and Labor -- Israel 's founding party and Kadima 's current coalition partner -- in fourth . According to Israeli media , with all precincts reporting , Kadima was on track to win 28 seats in the 120-member Knesset , the same as it currently holds . Likud was forecast to win 27 -- a dramatic jump from its current 12 . Yisrael Beiteinu was on track to win 15 seats , up from 11 currently , while Labor appeared to have slid from 18 seats to 13 . A fourth-place finish would be an unprecedentedly weak showing for Labor , now led by Defense Minister and former Prime Minister Ehud Barak . With those numbers , Avigdor Lieberman 's Yisrael Beiteinu , a party even further right-wing than Likud , would be the third largest faction in the legislature . If the numbers hold up and Lieberman 's party surpasses Labor , the founding party of the Jewish state , it would be unprecedented . Lieberman , 50 , is a polarizing figure whose party has been accused of racism against Palestinians and Arab citizens of Israel . But he said early Wednesday that his party "  is not only the key to the next coalition , it will also set the agenda for the next government . " And Likud member Reuven Rivlin , a former Knesset speaker , said voters decided "  to change the ideas of the former government . " "  We have to continue the negotiations with the Palestinians , but under mutuality and under the idea that it is a give and take -- that after the agreement , we will find ourselves at peace , " Rivlin said . Shalev suggested a Kadima-Likud-Labor coalition is possible -- but it was not clear who would lead it . The next prime minister will have six weeks to form a coalition government . A government needs a controlling majority of 61 in the 120-seat Knesset . Neither Likud nor Kadima is expected to reach even half that figure . Livni took control of Kadima in September , when Prime Minister Ehud Olmert stepped down as the party leader amid several corruption investigations . She has been careful not to cast herself as a dove in the election with advertising focused on the military assault in Gaza and tough statements against the Palestinian fundamentalist group Hamas . Netanyahu served as prime minister from 1996 to 1999 . He has supported the expansion of Israeli settlements in the West Bank and opposed further territorial concessions to end the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Kadima member Machman Shai told CNN that Livni "  was attacked from the right and the left . They said she was not capable for the job -- very chauvinistic . And I think it was all wrong . She is a leader and up to leading Israel in the years to come . " Early joy at Kadima HQ " "  The majority of the people want a windfall , " Netanyahu said Tuesday while casting his ballot . "  They want a change of direction to security , honor and hope , and I think they will vote for this today . " About 5.2 million people were eligible to vote , choosing from 33 parties , with polls closing at 10 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  . According to the Central Election Committee , 62.5 percent of eligible voters cast ballots -- about 2 percentage points higher than the country 's last elections , in 2006 . Will a new leader make any difference ? " This year , the election was expected to largely determine which Israeli parties should take credit for the recent war in Gaza . iReport.com : See photos of the scene as voters head to the polls Despite international condemnation over the high number of Palestinian civilian casualties , it was a popular war in Israel . Domestic support was strong throughout , especially among residents within Palestinian militant rocket range , and it was perceived in Israel as a success . Polls showed that could bode well for Israel 's right-wing parties . Defense Minister Ehud Barak , head of the Labor Party , also hoped for a sizable boost from the three-week Gaza war . But it probably will not be enough to lead the government . Before the operation , Labor was tipped to win just eight seats . That doubled in some polls , albeit briefly . A small number of rockets are still falling in southern Israel , and that could play into the hands of Netanyahu . He was not in a position of power during the war , but he sought to capitalize on his opposition to Israel 's 2005 withdrawal from Gaza , telling voters he warned the move would result in Palestinian militant rockets hitting major cities . At the time he was ridiculed by his political rivals , but his supporters say he was proven right . CNN 's Michal Zippori , Paula Hancocks and Bill Schneider contributed to this report .	NEW : Unofficial results show right-wing party overtaking founding party Polls shows Kadima is "  common denominator of Israeli society , " Livni says Netanyahu 's Likud party doubles seats in Knesset , according to polls Analysts warn that Israeli exits polls have been wrong before
CNN  -- The Renault Formula One team have agreed to pay damages to their former driver Nelson Piquet Jr. and his ex-world champion father after accusing the pair of lying in the controversial "  crashgate " affair . Renault have confirmed on their official website that they were wrong to issue a press release in September 2009 , in which they claimed the Piquets had lied by suggesting the team had forced Piquet Jr. to deliberately crash at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix . At the time , Piquet Jr. stated he was ordered to crash by team bosses in order to help teammate Fernando Alonso win the race . And when the case was heard by the World Motor Sport Council , Renault were handed a two-year suspended F1 ban , enabling the pair to sue for libel in British courts . Admitting they libeled the duo , a Renault statement read : "  The team accepts -- as it did before the World Motor Sport Council -- that the allegations made by Nelson Piquet Junior were not false . "  It also accepts that Mr Piquet Junior and his father did not invent these allegations in order to blackmail the team into allowing him to drive for them for the remainder of the 2009 season . "  As a result , these serious allegations contained in our press release were wholly untrue and unfounded , and we withdraw them unequivocally . "  We would like to apologise unreservedly to Mr Piquet Junior and his father for the distress and embarrassment caused as a result . "  As a mark of the sincerity of our apology and regret , we have agreed to pay them a substantial amount of damages for libel as well as their costs , and have undertaken not to repeat these allegations at any time in the future . The Piquets ' lawyer , Dominic Crossley , said in a statement that Renault had apologized in court for their treatment of the pair . "  They were both treated appallingly by Renault F1 when they dared to reveal the scandal to the governing body , and Nelsinho was abused terribly throughout his absurdly short career in F1 , " Crossley said . "  It is to the immense credit of both my clients that they have refused to be deterred from righting the wrongs despite the ferocity of the attacks and the size of the opponents they have had to confront . "  Nelson Piquet dominated F1 during the early 80s and his reputation as a motorsport legend should remain untarnished by this saga . "	Renault F1 agree to pay damages to former driver Nelson Piquet Jr. and his father The team admitted they were wrong in accusing the pair of lying in a press release Piquet Jr. revealed THAT team bosses ordered him to crash during the 2008 Singapore GP
United Nations  CNN  -- The Palestinian bid for statehood at the United Nations was effectively stalled Friday after the Security Council approved a report stating its inability "  to make a unanimous recommendation . " "  We knew from the beginning ... that we might not be able to succeed in the Security Council because there is a powerful country that has the veto power , " said Riyad Mansour , the Palestinian envoy to the United Nations . He said that he believed the report was "  objective . " The United States has been vocal about its intention to veto any Palestinian bid for statehood . Last week , France and the United Kingdom said they would abstain from the vote . Those three nations , along with China and Russia , have veto power in the Security Council . "  We thought that with diligent diplomatic efforts , with success at the UNESCO , of being admitted in the U.N. system as the state of Palestine ... that Palestine would be admitted as a member state , " Mansour said . UNESCO is the U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization , which recently granted the Palestinian Authority full membership The report , written by a special Security Council committee and obtained by CNN , was the result of seven weeks of meetings . It details myriad disagreements between the council members on whether Palestine fulfills the requirements set forth in the U.N. charter for members countries . By contrast , when the committee met to discuss the application of South Sudan -- a territory and now country involved in no small dispute of its own -- it came to an agreement after a single 10-minute meeting . According to the charter , countries seeking membership must be "  peace-loving , " "  accept the obligations " of the U.N. charter , and "  willing and able to carry out " those obligations . According to the report , the 15 council members fall into three categories : those countries that support Palestinian membership , those that ca n't support it at this time  for whom abstention was envisaged in the event of a vote  , and those countries that say the requirements were not met and could n't vote for recommendation . In order for a vote to take place , one of the 15 council members must request it . Diplomats say , however , that the ball is largely in the Palestinians ' court to push for a vote . Were a council resolution to pass , the membership bid would be forwarded to the General Assembly , where passage is all but assured . A vote in the near term does not seem likely . But should it take place , diplomats say that the Palestinians are unlikely to get even the nine votes necessary for a resolution to pass , because of a large number of abstentions . The U.S. veto would effectively be moot . "  The Palestinians have to make their own choice as to how to proceed , " said Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . "  The United States has made its own views quite clear , both directly to the Palestinians and to the larger international community and the council membership . We 'll look to see what they choose to do . " The next step for the Palestinians remains unclear . They could sidestep the Security Council and go straight to the General Assembly , where they would get an upgraded observer status , matching that of the Vatican , but not full membership . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , however , has said that they will not pursue that option . Abbas is set to meet with the leadership of the Arab League next week . U.N. diplomats say that the Palestinians ' next step may become more clear after that meeting .	A report details myriad disagreements between the council members Many question Palestinians ' ability to meet U.N. charter obligations A country must be a "  peace-loving " country , says the charter
CNN  -- A Georgia teacher 's passion and curiosity about her immigrant students ' homelands led to a path that changed her life and those she 's touched - forever . Sue Ellen Wortzel said her student 's stories of struggle to find food , a safe place to live , a basic education other economic hardships in their home countries often left her speechless and explained why their families searched for a better life in the U.S. . Their emotional stories moved Wortzel to learn more about where they came from in Central America and inspired her to help their home countries . As an educator , Wortzel felt she had the ability to create a positive change in some of their country 's schools and began her journey to do so in 2006 with a trip through Guatemala , El Salvador and Nicaragua . During this visit , she took note of some of the specific problems educators and students faced . "  I saw teachers and students doing amazing things with nothing or bare-bone structures , " she said . In one high school in Nicaragua , Wortzel discovered classrooms that only had one or two copies of a text book for a 30-plus-student class . Teachers would use chalkboards and cover them with notes from the text book , so everyone could see and digest the information . In addition to a lack of books , Wortzel noticed a lack of maps , globes , calculators and other teaching supplies . Basic transportation to and from school is a problem , too , for some families . "  Oftentimes , kids walk up to two hours to school in rural areas , since their families ca n't afford to pay for public transportation , " said Wortzel . "  This hardship is tough on kids and many times they just give up and quit attending school . " Public education throughout the world varies greatly . In the United States , education is predominantly funded by taxpayers , and students are not charged tuition to attend public schools . In Central America , resources lack for many children to obtain a basic public education . Wortzel acknowledges the U.S. public education system is filled with problems , but has witnessed that students in "  forgotten " countries suffer , too . She has made it her life 's mission to help those outside U.S. borders . "  Children have no control over what happens to them and access to education is not something we can save for particular children , " she noted . Wortzel 's personal interaction with her students as well as her international travels inspired her to create a nonprofit organization calledTALICA in 2006 , with operations based in Atlanta and Central America . TALICA stands for "  The Teaching and Learning Initiative for Central America . " Its mission is to expand access to basic educational materials for schools in Central America . Since 2006 , TALICA has established school collections and donated about 4,500 books and supplies to seven public school libraries in five communities , and helped establish a community library and the first-ever medical collection in the village of Balgue , Nicaragua . The school materials are hand-picked by local teachers , and TALICA takes them shopping about once or twice a year for their supplies . How does TALICA make this happen ? It takes hard work , coordination and personal relationships to make it all come together . TALICA 's team is small , consisting of five volunteer directors as well as hundreds of supportive family and friends across the U.S. and Central America who volunteer their time and resources . Grass-roots fundraising is a key element to TALICA 's survival . Members will host dinner parties , wine tasting events and other fundraising efforts to raise cash . With a budget of about $ 12,000 a year , TALICA uses its money as strategically as possible to do the most good . TALICA 's current projects include supporting five schools on the island of Ometepe , Nicaragua , and a scholarship program to send a student to college . This impoverished rural region was selected because it has a literacy rate hovering around 67 percent and has big educational challenges , according to Wortzel . In comparison , the U.S. literacy level is 99 percent according to the CIA-World Fact Book . The nonprofit 's newest project is a science initiative . "  We 're building an extra classroom to house a small science lab and book room to a high school that has been outgrowing its space , " said Wortzel . "  We 've been working closely with the biology teacher , Elvin Cruz , in developing a lab . " A future goal is to provide Kindles and other e-readers to these schools . Wortzel said there is n't sufficient access to a wireless network in some of these regions to make it happen now . Ultimately , Wortzel and her team believe in the power of education and know it 's the key to lift up this region of the world and elsewhere . "  It 's in our best interest as humans to help educate people in the most remote and destitute parts of the world , " she said . "  Building personal and loving relationships with people from other countries and cultures is important to building consensus and peace . "	U.S. educator forms nonprofit called TALICA to help students in Central America Sue Ellen Wortzel said her immigrant student 's struggles inspired her to form TALICA Since 2006 , TALICA has donated 4,500 books to public schools in Central America
Washington  CNN  -- There is little evidence the U.S. government 's sweeping collection of phone records , as revealed by admitted intelligence leaker Edward Snowden , has helped prevent terror attacks as national security officials have claimed , a top senator said on Wednesday . Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy opened a hearing on the controversial National Security Agency  NSA  program applied under post 9/11 anti-terror legislation and approved by a secret court by questioning if it works or is needed . "  If this program is not effective , it has to end , " the Vermont Democrat said of the phone record collection program under Section 215 of the Patriot Act . He noted that classified details provided by the NSA on how the initiative had been used do not "  reflect dozens or even several terrorist plots " that it helped prevent "  let alone 54 as some have suggested . " Despite Leahy 's complaint , NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander later Wednesday repeated the figure of 54 terrorist events thwarted by the overall surveillance effort , of which the Section 215 program is one component . "  If we tell everyone exactly what we 're doing , then the adversaries will know exactly how to get through our defenses , " he told a conference in warning of the danger caused by Snowden 's leaks . Published reports have indicated the NSA received secret court approval to collect vast amounts of so-called metadata from telecommunications giant Verizon and leading Internet companies , including Microsoft , Apple , Google , Yahoo and Facebook . NSA chief : Snooping is crucial to fighting terrorism This includes "  non-content " material -- phone numbers called , or e-mail addresses -- rather than the actual substance of the information , which would require a separate search warrant . Senate Intelligence Chairman Dianne Feinstein said her panel was looking at potential changes to the surveillance programs , including a reduction in the five-year limit that the NSA currently can can hold gathered records . Feinstein , a California Democrat , said the Senate also was considering a requirement for the NSA to expedite its review of information it collects under the Section 215 program and another one that gathers Internet use information from abroad . "  These are things that can be done to increase transparency , but not to stop the program , " she said . "  I believe , based on what I have seen and I read intelligence regularly , that we would place this nation in jeopardy if we eliminated these two programs . " Meanwhile , the Guardian in London published a report on an NSA program that it says mines Internet browsing history and other online data , some of it in real time . The program called XKeyscore , which does not require any type of formal authorization , was detailed in documents leaked to the newspaper by Snowden , the Guardian said Wednesday . Snowden 's revelations have triggered new debate about national security and privacy interests , and about the secretive legal process that sets in motion surveillance . With lawmakers sharpening scrutiny of how the law is applied and the House narrowly defeating an amendment to cut surveillance funding last week , the Obama administration is scrambling to demonstrate more transparency and regain congressional support . Earlier this month , it declassified and publicized the NSA program 's periodic renewal . On Wednesday , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper released other previously secret documents , including reports from the 2009 to 2011 period . Report : FBI wanted to fly Snowden 's father to Moscow The Justice Department reports were aimed at helping Congress understand the surveillance as lawmakers debated renewing relevant parts of the Patriot Act . "  The National Security Agency 's bulk collection programs provide important tools in the fight against terrorism , especially in identifying terrorist plots against the homeland , " the 2011 report said . "  These tools are also unique in that they can produce intelligence not otherwise available to NSA . " Snowden 's father : My son loves his country At Wednesday 's hearing , Justice Department and security officials conceded the lack of direct causal links between the Section 215 phone record collection and thwarted attacks , but said the program was part of a crucial network for filling information gaps . Opinion : We need transparency on domestic surveillance They said the network of surveillance programs over the years helped thwart dozens of plots , including those targeting the stock exchange and the subway system in New York . In another apparent bid to demonstrate transparency , the Obama administration now says terror defendants should be informed when the government plans to use as evidence any information from its secret collection of electronic records . The change in legal interpretation this week suggests that criminal defendants subject to certain types of surveillance may be able to challenge the constitutionality of the NSA programs . As recently as this spring , the administration had argued that such disclosure of information from a secret court order was not necessary , even if the information was used to track and capture a suspect . The Supreme Court in its last term limited lawsuits against the government by plaintiffs who were unable to prove they were specific subjects of surveillance . Those plaintiffs had complained of a "  Catch 22 " because the government refused to acknowledge any surveillance for national security reasons . It was not clear if other pending terror prosecutions involving metadata evidence would adopt the new legal interpretation . CNNMoney : NSA chief to hackers : If you do n't like what we do , change it But the latest efforts in transparency were clouded by the Guardian report on XKeyscore , which it said magnified statements by Snowden that he , as a contractor , could easily access an astonishingly broad menu of personal information on just about anyone . Security officials had called Snowden 's assertion untrue , and White House spokesman Jay Carney echoed that denial on Wednesday by saying allegations of "  widespread , unchecked analyst access to NSA collection data are false . " Separately , the NSA said in a statement that its tools include stringent checks to limit what an analyst can do . "  Not every analyst can perform every function and no analyst can operate freely , " the statement said . At the Senate committee hearing , Leahy asked NSA Deputy Director John Inglis whether the agency has held anyone responsible for the Snowden leaks . "  How soon will we know who screwed up ? " Leahy asked , contending that inadequate controls allowed the former NSA contractor to leak surveillance program documents to media outlets . "  I think that we 'll know over weeks and months precisely what happened and who should then be hold accountable -- and we will hold them accountable , " Inglis responded . House rejects effort to curb NSA phone surveillance Leahy was impatient with the answer and raised the issue in connection with former Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning , who was convicted on Tuesday of leaking a trove of Iraq war battlefield reports , diplomatic cables and other information . "  We had a huge security breach , I think we 'll all agree , committed by Edward Snowden . And a few years ago Bradley Manning downloaded hundreds of thousands of classified and sensitive documents -- passed them on to WikiLeaks , " Leahy said . "  Now , if two data breaches of this magnitude occurred in the private sector , somebody would have been held accountable by now . " Snowden has fled the country and remains in diplomatic limbo at the Moscow airport . The United States has charged him with espionage . Opinion : NSA secrets kill our trust CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : NSA director repeats his statement that surveillance network thwarted 54 terror plots Sen. Leahy : Classified details show phone records had little role in stopping terror attacks The Director of National Intelligence releases details of surveillance programs NEW : The latest Snowden leak details a broad Internet surveillance program
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Los Angeles County sheriff 's captain is under investigation , suspected of springing a prisoner from jail to get free tips on his golf swing . The lessons from Frank Carrillo , a convicted jewel thief with a reputation as an expert golfer , allegedly took place on a course on Catalina Island , where Carrillo was serving a sentence on charges of theft , including stealing during a golf match a World Series ring that belonged to former Dodgers catcher Jimmy Campanis and a Rolex watch . Acccording to a claim from sheriff 's deputy William R. Cordero , Capt. Jeff Donahue "  illegally transported  inmate Frank  Carrillo to a local golf course where he was given golf lessons by Carrillo . " The claim says that the captain had "  Carrillo 's prison yellow jumpsuit and wristband removed ... then had Carrillo outfitted in civilian golf clothes including a polo shirt and Docker pants . " In his claim against the County of Los Angeles , Cordero alleges he has been threatened , harassed , transferred and not promoted because he blew the whistle on the golf outing . The claim says Donahue told Cordero that L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca cleared the golfing excursion . "  Sheriff Baca did not condone any golf outing and would not ever , " sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore told CNN . "  We take this very seriously . This is something we have been aware of and we are conducting an internal investigation to find out what exactly did or did not happen . " Donahue , who is part of the sheriff 's force at Avalon that polices California 's Catalina Island , is on medical leave . He did not immediately return a call to the station seeking comment . Documents show Carrillo was convicted in December of 2010 of three counts of grand theft , receiving stolen property and two counts of burglary .	Alleged lessons from a convicted jewel thief lead to an investigation A sheriff 's deputy says he has been threatened for blowing the whistle on the golf outing Sheriff Lee Baca "  did not condone any golf outing , " his spokesman says
CNN  -- Investigators have found evidence that Sandy Hook Elementary School gunman Adam Lanza "  was obsessed " with other mass murderers , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN Tuesday . This news follows an earlier report that Lanza may have been motivated by a desire to outdo Anders Behring Breivik , the Norwegian man who killed 77 people in July 2011 , law enforcement sources told CBS Evening News . The unnamed CBS sources said Lanza saw himself as being in direct competition with Breivik , who killed eight with a bombing in downtown Oslo before he moved to a nearby island where he hunted down and fatally shot 69 people . According to the sources , the 20-year-old Lanza wanted to top Breivik 's death toll and went to the Connecticut school on December 14 because it was the "  easiest target " and had the "  largest cluster of people . " Video games to blame ? The same officials also linked Lanza 's actions to violent video games . The officials , who have been briefed on the Newtown , Connecticut , investigation , told CBS that evidence shows Lanza was likely acting out the fantasies of a video game in killing 20 children and six adults at the school . Lanza 's mother , Nancy , also was found shot dead at her Newtown home . Police believe Lanza killed his mother before beginning his school rampage . He took his own life with a handgun as authorities closed in . Police dismiss report A spokesman for the Connecticut State Police dismissed the CBS report , calling it speculation . "  It 's inaccurate ... I talked with CBS and told them that , " Lt. Paul Vance told CNN . "  We are dealing with a deceased shooter and trying to rebuild history . " Vance , however , did not dismiss the notion that investigators may have looked at the Norway shooting . "  We 'll look at everything , " Vance said . "  One thing leads to another . " Authorities have been largely tight-lipped about their investigation . Hundreds of state troopers , detectives and other law enforcement personnel are analyzing every round of ammunition fired , examining the gunman 's medical history and computer use and talking to witnesses , Vance said previously . A final report on the Newtown shooting is expected this summer . Vance released a statement Tuesday afternoon that did n't refer to any specific news reports but denied that any information came from the state police . "  The unfortunate origin of unsubstantiated details of this case are both hurtful and , many times , inaccurate , " Vance said in the statement . According to the news release , no information will be released until the investigation is finished , but detectives have no date when they will wrap up their interviews and evidence gathering . The Norway attacks July 22 , 2011 , will live long in the memory of all Norwegians after the carnage that unfolded that day . After detonating a bomb outside the prime minister 's office in Oslo , killing eight people , Breivik took a ferry to Utoya Island and embarked on a shooting spree that took the lives of another 69 people attending a youth camp . Authorities said Breivik roamed the lake island shooting at campers , before members of an elite Norwegian police unit took him into custody . In August 2012 Breivik , who boasted of being an ultranationalist who killed his victims to fight multiculturalism in Norway , was judged to be sane at the time of the attack . He was convicted of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror and sentenced to 21 years in prison . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : State police say reports are "  unsubstantiated , " can be hurtful , inaccurate Adam Lanza "  was obsessed " with mass murderers CBS reports Connecticut shooter may have tried to top Norway massacre A Norwegian man killed 77 people in 2011
CNN  -- AC Milan captain Gennaro Gattuso has apologised for head-butting Tottenham assistant manager Joe Jordan at the end of Tuesday 's stormy Champions League clash at the San Siro . Gattuso had already had an altercation with 59-year-old Jordan , who ironically starred for Milan during his playing career , earlier in Tottenham 's 1-0 win , before the two went head-to-head again at the final whistle . Speaking to the media following Milan 's defeat , Gattuso said : "  I lost my head and I 'm taking responsibility because I did something I should n't have done . Why Gattuso has to lose his cool "  I was annoyed about the words I 'd exchanged with Jordan earlier . We were both speaking Scottish given that I played in his country in Glasgow but I 'm not going to say what was said . "  I made a mistake doing what I did to an older person , and that 's it . I will wait and see what UEFA decides now , " he added . And European football 's governing body UEFA have already issued a statement saying : "  UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Gennaro Gattuso after the incidents that took place after the match between AC Milan and Tottenham . "  The UEFA Control and Disciplinary Body will meet next Monday February 21 to discuss this case . " Gattuso 's behavior drew widespread condemnation , with his own coach Massimiliano Allegri expecting his player to be disciplined . Allegri told a press conference : "  It was an unpleasant episode , I really do n't know why it happened . " "  I did n't like this episode , it 's not nice to see , of course it will be looked at by UEFA , there was certainly a reason that he behaved this way but you ca n't excuse it . " Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp added : "  Gattuso had a flair-up with Joe Jordan . I do n't know why . He obviously has n't done his homework . He really could have picked a fight with someone other than Joe . "  He put his head into Joe 's face for some reason . It was crazy . He lost his head during the game . "	Gennaro Gattuso apologises for his behavior against AC Milan on Tuesday UEFA to investigate altercation with Tottenham assistant manager Joe Jordan Gattuso and Jordan clashed twice , with the Italian appearing to head-butt Jordan Tottenham claimed 1-0 win and are favorites to reach Champions League quarters
CNN  -- A Texas actress charged with sending ricin-tainted letters to President Barack Obama and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg was found competent Wednesday to stand trial . Appearing in federal court in Texarkana , Texas , Shannon Richardson , 35 , entered a plea of not guilty to all counts . Richardson , also known as Shannon Rogers and Shannon Guess , initially told the FBI that her husband , Nathaniel , had sent the ricin-laced letters , but a polygraph exam found her to be "  deceptive " on the matter , authorities have said . Investigators found that her computer storage devices contained the text of threatening letters sent to the president , but the couple 's computer records show that her husband could n't have printed them out because he was at work at the time , according to an FBI arrest affidavit . Richardson later told investigators she mailed the ricin-tainted letters , but she claimed that her husband typed the letters and forced her to print and mail them , the affidavit said . Her husband denied involvement and claimed that his wife wanted to end their marriage and leave him . He told investigators that his wife was "  intentionally misleading " them , court papers said . Nathaniel Richardson has filed for divorce . His wife is pregnant , according to divorce papers . Richardson has had minor roles in TV series including "  The Walking Dead " and "  The Vampire Diaries . " What you need to know about ricin CNN 's Joe Sutton , Dana Ford , Chandler Friedman and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Shannon Richardson , 35 , enters a plea of not guilty to all counts She is accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to Obama and NYC mayor Richardson has had minor roles in TV series including "  The Walking Dead "
CNN  -- U.S. and North Korean officials are meeting Wednesday in Beijing to settle the details of a plan to allow the resumption of food aid to the North . The talks take place against a backdrop of bellicose images and rhetoric from Pyongyang . North Korean television this week aired footage of a military unit carrying out live-fire drills in sight of a South Korean island . Robert King , the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , is holding talks with representatives from Pyongyang on Wednesday to "  finalize all of the technical arrangements so that the nutritional assistance can begin to move , " according to the U.S. State Department . North Korea last week announced an agreement to freeze its nuclear and missile tests , along with uranium enrichment programs , and allow the return of U.N. nuclear inspectors . The United States said it would provide 240,000 metric tons of nutritional assistance to the impoverished country . GPS : The price of negotiating with North Korea The United States had suspended shipments of food aid to North Korea in 2009 amid tensions over Pyongyang 's nuclear program and concerns that the supplies were not reaching those most in need . The deal last week to resume the deliveries came after the the two countries revived negotiations that had stalled after the death in December of the longtime North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . The talks Wednesday will focus on issues such as what ports will be used to dock incoming ships , how the distribution of the food will be monitored and which nongovernmental organizations will be involved . The talks will be the final phase in implementing U.S. food aid , according to the State Department . The agreement was cautiously welcomed by U.S. officials in the hope that a new era in relations with the North would begin and lead to a resumption of multilateral talks aimed at the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . But Pyongyang has stepped up its rhetoric against the South Korean president , Lee Myung-bak , and his government since Kim Jong Un took over from his father , Kim Jong Il , as North Korean leader . The footage on North Korean television this week showed tanks repositioning and an artillery machine being prepared , overlooking waters that have seen a number of violent incidents over the years . North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island in November 2010 , killing four South Koreans , claiming it was responding to a South Korean military drill in the area . Fiery rhetoric accompanied the military actions . Deputy commander Li Gum-chol said , "  We will turn Seoul into a sea of flames by our strong and cruel artillery firepower , which can not be compared to our artillery shelling on Yeonpyeong Island . We are training hard , concentrating on revenge to shock Lee Myung-bak 's traitorous group and the military warmongers in South Korea . " The United States and South Korea are carrying out annual joint military drills , which North Korea has condemned as a provocation . Now , Pyongyang is staging its own . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	North Korea last week announced a freeze on nuclear and missile tests In return , the Unites States has agreed to resume providing food aid The talks Wednesday are to agree the details of the food assistance Talks come against backdrop of fiery rhetoric from North Korea toward the South
CNN  -- Yet again , politics and race got mixed up together today , and this time with an added bonus -- adoption . In a segment on her MSNBC show , host Melissa Harris-Perry highlighted Mitt Romney 's family photo , in which the former GOP presidential candidate held his newly adopted African-American grandson on his knee . She encouraged her panel to "  caption that " picture . What followed was unfortunate , thoughtless commentary from the panel .  One of the panelists , Dean Obeidallah , appears on CNN shows and writes op-eds for CNN.com . The exchange was a cold reminder of us of just how easy it is to flippantly do harm , and also of the dearth of understanding and sensitivity surrounding race and adoption I am a transracial adoptee and advocate for children and families , so the complexities of race and adoption resonate on a personal level . I see myself in that Romney family photo . I was adopted from foster care when I was about 8 months old . My white parents recall that during the adoption process , there was little conversation about race or what it meant to have a baby of another race enter the family . The "  non-identifying " adoption records I received as an adult articulated the agency 's noncommittal stance on my race and noted that there was a birthmark present that "  could indicate " I was of mixed race . With the reality that race was not something that was going to be discussed , how could anyone expect me or my family to know how to deal with issues of race and adoption ? There was little to no education , so we were left to our own devices . When people did and said insensitive and cruel things , my sturdy New England parents simply loved me and cared for me the very best they could . According to a 2007 National Survey of Adoptive Parents , about 40 % of adoptions in America are transracial  most are international adoptions  and that number is growing . Most transracial adoptions are with white adoptive parents . While there is a strong sense of community support surrounding many intercountry adoptions -- such as from South Korea and China -- black and white adoptions tends to be more polarizing . Thankfully , more resources are available today than during my 1971 adoption . Families can proactively seek out books , online help and support groups to be more in tune with the needs of their adopted children . But they have to be self-starters because transracial adoption is poorly studied and not tracked appropriately . What 's lacking are longitudinal studies that focus on the transracial adoption experience . Without these , it 's difficult to create and target additional programs and support systems , indeed to even make the case that they are needed . While to many , research that would yield such information would be useful and important , it seems to fall low on the funding priority list . Because of this , available data is old , limited and often inconsistent . This might also have something to do with issues of class , race and history that for many attend the idea of white parents adopting black and brown babies . Today there is no set national standard for training pre-adoptive parents that want to adopt a child of another race . Some agencies make it their mission to do as much as they can to prepare families , while others simply do not include differences in race and what that means to a family as part of their training . Against this backdrop , the misbegotten MSNBC jokes hurt . They do n't help . They are another reminder that adoptive families need to be always at the ready to support their children on matters of race and adoption . White parents will never fully understand what it means to be black or brown , but they can and should do their best to support their children . And they should have help : Even the best adoptions managed by well-trained practitioners should offer robust post-adoption services and education that includes the language and tools to help adopted children as they grow and develop . When someone says or does something careless , the people that should know how to comfort the adopted person should not be at a loss . I remember in my white neighborhood that people during the summer would ask me if I was a "  fresh air " child . While I did not understand it , I got the distinct impression that I did not belong where I was for some strange reason . And kids in my school would throw out barbs such as "  at least I know who my real parents are . " So often , the thoughtlessness and carelessness of others results in deep pain for adoptees , who are already faced with navigating a life-ong search for identity that begins with losing their original family . I ca n't help but feel for innocent little Kieran Romney as he is singled out at the very beginning of his adoption journey . When transracial adoption is mocked , it only works to undermine the foundation adoptees and adoptive families are trying to build . One hopes Kieran 's parents received guidance before adopting him on the challenges they could face . Insensitivity , ignorance and intolerance will fuel negative comments . The answer is to better to prepare and educate adoptive parents , practitioners , educators and the media to the sensitivities of adoption and race . Transracially adoption children should be protected and empowered , not singled out and mocked . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of April Dinwoodie .	April Dinwoodie : MSNBC panel 's flip jokes about Mitt Romney 's grandchild were thoughtless She is a transracial adoptee and says such adoptions have scant guidance or support She says MSNBC jokes hurt and do n't help adoptees already facing identity issues Dinwoodie : Transracial adoptive families need preparation and media should be sensitive
CNN  -- In the aftermath of the decision in Schuette v. Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action , there is one thing  and perhaps only one thing  that most everyone agrees upon : It is a game changer . The Background : A game changer By Jonathan Turley After decades of conflicting and increasingly convoluted decisions on the use of race as a criterion for university admissions , the Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that the citizens of Michigan could constitutionally ban the use of race and other criteria in the selection of students . For some , the court affirmed the right to establish a colorblind selection process . For others , the court engaged in an act of willful blindness to the racial realities of society . The court has been struggling in this area for decades . In 1977 , in Regents of the University of California v. Bakke , the court allowed only a limited use of race for the purpose of achieving "  diversity " in classes . The Medical School at the University of California at Davis set aside 16 of the 100 seats for minorities . The court ruled it unconstitutional but was deeply divided on why -- a harbinger for the line of cases that would follow Bakke . The court spent nearly the next 40 years spinning on the ice of affirmative action , unable to get traction or a clear direction . The court 's split decision in 2003 is illustrative . It was presented with two cases involving the use of race as a criterion in the undergraduate and the law school admissions processes at University of Michigan . In one case , Gratz v. Bollinger , the court voted 6-3 that the university violated equal protection in the selection of students based on race and other criteria . It then ruled 5-4 , in Grutter v. Bollinger , to uphold race criteria in the admissions process for Michigan Law School . However , Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor stressed that the court "  expects that 25 years from now , the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary to further the interest approved today . " O'Connor 's statement was ridiculed by many  including some on the court  , but seemed to capture the fluidity of the court 's position on the use of race . In 2013 , the court again seemed to produce a nuanced and uncertain decision in Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin , where the court rejected a lower court decision upholding the use of race in admissions at the University of Texas . However , it did not prohibit the use of race but rather sent back the case for the imposition of a more demanding test of "  strict scrutiny . " These cases offered little hope that a "  bright line " could be reached to bring resolution of the issue and meant that the court would continue to referee such matters . That line , however , may now have been reached in Schuette . Michigan voters responded to the divided results in the Grutter and Gratz cases to bring their own clarity to the area . They passed a constitutional amendment that required an entirely colorblind process for selection at state schools  as well as barring schools from giving an advantage to some students based on other immutable characteristics like gender  . By a vote of 6-2 , the court ruled this week that citizens could do precisely that . In so ruling , the court for the first time created an avenue that could end this longstanding controversy by vote of citizens . Seven states have already passed such rules , and this decision is likely to encourage others to follow . In my seminar on the Constitution and the Supreme Court , my students and I debate leading cases each term and voted both on the merits and on our prediction as to the outcome in that "  other " court . So , in our recent vote , the GW Supreme Court voted overwhelmingly , 11-4 , to reverse the Sixth Circuit and allow Michigan voters to make such a decision . The class also predicted the result in the case -- again by an 11-4 vote . Here are two of our "  GW justices " who viewed the case in manifestly different ways : AGAINST : Ruling reflects ` sad history ' of racial hurdles By Yvette Butler The importance of the court 's decision is amplified by our sad history of placing hurdles to bar minorities from meaningful participation in the political process . Race-conscious policies , by the court 's own admission , are highly controversial and should be confronted in the political process through healthy debate . However , the debate means little if no real action can be taken to implement what was decided through that debate . The Michigan Constitution already contained a process for deciding university admissions policies . Michigan residents had ample voice through elections to choose members of a board that were an integral part of this process . If the board members were not advancing the will of the people , residents could have made their voices heard through elections . This switch from a highly accessible and accountable board to a state constitutional amendment is an impermissible restructuring of the political process which will only serve to cripple the effectiveness of public debate and severely disadvantage the minority . By adopting a change on a state constitutional level , the issue is further removed from the hands of the people . Even assuming that a healthy debate will take place , the decision places a significant hurdle in the way of any concrete action . This decision goes against clearly established Supreme Court precedent that it is unconstitutional to inhibit meaningful access to the political process for minorities . The Supreme Court plays a special role in our system . It must uphold constitutional rights , especially in the face of majority rule where that majority seeks to take a voice away from the minority . FOR : Court should not undo the will of the people By Vincent C. Cirilli The political process yields favorable and unfavorable results . As long as the government does not interfere with the right to participate in the process , and as long as the results of that process are constitutional , the courts can not take power from voters and undo the will of the people . The Supreme Court made clear that Schuette was not about the constitutional validity of affirmative action programs . Instead , the case was about whether Michigan 's constitutional amendment barring affirmative action interfered with the right to participate in the political process . The court correctly ruled that the process functioned properly . What did that process entail ? Michigan 's Proposal 2 , a statewide referendum , was approved by 58 % of Michigan voters . The amendment the voters passed does not restrict speech , deny voting rights , or impose majoritarian barriers designed to prevent the minority from achieving its goals . In other words , the amendment does not interfere with the political process . Voters are not silenced , the issues are not censored , and the debate surrounding affirmative action is not over . If the role of the court is to perfect democracy , then the court fulfilled its role in not overturning Michigan 's amendment . A ruling to the contrary would undermine democracy by removing this debate from the public sphere and leaving its resolution in the hands of nine unelected judges . Some may disagree with Michigan 's amendment . That is to be expected and encouraged . The political process is always ongoing and perhaps the issue will be revisited . In the meantime , the debate will continue , ideas will be shared , and the political process will march forward . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Jonathan Turley and his law students debate the ruling in the Michigan affirmative action case Yvette Butler argues the amendment takes the issue out of the hands of the people Vincent C. Cirilli counters that the will of the voters should not be ignored But all agree : The ruling is a game changer
CNN  -- Gunmen shot and killed the mayor of the Mexican town of Guadalupe as his wife and child watched , the mayor of nearby Ciudad Juarez told CNN . Mexican federal police confirmed the shooting death of Guadalupe Mayor Jesus Manuel Lara Rodriguez . Ciudad Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said Lara , who maintained what was apparently a second home in Juarez , was killed outside that house as he walked to his car . "  He was a very good man , a man set on bringing law and order to that city , " said Reyes . "  This is a big loss , " he said . Lara , who became the mayor of Guadalupe in 2007 , had apparently taken up residence in Juarez to protect his family , Reyes told CNN . He kept his official home in Guadalupe . "  He was killed in the eastern part of Juarez ... he never told me he had a house here , he never asked for protection from the city , " the Juarez mayor said . Reyes said violence increased in Guadalupe since 2,000 federal troops arrived in Juarez early in the year . Guadalupe -- a city bordering Hudspeth County , Texas -- once had 40 policemen but is now left with four , he said . The northern Mexico state of Chihuahua is one of the main battlegrounds for rival drug cartels fighting for access to the U.S. drug-trade corridor . Reyes said he had a long partnership with Lara as both mayors rallied for more support for border cities in the war against drug cartels . "  His -LSB- Lara 's -RSB- case is the best proof that the fight against the flow of drugs into the U.S. is right at the border , " said Reyes .	Mexican federal police confirmed the shooting death of Jesus Manuel Lara Rodriguez Victim 's wife and child watched the slaying , says Ciudad Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz "  He never asked for protection from the city , " the Juarez mayor says . "  This is a big loss "
CNN  -- A year that began with a fourth Australian Open title ended in similarly triumphant style for Novak Djokovic on Monday as the Serb outclassed Rafael Nadal in the ATP World Tour Finals finale . The stunning straight-sets 6-3 6-4 victory over the world no. 1 ensured the Serb finished the season with a flourish , claiming four titles in a row and complete a run of 22 matches unbeaten since losing to Nadal in the U.S. Open final in September . "  I 've had a great 2013 season and this is the best possible way to crown all the achievements that I had , " Djokovic told CNN 's Amanda Davies . Read more : Djokovic canters to ATP Finals glory "  This has been the best tennis  I 've played  in the whole of 2013 . And winning against the world No. 1 Nadal , who has had the best year out of all the players , in straight sets could not be better , " Djokovic added . "  I did n't expect myself to play as well as I did in the last two-and-a-half months after that painful loss in the U.S. Open final . " The four-set defeat to the Spaniard at Flushing Meadows and , in particular , the semi-final loss at the French Open last June , were hard to take says Djokovic . "  I played well in those matches but he just got the best out of me in the important moments , " added the Serb . "  Mentally , I did n't keep my composure , my calmness . When you play a top rival , a few points decide a winner and it can shift from one side to the other in a split second , " he said . "  I did have my doubts after that and had some ups and downs . But I managed to get stronger and had that necessary experience to understand what I need to get better , to get stronger and to have this willpower that keeps me going . "  I 've managed to regroup to analyze what I 've done wrong and work on that with my team and we had a great improvement in the last two months . " The recent run of victories ranks second only to the incredible 41-match winning streak he achieved in 2011 , though Djokovic happily conceded Nadal is a worthy world No. 1 right now . Read more : Djokovic and Troicki slam ` ridiculous ' procedures "  I have to say he deserves to end up as No. 1 because he won two grand slams and has played incredible tennis on hard courts this season .  It 's  not his preferred surface in the past few years , but he has improved and won so many matches , " Djokovic said . "  For me , it 's just important to keep on winning , to keep on getting as many titles as I can and I know the rankings and results will follow . " While Nadal 's own remarkable season is at an end , Djokovic has one more mountain to climb as he attempts to lead Serbia to Davis Cup glory against Czech Republic in Belgrade this weekend . The 26-year-old says that the international team tournament might lack the kudos it once enjoyed , but he 's still desperate to add a second title to the one Serbia clinched against France in 2010 before gearing up for more individual glory next year . "  Representing your country is very rare in our sport and a very unique opportunity for us to win another title at home , " he says . "  This can serve as a great platform for 2014 season . I 'm extra motivated and inspired to work and get myself , first of all , rested and recovered in the off season , and then work on my game and get ready for Australian Open . "	World No. 2 reflects on latest season-ending success with CNN 's Amanda Davies Serb seals second ATP World Tour Finals win and fourth straight title since September Djokovic admits to doubts following difficult defeats to Nadal at French and U.S. Opens 26-year-old set to lead Serbia in Davis Cup final in Belgrade starting on November 15
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo warmed up for Saturday 's El Clasico by firing Real Madrid to victory over Juventus in the European Champions League . Ronaldo scored twice as Real defeated the Italian champion 2-1 at the Bernabeu to make it three wins out of three in Group B . The Portuguese star has now scored seven goals in this season 's competition , netting either side of a Fernando Llorente strike to seal the points . "  We have taken a very important step towards securing qualification , " Real captain Iker Casillas told reporters . "  It was n't easy but we have taken the first step , getting nine points from three matches . We have to go to Turin now and at least avoid defeat . " Juventus now finds itself in danger of being eliminated at the Group Stage after taking just two points from its opening three games . Its case was not helped by Turkish side Galatasaray , which defeated FC Copenhagen 3-1 to move up to second in the group . Real , which is currently third in La Liga , will now travel to Barcelona with the mission of inflicting a first league defeat of the season on its arch rival . Coach Carlo Ancelotti could even give $ 138 million signing Gareth Bale a place in the team after the Wales international made a cameo appearance as a substitute following his recovery from a thigh injury . "  He came on when the match has lost its intensity , " Ancelotti said at a news conference . "  That did n't help him play better but it was important for him to get some time on the pitch , " added the Italian . "  I think now he is ready to start a match . " While Ronaldo stole the show in the Spanish capital , it was Zlatan Ibrahimovic who lit up Brussels with a four-goal salvo . The Swede , who is set to come up against Ronaldo in the World Cup playoff , scored a hat-trick inside 19 minutes as Paris Saint-Germain crushed Anderlecht 5-0 . Ibrahimovic added a fourth on 62 minutes to take his tally to nine in his past four appearances . Edinson Cavani added a fifth as PSG underlined its credentials as serious challengers . "  It was a really good game with plenty of positives all over the pitch . It was the perfect match , " declared PSG coach Laurent Blanc . "  Ibrahimovic 's four goals were exceptional . It is difficult to say which was the best . "  Winning the Champions League would be a dream for all the players and the board . But it is a difficult objective . "  We need to go one step at a time and the first is to win the group . " PSG sit top of Group C with maximum points -- five ahead of Olympiakos which was held to a 1-1 draw at Benfica . Defending champion Bayern Munich eased to a 5-0 win over Czech side Viktoria Plzen to maintain its perfect start to the competition . Franck Ribery scored twice , while there were also goals for David Alaba , Bastian Schweinsteiger and Mario Gotze . "  I am happy with the performance of the players , " Bayern boss Pep Guardiola told reporters . "  I believe that in the European matches this season , including the Super Cup win over Chelsea , we have played well but in the Bundesliga it has taken us longer to click into gear and perhaps we need more time . " Bayern has taken nine points from nine and sits top of Group D with Manchester City in second place . Sergio Aguero scored twice as City won 2-1 at CSKA Moscow in a game which was marred by racist chanting . City midfielder Yaya Toure was subjected to "  monkey chants " by home supporters and the club will now take up the matter with UEFA , the European game 's governing body . Manchester United claimed a vital 1-0 win over Real Sociedad at Old Trafford thanks an own goal by Inigo Martinez . The home side wasted several other chances to increase their lead while the visiting side struck the crossbar through Antoine Griezmann . "  I thought we played well tonight . I thought we created opportunities , " said United manager David Moyes , whose side was held to a 1-1 draw by Southampton in the Premier League last weekend . "  But while it was 1-0 , I still had feelings of Saturday left inside me and while it was 1-0 , you know you can always lose a goal from a corner kick or a free-kick . "  But it would n't have been right if we had n't taken all three points tonight . " United is one point clear at the top of Group A following Bayer Leverkusen 's 4-0 home win over Shakhtar Donetsk . Stefan Kiessling scored twice with Simon Rolfes and Sidney Sam also on target for the German side .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice as Real Madrid beats Juventus Zlatan Ibrahimovic hits four as Paris Saint-Germain trounces Anderlecht Bayern Munich cruises past Plzen Manchester United sneaks past Real Sociedad
CNN  -- Thursday 's vice presidential debate will not receive nearly as much attention as the battles between Mitt Romney and President Barack Obama . After all , the debates between the vice presidential candidates are a bit like watching AAA baseball . Right now , most voters are focused on the people running for the highest office in the land . Nevertheless , vice presidential debates have a colorful history . Although they do n't do much to affect the results of the actual campaign , they can have an effect on the future of a candidate 's career regardless of whether the ticket wins or loses . In several cases , promising stars have been badly harmed by their performances , developing public perceptions that proved hard to shake . Opinion : Romney was hungry , Obama was flat With Vice President Joe Biden possibly considering a run for the presidency in 2016 and Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan widely considered to be one of the most promising stars of the GOP , both men have a lot to lose if their effort on Thursday does not go well . In 1976 , Sen. Bob Dole , R-Kansas , ripped into his opponent on many fronts , but he came off looking nasty and unnecessarily aggressive . Some of his statements were so controversial that they raised questions about whether he was fit to hold the office , particularly because voters were still leery from the nastiness of President Richard Nixon 's White House . During the debate Dole said that "  If we added up the killed and wounded in Democrat wars in this century , it would be about 1.6 million Americans , enough to fill the city of Detroit . " Walter Mondale seized on the statement , saying that "  Sen. Dole has richly earned his reputation as a hatchet man . " That phrase stuck , even more than Dole 's comments , and for many years Republicans remained skeptical that Dole could be an effective presidential candidate because of this negative image . In 1988 , Sen. Lloyd Bentsen , running with Michael Dukakis , picked apart Sen. Dan Quayle . The charismatic young conservative from Indiana was a fresh voice in the party , a politician who many observers thought could be a new leader for the GOP down the road . This was why Vice President George H.W. Bush selected him as his running mate . News : Stakes get higher in upcoming Biden-Ryan debate When Quayle , who had stumbled through some gaffes early after his announcement , likened himself to President John F. Kennedy , Bentsen fired back : "  I served with Jack Kennedy . I knew Jack Kennedy . Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine . Senator , you 're no Jack Kennedy . " The zinger played into fears that Quayle was a lightweight who could not handle the obligations of the presidency . While Quayle was on the winning ticket , his image took a big hit as a result of the debate and other events on the campaign trail . In 2004 , North Carolina Sen. John Edwards , running with Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry , also suffered from his encounter with a more experienced candidate , Vice President Dick Cheney . At the time , Edwards was one of the darlings of the Democratic Party , a photogenic senator who spoke emotionally about the issues of poverty and inequality , something that energized the party 's base . But his performance in the debate was unsuccessful . Opinion : Millennials want candidates Talk to us Cheney dug into Edwards , saying , "  The first time I ever met you was when you walked onto the stage tonight , " a statement highlighting the accusation that Edwards was more interested in advancing his career than politics and that he had constantly missed votes . When Edwards brought up Cheney 's daughter Mary , who is gay , to challenge his opposition to gay marriage , Cheney came back by saying , "  Let me simply thank the senator for the kind words he said about my family and our daughter , " ending Edwards ' assault on the spot . Edwards ' performance left many uncomfortable . The senator looked like a lightweight , and many came away more skeptical about whether he could handle the pressures of the presidency . The 2008 debate between then-Sen . Joe Biden and Sarah Palin did n't have as many dramatic moments . Still it was harmful to Palin . The Alaska governor entered the debate with low expectations after a series of botched television interviews led voters to question whether she was really qualified to hold higher office . During the debates , Palin did not do much to impress voters . Her decision to evade certain questions and give vague responses to others continued to fuel discussion as to whether she was out of her league . What would you ask Biden , Ryan ? Some scratched their head when she asked her opponent , "  Can I call you Joe ? " At another point she admitted that she "  may not answer the questions the way the moderator and you want to hear . " The performance became fodder for "  Saturday Night Live " comedians , with Tina Fey playing Palin , constantly winking and talking about being a maverick without any substance . When the segment ends , Fey asks : "  Are we not doing the talent portion ? "  A reference to Palin having been in the Miss Alaska competition . Opinion : Will Big Bird be downsized ? It might be that following the first presidential debate , where Mitt Romney dramatically turned the media narrative in his favor and walked away with a major victory , that interest will be greater than usual in this vice presidential debate , and a decisive victory either way could play some role in the campaign . But the chances are still slim . Regardless , we do know that poor performances in vice presidential debates can harm the chances for a candidate to run for higher office down the road . Though they will obviously be focused on 2012 , both Ryan and Biden will need to be careful not to act in ways that undercut their ability to run for the presidency four years from now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Vice presidential debates do n't usually sway outcome of elections He says they can have an outsized influence on careers of the candidates Zelizer : Debates proved harmful to Palin , Edwards , Quayle and Dole
Washington  CNN  Losing the majority in the Senate was bad news for most national Democrats . But for a few of outspoken liberals -- especially those with higher ambitions -- the minority may be a bit more fun . For the next two years , liberals like Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren -- a pair oft-discussed during 2016 speculation -- will be able to use the Republican control as a foil for their rhetoric and message . They will also be more unencumbered by difficult votes thrust upon them by the White House and Democratic leadership . Republicans are now in control , meaning most votes they take will give them opportunities to blast their opponents and rally their base . Barbara Boxer is retiring , not running for reelection in 2016 This was clear in the first meeting of the new Senate Energy Committee on Thursday , when Warren -- who has repeatedly said she is n't running for President -- used her first speech to lambast Republicans for kowtowing to foreign oil companies and business interests by pushing the Keystone XL pipeline . "  I want to know why the pipeline is the very first , No. 1 item on the agenda in the new Congress , " Warren said of the 1,179-mile-long project that would move oil from Canada to refineries in the United States . After making the case that the pipeline was not about jobs or energy costs -- two points Republicans regularly make -- Warren upped her rhetoric . "  So it 's not about jobs ; it 's not about energy . Why is this bill so urgent ? The answer is money , money and power , " Warren said . "  Who does this new Republican Congress work for , foreign oil companies or the American people ? Today , their first priority is to advance a pipeline that means a whole lot to lobbyists and a giant foreign oil company . " Sanders , too , will likely use his position caucusing with the minority party  the senator is an independent who chooses to meet with Democrats  to needle both Republicans and the Obama administration . On free trade , for example , Sanders has already staked out a position that is antithetical to the White House when he wrote a letter to the administration blasting the Trans-Pacific Partnership , a free trade deal with 12 Pacific Rim countries . In particular , Sanders -- who is openly considering a 2016 run -- has accused the White House of creating the agreement in secret . "  It is incomprehensible to me that the leaders of major corporate interests who stand to gain enormous financial benefits from this agreement are actively involved in the writing of the TPP while , at the same time , the elected officials of this country , representing the American people , have little or no knowledge as to what is in it , " he wrote . "  In my view , this is simply unacceptable , " he said . Z. Byron Wolf contributed to this report .	Minority senators will have more freedom to needle Republicans and buck their party This could help a number of liberal senators , especially anyone eying the White House Warren - who says she is n't running for president - showed this by attacking Republicans on the Keystone XL pipeline
CNN  -- A Texas judge denied a Planned Parenthood request for a temporary restraining order Monday that would have extended the organization 's ability to participate in the state 's revamped Women 's Health Program . A law going into effect Tuesday requires the state to fully fund women 's health clinics with the exception of those that are affiliated with abortion providers . Previously , such establishments obtained 90 % of their money through the Social Security Administration and other federal funding . Planned Parenthood , which provides abortions at some of its clinics , and fellow plaintiff Marcela Balquinta of McAllen , Texas , had filed the request for a temporary restraining order seeking exclusion from the new law , arguing the organization provides preventative women 's health care not associated with abortions to nearly 50,000 Texas enrollees annually . "  I have denied the request for a temporary restraining order at this time , " Judge Gary Harger said . "  I did not find that there would be an irreparable harm in waiting nine days for the injunction hearing . " A full hearing is scheduled for January 11 before U.S. District Judge Stephen Yelenosky on whether to grant Planned Parenthood a temporary injunction . Texas Gov. Rick Perry issued a statement welcoming the move . "  Today 's ruling finally clears the way for thousands of low-income Texas women to access much-needed care , while at the same time respecting the values and laws of our state , " he said . "  I applaud all those who stand ready to help these women live healthy lives without sending taxpayer money to abortion providers and their affiliates . " With the temporary restraining order denial , women may not be able to access care through the Texas Women 's Health Program at Planned Parenthood clinics , pending the result of the January 11 hearing . "  It is shocking that once again Texas officials are letting politics jeopardize health care access for women , " said Ken S. Lambrecht , president and CEO of Planned Parenthood of Greater Texas . "  This case is n't about Planned Parenthood -- it 's about women like Marcy Balquinta who rely on us for basic , preventive health care . " He added , "  Regardless of what happens in the courts , Planned Parenthood will be here for our patients . Our doors remain open today and always to Texas women in need . We only wish Texas politicians shared this commitment to Texas women , their health , and their wellbeing . " Mississippi 's only clinic faces shutdown threat Obamacare contraception coverage rule stands Ireland to clarify abortion law	As of Tuesday , Planned Parenthood is cut from the state 's Women 's Health Program The law puts funding of women 's health clinics in state hands rather than federal No clinics associated with abortion providers can receive any of the money
