CNN  -- An official tally of Mexico 's presidential election returns -- including individual recounts for more than half the ballots -- confirmed Enrique Peña Nieto as the winner of the election . But until the country 's electoral tribunal ratifies the results -- and challenges are virtually assured -- Peña Nieto remains the presumptive president-elect . According to the website of the Federal Electoral Institute , with 100 % of the totals counted , Peña Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , had 38.21 % of vote , while leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador finished with 31.59 % and conservative candidate Josefina Vazquez Mota had 25.41 % . The official tally included individual ballot recounts in 54.5 % of the country 's electoral districts . Lopez Obrador has vowed to challenge the results , accusing the PRI of vote-buying , and said that he would take his complaints through the legal system . He did not immediately comment following the announcement of the official count . Amanpour : Can Nieto save Mexico ? For his part , Peña Nieto told CNN that "  I am president by the majority decision of the Mexicans . " If Lopez Obrador , who was the candidate for a leftist coalition , continues his challenge , the process could stretch out for months . The federal electoral tribunal , known as TRIFE , will begin on Monday to accept complaints of voting irregularities . The tribunal will have until September 6 to complete its investigation and ratify -- or reverse -- the official election results . The new president will be sworn in on December 1 . In the 2006 presidential vote , election authorities said Lopez Obrador narrowly lost to Felipe Calderon . The former Mexico City mayor claimed election fraud and never conceded , referring to himself as "  the legitimate president of Mexico . " Lopez Obrador 's supporters protested nationwide . In Mexico City , they staged sit-ins and blockades . Officials have called this election the most transparent in Mexico 's history . It was the first election in which scanned copies of district-by-district election returns were posted on the Internet . But accusations have arisen of electoral manipulation by the PRI . The party , which was in power for 71 years before being voted out in 2000 , was known for being corrupt and authoritarian . Its apparent victory last weekend would mark a triumphant return after 12 years of rule by the right-wing National Action Party , known by the acronym PAN . Opponents of the PRI said they have video and photo evidence of the party buying votes through thousands of cards that could be redeemed for products at a chain of supermarkets . An anti-Peña Nieto youth movement said it received 1,100 complaints of irregularities . And the group Civic Alliance found in a survey it conducted that 30 % of voters reported witnessing at least one type of irregularity . Mexican election regulators said they are investigating the allegations related to the gift cards . Mexico : Recounts for more than half the ballot boxes	An official tally of Mexican votes confirms Enrique Peña Nieto as the presidential winner The results include individual ballot recounts in more than half the districts Accusations of vote-buying by the winning party PRI persist Mexico 's electoral tribunal still must ratify the results
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Jordan 's intelligence department foiled "  a major terrorist plot " that targeted "  shopping centers , residential areas , diplomats and foreign nationals " in Jordan , the country 's state news agency reported Sunday . The U.S. Embassy in Amman appeared to be among the targets , a person familiar with the investigation told CNN Sunday . The terrorists called their plan "  9/11  2  , " suggesting it was set to happen on the seventh anniversary of the last al Qaeda attack in Jordan when suicide bombs exploded in an Amman hotel November 9 , 2005 , the report said . The plot , which was in the preliminary stages , involved "  a group of 11 terrorists associated with the ideology of al Qaeda , " Petra reported . All 11 suspects are Jordanian citizens who moved in and out of Syria , government spokesman Samih al-Maaytah said on state television Sunday . "  The group had intended to take advantage of what they believed was the Intelligence ` preoccupation ' with other files , to carry out their plans , " Petra reported . The plans included "  using explosives , booby-trapped cars as well as submachine guns and mortars , " it said . Suicide bombers were being selected to carry out attacks against two major shopping malls "  in order to draw the attention of the security services away from " the "  main objectives in Abdoun , in West Amman , " the report said . "  Their objective was to create a highly destructive explosive that would cause the highest number of casualties and extensive physical damage , " Petra reported . "  They had planned to bring TNT explosives and mortar shells from Syria , exploiting the ongoing crisis there . "	NEW : The U.S. Embassy in Amman appeared to be among the targets , a source says The plot involved "  11 terrorists associated with the ideology of Al Qaeda , " Petra reports The plan would use "  explosives , booby-trapped cars , submachine guns and mortars , " Petra says The last Al Qaeda attack in Jordan targeted an Amman hotel November 9 , 2005
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The daughter of former Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz says an appeal will probably do nothing to stop her father 's death sentence . "  I do n't think he has any hope of coming out " of prison , said Zainab Aziz . Tariq Aziz , one of the best-known faces of the Iraqi government for more than two decades , was sentenced to death Tuesday by the Iraqi High Tribunal for his role in eliminating religious parties during Saddam Hussein 's regime . His family was shocked by the verdict , the daughter told CNN . The family had no idea he was going to be sentenced Tuesday , Zainab Aziz said from Amman , Jordan . "  Until last week , they were hearing new witnesses in this case , " she said , criticizing both the verdict itself and its timing . "  My father served his country for more than 22 years . He delivered himself to the U.S. Army -LSB- after the fall of Hussein -RSB- because he was n't afraid . He did n't do anything wrong . He served his country , " she said . "  He has been wronged , " Zainab Aziz said . Badi Arif , an attorney who used to represent Aziz , said there is a political motive behind the death sentence . "  Mr. Aziz used to always tell me , ` They 'll find a way to kill me , and there is no way for me to escape this , ' " Arif told CNN . "  But from a legal perspective , this sentence is wrong ; this is illegal and this is unexpected . " In March 2009 , Aziz was sentenced to 15 years in prison in connection with the 1992 executions of 42 merchants . Aziz was deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 , also holding the post of foreign minister for part of that time . Amnesty International urged Iraq not to carry out the sentences on Tuesday , even as it acknowledged the brutality of Hussein 's regime . The Vatican also released a statement on Tuesday . "  The position of the Catholic Church on the death penalty is known . It is truly hoped therefore that the sentencing against Tariq Aziz not be carried out , precisely to favor the reconciliation and reconstruction of the peace and justice in Iraq after the great suffering it has gone through , " spokesman Federico Lombardi said in a statement . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	He did nothing wrong and the trial was unfair , his daughter tells CNN Aziz was Iraq 's deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 The Vatican released statement on Tuesday
CNN  -- If Barack Obama could make three wishes , he would probably ask for the crisis in Syria to go away . That would help him receive another wish : Getting reelected as president of the United States . Unfortunately for Obama , and tragically for the people in Syria , history has brought the American presidential campaign and the Syrian revolution to the same pages of the calendar . That means Obama will do whatever he can , for as long as he can , to keep the carnage in Syria from interfering with his reelection plan . That means the killings in Syria could go on longer than if the uprising had erupted during a nonelection year . Anyone who doubts that electoral considerations have become a major factor in U.S. foreign policy should look to Obama 's own words from a few months ago . Obama did not realize his microphone was on during a meeting in Seoul with then-Russian President Dimitry Medvedev , so he leaned in close and whispered , "  This is my last election . After my election I have more flexibility . " In this instance , Obama was referring to the contentious issue of missile defense . It 's not uncommon for presidents to worry about reelection while charting foreign policy . In Robert Caro 's new biography of President Lyndon B. Johnson , "  The Passage of Power , " he describes how Johnson made decisions about Vietnam with an eye towards the elections . Caro concluded that "  the steps he took had , as their unifying principle , an objective dictated largely by domestic â $ " indeed , personal â $ " political concerns . " With less than five months until November , the last thing Obama needed on his already very full plate is another shockingly cruel , politically complicated conflict in the Middle East , complete with gruesome , heartrending images , a recalcitrant dictator , and prominent voices calling on Washington to do something . Photos : In Syria , families flee and rebels fight You ca n't put history on hold until after Election Day , but you can certainly try . The Obama administration has put other major foreign policy issues on the back burner in order to avoid giving Republicans fodder for criticism , to prevent new risks to the economy , or simply to avoid stepping on a landmine while moving along a dangerous global landscape . A report in Britain 's Sunday Times claims that the White House asked Israel to delay an attack on Iran until after November . Many fear that a war with Iran would send oil prices skyrocketing and hurt Obama 's reelection prospects . Although that scenario could be averted , the risk of armed conflict creates too much uncertainty during a pivotal year . For now , Obama and the West are backing slow-motion talks with Iran along with economic sanctions . They have significantly reduced their demands from a requirement that Iran stop enriching uranium to a call for Tehran to "  curb " enrichment to higher grades . Elsewhere in the Middle East , a top Palestinian leader said the Obama administration told Palestinians to be patient this year , with a promise that a reelected Obama , unbound by the need to win votes , would make a forceful return to his mediation efforts . Even with Afghanistan , Obama has been perceived as putting political goals ahead of strategic decisions . Leslie Gelb , President Emeritus of Council on Global Relations , suggested that the November election is the main reason why Obama has not ordered a faster draw-down of troops . "  But wait till next year , " he wrote . "  The fig leaf of vital interests will no longer be sustainable in the postelection marketplace . " While the Obama administration tries to plug all the holes , or at least slow the leaks until it has more freedom of movement , its timid efforts in Syria are starting to look like an abdication of a fundamental moral duty . The death toll in Syria continues to rise , with more than 13,000 people killed . At this rate , the political cost of doing nothing will outweigh the risk of taking action . There is no obvious , easy answer . And the American people so far seem to have no desire to see American forces step in to stop the horrifying massacres . But Washington could , without sending in American troops , take a stronger leadership role . Pressure is mounting on Obama to launch a more muscular response as Syria unravels and risks creating chaos in other parts of the region . Even Democrats are making a case for American intervention . After all , Syria is Iran 's closest ally . Helping to staunch the bloodshed there could help prevent a war with Iran by weakening Tehran 's hand . The U.S. could also try to fortify the Syrian opposition and work with other Arab countries who want to see Assad removed from power . For too long , the White House placed its faith in a plan negotiated by former U.N. chief Kofi Annan , which was doomed to fail from the very beginning . Washington has blamed Moscow for the diplomatic stalemate and the lack of progress in Syria , but not everyone buys that argument . Obama would like to prevent a major crisis with uncertain political ramifications from standing in the way of his reelection . But the tragedy in Syria is not waiting until November . Sure , everyone would like to see all the tough geopolitical problems solved by diplomacy , with a handshake and a smile , without massacres of civilians and lies from dictators . But the world does not work that way . Sometimes history has lousy timing . And presidents do n't get to make three wishes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Obama tries to keep the crisis in Syria from interfering with reelection Ghitis : Carnage in Syria could go on longer than in a nonelection year She says electoral considerations are often a major factor in U.S. foreign policy Ghitis : Tragedy in Syria is n't waiting till November ; Obama should take action now
CNN  -- Next year 's college applicants have some difficult choices to make . Is it better to go to state school or private ? Stay close to home or ship out to Abu Dhabi ? Western students receiving their education in the UAE is not as far-fetched as it might sound as some of the world 's most respected collegiate brands have set up outposts in the Gulf region . Dubai hosts 52 universities while Qatar has set up Education City , a sector that houses a number of U.S. colleges including Carnegie Mellon , Cornell , Georgetown , and Northwestern . Next year , the first students admitted to New York University  NYU  Abu Dhabi will graduate ; a benchmark almost as significant as the scheduled completion of the university 's new Saadiyat Island campus . "  There are lots of exciting signs that the region is heating up and getting more dynamic in terms of higher education , " says Phil Baty , the editor-at-large of Times Higher Education . "  There 's recognition  in the Gulf  that they need to prepare for the post-oil world , and they realize that a knowledge-based economy ensures growth in the future . " Several local universities have stepped up their game , too , building state-of-the-art research facilities to attract students from abroad . Even Saudi Arabia is getting in on the act . This year witnessed the completion of Princess Nora bint Abdulrahman University  PNU  in Riyadh -- a 2,000 acre site and the largest all-female university in the world . In several instances , investment in education in the region has paid off . One of the most prominent collegiate success stories is NYU Abu Dhabi , which started accepting students to its UAE hub four years ago . Read more : Seven-star satire in Dubai Despite initial fears from critics that the new campus could potentially water down both the brand and the quality of its degree , the Abu Dhabi facility is one of the most selective schools in the world , admitting 150 out of 9,000 applicants per class . Prospective students often have to decide between NYU Abu Dhabi and top tier universities like Oxford and Yale . In recent years , the school has been dubbed "  the world 's honors college " . NYU president John Sexton -- the brainchild behind the project -- has lofty goals . "  Our mandate is to create in NYU Abu Dhabi a school that educates the leaders of global civil society , from every sector of the world , and in every sector of society , " he says . Though the Emirates outpost has , according to Sexton , "  done a great deal to help NYU elevate its game , " other universities in the area have met with more mixed results . A cheating scandal at the Dubai campus of Edinburgh 's Heriot-Watts University earlier this year underscored the concerns that universities with operations overseas are not able to maintain their standards . Other institutions , such as the University of Waterloo in Dubai , had to close because of a lack of enrollment , while Michigan State University curtailed it undergraduate program and now only offers six Masters degrees . "  There have been some examples of market failure , of universities embarrassing themselves and getting it wrong , rather than planting their flag abroad , " says Baty . "  The issue is , how much are they invested ? Are they just about pushing the global brand abroad , or are they genuinely on the ground , creating an infrastructure that will last ? " Even with the success stories , the moral implications of doing business in states with limited freedom of speech and mixed human rights records has left some critics feeling uncomfortable . Infographic : Press freedom in the Middle East Earlier this year , LSE pulled out of a conference in the UAE  and subsequently witnessed one of its scholars barred entry  after the authorities restricted the inclusion of sensitive topics . Back in Manhattan , some of NYU 's faculty members have also expressed concern about the UAE 's stance towards gays  illegal  and Israelis  unrecognized  . Sexton , however , is unperturbed . "  My experience of the Emirates is that it 's a very open society . Now , it 's not Greenwich Village but as you move through the world you have to adapt to local customs . My daughter does n't dress the same way in Istanbul as she does in New York ; when I 'm in the UK , I 'm not as free to criticize public officials as I am in the U.S. . You just have to be aware of rules and regulations , " he says . Leah Reynolds , a senior at NYU Abu Dhabi , agrees with Sexton . Her experience , she notes , is about getting exposure to a wide cross section of cultures , not about imposing her own . "  In my classes , every country we refer to has a case study right there ; chances are , someone in the classroom that will have had that experience , no matter what it is , " she says .	Numerous western universities have outposts in Middle East Gulf states UAE and Qatar have an eye on transitioning to a knowledge-based economy Some worry education provided by colleges will be curtailed by restrictions on freedom of speech
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Obama administration told a federal court late Friday it will maintain the Bush administration 's position that battlefield detainees held without charges by the United States in Afghanistan are not entitled to constitutional rights to challenge their detention . Former detainees pray near Kaubul in 2005 following their release from U.S. custody at Bagram Air Base . "  Having considered the matter , the government adheres to its previously articulated position , " said a Justice Department document filed in federal court in Washington . In a controversial 5-4 vote , the Supreme Court last year ruled that detainees held at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay had a right under the constitution to challenge their continued detention . However , the court did not say whether it applied to prisoners in other locations abroad , including Afghanistan . Five prisoners held at Bagram Air Base , backed by human rights groups , have gone to court to claim the same rights as the men detained in Guantanamo Bay . The new administration , which was given a month by a federal judge to declare whether the government wants to change its position , has now indicated it will continue to argue that it is against its security interests to release enemy combatants in a war zone . Barbara Olshansky , lead counsel for three of the detainee petitioners , said that the administration 's decision was "  deeply disappointing . " "  We are trying to remain hopeful that the message being conveyed is that the new administration is still working on its position regarding the applicability of the laws of war -- the Geneva Conventions -- and international human rights treaties that apply to everyone in detention there , " she said . The air base at Bagram , located north of the city of Kabul , houses between 600 and 650 detainees . Most were picked up for suspected ties to terrorism .	Justice Department : U.S. "  adheres to its previously articulated position " Lead counsel for detainees in Afghanistan calls decision "  deeply disappointing " New administration was given a month to review detainee rights in theater of war
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal has sent shockwaves throughout the tennis world after withdrawing from the Australian Open . The 11-times grand slam champion , who reached the final in Melbourne last year , had been expected to make his comeback from injury next month . Nadal 's withdrawal means he will slip out of the top four for the first time in over seven years . After pulling out of an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi this week with a stomach infection , Nadal was still expected to compete at the ATP event in Doha before making his way to Australia . The 26-year-old , who has not played since his shock second round defeat by world number 100 Lukas Rosol at Wimbledon , had hoped to make a return to action following a six-month absence with a knee injury . Nadal suffers comeback blow But a virus has forced Nadal to pull out of both Doha and the Australian Open following discussions with doctors . He said : "  My knee is much better and the rehabilitation process has gone well as predicted by the doctors , but this virus did n't allow me to practice this past week and therefore I am sorry to announce that I will not play in Doha and the Australian Open , as we had initially scheduled . "  As my team and doctors say , the safest thing to do is to do things well and this virus has delayed my plans of playing these weeks . "  I will have to wait until the Acapulco tournament to compete again , although I could consider to play before at any other ATP event . "  I always said that my return to competition will be when I am in the right conditions to play and after all this time away from the courts I 'd rather not accelerate the comeback and prefer to do things well . " Nadal has endured an injury-ravaged year , missing out on defending his Olympic title at London 2012 as well as sitting out the U.S. Open and Spain 's Davis Cup final defeat in November . Coach and uncle Toni Nadal believes his nephew was left with little choice but to cancel his plans to compete in Melbourne after contracting the virus . Nadal to make long-awaited tennis return He said : "  We consider not appropriate to play the Australian Open since we will not have enough preparation for a greater competition which is a Grand Slam tournament . "  It is simply not conceivable that his first event is a best of five sets event , he would n't be ready for that . "  It is true we have been quite unlucky with this but there is nothing we can do . "  After all this time it is better to do things well and the most professional thing to do is to start when we are ready . " While the Nadal camp is understandably saddened by the news , it will also leave his fellow professionals disappointed . World number one , Novak Djokovic , who beat Nadal in Melbourne last year , was looking forward to facing his old adversary once again . "  I was eager to see him play , " said Djokovic . "  He has been off the tour for the past seven months and I am sure that all tennis fans and all sports fans want to see him back on the court , healthy and fit . "  I wish him , as a colleague , a fast recovery . "  It 's unfortunate and I 'm sure he feels the biggest need to play tennis out of everybody and hopefully he can bit for the Australian Open which is the most important experience . " Djokovic wins ATP World Tour Finals title Meanwhile , Djokovic started his own season in style with a 6-0 6-3 win over Ferrer . The Serbia star , who won the tournament last year , cruised through the first set before Ferrer began to offer resistance in the second . Ferrer , ranked five in the world , led 3-1 in the second before Djokovic roared back to take the set . "  I love this court and the conditions here . I wish all the tournaments in the world were played here , " Djokovic told ESPN . "  It 's definitely a great surface . It 's not too warm here , not too cold , it 's ideal to prepare on . "  I am surprised with my game considering it 's the first match of the official season . Hopefully I can play another good one tomorrow . " Djokovic will meet Nicolas Almagro in the final after the Spaniard came from a set down to defeat Janko Tipsarevic 2-6 , 7-6 , 6-2 .	Rafael Nadal has withdrawn from the Australian Open The 11-time grand slam winner had hoped to make his return from injury in Melbourne Nadal has been laid low with a stomach virus following six months out with a knee problem Novak Djokovic opened season with semifinal win over David Ferrer in Abu Dhabi
Doctors ordered Miley Cyrus to stay in a Kansas City hospital a second day after she suffered "  a severe allergic reaction to antibiotics , " the singer tweeted Wednesday . "  Im so sorry but somethings are outta my control , " Cyrus said in a tweet apparently sent from her hospital bed Wednesday . Cyrus , 21 , told fans she would have to cancel her "  Bangerz " tour concert at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis set for Wednesday night . "  I ca n't get a hold of my team because it is so early so I want to be the one to tell my fans especially the ones trekking to get there  tbc  " one tweet said . Cyrus also tweeted what appeared to be a reaction to reports that her hospitalization was related to something other than her recent bout with the flu . "  humans can b so selfish . if any1 thinks id rather b layin n a hospital bed than doing what i love on stage theyre f -- kin LAME . Miserable " Her Tuesday night concert at the Sprint Center in Kansas City , Missouri , was canceled when she was hospitalized that afternoon , according to a statement from the arena . "  Cyrus has been hospitalized for a severe allergic reaction to antibiotics and has been placed on medical rest by her doctors , " the statement said . "  She will not be able to perform as scheduled . " The singer was not too ill to tweet from her Kansas City hospital bed , though . "  Kansas I promise Im as  heartbroken  as you are . I wanted so badly 2 b there 2night . Not being with yall makes me feel s -- ttier than I already do , " she wrote in a Twitter message to fans Tuesday afternoon . "  Mr. Octopussy & some amazing Drs are taking good care of me , " Cyrus wrote in tweet that included a photo of her in a hospital bed wearing a gown . She was holding a green octopus toy in front of her face . Cyrus fell ill with the flu earlier this month , causing the cancellation of a concert in Charlotte , North Carolina . Miley : Post-Disney , post-Liam and stronger than ever Miley 's miserable day Is Miley the new Madonna ?	Cyrus tweets : "  Im so sorry but somethings are outta my control " Anyone who doubts her illness is "  LAME , " Cyrus tweets The singer is "  placed on medical rest by her doctors , " a statement says Cyrus fell ill with the flu earlier this month
There 's something addictive about that moment when you hand someone a homemade treat and that person 's face lights up as if you 've just given him or her a hug . It turns baking into therapy , food into an olive branch and those you share it with into a family . I 've experienced that joy for many years , by virtue of being the delivery girl every winter . I may have switched from wearing hair bows and Christmas dresses to newsboy caps and tall boots , but that feeling stays the same , and I always come bearing gifts . Ever since I can remember , December is when my mother takes to the kitchen like a magician and begins to turn out hand-crafted happiness . The aroma of sweet cakes baking in the oven or candy bubbling hot in a pot on the stove greets me at the end of each day . The sugary sensation alone is enough to make you swoon , especially on a bitterly cold day . Take one bite of pound cake , English toffee , pralines , baklava or sugared pecans and you know that this did n't come from the store . Yet again , my mom has a way of making you feel as though she has baked all of the love in her heart into each treat . When you taste it , you know she made it with you in mind . Opening a wax paper-lined decorative tin and popping a piece of chocolate - and pecan-coated crunchy toffee into your mouth is bliss . I know this for myself , but I 've heard it from others . Over the years , the gifts have gone out to countless friends , family members , teachers , co-workers , customers and colleagues . My dad and I are the proud delivery folks for my mother 's creations , soaking up the good karma vibes wherever our dispensing takes us . Every reaction just makes my day , and I collect the compliments to take home and share with my mom . It 's witnessing the excited expressions on my friends ' faces as they recognize the telltale shopping bags bulging with tins . Other times , it 's handing out that extra tin I always carry "  just in case " when I see someone , perhaps an acquaintance , who seems down or unhappy , and watching that person 's face transform into a beaming smile . One year on "  delivery day , " an ice storm hit our North Georgia town and knocked out the power at my high school . Mr. Friedman , my English teacher  and oracle  , was without a lunch , but he feasted on the treats all day . Although he had a little bit of a sugar buzz , I 'll never forget the utter contentment on his face as he sat munching toffee and pound cake in between and during classes , a Bob Dylan-esque cap sitting jauntily on his head . It is , somehow , a perfect memory . My mother has been making people feel this way for at least 25 years . And luckily , she has taught me the same recipes , so I can spread a similar joy . The woman has mastered pralines and sugared pecans , finicky candies that can so easily set up like cement without an intrepid hand to control the process . And a few years ago , she decided to take on a new challenge : English toffee . Now when I say challenge , I mean this in relation to a woman who is fearless in the kitchen . At 6 years old , she was standing on a kitchen chair over the stove and trying to make candy with half of the things she needed . If she had three of the required ingredients , she was "  going for it . " No amount of failure deterred her , and to this day , I 've never seen anyone so tenacious . These days , my mom churns out batches of her own recipe for English toffee without a second thought . So when I tell you not to fear making toffee , or any candy , it comes with the reassurance and tips provided by "  the magician . " Do n't let the list of instructions intimidate you -- it 's to be sure you 've got all you need to know ! Make it one time and you 'll feel like a pro , and an excellent gift-giver . Screw your courage to the sticking place and take up the challenge to defy expectations of sub-par gifts or gift cards with delightful homemade treats . English Toffee Makes almost 3 1/2 pounds Ingredients : 1/2 cup water 2 teaspoons of butter , melted , to brush foil 2 cups sugar 2 tablespoons light corn syrup  this makes the texture less like peanut brittle 1 teaspoon salt  if using unsalted butter 3 cups chopped pecans 12 ounces milk chocolate chips 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips 1 pound of unsalted butter , or 1 pound of lightly salted butter if opting out of the salt Tools to make it easier on yourself : Candy thermometer Double boiler Heavy-bottomed medium saucepan Two 1/4 - inch , 15 " x 20 " plywood boards Pizza cutter Wide heavy-duty aluminum foil Instructions : 1 . Tear off 23 " in length of 18 " - wide , heavy-duty aluminum foil and brush the matte , non-shiny side with melted butter . Fold 2 1/2 " on each side , forming a makeshift pan . This should leave you with a 13 " x 18 " surface on which to pour the hot toffee . This fits perfectly on the plywood with some room around the edges . This will function as your "  pan " for the toffee . An actual pan keeps in the heat , which does n't allow the toffee to set up as quickly . The board will also keep the hot candy from scorching your work surface . 2 . Stir together the 1/2 cup water and corn syrup . 3 . Pour this mixture into a medium heavy-bottomed saucepan . Add sugar and butter and clip your candy thermometer to the side of the pan before it gets hot . Turn on the heat to medium high , stirring constantly . 4 . While this is cooking -- it should take a while to reach 310 degrees Fahrenheit -- put 1/2 " of water in the bottom component of the double boiler and turn it on low . Pour your chocolate chips into the top component and melt chocolate . Once the chocolate is melted , turn it off and it 's ready to spread on the toffee . 5 . Chop pecans and have them ready to sprinkle on the finished toffee . 6 . The candy is going to start bubbling and thickening , and eventually turn a caramel color , until it reaches 310 degrees  the "  hard crack stage " in candy making  . 7 . When it reaches that temperature , remove from heat immediately . 8 . Carefully pour candy onto foil evenly . If need be , you can grip the plywood base to tilt it in the right direction if it does n't spread . 9 . If you use these exact measurements , wait 4-5 minutes before cutting the toffee . If you use a smaller space , you will need more time for the candy to cool . 10 . Using a pizza cutter  blunt is best ; sharp will go through the foil , but if all you have is a sharp pizza cutter , use a light hand  , run through the toffee length and width to create 1 1/2 - inch squares .  If your pizza cutter does n't leave an impression , it 's still too warm and you might want to wait another minute before trying again  . This will help the toffee to break later , rather than forming definite squares . 11 . After cutting , lift the top part of double boiler off and dry the bottom of it so it does n't drip onto the candy . Take a spatula and spread a thin layer of chocolate over the top of the toffee . You can use just enough to cover the surface , but thickness is up to personal preference . 12 . Liberally sprinkle the chopped pecans on top of the melted chocolate . 13 . Place an unbuttered sheet of foil on top of the toffee and tuck foil around edges . Place your second board of plywood on top and flip it over . 14 . After flipping , remove the top board and let sit for 1-2 minutes before you remove foil . If you peel the foil and it starts to stick , wait another minute and it should come off . 15 . Once you peel off the foil , repeat the chocolate and nut process . 16 . Cover this with another piece of foil and the second plywood board , and flip it over again . 17 . Remove the top piece of foil and , retaining the bottom piece of foil , slide it off of the board and onto a wire cooling rack . 18 . Sit the wire rack in the coolest room of your house . The toffee needs to cool for at least a few hours . 19 . After it is cool , break the toffee into pieces . It usually breaks where the pizza cutter went through . If it is n't breaking into even pieces , it does n't matter . 20 . Store the toffee in wax paper-lined tins at room temperature and it will keep for weeks .	Homemade treats are easy to make and sure to please Put English toffee in decorative tins or plastic bags for a sweet gift Candy-making may seem difficult , but these instructions will turn you into a pro
CNN  -- With less than two weeks before the scheduled last day of the Florida legislative session , demonstrators against the state 's proposed immigration bills are putting on a full court press . On Monday an estimated 600 people , mostly Hispanic students , farm workers , immigrant families and advocates , boarded buses from Clearwater to the capitol building in Tallahassee where they began a week of scheduled demonstrations against SB 2040 and HB 7089 . The bills come as Arizona 's immigration law is stuck in a federal appeals court . If passed , Florida 's bills would turn "  all local law enforcement into immigration agents , " the League of United Latin American Citizens said in a written statement . "  With these powers , local police can ask anyone for papers regardless of their status . Just like Sheriff Joe Arpaio does in Arizona , " the statement said . "  This bill also mandates ` e-verify ' for all businesses under the threat of license revocation . " Republican Sen. Anitere Flores proposed one of the bills . "  Senate Bill 2040 in its current form simply seeks to ensure that in a time of such great unemployment , employers are verifying that any new employees hired have proper documentation to work , " Flores said in an email to CNN . "  Senate Bill 2040 does not deputize police officers , nor does it criminalize immigrants . " She is against an Arizona-style immigration bill , she said . Gov. Rick Scott has indicated that he is in favor of moving along with immigration reform soon , but he has come short of endorsing the proposed bills . HB 7089 would give law enforcement the ability to check the documented status of people under criminal investigation if there is "  reasonable suspicion . " It would also make being undocumented a state crime . The scheduled last day for the Florida legislative session is May 6 .	Demonstrators are mostly students , farm workers , immigrant families and advocates Bills would force employers to verify proper documentation , senator says The bills come as Arizona 's immigration law is stuck in a federal appeals court
CNN  -- While half of civilization busied itself trying to find out the name , weight , gender , hair color , taste in music and political disposition of the new heir to the British throne , it turns out there was a whole world of other news happening out there . Here are five other stories you may have missed today : 1 . Dubai pardons woman jailed after reporting rape A 24-year-old Norwegian woman says she was raped by a colleague in a Dubai hotel following a work party -- but after she went to police , she was convicted and sentenced to 16 months in jail on charges of having unlawful sex , making a false statement and illegal consumption of alcohol . Now Dubai 's ruler has pardoned Marte Deborah Dalelv according to Norway 's foreign minister , who called Dalelv 's conviction "  contrary to fundamental human rights . " Dalelv will be free to travel where she wants and can remain in Dubai if she chooses . 2 . Dozens dead as earthquake hits northwest China A shallow , powerful 5.9-magnitude earthquake tore through China 's Gansu Province , killing at least 89 people and injuring hundreds more , according to state media . The original quake and powerful aftershocks caused roofs to collapse , cut telecommunications lines and damaged a major highway . Emergency services have converged on the area to try to rescue survivors . 3 . Hezbollah 's military wing is a terrorist group , says EU The European Union has joined the U.S. and Israel in designating the military wing of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization , but stopped short of putting the entire group on its terror list . The Bulgarians cited evidence that the military wing of the Iranian-backed Lebanese Shiite group was involved in a terror attack last year that killed five Israeli tourists and a Bulgarian bus driver . In Cyprus earlier this year , a court found a Hezbollah member guilty of assisting in the planning of an attack on Israel . Lately , its fighters have sided with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in that country 's civil war . The designation , which a spokeswoman for Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni called "  correct and just , " would freeze the assets of Hezbollah entities . 4 . Man who bombed Beijing airport wanted to flag ` unjust treatment ' The wheelchair-bound Ji Zhongxing , 34 , set off a homemade explosive inside a Beijing airport on Saturday after he was stopped from handing out leaflets "  to get attention to his complaints " outside the arrival hall , according to Xinhua news agency . Ji said on his personal blog in 2006 that he had been beaten by security guards outside a police station in 2005 after carrying a passenger on his motorcycle -- a charge the police denied . He was paralyzed after the incident and petitioned for official compensation . Ji was hospitalized after he detonated his explosives . No other people were injured and flights at the airport were not affected . 5 . CNN Exclusive : Glee star Charice on why she 'll miss Cory Monteith In an exclusive opinion piece for CNN.com , "  Glee " star Charice writes that her body went cold when she learned co-star Cory Monteith had been found dead from a drug overdose in his hotel room in Vancouver . Charice says Monteith , who had been frank about his struggles with substance abuse in the past , was a "  real talent " -- and that she has no idea what will happen to the hit American musical now that the actor is gone .	Dubai pardons Norwegian woman who was jailed after reporting being raped 5.9-magnitude earthquake leaves dozens dead in northwest China Hezbollah 's military wing designated a terrorist group by EU
CNN  -- Andy Weir had given up on writing as a career at the age of 26 after agents spurned his novel about a jewel heist involving aliens "  on the Planet Sephalon . " After burning through severance checks from his layoff by AOL , he went back to work as a programmer in Silicon Valley . Ten years later , in 2009 , Weir decided to try writing again , but just as a hobby . Keeping his day job at a mobile phone software company , he started posting a new book on a personal website , chapter by chapter as he wrote it . This time , there were no aliens and no imaginary planet . Instead he crafted a story , set a few decades in the future , about an astronaut who mistakenly gets left for dead on Mars when the other members of his crew are forced to make a quick escape from the effects of a devastating sandstorm . This book found an audience . People starting following the story and it attracted scientists , including some who e-mailed Weir and offered suggestions to make the book 's excursions into physics , chemistry and biology true to science . Today Weir 's "  The Martian " is on the New York Times hardcover fiction bestseller list and has been optioned by 20th Century Fox for a potential movie , raising the question : How does a space nerd with no track record as a writer craft a compelling work of science fiction ? The book 's hero , a cheeky astronaut named Mark Watney , possesses a self-reliance that enables him to jerry-rig NASA equipment in a suspenseful battle to eke out enough air , food and water to survive alone on Mars . In an interview with CNN , Weir said that his lead character is "  smarter and braver than I am . The core personality that most people noticed -- that he 's a massive smart ass -- that 's basically my personality . " Watney finds ways to heal the injury that led his fellow astronauts to abandon him , thinking he was dead ; to grow food in the "  hab " module that is his home on Mars , to turn hydrogen and oxygen into water , to restore communication with NASA , and to drive his rover on the inhospitable Martian landscape far further than it was designed to go . And yet critical life-support components keep failing , mishaps keep setting him back , and he keeps concluding that he 's certainly about to die . There 's more than enough science and technology for the technically literate , and although he 's never worked at NASA , Weir has gotten compliments for the accuracy of his portrait of an enormous bureaucracy 's infighting as it struggles to save a man tens of millions of miles away . In the story , Watney 's lonely struggle captures the attention of billions on Earth , even spawning a daily half-hour cable news program : "  CNN 's Mark Watney Report . " The book builds up the kind of narrative tension captured in the Oscar best-picture contender "  Gravity , " which Weir liked , even though it may have stretched the science .  "  It does n't have to be perfectly physically accurate to be entertaining . Nobody calls out the physics problems in ` Star Wars . ' " Yet accuracy is one of the things that gets cited in praise for Weir 's book . Astronaut Chris Hadfield , former commander of the International Space Station , has said the book "  has the very rare combination of a good , original story , interestingly real characters , and fascinating technical accuracy , " according to Crown , the book 's publisher . Now 41 , Weir is the son of a particle physicist -- his father double-checked much of the science in "  The Martian " -- and an engineer . He got hooked on Asimov , Clarke , Heinlein and other classic science fiction writers by plucking their paperbacks from his father 's shelf . Predictably , Weir is fascinated by manned spaceflight and intrigued by the idea of a manned mission to Mars . But he 's no fan of Mars One , the nonprofit that has gotten 200,000 people to express interest in being selected for a one-way trip to Mars , to take place in 2025 . Weir thinks the budget envisioned for the project is far too small and , "  it would be basically a death sentence for the people who are going . " He thinks a government-funded mission to Mars is far more likely but not for a long time . The after-effects suffered by astronauts on the International Space Station show the dangers of long-term space flight , he says . "  There are a lot of pieces of the puzzle that we need to invent " to make for safe travel to Mars . Near term , he looks forward to a Chinese manned mission to the moon . As for NASA , Weir says he 's "  disappointed by the state of our manned spaceflight program , " especially the lack of a vehicle to replace the space shuttle . Would Weir want to fly on a space mission ? "  I am not a brave man ... I do not have the right stuff . Astronauts are really a cut above . " As a computer programmer , the closest Weir got to fame was as a member of the team that worked on the hit game "  WarCraft2 . " At his current job in Mountain View , California , Weir 's bosses know the score , he says . "  I 'm working on a pitch for my next novel right now , and if I get an advance , I 'm going to quit and be a full time writer , which is the culmination of my dream coming true . I think I have to go sit in a coffee shop when I do that . And wear a neckerchief . "	Andy Weir finds it hard to break into science fiction , and works as a programmer instead He posted his book a chapter at a time ; it finds audience , including scientists "  The Martian , " now a bestseller and optioned for a film , tells of an astronaut stranded on Mars Weir 's book has gotten praise for technical accuracy and portrait of NASA bureaucracy
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Tanks , troops and police pushed through the streets of two shantytowns in northern Rio de Janeiro Sunday in a move to retake control of some of the city 's most crime-ridden areas . In the predawn operation , state authorities targeted the slums , or favelas , of Jacarezinho and Manguinhos with more than 2,000 military troops and police . They have a larger long-term goal : securing 40 slums before the World Cup in 2014 , and keeping them safe for the Olympics two years later . Police said they seized automatic weapons , guns and grenades and arrested dozens of people in a series of slum raids over the weekend . There were no reports of deaths or injuries Sunday . On Saturday , police said five suspected drug dealers were killed during a slum raid . Police have already taken over about 30 favelas since they began operations in 2008 , but it 's an uphill battle . About one-fifth of Rio 's residents live in the city 's 1,000 shantytowns , many of them perched on steep hills overlooking beachside condominiums . Jacarezinho and Manguinhos are smaller favelas , far from tourist hotspots , but they became centers for organized crime and drug dealing after other slums were taken over by police . Sunday 's operation there stands in stark contrast to the invasion of the Alemao favela in 2010 , when more than 30 people were killed in shootouts . Police now announce days in advance when they 're going to go into a community , to avoid major violence . But critics say it simply gives criminals a chance to escape to another slum , or the suburbs . Authorities said they planned to set up a "  police pacification unit " in Manguinhos by December , and in Jacarezinho by January . Three years ago , they took a similar approach in the notorious Cidade de Deus , or City of God , slum where military police backed by the army seized control from drug traffickers . "  They were abandoned for 40 , 50 years , " said Maj. Bruno Xavier of the police pacification unit there . "  You ca n't recover that in three years . " But now , Xavier told CNN last month , they plan to prove to the slum 's 40,000 residents that they 're here to stay .	Two slums are targeted in an operation aimed at cleaning up crime before the World Cup More than 2,000 police and troops push through the streets of two shantytowns There are no reports of deaths of injuries
OPRAH.com  -- Slouching over coffee in a booth at a New York diner , Jerry Seinfeld looks so ... Seinfeldian , you might think he was shooting a scene from the old sitcom . But this is a different Jerry : a husband and father of three , who , at 55 , finds himself comfortably bemused by the strange intricacies of marriage . It 's his current obsession and the subject of the new show he 's coproducing , "  The Marriage Ref " -- a stand-up/reality-TV hybrid that features clips of real couples in real tussles , plus a panel of celebrity "  experts " and a referee  comedian Tom Papa  who ultimately declares the husband or wife in each standoff the winner . If you 've seen the show , you already know that the niggling mundanity of other people 's lives provides its share of laughs , yet Seinfeld is expecting even more . "  I hope it 's not grandiose to say , but maybe it 'll save a marriage here and there , " he explains . "  I got ta believe that somewhere , someone out there is going to go , ` I 'm not the only one ! ' " Lucy Kaylin : This is a pretty big topic you 're taking on . Jerry Seinfeld : I feel like Jacques Cousteau , frankly . I feel like the first person to explore the ocean . And we 're just gon na go out and search and -- LK : Spelunk . JS : Spelunking is for caves . I 'm talking about oceanography . Caves are small ; the ocean is vast . In the comedy business , you deal with scarcity all the time . You never have enough funny things . But in this show , it 's the exact opposite . You talk about , What 's a great sitcom ? What 's a great romantic comedy premise ? Well , here it is : Here 's a man and here 's a woman , and they have decided to shackle themselves together . Let 's see how that works out . Oprah.com : The definitions Jerry thinks every couple needs LK : Tell me about the spat between you and your wife , Jessica , that prompted the idea for The Marriage Ref . JS : A friend of hers was over . I do n't even know what it was about , but we got into something . And the friend started to get uncomfortable and said , "  Maybe I should go . " And I hit upon the idea of , "  No , you have to stay . You have to solve this for me . " And we each pleaded our case . LK : Who won ? JS : Well , it was n't me . But the simplicity of it was exciting . LK : Do you think there should be ground rules for marital fights ? Oprah.com : The fight that can save your marriage JS : The best piece of advice I received before I got married was , "  Be careful what you say when you 're in a fight , because it could stick in someone 's head . " I do n't think I 've ever said anything I really regretted . I 'm very sympathetic to women . I 've really studied wife-ology , and I know you 've got to figure out the feelings . Deal with the feelings . LK : So what 's your fighting style ? JS : I can get very lawyerly when my wife and I get into a thing . I get very logical and I try and channel my emotion through that . LK : Well , that 's one approach . JS : If you 're a man , you have to figure out what she needs to hear . So ask her : "  What do you need to hear me say ? " And then just say it . That 's a very good way out of an argument . But then you have to act -- you have to say it like you mean it . Even our kids have this thing where , if you say , "  I 'm sorry , " they go , "  No , say a nice sorry . If it 's not a nice sorry , it does n't count . " LK : Any other ground rules ? JS : I 'm very big on staying in the room . In fact , I said this to my wife the other day : "  I understand that you 're so upset that you just want to walk away . But , you know , I do n't care that it 's hard . " You stay in the room until you feel better . Then you can leave . LK : How about the classic , "  Do n't go to bed angry " ? JS : I remember agreeing to that on the night of our wedding . I do n't think we 've kept it once . Oprah.com : What 's wrong with being angry ? LK : So monogamy -- is it natural ? Something we ought to aspire to ? JS : My personal viewpoint is this : The problem with humans is our heads are just way too big . And one of the greatest appeals of monogamy is the simplification of the mental process . I do n't have any friends who are n't faithful to their wives , but if I did , my main question would be , "  Who 's got time to figure all that out ? " It 's just too much work . The emotions that have to be disposed of , the values , the ethics ... . All I see is this gigantic amount of work for a fleeting pleasure . People should get married because they have finally seen the folly of being single : "  Oh , this is all just kind of a bad magic trick . I just keep bending over to reach for this wallet on a string . How much longer am I gon na do that ? " LK : What 's one of the things you most like about being married ? JS : I love being made fun of , if it 's done well . I love being brought down to size . LK : And your wife is good at that ? JS : Yes . Yes . Yes , she is . I feel like humor is the answer to everything . For example , let 's look at David Letterman and Tiger Woods . Now , there are some differences to the two situations . The biggest difference is , what can a guy who has humor do that a guy who does not have humor can not do ? You 're looking at a guy who knows how to make fun of himself , and a guy who has n't the first clue how to make fun of himself -- and the resulting difficulty . If you have a little bit of humor in the shaker and you can sprinkle that on , that 's your answer . LK : So ultimately , is marriage worth it ? Or is it the most foolhardy thing we could do ? JS : No more foolhardy than "  I think I 'll take human form for 75 years and try to negotiate the planet I see below me . " There 's a tremendous power and energy in sharing your life with another person . I 'm married ten years next week , and it 's as big a joy for me now as it was when we first started dating . I love these two puzzle pieces that do n't quite fit , you know ? Somehow you make them fit . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Jerry Seinfeld : I do n't have any friends who are n't faithful to their wives In arguments men should figure out what she needs to hear and then say it Best advice he 's gotten : Careful what you say in a fight Likes most about marriage ? "  I love being brought down to size "
CNN  -- Twelve photographers from four continents have been shortlisted for the fourth Prix Pictet award in photography and sustainability . This year 's theme of "  Power , " has "  enormous breadth , embracing contradiction and paradox in equal measure that has uncovered images and issues that are both awe-inspiring and disturbing , " organizers say . The aim of the award is to use the power of photography to raise public awareness of the social and environmental challenges of the new millennium . The winner will be announced by Kofi Annan , the awards ' honorary president , in October at the opening of the finalists ' exhibition of the shortlisted works at the Saatchi Gallery in London . The exhibition runs from the 10th to the 28th of October 2012 .	Annual Prix Pictet photography prize announces shortlist Competition designed to raise awareness of social and environmental challenges Twelve photographers nominated ; Winner will be announced by Kofi Annan in October
CNN Student News  -- May 12 , 2014 After a near miss involving a remote-controlled plane and a passenger plane , the FAA is warning Americans about the dangers of drones . We 'll have a report on that today , and we 'll take you to India for a look at how young people could shape the political future of the world 's largest democracy . We 'll also show you how a store-bought bouquet of flowers likely traveled over land and sea . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Check here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might it be important for news media to cover both the upsides and downsides of a new technology , like drones ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . drone 2 . federal republic 3 . globalization Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What are drones ? What happened recently involving a drone and a passenger plane near Tallahassee , Florida ? What did the Federal Aviation Administration and U.S. Airways say about this incident ? How many drones does the FAA estimate there will be in U.S. skies in the years ahead ? How is it responding to this growth ? 2 . What type of government does India have ? What is the median age of people in India ? What are some issues that are important to India 's young voters ? According to the report , how is the country 's government addressing some of these concerns ? How are young people and politicians utilizing technology to shape India 's political future ? 3 . Who was the first overall pick in this year 's NFL draft ? How did he respond to the news ? What happened after the Cleveland Browns selected Johnny Manziel ? What is historic about the St. Louis Rams ' selection of Michael Sam ? How might Sam 's performance at the NFL combine have factored in to the draft ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How many uses can you think of for drones ? What might be the upsides and downsides to these uses ? Do you think civilian drone use should be restricted ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? What do you think can be done to ensure safety for airplane operators as drone use increases ? 2 . How might the issues that concern young voters differ from those that concern older voters ? What factors might influence voter turnout for each of these groups ? What kinds of political messages have you noticed ? What might be the pros and cons of using social media , TV , outdoor signs or websites for political ads ? What forms of media do you think are the most effective ? Why ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Over five years after Lucy Preciado was stabbed to death with a sword in front of her four children , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department has their primary suspect , Preciado 's former boyfriend , in custody . Jesus Humberto Canales , an El Salvadoran national who goes by the nickname "  Chuey , " is in the Los Angeles County Jail following his arrest in Mexico on Thursday , said Jeff Leslie , a sheriff 's department homicide detective . Preciado , 26 , was stabbed with a sword in her Lancaster , California , home on July 12 , 2008 . All of her children witnessed the stabbing . Her daughter , who was 9 years old at the time , called 911 . In the days immediately following Preciado 's killing , Canales fled to Pomona , California , before going to Las Cruces , New Mexico , Leslie said . He said the investigation led him to Las Cruces , where he missed Canales by a mere four hours ; Canales had crossed the border into Mexico . In the years since , the case was featured at least twice on the television show "  America 's Most Wanted , " which led to hundreds of tips , Leslie said . Leslie said he and his partner , Detective Sgt. Kevin Lloyd , got a lead that seemed promising and were able to work with Mexican authorities , and also the U.S. Marshals Service , to locate Canales . Marshals arrested Canales Thursday in a small town outside of Jalisco , Mexico , Leslie said . He added that Canales had been living there with a woman and her four children since four days after Lucy Preciado was killed . Mexican authorities expelled Canales from that country and he was flown back to the United States , where LASD partners Leslie and Lloyd took custody of Canales at Los Angeles International Airport . "  After 5Â 1/2 years it was a really satisfying feeling to put him into the back of a Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department radio car , " Leslie said . Canales was arrested on the warrant , issued six days after the killing , and is being held on one felony charge of murder and four felony charges of child endangerment . Bail for Canales has been set at $ 1.4 million . He is scheduled to be arraigned in L.A. County Court on Monday . In 2010 : ` Ugly Betty ' actor charged with sword murder	Jesus Canales is in custody for the 2008 killing of Lucy Preciado in Lancaster , California , police said Canales was arrested in Mexico Thursday and flown to Los Angeles on Saturday Police said Canales stabbed Preciado with a sword , and her four children witnessed it Bail for Canales has been set at $ 1.4 million
It took only moments to feel the impact of what was happening here . We had just landed in Conakry , the capital of Guinea . In the fields right outside the airport , a young woman was in tears . She started to wail and shout in Susu , one of the 40 languages spoken in this tiny country of 12 million people . The gathered crowd became silent and listened intently . The young man sitting next to me quietly translated , although I already had my suspicions . He told me the woman 's husband had died of Ebola , and then quickly ushered us away . It is probably not surprising the airplane bringing us into Conakry was nearly empty , as are all the hotels here . Not many people in the United States have ever visited Guinea , or could even identify where it sits in West Africa . It is already one of the world 's poorest countries , and the panic around Ebola is only making that worse . Some of it is justified . That 's because this time , the outbreak is different . In the past , Ebola rarely made it out of the remote forested areas of Africa . Key to that is a grim version of good news/bad news : because Ebola tends to incapacitate its victims and kill them quickly , they rarely have a chance to travel and spread the disease beyond their small villages . Now , however , Ebola is in Conakry , the capital city , with 2 million residents . Equally concerning : it 's just a short distance from where we touched down , at an international airport . It has gone "  viral , " and now the hope is that it does n't go global . Ebola : What you need to know When I asked doctors on the ground about that scenario , they had split opinions . Several told me the concern is real but unlikely . Most patients with Ebola come from small villages in the forest and are unlikely to be flying on international trips , they told me . Furthermore , they do n't think Ebola would spread widely in a western country ; our medical expertise and our culture -- not touching the dead -- would prevent it . Others are n't so sure . No one wants to test that theory . WHO : Ebola outbreak one of ` most challenging ' With Ebola , there is an incubation period of two to 21 days . Remember these numbers . This is the range of time it takes to develop symptoms after someone has been exposed . With an international airport close by , that means you could be on the other side of the world before you develop the headache , fever , fatigue and joint pain which make up the early symptoms of an Ebola infection . The diarrhea , rash and bleeding come later . Hiccups is a particularly grave sign with Ebola . It means your diaphragm , which allows you to breathe , is starting to get irritated . There is a lot we know about Ebola , and it scares us almost as much as what we do n't know . We do know Ebola , a simple virus with a small genome , is a swift , effective and bloody killer . The mortality rate is higher than 50 % and in some outbreaks reaches 90 % . Ebola appears to kill in a clever way . Early on , it strategically disarms your immune system , allowing the virus to replicate unchecked until it invades organs all over your body . It convinces your blood to clot in overdrive , but only inside your blood vessels . While those blood vessels choke up , the rest of your body starts to ooze because the clotting mechanisms are all busy . You start to hemorrhage on the outside of your body . Nose bleeds , bruising , even a simple needle stick will refuse to clot . But , it is the bleeding you do n't see -- the bleeding on the inside -- that causes even more catastrophic problems . Many patients die of shock , within an average of 10 days . What is ebola ? It sounds like the stuff of horror movies . But despite the real danger , Ebola is not at all easy to "  catch . " If it were , my wife would have refused to let me come in the midst of an outbreak . To become infected , you generally need to spend extended time with someone who is gravely ill , and come into contact with his or her infected body fluids . That 's why family members and health care workers are the most likely to get sick . Over the last three weeks , at least 112 people have died , including 14 health care workers . With some infections , you can shed and spread the virus long before you get ill . That 's not the case with Ebola . It 's only after you are sick and feverish do you become contagious . However , it only takes a miniscule amount to infect and kill . A microscopic droplet of blood or saliva on your bare hand could enter through a break in your skin . And , whether you realize it or not , we all have breaks in our skin . Since I was a kid , I have been fascinated with outbreaks . I learned in medical school that new pathogens generally make a jump from animals to humans , a process called zoonosis . This is happening in areas where human and animals come into continuous contact . David Quammen refers to it as "  Spillover , " in his book of the same name . A stew of ducks , geese , chickens , pigs and humans in southeast Asia led to the spillover of avian flu , H5N1 . Contact between pigs and humans in Mexico led to swine flu , H1N1 ; pigs and fruit bats were the recipe for Nipah fever in Malaysia . The best guess is that fruit bats may be a natural reservoir for the Ebola virus too , but this has not been confirmed . Quammen makes the point : Ebola did n't enter our world -- we entered its world . Pathogens can be predators , like lions , tigers and bears . A virus may not plan the way a big cat does , but in a sense it stalks its prey -- waiting for the moment of opportunity , then attacking with fury . Because it can lie silent for years , it 's also easy to see Ebola as a killing ghost , like Jack the Ripper . Presumably outbreaks begin through some human-animal contact , but since that contact is ongoing we do n't know what it is that leads Ebola to rear its ugly head . We do n't know how to treat the illness or vaccinate against it . We certainly do n't know how to cure it . I thought about all of this as I left that woman in the airport , and I have thought about her a great deal since then . Her grief made an impression on all of us . It also made this mysterious , exotic virus the world knows , but does n't fully understand , so much more real and frightening . For the next 21 days  the outer range of the incubation period  the woman we saw will be monitored for a fever or any early signs she may have contracted Ebola from her husband . If she exhibits symptoms , she will be isolated and treated with fluids , oxygen and nutrition . That is all that can really be offered . Again , there is no cure for Ebola . For her neighbors , in Guinea and across its border , another critical number is 42 -- as in 42 days , or two incubation periods . If the health care teams here do n't see any new cases during that time then they officially say the outbreak is over . We are not there yet , not even close . The clock is ticking . How to help	Dr. Sanjay Gupta is in Guinea reporting on the Ebola outbreak Ebola has spread to Conakry , the capital city with 2 million residents It has gone "  viral , " and now the hope is that it does n't go global , Gupta says Ebola , a simple virus with a small genome , is a swift and bloody killer
CNN  -- You would n't think that gay rights would be on a collision course with immigration reform . After all , what does one of these things have to do with another ? Not all that much . Yet , the fact is , these two worthwhile causes are about to collide , running right into one another at high speed . All for the sake of politics . Here 's why : The Gang of Eight 's bipartisan immigration reform compromise bill -- "  The Border Security , Economic Opportunity , and Modernization Act of 2013 " -- combines border security and temporary guest workers with a pathway to green cards and U.S. citizenship for the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States . You 've probably heard about how there are many on the right who want to kill the bill to please anti-Latino nativists . The weapon of choice seems to be the amendment process ; more than 300 changes were proposed . For example , one person gunning for the legislation is Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who has proposed an amendment that dismantles the pathway to U.S. citizenship . Cruz would welcome more legal immigrants by expanding the high-skilled temporary worker program . But the senator opposes giving illegal immigrants U.S. citizenship . The Cruz amendment says that "  no person who has previously been willfully present in the United States while not in lawful status shall be eligible for United States citizenship . " That amounts to a lifetime ban . What a terrible idea . The pathway should be long and difficult , but there has to be a pathway . It ca n't just be scrapped . These people broke the law , but it 's a civil infraction , not capital murder . But you might not have heard the other half of the story -- that there also are those on the left who would like to see the bill defeated , even if they have to be more clever and discreet about their efforts to kill it . The group that they want to please is organized labor , where despite the public pronouncements of labor union leaders that they support immigration reform , the rank-and-file may not be so easily convinced . Many of today 's union members -- especially in rust belt states like Ohio , Michigan , Pennsylvania , etc -- still see foreign workers the same way that previous generations of union members saw them : as competition and a barrier to higher wages . Senate panel tackles border security in immigration bill In 1986 , the last time that Congress passed meaningful immigration reform , the AFL-CIO fought the effort tooth and nail . Not much has changed since then . Oh , the leaders are singing a different tune . But , at the grassroots level , there is still resistance . Over the years , I 've done radio interviews and given speeches where I 've been confronted by self-described union members -- electricians , plumbers , carpenters , construction workers -- who complain about illegal immigrants taking jobs and allowing employers to pay lower wages . In 2007 , John Sweeney , who was then president of AFL-CIO , helped kill a bipartisan immigration reform bill by coming out against guest workers and firing off a letter to Senate Democrats telling them not to support any bill that included that provision . Sen. Byron Dorgan of North Dakota successfully proposed an amendment to weaken the guest workers provision . Republicans yanked their support , and the bill died . Six years later , business and labor have agreed to a plan for a guest worker program . But union members are still threatened by immigrant labor . Are union opponents of immigration reform still pulling the strings of some Democrats ? Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy has filed an amendment to the Gang of Eight bill that would allow gay Americans with foreign-born partners to sponsor them for green cards just like heterosexual couples can . Leahy can follow through by introducing the amendment , either in committee or on the Senate floor . To be impacted , gay couples do n't even have to be married ; the proposed amendment -- known as the Uniting American Families Act -- is designed to help "  permanent partners " of U.S. citizens or legal residents apply for a green card and defines "  permanent partner " merely as someone older than 18 and involved in a financially interdependent , committed relationship . Still , according to a group called Immigration Equality , only about 35,000-40 ,000 gay couples would be affected . Senate watchers say if the gay partners measure is introduced in the Judiciary Committee , it is likely to pass along Democratic Party lines and become part of the Senate bill . That could be the end . According to National Public Radio , the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops opposes the Leahy amendment , and it could withdraw its support for the entire bill . The same goes for evangelical Christian groups , and most Republican lawmakers . The votes will vanish . And so , for the sake of the estimated 40,000 same-sex couples that would be affected by such an obscure change , an estimated 11 million people will be out of luck . Adios , immigration reform . For his part , Leahy has said that he does n't think his amendment will kill the bill . Then he must be the only person in Washington who thinks that . Politico called the Leahy amendment "  the most serious threat to bipartisan immigration reform . " Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , de facto leader of the Gang of Eight , was more blunt . He told Politico that reform is "  difficult enough as it is " and that the gay partners amendment "  will virtually guarantee that  the bill  wo n't pass " and that "  the coalition that helped put it together will fall apart . " That 's the whole idea . Do n't be fooled . The latest shenanigan by Democrats is n't about gay rights . It 's about game playing . And when the games are done , what was the best hope for immigration reform in a quarter century may go down the tubes , and all that will be left to do is mop it up . Democrats will have to find new ways to convince furious Latino voters that it was Republicans who killed the bill , and Republicans will be forced to run for cover . The legislation is n't perfect . But it would improve the lives of millions of illegal immigrants who , at least , would be given some sort of protective status so they would n't have to worry about being unceremoniously scooped up and shipped out of the country by the Obama deportation machine while they pick up milk for their kids ' cereal . Not everyone who might support the gay partner amendment is simply doing the bidding of labor unions . I 'm sure that many gay rights advocates are pushing for the change with the best of intentions and for legitimate reasons . They think this battle is worth fighting , even if maybe this is n't the best time and place to fight it . Still , this is beyond sneaky . It 's sinister . Democrats thought of everything , even having the task of amending the bill fall to a senator from Vermont , a state where , according to the Census Bureau , Latinos account for just 1.6 % of the population -- just in case there is a backlash from Latino voters . By the way , President Obama has said that he supports Leahy 's amendment . The president also claims to support immigration reform . It 's something that we hear Obama and other Democrats say all the time , and which -- with stunts like this -- becomes less and less believable every time we hear it . This time they have gone too far . If this amendment is proposed , and support for the bill fades , and immigration reform dies on the vine , Latinos need to stop paying deference to the Democratic Party and instead make it pay a price . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Immigration reform bill could be sunk by amendments from left and right , says Ruben Navarrette He says reform died in 2007 after a "  poison pill " amendment by Democratic senator Ted Cruz and Patrick Leahy have introduced amendments that could doom bill , he says Navarrette : Leahy amendment on gay couples will energize opponents of immigration reform
CNN  -- Germany has canceled a decades-old agreement on information-sharing with Britain and the United States , in the wake of controversy sparked by American leaker Edward Snowden 's disclosures about mass surveillance programs . Germany 's Foreign Ministry announced the move Friday , saying it was effective immediately . Foreign minister Guido Westerwelle said cancellation of the pact -- which dates back to the late 1960s -- "  was a necessary and a correct consequence resulting from the latest debates in regards to protect privacy . " The move is largely symbolic but reflects the public pressure Germany 's leaders have been under following the revelations by Snowden , a former U.S. National Security Agency contractor . Europe furious , ` shocked ' by report of U.S. spying A UK Foreign Office spokesman said the 1968 agreement had been stopped after a request from Berlin . He described the arrangement as "  a bit of a loose end " which "  has n't been used since at least 1990 . " The issue dominated a conversation last month between President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Other European nations , including France , have also voiced concern . All nations collect intelligence , Obama says The White House last month promised joint EU-American discussions on the collection and oversight of intelligence , and questions of privacy and data protection . The row blew up after German news magazine Der Spiegel reported that classified leaks by Snowden detailed NSA bugging of European Union offices in Washington and New York , as well as an "  electronic eavesdropping operation " that tapped into an EU building in Brussels . UK Foreign Secretary William Hague has said that Britain 's GCHQ intelligence agency operates within a strong legal framework . A UK parliamentary committee found last month that media claims GCHQ had made use of a U.S. mass surveillance program known as PRISM to illegally spy on UK citizens were "  unfounded . " Read more : Germany queries extent of UK-U.S. surveillance programs	Germany cancels an information-sharing pact with the United States and Britain The agreement dates back to the Cold War era German foreign minister says move is the necessary response to recent privacy debates Claims by U.S. leaker Edward Snowden of mass surveillance have upset some Germans
CNN  -- Journalism and national security have survived decades of lies ; both can handle a little unexpected truth . Giving government secrets and classified documents to a nation 's enemies or even its allies is certainly against the law . We 've always called it spying . Now the equation is changed and people who approve giving purloined documents to the wide electronic world call it transparency . Others , who oppose WikiLeaks ' release of diplomatic cables Sunday , are calling it an act of terrorism to be met with full government sanctions . The sober side of me knows that putting the entire archive of a quarter-million State Department documents online can be harmful and potentially dangerous for national security . Yet the news reader -- the citizen -- in me also finds it immensely satisfying to learn what government leaders are really saying compared with the official statements , releases and communiqués that often masquerade as government information . Knowing that Saudi leaders , behind a false front of regional solidarity , are fretting about Iran seems a bit refreshing . I do appreciate knowing that our DEA knows that an Afghan vice president visited the United Arab Emirates last year carrying $ 52 million in cash . Even if I feel chagrined that our diplomats are getting blackmailed by other nations into taking Guantanamo Bay prisoners off our hands , I 'd rather know the truth than the pretend explanations . The real danger , it seems to me , is not the revelation of assorted classified material but our tendency to overreact , either to actual security threats such as the shoe bomber and the underwear bomber or , in this case , to a massive information dump . We 've become so reactive to security concerns -- and , at the same time , apathetic to threats to our own civil liberties -- that we might , as a result of the WikiLeaks release , allow government agencies to step on the universal reach of the Internet or find ways to create exceptions to First Amendment freedoms . Official ire may be aimed at WikiLeaks and its founder , but there 's a real current of anger at the media for providing a printed and organized outlet for these documents . Without the printed media , however , the information would be presented in such a helter-skelter fashion , it would be difficult to analyze or even know what is true and which documents are bogus . Since the earlier two massive releases by WikiLeaks of low-level Defense Department documents relating to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , I have yet to find a person who has actually read more than a tiny sampling of the actual leaked documents . Many say the electronic information age has done away with traditional or mainstream journalism , but here it is evident that the journalists at The New York Times , The Guardian , Germany 's Der Spiegel magazine and the Spanish daily El Pais are still doing the legwork -- sifting through information , confirming , editing and presenting it to the public . Over many weeks , the above publications have also cooperated with their governments and with WikiLeaks in vetting the material and removing information that clearly might be harmful to people in other countries . We all understand how illegal it is to reveal state secrets , even those that are classified secret for no good reason . We also know that over the years , governments have lied to the American people in the name of national security , whether about preparations for war or dealings with our allies and enemies . Journalists take comfort in the saying about sunlight being the best disinfectant , and usually that is true . Abraham Lincoln expressed the same sentiment this way : "  Let the people know the facts and the country will be safe . " I know there is risk in having these illegally obtained insights into government discussions and calculations , but we should not allow others to use this to attack a free media or to create more government secrecy . During a conversation with my journalism class on the WikiLeaks controversy yesterday , the graduate students considered both overreactions as potential dangers -- that these leaks will provide an excuse to curtail our constitutional freedoms and that government will become even more duplicitous . And that would be a real crime . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy McNulty	Timothy McNulty says journalism , national security survived lies , will survive WikiLeaks truth He says he 's uneasy that what used to be called spying is now "  transparency " Still , he says , we should not use WikiLeaks to attack free media , increase government secrecy McNulty : Filter of news media for WikiLeaks dump was crucial to responsible presentation
Musician Stevie Wonder has vowed to stay out of Florida until the state repeals its "  stand your ground " law . The law allows people to meet "  force with force " if they believe they or someone else is in danger of being seriously harmed by an assailant . "  I decided today that until the ` stand your ground ' law is abolished in Florida , I will never perform there again , " Wonder told the audience at a concert in Quebec on Sunday night . "  As a matter of fact , wherever I find that law exists , I will not perform in that state or in that part of the world . " How ` duty to retreat ' became ` stand your ground ' The 2012 shooting death of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman raised awareness and outrage about the law , although Zimmerman 's lawyers ultimately waived their client 's right to seek pretrial immunity because of the "  stand your ground " law . Instead , they mounted a self-defense case that resulted in his acquittal on a second-degree murder charge on Saturday . Trayvon Martin shooting : Fast Facts "  The truth is that for those of you who 've lost in the battle for justice , wherever that fits in any part of the world , we ca n't bring them back , " Wonder said . "  What we can do is we can let our voices be heard . And we can vote in our various countries throughout the world for change and equality for everybody . That 's what I know we can do . " Florida is one of 22 states that have a version of the law , which permits the use of deadly force anywhere as long as a person is not engaged in an unlawful activity , is being attacked in a place he has a right to be and reasonably believes that his life and safety are in danger as a result of an overt act or perceived threat committed by someone else . Holder blasts ` stand your ground ' after Zimmerman verdict Wonder is familiar with performance boycotts . He joined many other artists in the 1980s in avoiding South Africa 's Sun City resort in protest of the country 's apartheid policies , which kept the minority white population in control of the majority black nation .	Florida 's deadly force law allows people to meet "  force with force " 22 states have versions of "  stand your ground " laws The shooting death of Trayvon Martin raised awareness and outrage about the law "  Wherever I find that law exists , I will not perform , " Wonder tells a Quebec concert
CNN  -- A drug that presents a new way to knock out cancer cells was approved Friday to treat patients with a certain type of late-stage metastatic breast cancer . The drug , referred to as T-DM1 during clinical research , will now be known by the brand name Kadcyla , the Food and Drug Administration said in its approval announcement . It 's a new therapy for women with HER2-positive breast cancer . Kadcyla is a combination of the targeted drug trastuzumab -- better known by the brand name Herceptin -- and a powerful chemotherapy drug called DM1 . It 's designed to work when Herceptin alone can no longer keep cancer in check . DM1 is too toxic to deliver directly into a patient 's bloodstream , like other chemotherapy drugs . The Herceptin part of the new drug homes in on cancer cells , sparing other healthy cells , and delivers DM1 into the cell . "  Kadcyla delivers the drug to the cancer site to shrink the tumor , slow disease progression and prolong survival , " said Dr. Richard Pazdur , director of the Office of Hematology and Oncology Products in the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , in a statement . The drug is the fourth approved to target the HER2 protein . Genentech , the company that developed the drug , is working to get it to patients "  imminently , " said spokesman Susan Willson . "  As soon as humanly possible , but within two weeks at the outside . " Kadcyla will cost about $ 9,800 monthly , which Willson said is "  similar to the cost of other treatment regimens in this line of therapy . " The estimated cost of a course of Kadcyla -- 9Â 1/2 months -- is about $ 94,000 . But "  we want to ensure that people who are eligible for this medicine have access to it , " Willson said . Genentech plans to initiate patient assistance programs for the drug to help those who might not be able to afford it ; those without health insurance or those who have reached the lifetime limit set by their insurance companies may qualify to receive Kadcyla for free . Experimental drug offers new way to battle certain breast cancer Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths among women , according to the National Cancer Institute and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . HER2 is a protein involved in normal cell growth . It 's found in increased amounts on some types of cancer cells . In HER2-positive breast cancers , the increased amount of the protein contributes to cancer call growth and survival . Nearly 20 % of breast cancers have increased amounts of HER2 . Researchers announced the results of a large three-year clinical trial of Kadcyla in June , saying they were optimistic about it . One significant benefit , according to lead study author Dr. Kimberly Blackwell of Duke University , is the lack of significant side effects and a better quality of life for patients on the drug . Patients participating in the trial , she said , were the first group for whom officials worried about fixing their hair for media interviews . It 's important to note , however , that Kadcyla is not the same as Herceptin and could cause serious side effects including liver problems and heart problems such as congestive heart failure or even death . It also can cause life-threatening birth defects , meaning pregnant women should not take it . The FDA 's approval of the drug comes with the requirement that the prescribing information comes with a boxed warning alerting patients about the possibility of these side effects . However , the potential risks may be acceptable to women who have no other options , said Dr. Len Lichtenfeld , deputy chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society . Kadcyla , known as an "  antibody-drug conjugate , " represents "  a completely new way " to treat HER2 positive metastatic breast cancer , said Dr. Hal Barron , chief medical officer and head of global product development for Genentech . An antibody-drug conjugate is described by the company as "  a new kind of targeted medicine that can attach to certain types of cells and deliver chemotherapy directly to them . " "  We currently have more than 25 antibody-drug conjugates in our pipeline and hope this promising approach will help us deliver more medicines to fight other cancers in the future , " Barron said in a statement . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	The drug , Kadcyla , presents a new way to knock out cancer cells It 's meant for some patients with a certain type of metastatic breast cancer The drug should be available to patients within two weeks
Minneapolis  CNN  -- Jared Pettingill 's parents wanted a safe place for their son to attend school where he would n't be harassed for being gay . They found that place in the Minneapolis Public School district . "  It 's just been really accepting in my experience , " says Jared , a high school junior . He says he 's "  never really dealt with bullying issues " in middle school or high school . "  The amount of positive reaction to LGBT issues is really amazing . " Minneapolis Public School administrators admit that by no means has bullying been eradicated from their schools . However , they firmly believe that they are leading the way in creating a safe environment for all students . In January , the school board unanimously passed a unique resolution instructing administrators to track bullying incidents related to the harassment of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender students . The measure also requires all staff to be trained on LGBT issues . It injects LGBT topics into the curriculum , which includes adding an LGBT component to sex ed . They will eventually add an elective high school course on LGBT history . Just a few miles away , another Minneapolis-area school district has attracted national attention for its policy that deals with lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender students much differently . Neutral or not ? The Anoka-Hennepin School District , just outside the Twin Cities , made headlines in recent years after seven students committed suicide between November 2009 and May 2011 . Parents and friends say four of those students were either gay , perceived to be gay or questioning their sexuality . They say , at least two of them were bullied because of their sexuality . The school district says there is no evidence that the suicides were linked to bullying . Nevertheless , it stirred public debate over the school 's sexual orientation curriculum policy . The district 's curriculum policy , adopted in 2009 , bars teachers from taking a position on homosexuality in the classroom and says such matters are best addressed outside of school . It 's become known as the neutrality policy . Anoka-Hennepin , which encompasses the Twin Cities ' northwestern suburbs and is the state 's largest school district , is the only Minnesota school district known to have such a policy . In July , gay rights advocates filed a federal lawsuit on behalf of a group of students challenging the neutrality policy . The Southern Poverty Law Center and the National Center for Lesbian Rights told CNN that the lawsuit is currently in mediation . While the school district refrained from commenting on specifics in the lawsuit , it issued a statement in July noting that "  Anoka-Hennepin has been recognized as a pro-active leader in the state of Minneosta on bullying prevention . " The school district is also in the middle of a federal investigation into "  allegations of harassment and discrimination in the Anoka-Hennepin School District based on sex , including peer-on-peer harassment based on not conforming to gender stereotypes , " according to a district memo . Superintendent Dennis Carlson says the neutrality policy -- which has attracted just as many local supporters as it has critics to heated school board meetings -- is a reasonable response to a divided community . "  It 's a diverse community , " Carlson told CNN earlier this year , "  and what we 're trying to do , what I 'm trying to do as a superintendent , is walk down the middle of the road . " The school district has a separate , comprehensive bullying prohibition policy , and Carlson said there is no link between the suicides and bullying . "  We have no evidence that bullying or harassment took place in any of those cases , " the superintendent said . Carlson emphasized students need to report bullying , and he acknowledged "  gay students in our district struggle with bullying and harassment on a daily basis . " Damon Fietek , 16 , knows that all too well . He says he was a target for bullies because his father , a middle school teacher in the Anoka-Hennepin school district , is gay . Damon 's story Jefferson Fietek had adopted Damon just before he started high school . The bullying began immediately . "  It upsets me a great deal , " says Fietek , a middle school theater teacher . "  For him , being a kid from the foster system ... I was just really upset that he was n't being allowed to celebrate the fact that he had a family now . " Damon said the harassment went on for a full year before he even told his dad . "  Students would say stuff to me ... like ` Hey , did your dad rape you last night ? ' You know , just make those kinds of jokes at me , " Damon said . The bullying was n't just directed at him . He says it was a general hostility toward people who are -- or are perceived to be -- LGBT or who come from homes where a family member may be LGBT . "  I pulled him out of -LSB- that school -RSB- , " Fietek said . Damon now attends another school in the Anoka-Hennepin district with smaller class sizes . He says he has n't had any problems . Fietek , an adviser to his school 's Gay Straight Alliance , says when he first started working at the school , several teachers suggested he keep his sexuality to himself for his own job security . He decided it did n't make sense to keep quiet . Risking his job is a gamble he says he has to take because the issue is too important . "  I just compare it to what these kids ' personal stories are , and they 've got stories far worse than anything that 's happening to me , " Fietek said . In his adviser role , Fietek says he receives phone calls , texts and Facebook messages several times a week from students who feel like they are at a dead end because of bullying or uncertainty regarding their sexuality . Fietek believes the school district 's neutrality policy has indirectly taken the side of the bullies by not supporting these kids . "  Some of the things we 've put in place -LSB- have -RSB- just created a scary environment , " Fietek said . Making it better James C. Burroughs II used to bully kids when he was in school , calling other boys "  gay " for no particular reason . "  If you did something on the athletic field that was n't masculine or manly , you 'd use the term ` that 's gay ' or the ` f ' word -- the other ` f ' word , " Burroughs recalled . Today , Burroughs is the director of Minneapolis School District 's Office of Equity and Diversity , which seeks to "  integrate equity , diversity , and inclusion into all aspects " of the school district . Burroughs says his past is why he believes so passionately in putting an end to bullying , particularly of students who are perceived to be gay . "  What 's important for me is acknowledging that that happened and making it better for another generation of students , " Burroughs said . The Minneapolis School District has taken many steps to address the issue of bullying LGBT students , including training its staff on tracking bullying of these students , injecting LGBT topics into the curriculum , hosting an "  Out4Good " LGBT support program , and implementing a bullying prevention curriculum called Second Step . "  It 's very special , " Burroughs said . "  I think we 're a national leader when it comes to making sure that students and families in the school system K-12 are being treated and valued equally amongst all students . " Anti-bullying curriculum is woven into subjects like math , history and literature throughout each day , and staff from the teachers to the bus drivers are trained on how to create role play scenarios , says coordinator Julie Young-Burns . Ultimately it comes down to how each teacher feels they 're best able to infuse the lessons into their already planned lessons on other topics , she says . High school junior Jared Pettingill says he notices bits and pieces of an LGBT inclusive curriculum on a regular basis . "  In my English class right now , at the end of the year we 're gon na be reading a book called ` Giovanni 's Room , ' which is all about a bisexual character living in Paris , and it hinges on a lot of his relationships , " he said . " And there are a couple of other books like that that deal with lesbianism . " His parents support the school 's proactive stance in teaching tolerance and offering support of LGBT students like their son . However , they say any policy is ultimately "  a piece of paper " that wo n't work unless the message is embraced by everyone . "  It is our public officials , it 's our media , it is each of us individually saying it 's not OK to be hurtful to somebody else , " said Marie Pettingill . "  Whether its LGBT or other issues kids experience , they should be able to be safe , and we should n't have to even think that we have to talk about that . Kids should be safe . " CNN 's Emily Probst , Poppy Harlow , and Chuck Hadad contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Jared Pettingill 's parents wanted to make sure he was n't bullied for being gay They enrolled him in a public school that has taken steps to teach LGBT tolerance A few miles away , another district is under scrutiny for its "  neutrality " policy That policy bars teachers from taking a position on homosexuality in the classroom
CNN  -- A preliminary autopsy on the body of an energy executive pulled from the Mississippi River in New Orleans , Louisiana , this week revealed a head laceration and evidence of drowning , investigators said Thursday . The body was found Tuesday , four days after Douglas Schantz , president of Houston , Texas-based Sequent Energy Management , disappeared . A toxicology report , due back in roughly three weeks , will show "  how much Schantz had to drink before falling into the Mississippi " last week , said John Gagliano , lead investigator at the New Orleans coroner 's office . Authorities recovered Schantz 's body around noon Tuesday , said police spokesman Gary Flot . Police said Schantz was found with all his personal belongings , including his wallet , credit cards , identification and jewelry . Schantz , 54 , was last seen outside a Bourbon Street bar at 2:06 a.m. Friday , New Orleans Police Superintendent Warren Riley told reporters Tuesday morning . No one had heard from him since then . At the Tuesday morning news conference , Riley said detectives reviewed video from "  almost every " business in the busy French Quarter . Several cameras captured a "  disoriented " Schantz walking alone from a bar toward the Mississippi River , Riley said . Schantz had been drinking , Riley said , and was headed toward a boat at the wharf . "  The last video of Mr. Schantz is when he was near the boat Natchez , walking on a 2 - to 3-foot-wide walkway near the river , " Riley said . "  From 2:40 until 6:40 a.m. video was watched and ... once he -LSB- Schantz -RSB- walked out of that frame near the Natchez , he never returned on any frames of the video . " Riley said that according to the video , no one approached Schantz during the walk . Texas Equusearch , a search-and-rescue team , searched the waters with sonar equipment , and the Coast Guard and Harbor Police had also joined the search , according to Riley . Family and friends said they knew something was wrong Friday morning when Schantz did n't show up at the airport , missed a company meeting , and did n't return calls . Such behavior , they said , was uncharacteristic of him . "  There 's never been a time he was out of reach , " said Pete Tumminello , vice president of Sequent Energy , on Monday . "  I 've worked with him for seven years . There 's never been a time he 's been out of reach . " Schantz missed a flight Friday morning with his daughter , a Tulane University senior , police said . He also did not show up for an office meeting in Houston . Schantz went to the French Quarter with friends on Thursday night , Sequent Energy spokesman Alan Chapple told CNN on Tuesday . They went there after an earlier event at Tulane University to present a $ 25,000 donation to the Tulane Energy Institute , Chapple said . Schantz and his colleagues had dinner with professors and students at the school , and later he and some others went to the bar . Schantz was staying at the Royal Sonesta Hotel , only about two blocks from the bar that he was seen leaving , Chapple said . Members of the party had left the establishment at varying times , he said . During their investigation , police had not discovered any evidence of a crime , Flot said Tuesday morning . The FBI , U.S. Marshals Service and private investigators were also working the case , Riley said . Schantz 's son , Michael , described Monday the agony his family was feeling as they awaited news . "  My family is distraught , I 'm distraught , -LSB- in -RSB- shock , " he said . "  We just want him found alive and back with our family . " CNN 's Carolina Sanchez and Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report .	Body of Douglas Schantz , 54 , was found Tuesday Body found four days after Schantz disappeared Schantz was president of Houston , Texas-based Sequent Energy Management
CNN  -- There 's a pretty good chance that you missed Madonna 's first film as writer-director , the low budget London comedy "  Filth and Wisdom . " Her second will be harder to avoid -- it 's a handsomely produced British heritage picture with James D'Arcy as King Edward VIII and Andrea Riseborough as Wallis Simpson -- but nevertheless you should make every effort to do so . This flimsy vanity project cruelly exposes the Material Girl 's limitations . It 's a tedious , vapid , threadbare movie that only a superstar could get made -- or would want to . For reasons we can only guess at , Madonna evidently identifies with Mrs. Simpson , the American divorcee vilified by the British press in the late 1930s when she stole the heart of the world 's most eligible bachelor , Edward Windsor , the Prince of Wales and heir to the British throne .  Despite his laddish demeanor , Madonna 's second ex-husband , "  Sherlock Holmes " director Guy Ritchie , came from a line of blue-bloods and baronets . The Brits had no shortage of reasons to dislike Wallis ; some valid , some pure snobbery . Not only was this foreigner married when the affair got started , and already a divorcee , she was also rather unattractive by conventional standards . A plain Jane with mannish features who was inappropriately frank about her social-climbing aspirations . As if that was n't enough she was also on chummy terms with members of Hitler 's inner circle and , salacious gossip suggests , an expert in the Oriental arts of lovemaking  though Madonna 's having none of that , the movie is perversely sexless  . A less suitable match was hard to imagine , and in the constitutional crisis that followed , Edward was forced to abdicate in favor of his stammering sibling , Bertie . In other words , Mrs Simpson 's hardly your typical "  cause cÃ © lÃ ¨ bre , " though that does n't stop Madonna from painting her as a feminist heroine in "  the greatest love story of the 20th century . " In this high-gloss version of events , Wallis is an abused woman  viciously beaten by her boorish first husband  , who compensates for her physical shortcomings with her sense of style , quick feet on the dance floor and candid American wit  not that we hear any  . As for Edward , history 's naÃ ¯ ve , racist and foolhardy womanizer is recast as a debonair sophisticate and improbable champion of the working classes . In the film 's most egregious line , Wallis greets her royal suitor with an oh-so-casual , "  I 've been reading that book you recommended about social reform . " Right , and they dedicated the rest of their days to helping the orphans in Africa too . In a parallel modern-day story that manages to be even more dramatically suspect , Abbie Cornish is Wally Winthrop , the neglected wife of a handsome , philanthropic doctor  Richard Coyle  who wo n't sleep with her and drives her to futile in-vitro fertilization injections  filmed in wobbly shlock-horror close-ups  . Obsessed with her namesake , Wally spends several eons wandering through a Sotheby 's exhibition of the Duke and Duchess ' artifacts , catching the eye of a studly security guard  Oscar Isaac  , an ex-Russian intellectual who borrows the royals ' dinner service for an impromptu date dressed in a kilt and a bearskin hat . In superstar circles this is what passes for romance . Despite these absurdities , "  W.E. " is nicely packaged and photographed . Andrea Riseborough miraculously makes Wallis Simpson more interesting than this hagiography allows , especially when she starts to regret her great conquest as the trappings of wealth turn claustrophobic . There are inklings of a real movie in this somber coda , but the interminable modern scenes remain desperately trite , and just because Madonna thinks it 's OK to turn a blind eye to fascism , there 's no reason to follow suit . As Queen Victoria is supposed to have said , "  We are not amused . "	This flimsy vanity project cruelly exposes the Material Girl 's limitations Despite these absurdities , "  W.E. " is nicely packaged and photographed Andrea Riseborough miraculously makes Wallis Simpson interesting
Washington  CNN  -- American-born al Qaeda spokesman Adam Gadahn is calling for attacks on U.S. ambassadors around the world . In a 39-minute video , Gadahn praised the death of Libya 's U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens on September 11 last year -- and urged wealthy Muslims to offer militants rewards so they can kill others , according to SITE , a jihadist monitoring group . Specifically , he referenced a bounty set for the death of U.S. Ambassador to Yemen , Gerald Feierstein . "  These prizes have a great effect in instilling fear in the hearts of our cowardly enemies , " Gadahn who has a $ 1 million dollar bounty on his head , says in the video . "  They also encourage hesitant individuals to carry out important and great deeds in the path of Allah . " The California-raised Islamic convert , also known as Azzam the American , spoke entirely in Arabic throughout the video , "  The Exploits of Muslims and Infamies of the Criminals . " It was produced by al-Qaeda 's as-Sahab Media Foundation and posted to jihadi websites . "  The dead American ambassador Christopher Stevens was n't a friend of Libya " Gadahn asserts , saying instead he was "  representative of the empire of evil and corruption , America " . Multiple American embassies across North Africa and the Middle East were closed earlier this month in light of intelligence information suggesting a possible attack . All have reopened . But an administration official , asked whether the closures were linked to the Gadahn video , told CNN that while al Qaeda 's general intentions were a factor in the closures , "  this video was not specifically a factor . " Gadahn has made similar videos in the past . In 2007 , he also called for attacks on U.S. diplomats , vowing that al Qaeda would target American diplomats and embassies in retaliation for the Afghanistan and Iraq wars . CNN 's Brian Todd contricuted to this report .	He urges wealthy Muslims to offer militants rewards He posted his statement on jihadist websites He has a $ 1 million bounty on his head
There are few issues that preoccupy new parents more than this : Is my baby growing normally ? When the percentiles seem off-kilter , we worry -- but experts say there 's rarely reason for concern . A growth chart can be used to monitor where a child 's height and weight falls in relation to national averages . For starters , healthy kids come in a wide range of shapes and sizes , and they do n't grow at a steady rate , either . Your child can look very different from your friends ' kids -- or from his own siblings at the same age -- and still be completely normal . What influences growth At birth : A baby 's size when he 's born is based partly on genetics . Firstborns tend to be smaller than subsequent children because the uterus is smaller and tighter in first-time moms . Boys are larger than girls , and multiples , boys and girls , are smaller than average . Some environmental factors that can influence a newborn 's size : • the mother 's weight -- very heavy women tend to have larger babies • weight gain during pregnancy -- a very low gain  under ten pounds  usually means a smaller baby • whether or not Mom smokes or drinks a lot of caffeine -- both of which can limit an unborn baby 's growth • a mom 's chronic illness -- diabetics , for instance , often have very large babies . During the first two years : A baby 's growth is based on a combination of her birth size and the size she 's genetically programmed to be : A small newborn who 's going to be a big child will grow faster in the first two years than a big baby who 's going to be a small child . Parenting.com : Baby milestones Laura Hileman 's son , John , was 23 inches long when he was born -- the average newborn is just 20 inches -- and his pediatrician joked that he might be seven feet tall as an adult . "  But based on my height and my husband 's , the doctor did n't think that would happen , " says the Nashville mom . Sure enough , by the time John was 3 , his growth had slowed and his height was just average for his age . Parenting.com : Toddler milestones During childhood : Both weight gain and increases in height come in short bursts of what can seem like rapid growth -- which is why kids can sometimes look almost chubby one month but lean the next . The duration of a growth spurt , as well as how much a child grows during one , differs from child to child  and from spurt to spurt in the same child  . But it 's not uncommon to see a visible difference in a very short time : At age 10 , my son Sam once outgrew a pair of dress pants in less than a week . No one knows what causes a kid to shoot up one month and not another , but there does seem to be a seasonal pattern . "  Although we do n't have a good explanation for it , children seem to grow fastest in the summer and slowest in the fall , " says Joseph Gigante , M.D. , associate professor of pediatrics at Vanderbilt Children 's Hospital in Nashville . Doctors do know what triggers growth in the first place : It 's the human growth hormone , a chemical produced in bursts throughout the day but released largely during sleep . That 's why it 's important for kids to get the shut-eye they need throughout childhood and adolescence . During puberty : After infancy , the tween and teen years are the period of most rapid change . For girls , the growth spurt begins between 10 and 11 and lasts until around 15 ; for boys , it starts about two years later and lasts until age 17 or so . Girls typically stop growing about three years after they 've had their first period , but boys continue to grow throughout their teens . Parenting.com : Ages , stages hot spots Ways to keep track Until 2002 , the growth chart -- the tool doctors use to make sure kids are growing normally -- was based exclusively on norms for bottle-fed Caucasian children . Since breastfed babies tend to be smaller , as do Hispanic and Asian-American babies , the chart now includes averages for all ethnic groups , as well as for breastfed infants . In addition , the new charts track body mass index , which helps pediatricians know when a child is at risk of obesity . Parenting.com : Guide to childhood obesity Most growth disorders are diagnosed by pediatricians , not parents , but sometimes a child who is n't growing normally can slip through the cracks . According to a study in the Archives of Disease in Childhood , about 70 percent of all kids are measured inaccurately at their checkups .  Measurements tend to be off by about half an inch . So watch carefully as your child is being measured . And feel free to pitch in , if needed , to hold a wiggly baby still , which will help make sure the measurement is accurate . Double-check to see if the nurse records this information on the correct chart for your child 's age and sex , too . My son Sam was once briefly in the 110th percentile for height ; then the nurse realized she 'd charted him on the curve for girls , not boys . Parenting.com : Height calculator By comparing your child 's current place on the chart with earlier recordings , your doctor will be able to see if he 's growing normally . Signs that something may be amiss : • His height seems off , given the height of his parents or siblings . • He 's nowhere near the averages • He drops 20 percentile points or more from one year to the next . • He 's gaining weight much more rapidly than he 's gaining height . • Puberty comes very early or very late . In such cases , your doctor may suggest a specialist . Most of the time , though , you just need to wait for the next growth spurt . And then you , like me , may find yourself buying your child another new pair of dress-up pants . E-mail to a friend Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited . Margaret Renkl is a contributing editor to Parenting and the mom of three kids .	Use a growth chart to see where your child falls among average children Children seem to grow fastest in the summer and slowest in the fall Very heavy women tend to have larger babies Breastfed babies , Hispanic and Asian-American babies tend to be smaller
EW.com  -- Have you picked your jaws up off the floor yet , Gladiators ? If so , well done . Indeed , it was probably a fairly Herculean task considering all the mind-blowing revelations in "  Scandal 's " twisty season 3 premiere . Though several one-on-one scenes took Liv away from her trusted Gladiators for much of the opener , you can be sure this thick-as-thieves crew will be facing the onslaught together in weeks to come . EW talked with three of Liv 's fixers -- Katie Lowes , Guillermo Díaz and Darby Stanchfield -- about their reactions to the premiere  yes , even they were surprised by some things !  and what 's to come for Pope & Associates this year . SPOILER ALERT ! If you have n't seen the premiere , do n't keep reading . ` NCIS , ' ` The Mentalist , ' ` Hawaii Five-0 , ' ` Castle ' : Find out what 's next in the Spoiler Room "  It 's Handled " picked up right where the season 2 finale left off -- with Olivia Pope  Kerry Washington  under the microscope thanks to her affair with President Fitzgerald "  Fitz " Grant  Tony Goldwyn  going public . Trying to cut off that problem at the pass was CIA black ops commander Rowan  Joe Morton  , a.k.a. Liv 's dad , who had arranged a convenient international getaway . Surprising absolutely no one , Liv decided to forgo the easy way out and returned to her Gladiators to fix ... herself . Once Liv returned , reformed assassin and personal confidante Huck was a natural choice to escort his mentor back into her inner sanctum . "  It 's a really short but really powerful scene when he 's pulling her out of the limo , " Díaz says . "  He 's like her watchdog . He 's that guy that 's always thinking about her safety and protecting her and -LSB- making sure -RSB- nothing bad 's going to happen to her -LSB- because -RSB- she 's the one that saved him . " But can the gladiators save Liv now that she 's in the sights of cold-blooded frenemy -- and Fitz 's Chief of Staff -- Cyrus  Jeff Perry  ? Even Stanchfield , who plays no-nonsense Pope employee Abby , was shocked when she finally saw one scene in particular play out on film . "  We were watching the first episode where Cyrus starts the ` kill folder ' -LSB- on Olivia -RSB- , " the actress remembers . "  We 'd all forgotten about it -LSB- since the table read -RSB- , and we all just lost our marbles . It was incredible . " She adds , "  Cyrus can be so evil -- just when you think you were going to trust him ! I start to like the guy , and then he does something like that , and I 'm just like , ` You 're dead forever now ... , ' " then she laughs , "  at least for another episode . " Cyrus is n't the only one who 's out for blood . Liv 's newest acolyte , Quinn  Lowes  , is still practically shaking from the adrenaline boost of her first torture session under Huck 's tutelage . Lowes admits Quinn "  got a little bit of a taste for -LSB- violence -RSB- in the finale , " but says , "  It 's not so much that she wants to go out with a machine gun and start killing people . I do n't think she 's psychotic , and that 's not how I 'm playing her . The deal is , she has had a lot of really terrible things happen to her in her life and , for the first time in a while , she was in control of the situation and she was excelling at something and she was causing pain on somebody else . It 's that sense of control that gives her a high , that forces her to be addicted to that feeling . " Kerry Washington on how she stays grounded amid ` Scandal ' craze Even Lowes admits how wild Quinn 's change in character has been . "  I can not go back and watch the pilot because we 've come such a long way , and such a 180 has happened , and she 's grown so much and changed so much as a person , " she admits . "  This season is a big mix . Darby is always saying , ` Oh , that 's Old Quinn ! Oh , that 's New Quinn ! ' Now it 's really combining together . " For Huck , though , Quinn 's new empowerment spells trouble . He considers himself a murder-and-torture addict and now fears he 's enabling Quinn . Díaz previews , "  That 's kind of what he 's dealing with in the first few episodes : Him having created this monster . He knows how seductive it was for him and how caught-up in it he got , in that dark world . He 's afraid she 's too far gone now , and he does n't know what to do about it . " However Huck chooses to confront Quinn 's growing bloodlust , it 's safe to say "  Huckleberry Quinn " -- as shippers affectionately refer to the friendship -- will never be the same . According to Díaz , that 's not necessarily a bad thing : "  Their relationship has shifted . It 's changed a little bit . It 's exciting what 's coming down the pike . " Stanchfield 's character is also facing a relationship in flux with on-and-off lover David Rosen  Joshua Malina  , the newly appointed U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia . The pair had only a brief encounter in the premiere , with David telling Abby to "  return -LSB- his -RSB- calls , " but Stanchfield promises , "  It 's not over between Abby and David . ... They try . The best way to describe it -LSB- is -RSB- , Abby and David have never done normal -- they 've never actually been on a proper , normal date . There 's definitely an attempt at normal -LSB- in coming episodes that -RSB- will be interesting for fans . It 's been interesting to play . They really are two people who fit . They 're a good match together because they 're both sort of misfits in a way . " Seeing as the Beltway of "  Scandal " is packed with misfits and machinations , Abby and David 's showmance will be in fine company -- starting with a Huck-heavy episode next week . "  Scandal " returns next Thursday at 10 p.m. ET on ABC . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The third season premiere of "  Scandal " was shocking Stars Katie Lowes , Guillermo Díaz and Darby Stanchfield were surprised by some scenes The actors tease what 's to come in season 3
Nigeria 's president declared states of emergency Tuesday for three states , blaming "  terrorists " aimed at "  rebellion " who have caused "  fear among our citizens and a near breakdown of law and order in parts of the country . " The order , issued by President Goodluck Jonathan , applies to Borno , Yobe and Adamawa states in northeastern Nigeria . He also noted a rise of insurgent violence in eight other states as well , including Nasarawa , where scores of police officers were killed last week . Scores of police officers killed in central Nigeria "  We have taken robust steps to unravel and address the root causes of these crises , but it would appear that there is a systematic effort by insurgents and terrorists to destabilize the Nigerian state and test our collective resolve , " Jonathan said in a televised speech . Insisting they were n't simply criminals , the president said "  terrorist groups " were staging a "  rebellion and insurgency " that threatened Nigeria 's "  unity and territorial integrity . " Some northern parts of Borno state have already been taken over by such groups , as Jonathan noted . Such violence over the years has been blamed on Boko Haram , whose name means "  Western education is sacrilege . " According to Human Rights Watch , the group has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria . Attempts at dialogue -- which will continue , the president said -- have failed to curb militants ' efforts "  to progressively overwhelm the ... country . " He cited several recent examples of violence , including the killing of "  innocent civilians and state officials , " attacks on government buildings and facilities and the destruction of Nigeria 's flag for "  strange flags " instead . "  These actions amount to a declaration of war and a deliberate attempt to undermine the authority of the Nigerian state and threaten her territorial integrity , " Jonathan said . "  As a responsible government , we will not tolerate this . " The president said he 'll send more troops to the three states , adding that they and other security forces there have orders to "  take all necessary action . " They have the authority to detain suspects and those who illegally possess weapons , take over any building "  used for terrorist purposes " and conduct searches . "  Those insurgents and terrorists who take delight in killing our security operatives -- whoever they may be , wherever they may go -- we will hunt them down , we will fish them out , and we will bring them to justice , " Jonathan said . "  No matter what it takes , we will win this war against terror . " Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it	States of emergency are declared for Borno , Yobe and Adamawa states President says "  insurgents and terrorists " are trying to destabilize Nigeria They 've taken over part of Borno state , killed civilians and officials , he adds "  We will hunt them down  and  bring them to justice , " Goodluck Jonathan says
CNN  -- Serbian authorities have put up wanted posters for war crimes suspect Ratko Mladic at police stations across the country in their search for the highest-ranking figure from the Bosnia-Herzegovina conflict to remain at large , according to Serbian media reports . Ratko Mladic , pictured in 1993 , is the highest-ranking figure from the conflict still at large . Mladic faces charges of genocide and crimes against humanity before the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia  ICTY  in the killing of almost 8,000 Muslim men and boys in the town of Srebrenica in July 1995 . The posters remind people of the 1 million euro  $ 1.3 million  reward for information leading to Mladic 's capture , according to Serbian media reports . Authorities also recently put up notices about the 250,000 euro  $ 334,000  reward for information leading to the arrest of Serbia 's other fugitive , Goran Hadzic , according to the reports released Saturday . The posters provide a phone number and promise that informants will enjoy "  guaranteed secrecy of data and identity , " Serbia 's B92 network reported . Last month , the office of the war crimes prosecutor in Belgrade announced that Serbian police -- acting on the prosecutor 's request -- searched for Mladic and Hadzic around the town of Arandjelovac , 45 miles  75 kilometers  south of Belgrade . Mladic is the top-ranking figure from the conflict to remain at large following the July arrest of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic . Mladic , who commanded the Bosnian Serb military during the 1992-95 war in Bosnia-Herzegovina , has been on the run for 13 years , ever since the international tribunal issued the indictments against him and those against 51 others . He disappeared after former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was arrested in 2001 . The tribunal has accused Serbia of knowing Mladic 's whereabouts and letting him avoid capture , but the country 's leaders have denied protecting him . Mladic is one of the major stumbling blocks to Serbia 's admission to the European Union . Serbia 's government signed a preliminary agreement last April setting the country on the path to full EU membership . But ratification of the deal was made conditional on Serbia sending Mladic to the Hague .	Mladic is wanted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia He is accused of overseeing the killings of almost 8,000 Bosnian Muslims in 1995 The tribunal accused Serbia of knowing Mladic 's whereabouts Serbian leaders deny protecting the former Bosnian Serb commander
CNN  -- Federal agents and local police arrested 16 suspected gang members and associates in Greeley , Colorado , on Tuesday on drug and gun charges , according to a Department of Justice release . Those arrested were among 46 people indicted on federal charges of drug distribution and illegal gun possession , the release said . Eight people are considered fugitives and the others have been arrested since April or were in custody on other charges , Jeff Dorschner , a spokesman for the justice department said . During the 30-month investigation more than $ 500,000 worth of amphetamines  6.3 pounds of 100 percent pure meth  was seized . Cocaine , marijuana and mushrooms were also involved , according to the statement , which said 21 weapons also were seized . FBI Special Agent in Charge James Davis called those indicted "  some of the nation 's most notorious violent street offenders . " Officials did n't identify the gang affliations of those charged in the indictments but said most of the people charged were from Greeley while three were from California and one was thought to be in Mexico . Four of the people indicted have been charged with distribution in a school zone , and three have been charged with distribution while a child under 18 is present . One person was charges with dealing drugs from home . "  The indictment of 46 people responsible for distributing meth and other dangerous drugs and illegally possessing firearms should have a serious negative impact on the drug trade in Greeley , " U.S. Attorney David Gaouette said . The indictments listed 205 counts , one of which could lead to a life sentence . The Tuesday morning raids involved members of the the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ; the Federal Bureau of Investigation , the Greeley Police Department and the Weld County Sheriff 's Department . Some of those who were arrested were taken Tuesday for their initial appearances at the U.S. District Court in Denver , while others will be taken there Wednesday . Greeley , a city of 90,000 residents , is about 60 miles north of Denver .	16 suspected gang members arrested in morning raids in Greeley , Colorado Total of 46 people indicted in Colorado probe on federal drug and gun charges FBI agent : These are "  violent street offenders " Four people were charged with selling drugs near schools
CNN  -- Holders Brazil were knocked out of the Copa America Sunday , after a woeful penalty shoot-out display against Paraguay in Argentina . The star-studded Brazilians missed all four of their spot-kicks as Paraguay went on to win 2-0 and earn a place in the last four of the competition . A disappointing match ended goal-less , as both sides finished with 10 men on the pitch after Brazilian midfielder Lucas Leiva and Uruguay 's Antolin Alcaraz were dismissed following an altercation in extra time . Brazil dominated much of the possession but lacked a cutting edge , despite fielding an attack-minded line-up led by Robinho , Alexandre Pato , and Neymar . Neymar was particularly profligate in front of goal , twice missing golden opportunities in the first half . The first chance came on seven minutes when his volley from close range dipped over the bar ; while the second saw him blaze wide on the half-hour mark , after Ganso 's pass found him unmarked on the right-hand side of goal . Paraguay goalkeeper Justo Villar was also in inspired form , showing particularly good reflexes late on to deny Milan 's Pato as he raced through one-on-one . After the match Paraguay coach Gerardo Martino admitted his side , which last won the competition in 1979 , were fortunate to beat the much-fancied Brazilians . "  Brazil should probably have won it over the 90 minutes , " he told reporters , in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse . His goalkeeper Villar agreed . "  It really took it out of us playing Brazil -- they dominated almost the whole match . But the team kept its shape and kept its concentration and those factors took us through . " Meanwhile Brazil 's coach Mano Menezes was keen to look ahead to his team 's future challenges . "  When you lose you know you made some mistakes , " he told AFP . "  But this happens in football and we have to live with it . The object has always been to get a strong team together for the World Cup in 2014 . " The shocks continued in the second quarterfinal played Sunday as Venezuela beat Chile 2-1 . Oswaldo Vizcarrondo put Venezuela ahead on 34 minutes , but Humberto Suazo equalized for Chile midway through the second half . Chile pushed for victory , but as extra time loomed it was Gabriel Cichero who gave Venezuela a semifinal clash with Paraguay .	Star-studded Brazil missed all four of their spot-kicks as Paraguay went on to win 2-0 Both sides were reduced to 10 men after Lucas Leiva and Antolin Alcaraz were dismissed Paraguay , who last won the Copa America in 1979 , will now face Venezuela Venezula shocked Chile 2-1 in last quarterfinal with Gabriel Cichero scoring late winner
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's odds of holding power "  are slipping away " as the nearly 2-year-old revolt against his rule grinds on , Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says . In an interview that aired Sunday on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " Medvedev distanced Moscow from its longtime Middle East client . But he repeated Russia 's longtime insistence that outside powers should n't be picking Syria 's leaders . Official : Russia invites head of Syrian opposition for talks "  From the outset , the Russian Federation was not an exclusive ally of Syria or President Assad , " Medvedev said . "  We used to have good relations with him and his father , but he had much closer allies among the Europeans . " Russia has "  never said that our goal was to preserve the current political regime , or making sure that President Assad stays in power , " he added . "  That decision has to be made by the Syrian people . " Opinion : Why Russia protects Syria 's Assad It 's the latest in a series of grim assessments of al-Assad 's chances from Russia , which has been Syria 's leading arms supplier since the days of the Cold War . President Vladimir Putin said in December that Moscow wo n't support al-Assad "  at any cost , " and Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov noted a few days earlier that the Kremlin "  ca n't exclude a victory by the opposition . " Russia Analyst : Russia would n't resist intervention in Syria When the Arab Spring revolts erupted across the region in early 2011 , Syrians took to the streets to demonstrate against al-Assad 's rule . The Syrian leader quickly responded with a crackdown by police and the army that soon exploded into a civil war . The United Nations says the conflict has now killed more than 60,000 people , and opposition activists said more than 100 were killed Sunday . Rebel forces -- many of them led by former soldiers , others by jihadists linked to the al Qaeda terrorist network -- are now regularly battling government troops in the capital , Damascus , and the country 's commercial hub of Aleppo . Read more : Leaving Syria ship before it sinks ? Medvedev said he blames both the opposition and al-Assad 's government for refusing to negotiate . He said he personally lobbied al-Assad to open up his regime to reform and that his resistance was an "  important , if not fatal " mistake . "  The chances for him surviving are slipping away as days and weeks go by , " Medvedev told CNN . "  But once again , it should not be up to us . It should be up to the Syrian people . " Russia has criticized Western powers , including the United States , that have recognized the opposition as Syria 's rightful leadership . Russia and China have blocked U.N. Security Council attempts to take action to end the conflict and force al-Assad to step down . Medvedev spoke to CNN at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . His comments contrasted with those of Jordan 's King Abdullah II , who said Friday that al-Assad is not likely to fall for months . "  Anyone who says that Bashar 's regime has got weeks to live really does n't know the reality on the ground , " he said during a panel appearance with Zakaria at the World Economic Forum . "  They still have capability . ... So  I expect  a strong showing for at least the first half of 2013 . " But Medvedev warned that if al-Assad 's rule is "  swept away " by the revolt , the result could be a conflict among its successors that could last "  for decades . " Asked about concerns that jihadists could use a successful campaign in Syria to spread into southern Russia , where Islamic militant groups have been battling Moscow for more than a decade , he said that prospect should alarm the West as well . "  They can travel to Europe . They tried to . And in the U.S. , " Medvedev said . "  So it is alarming for all of us . It does not mean , though , that we should bring to power radical opposition leaders . It should be a difficult process , led by civil society . "	Syria 's al-Assad faces mounting odds as the revolt against him drags on , Medvedev says The Syrian leader 's resistance to reform is an "  important , if not fatal " mistake , he says But Medvedev says Syrians , not outside powers , should choose the country 's new leaders
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Breathlessly , they came , carrying suitcases , plastic bags and just about anything that would hold the few belongings they still had . Thousands of Haitian people , most of them homeless , have flooded the port , hoping for a ticket to hope , on board a ferry , being paid for by the Haitian government . This ferry , the Trois Rivieres , is headed for Port Jeremie on Haiti 's far western tip , far away from the hopelessness that has become Port-au-Prince . "  The government gave us 1500 gallons of fuel to go back to Jeremie to evacuate more people , " said Roger Rouzier , director general of Marinetec , the ferry boat owner . Anaika Clement has been here three days with her mother and her friend . Their homes have been destroyed . She and the others wait at a filthy wharf , littered with garbage and human feces , with cracks in the ground , from the day the earth moved in Haiti , last week . In creole , Anaika told CNN 's Ivan Watson that they came here after Wednesday morning 's 5.9 aftershock . "  I do n't know how many days we 're going to stay here , " said Anaika . Wednesday 's seismic rattle appeared to have pushed desperate people into action . For some , it did n't matter where the ferry would take them , as long as it left Port-au-Prince . With the USNS Comfort , a hospital ship in sight of them , mothers , fathers , children , infants , and their belongings , packed themselves into small , overcrowded row boats . Latest updates l Full coverage l Twitter In the words of one man , "  All of our hopes are with the international community . We are not able to sustain ourselves , " he said . Many of the rowboats sat with too many people , too low in the water , and had the look of a potentially new tragedy . They would row about a mile , to the Trois Rivieres ferry , which was docked at the other end of the port . The owner docked it far away so that people could not board it , while it sat awaiting fuel from the government . iReport : Search list for missing and found "  First of all I have to put fuel on board . And I would prefer to put fuel on board before the people get in , " said Roger Rouzier , the ferry boat owner . "  It 's a little bit dangerous while you are refueling to have people on board , " he said . Seeing the ferry boat , the people used the row boats to make their way out to the ferry , to board themselves . Once there , they climbed up the side of the boat , and designed their own assembly line of people to help pass luggage , and children , from one person to the other , on board the ferryboat . CNN witnessed one infant passed up along a sea of hands from their dinghy all the way to the top of the ferryboat . iReport : Are you there ? "  No one is helping us with crowd control here . No one . We do n't have any help from no one . Even from the government , " said ferry owner , Roger Rouzier . "  The government gave us fuel and told us to evacuate people to Jeremie and that 's it , " he said . CNN watched as one lone Haitian coast guard vessel tried to approach the ferryboat to curtail the rowboaters , but they were quickly overpowered by the sea of people fleeing . The ferry 's owner told CNN his ferry is licensed to carry 600 people , but on the last trip to Port Jeremie , there were over 3000 onboard . With no serious crowd control and no lifeboats on board , Rouzier 's only option to stop the crowds , is to leave . "  They 'll do anything to get on the boat . And then it becomes very , very dangerous , " he said . CNN took their own rowboat onto the Trois Rivieres , and saw a boat , slowly filling with the desperate refugees . They all appeared to relax once onboard . Perhaps , now they can begin to have hope about tomorrow .	Thousands of Haitians try to board government ship to Port Jeremie on Haiti 's far western tip Families packing themselves into small , overcrowded row boats to try and reach offshore ship People climbed up sides of boat , passing belongings , children up the side Ferry owner on desperate Haitians : "  They 'll do anything to get on the boat "
CNN  -- Not so long ago , Germany was vilified for its slow economic growth , high unemployment rates , and record budget deficits . As late as 2004 , The Economist called it the "  sick man of Europe . " Today , Germany is the world 's fourth largest economy , and the most important market in the European Union . Its 5.3 % unemployment rate is the second lowest in the EU . Germany exports more merchandise than any other country aside from China , and its share of total world trade is larger than that of the U.S. Not bad for a nation of 81 million citizens that 's not even among the world 's 15 most populated worldwide . The roots of Germany 's 21st century economic success date back to the Industrial Revolution , when Germans were early adopters of rail transportation and coal production . But the country 's current rise to status of economic superstar began on a cold autumn day , exactly 25 years ago . Fall of the wall On November 9 , 1989 , a group of excited Berliners used mauls , chisels , hammers and fists to smash down the wall that divided the West and East part of the city . The fall of the Berlin Wall was a landmark moment , which intensified a process that fully materialized two years later with the collapse of the Soviet Union . What West Germans found when they entered East Germany was a society marked by high unemployment rate , low productivity and a lot of poverty . They also found a highly skilled workforce that was comparatively cheap , and new markets with an appetite for products . They found opportunities -- not only in the eastern part of their reunified nation , but also in many other former Soviet-bloc countries , like the Czech Republic , Romania and Slovakia . "  Part of the success story of the German multinationals was their capacity to use the opportunities that arose -- first with reunification , and secondly with the expansion of the EU , " said Fredrik Erixon , director of the European Centre for International Political Economy , a Brussels-based think tank . "  German companies became increasingly skilled at understanding foreign markets and leaning towards foreign markets . Germany has done that in a way which I 'd say is more efficient than what you see in the United Kingdom or France , which are the other two big economies that traditionally have had an outward-oriented vision . " Ahead of the times By the end of the 1990s , businesses from Germany played key roles in countries transitioning to a market economy , according to Erixon . German manufacturers were outsourcing parts of their supply chain to Eastern Europe , and German financial firms provided services to millions of people who were just discovering capitalism . It did n't end on the eastern edge of Europe . Germany turned into one of the world 's largest exporters by going even further east to the emerging Asian markets , especially China and India , according to Irwin Collier , professor of economics at Free University Berlin . "  You have these two huge blocks , huge economies that were starving for investment goods and it just so happens that is where Germany had its comparative advantage -- in the production of investment goods , " Collier said . "  The high Chinese growth rates meant there was enormous demand for German goods . " The goods Collier referred to are mainly vehicles , machinery , pharmaceuticals and electronics . German car manufacturers like BMW , Mercedes and Volkswagen established a particularly strong presence in the Chinese market . Companies like Siemens , BASF  chemicals  , Deutsche Bank  one Europe 's largest banks  , and Allianz  insurance  also became leading global corporations . Promoting skills In addition , thousands of medium-sized companies , often family owned , have been successful internationally and particularly in Asia , according to Anke Hassel , professor of public policy at the Hertie School of Governance in Berlin . Hassel said one of the keys to Germany 's manufacturing success is the country 's unique apprenticeship scheme , in which school leavers spend two to three years training with companies . "  The apprenticeship scheme is very important in particular for manufacturing companies because they train people at mid-level skills in a very specific way , " said Hassel . "  They give them industry and firm-specific skills . " Hassel explained that having relatively highly-skilled workers allows companies to be more flexible with their production process , and continuously improve . But it 's not all rosy . According to Hassel , Germany 's dependence on exports make it very vulnerable . During the 2008-09 financial crisis , the loss of Gross Domestic Product  GDP  Germany experienced was large compare to other countries , and even today fluctuations in the world economy are immediately felt in the German economy . And fluctuations will always happen . Currently , as market demand in China and other emerging markets is slowing down , Germany 's challenge is to rebalance its economy away from an enormously heavy dependence on exports . It needs to increase domestic consumption , which has been relatively weak for decades , otherwise the economic growth it has experienced will not be sustained . In the quarter of a century that has passed since the Berliners tore down that wall , Germany has , no doubt , become an economic superpower . But as Germans know better than anyone , economic realities can change very quickly .	Today , Germany is the world 's fourth largest economy with a low unemployment rate The 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall highlights economic success Collapse of East and West has meant massive growth for Germany in various industries
President Barack Obama has struggled with sagging approval ratings over the last year , but the commander-in-chief 's numbers may have dropped further among active-duty troops . Just 15 % of active-duty servicemembers gave Obama a thumbs up in the annual Military Times survey and more than half -- 55 % -- say they disapprove of Obama 's job as commander-in-chief . The President has struggled to gain the approval of troops throughout his time in office , but these numbers reflect a new low for Obama , who finished his first year in office with a 35 % approval figure and only 4 in 10 disapproving , according to the Military Times survey . The Military Times survey is not scientific and relies on a voluntary response from the publication 's readers . President Obama 's approval rating in the general population is much higher , though still well below 50 percent . In the most recent CNN / ORC poll , he got the approval of 44 % of Americans . The Military Times survey also finds a lower approval rating than other polls of Americans connected with the military . A Washington Post / Kaiser Family Foundation poll of veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan found approval of the President was lower than the general population , but much higher than 15 percent . 32 % of veteran respondents in that April survey said they approved of the job President Obama was doing . For these reasons , the Military Times survey may be more useful to show to show trends . It has been asking the same questions of its readers for ten years . Troop morale has slumped during the Obama administration , falling to 56 % this year from 91 % who were satisfied with their quality of life in 2009 . More than half of American troops believe they are underpaid today . But the publication 's readers are more supportive of the social changes the President has enacted in the military . Support among active-duty troops for allowing gay men and women to serve openly in the military has grown to 60 % three years after "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " was reversed . About 41 % of servicemembers said some combat roles should be off-limits for women . Obama 's unpopularity among Military Times readers comes with sinking support for and trust in both major political parties . Nearly half of the active duty servicemembers surveyed said they believe both the Republican and Democratic parties have become less supportive of military issues . Only about 1 in 10 said the two parties "  have the armed forces ' best interests at heart , " according to the Military Times . The survey revealed another interesting trend in troops ' political identities , revealing that fewer identify as Republicans and more are calling themselves libertarians or independents today . But that has n't stopped them from missing their previous commander-in-chief , President George W. Bush . About two-thirds of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans said Bush was a good commander in chief compared to 42 % for Obama , according to a Washington Post-Kaiser Family Foundation poll in April .	Only 15 % of active-duty troops approve of Obama 's job as commander-in-chief , according to a Military Times survey That 's an all-time low for Obama , who ended 2009 with a 35 % approval rating An all-time high of 60 % of servicemembers support gays serving openly in the military three years after DADT reversed Only 1 in 10 believe Democrats and Republicans have their best interests at heart
Justice Department and FBI representatives have had a front-row seat to the St. Louis County investigation into the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . They 've participated on witness interviews and got full access to grand jury testimony and evidence . But in the coming weeks , when local authorities announce the results of the investigation and a decision by the grand jury on possible charges against the police officer who killed him , do n't expect federal authorities to be standing next to county prosecutor Robert McCulloch . McCulloch has pushed for the federal officials to coordinate the completion of the separate federal civil rights investigation and to make a joint announcement , according to federal and local officials briefed on the discussions . Local officials believe a united front would help reduce the potential for violence on the streets if the grand jury declines to bring charges against officer Darren Wilson . Justice officials have rejected the idea , in part because they believe a joint announcement would undermine their argument that the federal investigation is independent . 5 crucial things about the grand jury investigation State and federal investigations are focused on separate legal statutes , federal officials say . A Justice official says that the department "  has informed the locals that the -LSB- federal -RSB- investigation will conclude when it 's ready not on an artificial timetable . " If , as is widely expected , the St Louis County grand jury declines to bring charges , the Justice Department could announce it will review the state investigation to ensure it was done properly , according to the officials briefed on the matter . Rising tensions between officials Local officials bristle that the federal government could do another review . That 's because the Justice Department and the FBI have sat through almost every interview , or have had access to transcripts from those interviews , according to government officials . The tussle has heightened an already tense situation in discussions among local , state and federal officials . All are concerned about possible violence in the wake of the grand jury 's decision . No one wants the blame . The manner in which the local prosecutor has presented the case is somewhat unusual for St. Louis County . Ferguson on edge as doubts raised over Darren Wilson indictment Usually grand jury proceedings involve a couple of witnesses , but , in this case , there have been many more . And the prosecutor is presenting all evidence to the grand jury , including information that supports the account of Wilson . That 's also unusual . There is some cooperation between the federal and local investigators . The FBI performed some of the forensic tests that the state is using in its case . Trying to heal a community-police rift But as the investigation into the shooting has continued , federal and state officials , along with members of the Missouri congressional delegation , have been working on proposals to try speed reforms to improve a poor relationship between the Ferguson police and the mostly African-American community it is supposed to protect . Among the those efforts is a plan in the works under which Thomas Jackson would step down as Ferguson police chief to make way for the St. Louis County Police Department to assume management of the smaller force , according to government officials briefed on the discussions . CNN 's report on those plans prompted pushback from city officials who already were n't pleased by state and federal officials push for rapid changes . On Wednesday , Attorney General Eric Holder said in remarks at the Washington Ideas Forum : "  I think it 's pretty clear that the need for wholesale change in that department is appropriate . " Last month , the Justice Department publicly released a letter it sent to the Ferguson Police to prohibit city officers from wearing on-the-job wristbands with the words "  I am Darren Wilson . " Justice Department officials have also expressed anger at leaks that they blame on local authorities trying to manage the public perception of the case . Another point of contention could come at the end of the grand jury process , when local officials want to immediately release all evidence that was part of their investigation . If federal officials are still conducting their investigation , they may oppose the release of sensitive information . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests	Local officials want a united front when a grand jury decision is announced Justice Department officials have rejected the idea ; they want to appear independent Officials fear being blamed if violence erupts after the decision is announced A grand jury is deciding whether to bring Officer Darren Wilson to trial in Michael Brown 's death
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Authorities in the landlocked African nation of Niger have arrested 160 suspected Boko Haram militants allegedly involved in deadly attacks near that country 's border with Nigeria , a national police spokesman said Tuesday . The arrests happened over the last two days in Niger 's Diffa region , which borders Nigeria . Those taken into custody include Kaka Bunu , who police spokesman Adil Doro said was "  involved in the recruitment of  Boko Haram  members . " Some of the suspects fled south , only to be arrested while on the run or in "  their hiding places , " said Yakubu Sumana Gawo , the governor of Niger 's Diffa region . Members of the Nigerien police 's anti-terrorism unit are interrogating the suspects , all of them Niger citizens . Cameroon , meanwhile , is holding hundreds of suspected Boko Haram militants in prisons in its Far North Region . Two Cameroon security sources said more than 1,000 alleged terrorists are in custody in the central prison in the town of Maroua . Col. Joseph Nouma , commander of Cameroon 's special military operation targeting terrorists , offered a more conservative number of more than 600 detained . Nouma said his forces squared off Monday with Boko Haram fighters and beat them decisively . The battle in Gnam-Gnam , which is 4 kilometers  2.5 miles  from the Nigerian border , began when Cameroonian soldiers on a reconnaissance mission "  were ambushed by the terrorists , " the Cameroonian colonel said . It ended a few hours later with at least 100 militants and five Cameroonian soldiers dead , according to Nouma . He said Cameroonian troops also seized an armored vehicle , two machine guns and a large amount of ammunition . Even with these mass arrests and reported military victories , though , no one is under the illusion that Boko Haram is finished . The group , whose name translates as "  Western education is sin , " has been waging a yearslong campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law . Boko Haram 's tactics have intensified in recent years , from battling government soldiers to acts disproportionately affecting civilians -- such as raids on villages , mass kidnappings , assassinations , market bombings and attacks on churches and unaffiliated mosques . Much of this violence has taken place in Nigeria . But neighboring countries , such as Cameroon and Chad , have also been hit increasingly hard . Niger became more of a target following its decision to join the regional alliance fighting Boko Haram . The group has been blamed for raids and suicide bombings in recent days in Diffa , which is in the far southeastern part of the country . In response , Niger 's government last Wednesday declared a state of emergency in the region that gives authorities the OK to go house to house in its crackdown on Boko Haram . Cameroon has been battling the terrorist group for longer . The African nation has deployed about 7,000 troops across the Far North Region , where Boko Haram has scaled up attacks over the past year . These include cross-border raids and attempts to take over a Cameroon military base in Kolofata and another in Achigashia , forcing Cameroonian soldiers to retreat and then for the first time use airstrikes against the insurgents . And last month , Boko Haram militants kidnapped 80 people in northern Cameroon , Said Abdulkarim , a journalist for the state broadcaster , told CNN . Journalist Aminu Abubakar reported from Nigeria , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . Journalist Ngala Killian Chimton contributed to this report .	Colonel : 100 Boko Haram , 5 Cameroon soldiers killed in recent fighting Sources : Hundreds of suspected militants being held in Cameroonian prisons Niger has faced more Boko Haram attacks since allying with others fighting the group
Edward Snowden took a job with a firm that provides contractors to the National Security Agency solely to gather evidence about U.S. surveillance programs , the self-avowed leaker told the South China Morning Post Newspaper . "  My position with Booz Allen Hamilton granted me access to lists of machines all over the world the NSA hacked , " the Post quoted him as saying in a story published Monday . "  That is why I accepted that position about three months ago . " 4 options for the U.S. to get Snowden back The documents Snowden has revealed so far -- he claims to have thousands more -- revealed classified details of U.S. programs to monitor domestic telephone traffic , as well as the activities of Internet users overseas . Where could Snowden go next ? He has also said the National Security Agency hacks into major Internet pipelines to intercept millions of communications flowing through them each day . Snowden said he obtained the documents in April , and intends to release more after he has a chance to review them , the newspaper reported . Read Snowden 's interview "  If I have time to go through this information , I would like to make it available to journalists in each country to make their own assessment , independent of my bias , as to whether or not the knowledge of US network operations against their people should be published , " the newspaper quoted him as saying . Opinion : Why Ecuador might shelter Snowden Snowden left Hong Kong on Sunday . The anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks , which is aiding his efforts to find a haven from U.S. espionage charges , said he had traveled to Moscow , but he has not been publicly sighted there , except for an airline passenger who identified a picture of him . He has formally applied for asylum in Ecuador and also is asking for shelter in other nations , including Iceland , a WikiLeaks attorney said Monday . Snowden 's empty plane seat mocks media pack	NSA leaker tells Hong Kong newspaper he took job to find evidence of U.S. surveillance Edward Snowden says he has more documents he wants to release He 's thought to be headed for Ecuador to avoid prosecution on espionage charges
Student protesters pack the streets . Violence surges . Tear gas billows . Opposition leaders and government officials blame each other for the unrest , and both sides show no sign of backing down . No matter who you believe , it 's clear that tensions are running high in Venezuela . The anti-government demonstrations are the biggest threat President Nicolas Maduro has faced since his election last year . And inside and outside the South American country 's borders , there 's a major question many are asking : Could this be the beginning of the end for Venezuela 's socialist government ? Searching for truth in Venezuela The situation does n't look pretty . Inflation topped 56 % last year . Crime rates are high . Goods shortages have left store shelves bare . But the next election is years away , and experts say it 's likely too soon to start ringing the death knell for Hugo Chavez 's revolution just yet . A variety of scenarios could play out in the coming days , depending on the steps authorities and protesters take . And , with so many factors in flux , it 's difficult to guess what 's next . "  Anything can happen now , " said Javier Corrales , a professor of political science at Amherst College . "  This is a real crisis on all fronts . The government has ways to survive ... but at the same time , it can lose this battle . " Here are some possible game-changers to keep an eye on : Government crackdowns on protesters Leopoldo Lopez , the opposition politician accused by the government of inciting violence and leading the recent protests , is behind bars , facing charges of arson and conspiracy . Maduro has vowed to crack down on other opposition leaders like him , calling them fascists and comparing them to a disease that must be cured . He 's defended that approach in national television broadcasts , accusing protesters of violence , vandalism and plotting a slow-motion coup . "  Is capturing these people repression ? Or is it justice ? " Maduro said after airing videos during a national broadcast that he said showed opposition attacks on government buildings . Any ratcheting up of repression could have a major cost for the government , possibly turning supporters at home and abroad against it , said David Smilde , a senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin America . "  In contrast to Venezuela 's serious problem with street crime , for which the government does not traditionally pay a political price , for this kind of repression it will , " Smilde wrote in an analysis of the situation this week . "  At best , it reveals a government that can not control its guns . At worst , it reveals a government that is as violent as its opponents have long claimed . " On the other hand , the government could defuse the situation . "  If the government responds in some way and deals with the situation by relieving some of the distress and trying not to clamp down further , and showing some flexibility and some willingness to engage in some dialogue and moderation , then I think it could weather this period , " said Michael Shifter , president of the Inter-American Dialogue think tank . Support from Chavistas There 's one major reason analysts point to when they say that Venezuela 's socialist government is n't approaching any sort of imminent collapse : Many people in the country are still behind the President . "  Maduro has a lot of support , " said George Ciccariello-Maher , an assistant professor of political science at Drexel University . "  He 's not Chavez , but he 's seen as a relatively faithful representative of what Chavez stood for . " The cornerstone of Chavez 's presidency was the Bolivarian Revolution , his ambitious plan to turn Venezuela into a socialist state . Social "  missions " aimed at eradicating illiteracy , distributing staple foods and providing health care popped up across the country . Chavez was elected and re-elected in large part thanks to support from the country 's poor , who felt marginalized by previous governments . He tapped into their needs and frustrations -- often through confrontations with the Venezuelan elite . Maduro -- who Chavez tapped as his successor before he died -- has taken a similar tack . His narrow election victory last year was closer than supporters had hoped , but he still won . Throngs of Maduro 's dedicated followers still call themselves Chavistas in devotion to the former president . Even though Maduro is nowhere near as charismatic as Chavez , for many , he 's still better than the alternative , Shifter said . "  They perceive that there are parts of the opposition that want to go back to pre-Chavez Venezuela , which basically ignored the concerns of the poor , " Shifter said . "  They do n't want to lose what they think they 've gained . " A key challenge for the opposition is chipping away at Chavistas ' support for the government . If they can win over Chavez loyalists , that could tip the scales . Ciccariello-Maher , who authored "  We Created Chavez : A People 's History of the Venezuelan Revolution , " argues that 's not likely . The revolution , he says , is much bigger than Chavez or Maduro . "  The Chavista government has been in power for more than 14 years and has won a larger number of elections than any other government essentially on earth because they mobilized the poor and have a strong support base among the poor , and also a chunk of the middle class , " Ciccariello-Maher said . "  This support base is not going anywhere , and it 's not going to disintegrate because a relatively small number of students are protesting in relatively middle class areas of the country . " Follow the money For months , major goods shortages have left shelves bare in Venezuelan stores . The government accuses distributors of orchestrating the shortages as part of an "  economic war " to fuel unrest . The opposition says that 's one of many painful examples that show the government 's mishandling of the country 's finances . While the populist platform of sharing Venezuela 's vast oil wealth with the poor and disenfranchised has helped reduce poverty , critics have warned that flawed economic policies -- such as currency controls and expropriation of private companies -- set the country on a crash course toward financial ruin . Despite government efforts to stem inflation with price controls , analysts have said the economic picture looks bleak . It 's no coincidence that tensions are running high while Venezuela faces significant economic problems , experts say . "  This has been sort of a cyclical phenomenon of protests in Venezuela , " Shifter said . "  But I think we 're at a different point in the evolution of a situation , a point where the economic situation is what 's driving what 's happening ... more than anything else , just the shear economic desperation for many people and the shortages and the rising inflation . " And if those problems worsen , it 's not good for the government . "  If Venezuela experiences a serious economic meltdown , the opposition movement could grow , despite not making any efforts to reach beyond its traditional base , " Smilde said . Military might Right now , analysts say the military seems to be squarely behind Maduro . That was n't the case in 2002 , when Chavez was briefly ousted from power by a military coup . "  The military is much more Chavista than it was in 2002 , " Ciccariello-Maher said . But there could come a moment , Corrales said , when the military 's loyalties are challenged . "  If they are asked to be repressive , " he said , "  they will face a difficult choice of whether to comply or not . " Who 's protesting ? The recent protests have highlighted growing discontent with Venezuela 's government , but also rifts within the opposition -- a disparate group of parties that banded together in an attempt to defeat Chavez at the polls and now hope Maduro 's government will fall . Henrique Capriles Radonski , a leading opposition politician who lost his bid for the presidency last year , has been trying to take a more moderate approach and build a broader support base . But Lopez and other opposition leaders have pushed for protests in the streets . A looming question is whether the opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable -- which includes parties with a wide range of ideologies within its ranks -- can stick together for a common political goal . "  Behind the scenes , the opposition is very much cracking , " Ciccariello-Maher said . If more militant members of the opposition attempt a coup , he said , that will only backfire the next time Venezuelans head to the polls . Smilde said he 's seen how much Lopez 's impassioned speeches have fired up crowds . "  This movement is energizing the opposition base in a way they have n't been in eight years , " Smilde said . "  But there seems to be little effort to reach out to disgruntled Chavistas , or broaden the message towards issues of equality and poverty reduction that might mobilize a broader coalition . " The toughest challenge the opposition faces might be keeping up the momentum they 've started . "  It 's very hard to sustain protests . There have been other moments when there have been protests in Venezuela , and they come and they go , " Shifter said . "  If this one goes and sort of dies down , then I think Lopez , his star may fade , and this whole episode may pass . "	Experts say it 's too soon to ring the death knell for Hugo Chavez 's revolution With so many factors in flux , it 's difficult to guess what 's next in Venezuela But there are some possible game-changers to keep an eye on Tensions are running high amid anti-government protests
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Chinese official warned Thursday that Tokyo 's move to "  buy " a disputed island chain in the East China Sea would hurt trade between Asia 's two largest economies . The battle over ownership of the island chain , called Diaoyu by China and Senkaku by Japan , will "  inevitably " have a negative impact on Sino-Japan economic ties , Vice Minister of Commerce Jiang Zengwei said Thursday , state-run Xinhua reported . The islands sit among popular fishing waters and are also believed to be rich in oil resources . Ownership of the chain would allow exclusive commercial rights to the seas surrounding the islands . There are signs the dispute is already hurting Japanese companies . Despite booming auto sales in China , sales of Japanese car brands are down 2 % in China compared to a year ago , according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers . Meanwhile , sales of car brands from other foreign countries , including Germany , the U.S. , South Korea and France , are up 25 % , 19 % , 12 % and 4 % respectively . Luo Lei , deputy secretary-general of China Automobile Dealers Association , said earlier this week that Toyota purchases have fallen 15 % while Mazda sales are down 6 % year over year . Tensions between China and Japan -- the world 's second and third largest economies , respectively -- escalated on Friday as Chinese surveillance vessels entered the disputed area to begin patrols and "  law enforcement , " according to Chinese state-run media . China dispatched the ships after the Japanese government bought several of the islands from a private Japanese owner earlier this week . The Chinese vessels entered Japan 's territorial waters despite warnings from the Japanese Coast Guard , said Shinichi Gega , a spokesman for Japan 's 11th Regional Coast Guard Headquarters . Meanwhile Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda said Tokyo would "  take all possible measures to ensure security " of the islands , located between Okinawa and Taiwan . China is Japan 's largest trading partner . Nearly 20 % of Japanese exports last year were sold to mainland China , compared to 15.3 % exported to the U.S. , according to figures from the Japan External Trade Organization . At a meeting Tuesday , the Japanese government approved the purchase for 2.05 billion yen  $ 26.2 million  the group of small islands from the Kurihara family , a private Japanese owner , according to Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura . China says its claim to the islands goes back hundreds of years . However Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after World War II . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . CNN 's CY Xu contributed to this report	Chinese official warns island dispute will hurt economic relations with Japan Beijing is Tokyo 's largest trading partner , accounting for nearly 20 % of Japanese exports Sales of Japanese automobiles are down , despite booming car purchases in China Control of the disputed islands would allow for commercial rights to the surrounding waters
CNN  -- Peyton Manning will play in a third Super Bowl after guiding the Denver Broncos to a 26-16 win over Tom Brady and the New England Patriots in the AFC Championship game . Super Bowl XLVIII in New Jersey will be the Broncos ' first appearance in the NFL 's championship game in 15 years . The Seattle Seahawks stand between Manning and the Vince Lombardi trophy . Manning will be looking to win a second championship ring , having previously led the Indianapolis Colts to a title in 2006 . "  Well , it 's an exciting feeling , " said the 37-year-old veteran and four-time NFL MVP , who will be looking to lead the Broncos to a third Super Bowl title . "  You do take a moment to realize that we 've done something special here and you certainly want to win one more . "  You have to take time to savor the moment . Being in my 16th season and going to my third Super Bowl I know how hard it is to get there . It is extremely difficult . " The Seahawks will meet the Broncos at MetLife Stadium on February 2 after coming from 10-0 down to beat the San Francisco 49ers 23-17 in the NFC Championship game Sunday . "  We knew we were n't in the lead but that did n't matter , " said Seattle coach Pete Carroll . "  They were going to go out and get it done no matter what it took . " While the Broncos look forward to a seventh Super Bowl appearance , the Seahawks ' only previous appearance in the season finale came in 2005 -- a 25-10 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers .	Denver Broncos beat New England Patriots 26-16 to reach Super Bowl XLVIII Broncos quaterback Peyton Manning set to play in his third championship game Denver will play the Seattle Seahawks at MetLife Stadium on February 2
CNN  -- The mother of a 25-year-old woman killed in a Boston hotel more than a week ago said Friday that she will remain haunted by her daughter 's death for the rest of her life . The mother of Julissa Brisman says she remains haunted by her daughter 's death . "  Our family has been devastated by the loss of our beautiful daughter , Julissa , " Carmen Guzman said in a statement released Friday , which would have been Julissa Brisman 's 26th birthday . "  The feeling of losing my daughter in this way and the pain she must have felt will haunt me for the rest of my life , " Guzman said . "  She wo n't live to see her dreams . We will hold Julissa in our hearts every day . " Philip Markoff , 23 , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , is charged with killing Brisman on April 14 at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Police have said that Brisman , a model from New York , advertised as a masseuse on the online classifieds Web site Craigslist . They say Markoff may have met her through the online site . Prosecutors say Brisman sustained blunt head trauma , and said she was shot three times at close range . One of the bullets passed through her heart , killing her , prosecutors said . Markoff , who was arraigned Tuesday , is being held without bail . His attorney , John Salsberg , told reporters after the hearing that Markoff is "  not guilty of the charges . He has his family 's support . I have not received any document or report or piece of evidence other than what I heard in the courtroom . All I have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything . " A procedural not-guilty plea was entered on Markoff 's behalf , according to Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley . Markoff is also charged in connection with the April 10 robbery of Trisha Leffler , 29 , at a Westin Hotel in Boston . Leffler was robbed of $ 800 in cash and $ 250 in American Express giftcards , according to police reports . She was held at gunpoint and bound , prosecutors said . Megan McAllister , who identified herself as Markoff 's fiancee , maintained his innocence in an e-mail sent to ABC News . McAllister said Markoff "  is the wrong man " and "  was set up . " "  Unfortunately , you were given wrong information as was the public , " she wrote . "  All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly ! " Authorities believe the motive in Brisman 's death was robbery , Conley told reporters . In executing a search warrant at Markoff 's home , police found a firearm , along with restraints and duct tape , he said . Authorities in Boston are working with police in Warwick , Rhode Island , on what could be a related case . On April 16 at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , Warwick Police Chief Col. Stephen McCartney said . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , McCartney said . He said the incident "  may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area " but that had not been determined .	Mother of Craigslist victim Julissa Brisman says family ` devastated ' by loss Philip Markoff , 23 , charged in Brisman 's death Police say Markoff met Brisman on popular online classifieds Web site Markoff 's family , fiance maintains his innocence of charges
CNN  -- As China 's super rich grow ever richer they need new toys to play with . Now , some are betting that superyachts will be the next big thing for those Chinese millionaires wanting to show off their bling . "  There 's no question that Chinese have the appetite and the deep pockets for a thriving yacht culture , " says Traugott Kaminski , China CEO for upmarket yacht firm Sunseeker -- which was one of the first to enter the then almost non-existent market back in 2003 . Now the company says it is about secure a deal worth up to $ 33 million , selling five yachts to a mainland Chinese customer . And with recent figures showing that Asia 's economic giant has over 875,000 millionaires there could plenty more orders to come . There 's certainly ample room for growth . According to figures cited by state media , there are about 1,300 private yachts in China . This compares to 17 million privately owned recreational boats in the United States , the world 's biggest yacht market , according to industry publication International Boating Industry . But where some see China as a yacht-seller 's paradise , others are more cautious . "  In 2010 China only imported about 100 yachts -- that 's not a lot when you consider the country 's wealth and population , " says Bart Kimman , Dutch CEO of Asia Yacht Services , a Hong Kong brokerage firm tailored to the growing Asian market . While Kimman stresses that demand has certainly increased from next to nothing only two years ago , he believes that the Chinese market is still strangled in a net of prohibitions . He argues that modern yachts need modern marinas , with properly trained staff -- "  But who wants to invest millions in a high-tech marina , " he asks , "  only to find out that you have to rebuild the whole thing because of an obscure regulation ? " A 42 % tax on imports of foreign yachts is also proving prohibitive , he says . "  OK , so a rich guy is a rich guy , but if he wants to buy a $ 5 million toy and he 's facing the prospect of paying another $ 2 million in tax ... he 's going to think twice ! " Dr. Keyu Jin is an assistant economics professor at the London School of Economics . She says trailblazing Chinese trend setters will need to take up yachting before it really takes off . "  How do you jump-start a hobby ? " she asks . "  It 's like European wine in China -- in the beginning no one drank it , then a very few people started drinking a particular French brand , now finally there is a big market . It 's a herd mentality . " she says . Jin adds that there are cultural barriers that may delay the yachting revolution . "  While some of China 's rich are happy to spend their money on lavish things , others have a more traditional view about ostentatious displays of wealth , " she says . " ` Big trees attract more wind ' is the old saying , and the Confucian view that the more conspicuous you are the more risks you put yourself into still acts as a sort of restraint for many . " She adds : "  Unlike Brazil -- another emerging market for yachts -- Chinese people do n't like beaches much , they do n't like the sun and they 're not interested in getting a tan . " But Kaminski is fully undeterred . "  Sure , Chinese will use the boat differently to their counterparts in the West , " he says . "  In my dealings there is a greater emphasis on the safety and stability , and our customers prefer a hard-top roof to shield them from the sun . Karaoke rooms are also very popular -- this is all just a matter of different tastes . " According to the Sunseeker CEO , the Chinese market will eventually be bigger than the whole European market put together . "  You can not expect this in five years -- there are still these problems with infrastructure and so on , " he says . "  But once these issues are solved -- which they will be -- then the floodgates will open . "	Some boat makers betting yachting is next big thing for China 's super wealthy China has over 875,000 millionaires Complex legislation and high import taxes could hinder growth of yachting Karaoke rooms popular with Chinese yacht owners , says boat firm CEO
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's mother and four of his siblings announced Monday a tribute concert for the late pop singer to be held in Wales in October , but the lineup for talent is still a secret . Brothers Marlon , Tito and Jackie , sister La Toya and family matriarch Katherine Jackson attended the "  Michael Forever The Tribute Concert " announcement at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Monday morning . But the announcement exposed a major rift among members of the Jackson family , especially with Jackson brothers Jermaine and Randy , who did not attend the news conference . They objected to the show because it 's scheduled to happen during the criminal trial of the doctor accused in Michael Jackson 's death . "  We want to make clear that this does not reflect the position of the entire family , " the two brothers said in a joint statement . "  While we wholeheartedly support the spirit of a tribute that honors our brother , we find it impossible to support an event that is due to take place during the criminal trial surrounding Michael 's death , " they said . While the head of the British company promoting the show , Global Events Live , hinted it could include a Jackson brothers reunion , the statement from Jermaine and Randy Jackson on Monday indicated that would not happen . "  In light of this , we feel it is inappropriate to be involved with such an ill-timed event and its promoter , Global Live , " Randy and Jermaine Jackson said . Their statement said the idea of the October concert was presented to the entire family in April "  as an idea already in its advanced stages . " The decision to go ahead with it "  disrespects opinions and wishes expressed in the strongest terms " by some members of the Jackson family , they said . La Toya Jackson said the "  tribute will be something that 's spectacular " and is "  far , far , well overdue . ' The Jacksons ' mother called it "  a show fit for a king , " "  If my son were here today , he would feel the same way , " Katherine Jackson said . Executors for the late pop singer 's estate were unaware of the planned tribute , estate spokesman Jim Bates told CNN . "  The estate has not been contacted and is not involved with Global Live Events in the UK tribute concert announced today , " he said . The show will "  feature the world 's most amazing music performers , " according to the head of British promoter Global Live . The roster will be revealed online one act at a time over the next two weeks , starting Tuesday , Chris Hunt said . All profits from the show would go to several U.S. and British charities , including a cancer group created by the prince of Wales , Hunt said . The October 8 show , in the Wales Millennium Centre in Cardiff , Wales , would be at least four hours long , Hunt said . The venue will seat up to 75,000 people , he said . "  I know my brother would be very , very proud to see all the artists that he admired and respected so much coming together for this event , " Tito Jackson said . Hunt presented the Jackson family with a $ 100,000 check that will go to a trust fund for Michael Jackson 's three children , which they can access when they turn 21 . The children , Katherine Jackson and unidentified charities are the sole beneficiaries of Jackson 's wealthy estate .	Jackson brothers Jermaine and Randy call the tribute ill-timed The tribute is "  far , far , well overdue , " La Toya Jackson says Jackson 's mother , sister and three brothers made the announcement Jackson estate executors have not authorized the show , a spokesman says
New Delhi  CNN  -- A Danish woman has filed a police complaint saying she was gang-raped and robbed near a train station in the Indian capital of New Delhi on Tuesday night , authorities said . The 51-year-old woman said she lost her way while sightseeing in the city . She asked for directions from some men who accosted her and subsequently robbed and raped her , CNN 's sister network IBN reported . The woman has since returned to Denmark , police said . Before she left , she refused to undergo a medical checkup required to confirm sexual assault , said Alok Kumar , deputy commissioner of New Delhi police . "  She did n't have injuries that required medical attention , " he said , declining to provide further details on the woman 's complaint . Kumar said they arrested two homeless men , ages 22 and 25 , Police recovered an iPod and a phone cable that belonged to the woman . Police also expect a medical report from Danish authorities that will be used as evidence . Three men convicted in gang rape of American tourist in India Denmark 's Ambassador to India , Freddy Svane , said Wednesday that a rape complaint had been filed by a Danish citizen , saying that the woman was receiving the support normally provided in such situations . 4 men sentenced to death in New Delhi gang rape case Violent crimes against women have been in the spotlight in India since a 23-year-old woman was raped and beaten by several men on a bus in December 2012 . The victim later died in a Singapore hospital . The shocking attack provoked outrage across India , leading to calls for improved safety and treatment of women . Since then , the Indian media have intensified their focus on rape cases . Attacks against foreign women have also been reported . Last year , six men were sentenced to life in prison for the rape and robbery of a Swiss woman in central India . The girl whose rape changed a country The Swiss woman and her husband were on a cycling tour across India in March and had set up camp near a forest . A group of men from a local tribe assaulted them , beating the husband and raping the wife . The couple decided to stay in India to pursue charges against the men . Earlier this month , a Polish woman told police that she was abducted at knife point in in Mathura , south of New Delhi , by a taxi driver who later drugged and raped her , according to IBN . The woman said that when she awoke , she was in the Nizamuddin area of New Delhi . Opinion : Victims blamed in India 's rape culture CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Sumnima Udas and Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	NEW : Two arrests made , police say The 51-year-old woman says she was raped near a train station The woman says she was assaulted after she asked for directions , CNN-IBN reports Violent crimes against women are in the spotlight in India after a 2012 gang-rape case
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . CareerBuilder.com  -- Finding a career that allows you to travel is not always an easy task , but if you 're a college grad looking to make an adventure of your gap year , a professional looking for a change of pace or anyone looking for cultural exposure , a job abroad may be the right choice for you . A tourist gets a traditional massage in Thailand . Not all jobs are translatable to international positions without a little extra learning or language proficiency -- and you will need to acquire working permits and other legal documentation -- but here are some jobs that can take you away if you 're up for the move : 1 . Teacher It 's not news that teachers are n't highly paid , but if you 're an instructor in South Dakota , you 're among the lowest-paid in the nation , with an average salary of $ 33,236 , according to a 2003-04 survey by the American Federation of Teachers . Try taking your skills abroad . Learning English is in high demand internationally , and Germany , Switzerland and South Korea are among the countries that pay the largest teacher salaries . South Korea 's median teacher salaries range between $ 25,000 and $ 60,000 , and the country has a positive reputation for providing high income to educators . Salaries in Switzerland range from $ 65,000 to $ 80,000 . An added perk to employment in Germany is that state employees are regarded as permanent workers , meaning that they are paid necessary social insurances . Requirements : A four-year degree in education or a related field , teaching experience and a TESL/TEFL certificate . You will also need an international work visa and work permits , which can be obtained personally or through the school that employs you . 2 . Chef If you are an established chef , international hotels and restaurants may offer the opportunity to build on your career overseas while , in many cases , offering you room and board for a minimum costs . In the United States , the median annual income of a head chef/chef is $ 40,000 , and $ 43,000 if you work as a chef for a hotel . Kingsbrook USA Inc. is one company that works to place chefs in international regions . They reported England 's hotel chef positions as offering # 14000 , or roughly $ 26,730 U.S. dollars per year for Chef deParties . Kingsbrook also reported between $ 32,458 and $ 38,186 per year for Sous Chefs and between $ 38,186 and $ 47,732 per year for Head Chef . Requirements : An associate degree and at least three years of culinary experience . Letters of Reference , transcripts and health records and exams will also be required . 3 . Massage therapist Massage therapists in the United States make a median annual salary of $ 30,000 . But take your expertise to the seas , and you could earn between $ 33,600 and $ 45,600 , according to Cruise Job Line . In addition to changing stationary surroundings , working on cruise lines offers the opportunity to see new people and network beyond the limitations that can be created in a spa environment . The living accommodations may be small , but they save money on housing costs , and cruise lines usually offer full health coverage onboard the ship and within United States territory . Requirements : You 'll need a high school diploma or associate degree , and a certification in massage therapy . Requirements for accreditation vary by state . U.S. citizens pursuing massage therapy for cruise lines also need a passport that is valid for at least three months after the end of the contract . A physical examination , and in some cases , immunization may be required . 4 . Au Pair/Nanny In exchange for caring for your boss ' children and caring out light housekeeping or cooking duties , au pair positions offer a chance to travel abroad with room and board and a living stipend . The job will enable access that tourists are not privy to , but the work should n't be taken lightly . The median annual income for company-employed nannies is $ 29,500 in the United States . An au pair in France can expect to earn between 240 and 250 euro , or an estimated $ 309 to $ 322 per month for a 33-hour week . The pay varies internationally , but the overall perk is the opportunity to afford to see another part of the world . Requirements : A passport , work visa and an international driver 's license . You will also need to acquire medical insurance and undergo health screenings . Agency placement is a better choice for acquiring an au pair position for both safety reasons and to aid with acquiring your work permit . While au pair experience is not necessary , most au pairs have held related positions . 5 . Caterer Catering managers make an average median salary of $ 35,590 in the United States , and while other countries offer this position , the commute from national to international can literally be a matter of taste . Caterers who create a name for themselves in the U.S. industry can earn a trusted reputation and follow clients to overseas events . Rock stars and celebrities may have a variety of different catering companies working for them throughout the United States , but larger acts and A-listers like to have a trusted source to make sure their diet is in line with their requests . Working for one of these companies may put you on tour with the band , and if national gigs go well , you could find yourself overseas for the next tour . Requirements : Chefs and management have culinary training , but staff servers may have little or no experience . To garner a spot on a worldwide tour , a caterer will generally have a lot of experience . Passports are needed for international work . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2007 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority Candace Corner is a writer for CareerBuilder.com .	Recent grads , people ready for a career change can find work abroad Germany , Switzerland and South Korea pay some of the highest teacher salaries
Sea piracy has fallen to its lowest level worldwide since 2008 , as policing by international naval forces has deterred pirates operating in the waters off Somalia , new figures from the piracy watchdog show . The International Maritime Bureau  IMB  said there were 233 actual and attempted attacks on vessels globally in the first nine months of 2012 , compared with 352 in the corresponding period last year . The number of attacks by Somali pirates has fallen dramatically , with 70 attacks by the end of September , down from 199 in the same time frame in 2011 and the lowest number since 2009 , according to the report , which was released on Monday . How to fight piracy Pottengal Mukundan , director of the IMB , said the decline was a reflection of the pre-emptive and disruptive counter-piracy tactics used by international navies , as well as deployment of on-board security measures like armed guards . "  It 's good news that hijackings are down , but there can be no room for complacency ; these waters are still extremely high-risk and the naval presence must be maintained , " he said . The European Union , NATO and a multi-national naval force called Combined Task Force 151 have conducted anti-piracy missions in the Gulf of Aden and off the coast of Somalia since 2009 . "  There is no alternative to their continued presence as long as Somali pirates threaten major trade routes in this region , " Mukundan added . Worldwide , pirates have killed six and taken 448 crew hostage in 2012 , according to the report . It noted piracy had increased in West Africa , off the coasts of Nigeria , Benin and Togo . Pirates hijack Greek-operated tanker off Togo coast Attacks there were often violent and targeted tankers carrying refined oil products that can be easily sold , it added . "  There continues to be a serious problem with under-reporting of attacks in this area , " Mukundan said . "  This may be because of a fear of reprisals or a feeling that little will change as a result . " In Asia , the waters off Indonesia were most prone to pirate attacks , with 51 incidents , up from 30 in 2011 . The report said the attacks were usually opportunistic and targeted ships at anchor .	Worldwide pirate attacks at lowest level since 2008 Decline due to a steep drop in piracy off coast of Somalia Watchdog warns now is not time to be complacent Attacks increase in West Africa and Indonesia
New York  CNN  -- A member of Pedro Hernandez 's family walked into a Camden , New Jersey , police station in the 1980s and reported that Hernandez told relatives and others that he had killed a boy in New York and threw the body near a Dumpster -- but there 's no indication anything came out of that report , the family member told CNN . "  You feel like they did n't believe you . I felt empty and a little bit mad , " the relative said . "  I was expecting something else . " Now , 33 years after Etan Patz disappeared , Pedro Hernandez stands accused of choking to death the 6-year-old youngster after luring him to the basement of a corner grocery store in New York City , and of throwing away his body inside a trash bag . The family member , who CNN has agreed to not identify , said there was no receipt of paperwork to document the information provided -- nor was the relative ever contacted again about the report . "  Police asked whether I was mad " at Hernandez or had an ulterior motive , the source added . Hernandez allegedly confided the information to a New Jersey church prayer group that included some members of his family and his then-spiritual adviser , the source told CNN . Tomas Rivera , a leader of the prayer group , declined comment Monday on Hernandez or the prayer group , citing authorities who told him not to talk to the media . Pastor : Wife of suspect in Etan Patz case ` absolutely shell-shocked ' At 19 , shortly after Patz 's disappearance on May 25 , 1979 , Hernandez left his job as a stock clerk and returned to his mother 's home in North Camden , New Jersey . The attempt to tell police that Hernandez might have killed a child happened a few years after that . CNN has not been able to reach Camden police for comment . "  When he moved home , he was really nervous and shaking all the time , " the family source said of Hernandez . "  He constantly had diarrhea , and he spent a lot of time just looking out the window , " the source added , saying the behavior was out of character for Hernandez . Hernandez also allegedly told his first wife that he had killed a boy , according to the source . CNN has not been able to reach her . The two divorced , and Hernandez has remarried . Neighbors say suspect in Patz killing lived a quiet life with his family Before Hernandez was picked up for questioning last week , the family source was visited by police and asked about any previous confessions from Hernandez about killing someone . Surprised to be contacted after so many years had gone by without hearing anything , the family member asked , "  What took you so long ? " The family member did n't get an answer and does n't know what prompted police to visit . The relative had no explanation for why no other relative spoke up years ago . "  Maybe they did n't want to get involved , " the source said . "  I was n't going to stay quiet . I have a conscience . " The family source said he was surprised on Friday , when Hernandez ' defense attorney announced in court that his client has a long psychiatric history , is on medication for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , and suffers from hallucinations . Attorney Harvey Fishbein said Hernandez -- who was on suicide watch at Bellevue Hospital on Sunday -- has not entered a plea due to a pending psychiatric evaluation . New York police say they tracked down Hernandez after a tipster they wo n't identify contacted police last month . The person came forward after seeing publicity surrounding the FBI 's search of an unrelated basement in Manhattan 's SoHo neighborhood , a half block from Etan Patz ' home . New York police have not responded to a request for comment about the latest development . But in a press conference Thursday , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said no family members or spiritual advisers ever contacted police . It 's not clear whether Kelly was referring to the New York Police Department or any police department . Meanwhile , police have asked New York 's Sanitation Department for trash pickup and dumping records dating back to 1979 , said Vito Turso , a spokesman for the department . "  We said we would search for those handwritten logs , " he said . However , he said , businesses in the area could have hired private companies to haul away their trash , and "  we would have no records of their pickup schedules . " The Patz case was the first of several high-profile cases that catapulted concern about missing children to the forefront of national consciousness . The relative of Hernandez is concerned about what Etan Patz 's parents must be going through . "  At this moment , they must be hoping this is the right guy , and they do n't go through this again , " the source said . "  It 's going to be like a nightmare for them , if it turns out it 's not Hernandez . " "  They must want to know the truth and get this over with , " the relative added . "  At least they will know . "	Pedro Hernandez is accused of choking to death 6-year-old Etan Patz Relative : I reported comments made by Hernandez to police in the 1980s Police in Camden , New Jersey , were not immediately available for comment Attorney : Hernandez has not entered a plea due to a pending psychiatric evaluation
CNN  -- A spokesman for Somalia 's Islamic party , a militant group in the horn of African nation , has confirmed that the group has merged with the brutal and more hard-line group of Al Shabaab . The spokesman , Mohamed Osman Arus , told the local media in a news conference that his group has essentially been absorbed by Al Shabaab . "  We , the Islamic party , have decided to join Al Shabaab both militarily and principally and the reason is , we want to combine our force and fight against the forces of the transitional government and those of the African union , " said Arus . Arus said the group 's leader , Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys , who is on U.N. terror watch list , is among those to have joined Al Shabaab and there will be no Islamic party structure any longer . Members from Al Shabaab are seen to be taking control of all positions previously held by the Islamic party both in and around Mogadishu , according to residents in the capital . Al Shabaab and Hiz bul Islam , as the Islamic party is locally known , have fought bitterly in some parts of southern Somalia . The two groups have struggled for control of the lucrative port city of Kismayo . In all the cycles of fighting , it was the Islamic party or Hiz bul Islam who lost , according to observers . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report	Militant party says it is joining with Al Shabaab The party , known locally as Hiz bul Islam , is being absorbed by harder-lined group The party had been on the losing side in struggles with Al Shabaab
CNN  -- Doctors distributed antibiotics to passengers aboard an Italian cruise ship after four crew members were diagnosed with bacterial meningitis , Italy 's health ministry reported Monday . All four were taken to hospitals in the Italian port of Livorno after the crew of the MSC Orchestra reported the illnesses , the ministry said . More than 2,800 doses of the antibiotics ciprofloxacin and rifampicin were issued for passengers , and the ministry said passengers who have disembarked in the past week should take similar precautions . The 294-meter  965-foot  , 2,500-passenger Orchestra is currently in the French port of Villefranche sur Mer , on the outskirts of Nice , and the ministry said Italian authorities have notified their French counterparts . MSC , the passenger arm of Italy 's Mediterranean Shipping Company , said it was doing "  everything necessary to safeguard the health of its guests and all the crew members . " Meningitis outbreak : Your questions answered The crew members were diagnosed with meningococcal meningitis , which attacks the lining of the brain and the spinal cord . The disease is passed by close contact with respiratory secretions or saliva , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control . "  The strand was found in the crew that worked in the kitchen and that , therefore , they should not have had continuous and close contact with passengers , " the Health Ministry noted . Two of the four cases were identified as Meningitis C . The cases involve a different disease than the outbreak of fungal meningitis now being seen in the United States . Eight people have died after being injected with steroids contaminated by a fungus , the CDC reported Monday . CNN Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Four crew members were diagnosed with meningitis on the MSC Orchestra Doctors distributed antibiotics to passengers and crew as a precaution Cruise line MSC says it 's doing "  everything necessary " to protect them
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- States appear to be taking more action to keep guns out of the hands of people with mental health problems in the wake of the Virginia Tech shootings , new figures show . Mental health problems would prohibit potential buyers from purchasing a gun . Submissions of mentally ill patients ' records to the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System for gun buyers have more than doubled since the massacre in April , the Justice Department announced Thursday . Currently , states are not required to send reports of mental health problems , which would prohibit buyers from purchasing a gun . But after the shootings -- when a student with a history of mental health problems killed 32 people before taking his own life -- the number of submissions to the database grew from 174,863 during the first half of the year to 393,957 from July to November . The number of states submitting the information also grew , from 23 before the Virginia Tech tragedy to 32 after it . The majority of the new records came from California authorities , who submitted more than 200,000 entries , the Justice Department said . Ohio boosted the amount of entries from three in March of this year to 7,845 in November . "  Instant background checks are essential to keeping guns out of the wrong hands , while still protecting the privacy of our citizens , " Attorney General Michael Mukasey said to the National Association of Attorneys General . "  But as we learned in the tragedy at Virginia Tech , the checks must be accurate and complete to be effective . " Virginia Tech shooter Seung-Hui Cho was judged a danger to himself and ordered to get outpatient mental health treatment in 2005 , but there was no indication he followed up . Virginia did not report his name to the FBI system because he had n't been committed to a mental health facility . Cho bought one of the guns he used in the massacre online from an out-of-state dealer , picking it up from a Blacksburg , Virginia , pawn shop after background checks were complete . He bought his other pistol from a Roanoke gun dealer a month before the shooting . Officials say making sure information -- such as mental health records -- that would keep a person from buying a gun is available at a national level ensures that the individual does n't go across state lines to try to make a purchase . Background checks , however , are n't necessary for firearms purchases made at gun shows or from a private seller , which , according to estimates , account for about half of the guns sold in the United States each year . E-mail to a friend	Number of records given to the FBI more than doubles since Virginia Tech massacre The number of states submitting the information also grows Attorney General Mukasey : Checks must be accurate and complete to be effective The majority of the new records come from California
CNN  -- A mini metropolis of teepees sprawls across the parched plains , and in the early hours of the morning the first to rise are the children . They have an important job to do . "  We 'd wake up in those teepees , and we were pretty happy to slip the bridles off the horses and ride bareback to the river , " remembers Jim Real Bird , today a man of 58 . "  We 'd take the horses to the river to drink water -- that was our first job as young boys . " Each August , the rolling hills surrounding Little Big Horn River in Montana are transformed into the "  teepee capital of the world , " with over a thousand tents and hundreds of horses converging for the Crow Fair and Rodeo . Started over a century ago in 1904 , the four-day festival is one of the largest gatherings of Native Americans in the country , with spectacular traditional costumes casting a luminous kaleidoscope of color beneath a brilliant blue sky . It 's also an important training ground for the next generation of rodeo stars . "  It 's one of the largest Indian rodeos within the United States of America , " explained Real Bird , who today teaches youngsters how to hold on for dear life in the arena . "  We 've had quite a few young Indian men that have ridden here , gone into professional rodeo , and become world champions . " Real-life horse whisperers Indeed , if you thought the world of rodeo was simply that of the white cowboy , think again . There is another master of the saddle , one who has honed their horsemanship over hundreds of years . "  American Indians have a special relationship with horses because it was a way of life , " said Jim 's uncle , 78-year-old Robert Old Horn , also of the Crow Nation tribe . "  My family were known for their ability to ride bucking horses . There was a mastery to how they could ride a horse -- it involved timing , balance , " said Old Horn , each word tumbling out slow and deep . Outside the rodeo ring however , there 's another sport taking place at Crow Fair -- and it 's as fast and furious as they come . Indian Relay In the world of Indian Relay fearless jockeys race bareback around an oval track three times , leaping from horse to horse while still in motion . At the end of each lap the rider jumps from their first horse , hits the ground running , then climbs onto the back of their next horse for the following lap . "  It 's more or less carried on from the warrior days of old , when they would go and invade enemy camps and make off with their horses , " said Old Horn , who took part in his first relay when he was just 16 . "  Today , white people might call it stealing . But back at the time it was a mark of bravery and courage to enter the camps , knowing you could meet your end . " The adrenalin-fuelled relay takes place without helmets , saddles , or goggles , and Old Horn is philosophical about the risks . "  There 's a lot of danger in anything you do , " he says evenly . "  But there 's the courage of the participants and the determination to master whatever it is they do . " Colorful Crow As the sun sets , the evening pow wow begins , the sounds of traditional singing and dancing flowing through the campsite . Riders do n't just pack their horse saddles for the annual fair -- they include their dancing outfits and drums too . "  During the day they 'd do the races and rodeos , and then in the evenings they took part in a pow wow , " said Real Bird , about a tradition stretching back 100 years . "  They 'd talk their own language , and they knew the Native American songs . " And once the boisterous nightly celebrations have given way to sleep , the children will be the first to stir in their teepees come the dawn . Photography : Femmes fatales take over Paris racetracks Learn : The forgotten godfathers of back American sport	Over 1,000 teepees , hundreds of horses at Crow Fair Rodeo Annual festival one of largest gatherings of Native Americans Vibrant traditional costumes , singing , dancing in Montana hills Includes adrenalin-fueled feats of horsemanship
A suspect arrested in last week 's deadly shooting at a Catholic church admitted "  involvement in the crime " while in custody , Phoenix Police Chief Daniel V. Garcia said Monday . One priest died in the shooting and another was seriously wounded . The suspect , Gary Michael Moran , was identified through DNA evidence recovered both at the crime scene and from a car stolen from the church , Garcia said at a news conference . Witnesses also came forth with information , he added . Moran , 54 , was arrested late Sunday at a halfway house , Garcia said . He described the suspect as a former felon with a history of violent offenses -- including aggravated assault and burglary -- who was released from prison on April 24 . Since then , Moran had been "  living primarily in the streets and homeless shelters , " Garcia said . In announcing the arrest , the police chief said once the suspect was in custody , Moran "  made admissions to his involvement in the crime " before invoking his rights . In the shooting late Wednesday at Mater Misericordiae  Mother of Mercy  Mission Catholic Church , the Rev. Kenneth Walker was fatally shot and the Rev. Joseph Terra was wounded . Garcia called the attack on the two men a "  senseless act of violence " and a "  vicious , tragic , horrifying " offense . "  The city of Phoenix -- waking up to this horrific crime -- felt an urgency to bring this violent , felony offender to justice . It was something we felt committed to . " said Garcia . Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton echoed this sentiment calling the crime , "  as senseless as it is tragic . " Police said they believed it was a crime of opportunity -- a burglary that went bad . At around 9 p.m. Wednesday , Terra made a 911 call reporting a burglary at the church . According to Garcia , an intruder was discovered first by the 56-year-old Terra and the intruder allegedly attacked him with a metal rod . The suspect also reportedly managed to get a gun that belonged to the priest away from him and use it against him . When Walker , 29 , emerged from his room -- after hearing noises -- the suspect also allegedly shot him with the gun , Garcia said . When officers arrived , they found both priests badly wounded . Terra was able to speak briefly with the officers before being taken for treatment . Walker died on his way to the hospital , according to police . A funeral Mass was held Monday for Walker . The service was attended by the police chief , the mayor and a local city councilman , Michael Nowakowski , as well as Walker 's parishioners and members of the community . At the news conference , the mayor noted that although Walker had not been in Phoenix "  for a long period time , he had already made a lasting impact . His devotion to his church and those in his congregation meant a great deal to many of all faiths across this city . " Nowakowski spoke , saying he believed the priest would want his community to reach out and find ways to help those newly out of prison -- like Moran . "  If Father Walker were here today , he would probably say , "  We need to help and pray for those individuals who are released from jail ... we need to help those individuals change their heart and rehabilitate them . We as a society need to figure out a way to help those men and women who are released from jail go into a transition of hope -- not hopelessness -- and change their ways , somehow , someway . ' " Terra was moved out of intensive care over the weekend and is expected to make a full recovery , according to CNN affiliate KPHO .	Suspect is former felon , recent parolee , says police chief Chief calls shooting that left one priest dead , another wounded , a "  horrific crime " Funeral Mass held Monday for slain priest
Real Simple  -- I live in Chicago , and one of my best friends , Phyllis , lives in San Francisco , so we are n't able to see each other as often as we would like . The times we do get together , we like to live it up , and for us , living it up always involves chowing down . So last January , when Phyllis sent me an e-mail saying she was coming for the weekend , I knew exactly what restaurant I wanted to take her to . It 's called Tom 's Steak House . Most of its customers have been coming for decades ; the waitresses have a good-hearted , cigarette-scented toughness about them ; the steaks are the size of Cook County ; and the salad dressings are served from a twirling "  carousel , " so that you can legitimately play with your food . It 's the kind of place that 's frozen in time , where you just have to order a Rob Roy . After Phyllis arrived , I told her where we were headed that night . "  You 're going to love this place , " I kept saying , and Phyllis , in turn , kept saying , "  Oh boy . " But as the hour approached , a kind of lethargy set in . It was freezing outside , and we were so cozy inside , dressed in comfortable , slouchy clothes , listening to good music , turning on lights against a darkening winter sky . I asked Phyllis if she would mind if we stayed home . "  We can have martinis and I 'll cook , OK ? " I said , and she readily agreed . Real Simple : 5 inspirational friendships What to make ? I wondered . Suddenly I remembered that my neighbor Suzie had given me a recipe , saying , "  I really liked this , and I think you will , too . " It was for a sausage and bean ragout , and when I read the list of ingredients , I thought , Hmm . This does sound good . It 's easy to make and even low-fat . I 'm going to make it ! Then I never did . But now Suzie 's recipe seemed just right for the occasion , even though neither Phyllis nor I , experienced  and good  cooks both , knew exactly what a "  ragout " was . I mixed up some martinis , put a CD on the stereo , cranked up the volume , and tied on my apron . While I browned spicy turkey sausage and onion and garlic , Phyllis sang along with the singer-songwriter Duffy and danced around the dining-room table . It is one thing to see your friend dance around a table when she 's 25 , quite another thing to see her doing it when she 's 62 . I love a 62-year-old woman who does n't shy from thrusting her pelvis out all over the place ; I could n't stop smiling . Real Simple : When friendships go wrong Then Phyllis lowered the volume on the stereo and came to sit down at the kitchen table . "  I need to talk to you about something , " she said . I stopped chopping basil and looked over at her . "  It 's very embarrassing for me , " she said , and I saw tears well in her eyes . Phyllis is an extremely honest person , often quite blunt . For the most part , I truly appreciate that kind of honesty , and so I 'm willing to suffer whatever consequences may come along with it . But I got a little nervous . I stood still , waiting . I thought she was going to criticize me , and I hoped that I could listen with an open mind and heart . Instead , what she said , in a very small , tremulous voice , was "  I do n't think you liked what I gave you for your birthday . " One month earlier , I had celebrated my 60th birthday -- a big one , I think most would agree -- and I had been excited to get Phyllis 's gift . She 's good at coming up with things you never would have thought of for yourself but instantly love . What she gave me was letters I had written her over our many-years-long friendship . She had bound them into a book and then done something to every page -- enhanced it with color , with silver sprinkles of confetti , with little candy hearts , with autumn leaves , with rubber stamps of coffee cups , with cutout ads from vintage magazines , with collages of various sorts . It was a true work of art , a labor-intensive wonder , and I loved everything about it -- except the person I was in most of those letters . Real Simple : How to be a good friend Many of the pages represented a time of life when I was desperate and unhappy ; I had written to her of pain and grief and fear and frustration , because she was my dear friend and I needed to talk to her , if not in person , then on paper . So when I opened the book , I felt as if I had been given tapes from therapy sessions . I felt caught between gratitude and appreciation , and embarrassment and despair . I tried to convey my admiration at the time , but Phyllis would have been completely insensitive not to pick up on my ambivalence , and she is anything but insensitive . So now , with us alone and in our stocking feet in my kitchen , she told me of her own sadness , of how she had told other friends that I had not liked what she had so earnestly and carefully and creatively done . I came over to embrace her , weeping myself . I said , "  It 's not your gift I did n't like -- it was me I was n't so crazy about . " While the ragout simmered on the stove , we talked for some time . Phyllis reminded me that at one point she had offered me my letters back and I had told her I did n't want them , but she decided to go ahead and give them to me anyway -- with the best of intentions . "  I wanted to show you how you had changed , " she said . Real Simple : Break out of your relationship ruts True enough . The person who wrote those letters spent an awful lot of time feeling bad : about herself , about choices she had made , about life in general . That person did not look upon planet earth as a particularly good place to be , and in fact had articulated more than once the wish to be done with it all . The person I am now may have her share of dreary days -- who does n't ? -- but she is routinely dazzled by the truth of a simple equation : Life offers far more good than bad . I had placed the gift in my study , in a place hidden from view but close at hand . I wanted it to be there whenever I was ready to look at it : to accept it as best I could , until I could accept it fully . And some time after my birthday , I found myself paging through Phyllis 's gift . It was n't a fun read , exactly , but I was surprised by what I found . Certainly the letters showed how sad I had been , but they also illustrated that even in those dark days I had a pretty dang good sense of humor and a deep love for many things : my children , nature , art , food , the eccentricities and vulnerabilities of people . Real Simple : Inspiring stories of marriage I told Phyllis that I was sorry for how I had made her feel and that I had n't told her I had come to appreciate the gift . We wiped away tears , forgave each other , and freshened our drinks . Suzie 's recipe was divine . We both kept saying , "  Man , this is sensational , " then smacking our lips and taking more . But the gift Phyllis and I enjoyed that day would never have happened if we had been out in public . We needed to be in our stocking feet , comfortable in the way that being in your best friend 's kitchen makes you be . I know now that the dictionary definition of ragout is "  a richly seasoned stew of meat and vegetables . " For me , it will always suggest another kind of mix : a warm kitchen on a winter 's day , an old friend 's candor and absolute trust , and a new friend 's generosity in giving me a recipe , which is always about more than it seems . That 's because sharing the things that nourish us helps to fill an empty place . Sometimes that place is the stomach . Sometimes it 's the heart . And sometimes , the best times , it 's both . Real Simple : 5 true love stories Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Phyllis reveals to Elizabeth that she does n't think Elizabeth liked her birthday gift Elizabeth says the gift came with gratitude , appreciation , embarrassment and despair "  We wiped away tears , forgave each other , and freshened our drinks "
CNN  -- An airplane baggage screener faces dismissal for leaving a note in a passenger 's bag that said "  Get Your Freak On , Girl " after discovering a vibrator . The Transportation Security Administration "  has initiated action to remove the individual from federal service , " an agency spokesperson said . "  Like all federal employees , this individual is entitled to due process and protected by the Privacy Act . During the removal action process , the employee will not perform any screening duties . " The agency randomly selects checked baggage for screening on flights originating in the United States . Lawyer and writer Jill Filipovic tweeted a picture of the note Monday and later blogged about it on Feministe . "  This is what TSA will do when they inspect a bag you checked and find a , um , ` personal item , ' " she wrote . "  Total violation of privacy , wildly inappropriate and clearly not OK , but I also just died laughing in my hotel room . " The TSA identified and removed the employee from screening operations , the TSA said Wednesday on its blog . After completing an investigation , action was initiated to remove the individual from federal service . "  TSA views the handwritten note to be highly inappropriate and unprofessional and apologizes for this unfortunate incident , " the spokesperson said . "  TSA has zero tolerance for inappropriate behavior by our employees as occurred in this instance . When this is brought to our attention TSA takes swift and appropriate action . " An agency official reached out to Filipovic to apologize personally , the agency said . At this point , though , she said she wishes the story would go away . "  It 's easy to scapegoat one individual here , but the problem with the note is that it 's representative of the bigger privacy intrusions that the U.S. government , through the TSA and other sources , levels every day , " she wrote Wednesday after learning of the employee 's suspension . "  As much as this is a funny and titillating story , when I put the note on Twitter for what I thought was a relatively limited audience , I was hoping it would open up a bigger conversation about privacy rights  or lack thereof  in post-9 / 11 America . It unfortunately has n't done that , and instead has turned into a media circus , " she said . "  The note was inappropriate , the agent in question acted unprofessionally when s/he put in my bag , there should be consequences and I 'm glad the TSA takes these things seriously . But I get no satisfaction in hearing that someone may be in danger of losing their job over this . I would much prefer a look at why ` security ' has been used to justify so many intrusions on our civil liberties , rather than fire a person who made a mistake . "	Baggage screener found vibrator in bag , left note saying "  Get Your Freak On , Girl " Passenger tweeted about note to open "  a bigger conversation about privacy rights " TSA says it has "  zero tolerance for inappropriate behavior , " initiates removal process Woman says she does not want employee to get fired , laments "  media circus "
CNN  -- Dylan Quick overcame a childhood disability and had big plans for the future . But on Tuesday , the 20-year-old student went on a stabbing spree on his Texas college campus , authorities said . By the time campus police took him into custody , 14 people had been injured at Lone Star College . It 's unclear how many of the injured were stabbed and how many suffered other injuries . The campus shut down Tuesday , but will reopen Wednesday . Quick landed in jail . For now , his plans for the future may be in jeopardy . Overcoming obstacles Quick was born deaf and received a cochlear implant at age 7 , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . An article on how he overcame challenges early in life appeared on a Lone Star student blog the first week of April . The implant gave him the ability to hear , but he had to play catch-up to learn how to speak English . His mother homeschooled him and got him involved in Lone Star 's library programs , when he was a teen , according to KPRC . Quick became a voracious reader and developed a close connection with the school northwest of Houston , where he later became a student , the affiliate said . He was planning to finish his associate 's degree there and transfer to the University of Houston to study accounting . The young man dreamed of starting a book club . But Quick had also been harboring a darker dream , police said . Authorities : The rampage was premeditated Quick told investigators he had fantasies of killing people and had been planning the attack for some time , sheriff 's officials said late Tuesday . Quick used "  a razor-type knife " to stab his victims , they added . "  According to the statement the suspect voluntarily gave investigators , he has had fantasies of stabbing people to death since he was in elementary school , " a statement from the Harris County Sheriff 's Office said . Quick has been charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , said Donna Hawkins of the Harris County Prosecutor 's Office . Two of those injured remained hospitalized in critical condition late Tuesday , said Kathryn Klein , a spokeswoman for the Memorial Hermann Texas Trauma Institute . Witnesses described a chaotic scene . Bleeding victims collapsed to the ground . Students and teachers ran for cover . Some sprang into action , chasing after the assailant and helping the wounded . Cassie Foe was in the school 's nursing lab when she heard a scream coming from the hallway . Moments later , the nursing student put her training into action , placing pressure on a wound in a stabbing victim 's neck . "  It just seemed like he was just going around , basically getting whoever was more open and easiest for him to reach , " Foe told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday . Steven Maida said he saw so many people swarming that he thought it was a campus tour . Then , he saw them running and heard someone say , "  My friend 's been stabbed . " Maida said he saw blood on a stairway and several injured victims . "  I just took off downstairs running , " he said . He was looking for the attacker . Maida described joining a group of students who chased the suspect , tackled him and pinned him down until authorities arrived . "  I could n't run the other way like everyone else was , " he said . A bloody spree Harris County Sheriff 's Deputy Thomas Gilliland said authorities received an initial report that the suspect had been wrestled to the ground by a student before campus police arrested him . At least one injured victim had what appeared to be the blade of a box cutter or an X-Acto knife sticking out of her cheek , student Melody Vinton told CNN affiliate KHOU . Vinton said she had just left her chemistry class when she saw the attacker stabbing people , aiming at their necks and faces . Soon , she was trying to help victims , ripping a paper towel dispenser off a bathroom wall to get enough paper to help stem the bleeding . "  I turned around , and there was just blood . Just blood dripping down the stairs , all over the floor , all over everyone 's towels on their necks . Just a lot of blood , " told KHOU . Lockdown The school was on lockdown Tuesday afternoon while authorities combed the campus to ensure no other injured people or attackers were there , Harris County sheriff 's spokesman Alan Bernstein said . While authorities investigated , teachers and students huddled together in locked rooms , said Marianna Sviland , a teacher who was in a faculty workroom at the time of the stabbing . "  Outside the window , I saw cops running around . I saw students running , and I realized something was going on , " she said . "  It was scary . " Four injured victims "  were taken out on helicopters , " Bernstein said . Tuesday 's incident comes more than two months after three people were wounded in a shooting at a different Lone Star College campus -- the North Harris campus in Houston . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Chandler Friedman , Jason Morris , Ed Lavandera , Greg Botelho , Paul Caron , Chuck Johnston , Ashley Fantz and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Dylan Quick , 20 , is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Quick planned to study accounting , KPRC says Affiliate : He had a close relationship with Lone Star College since his teens A group of students chased , tackled and pinned down the suspect , one witness says
London  CNN  -- November is the season for poppies in Britain : Red paper flowers to remember those fallen in war . The tradition dates back to World War I ; the paper blooms -- reminiscent of those that grew over the battlefields of Flanders -- are sold by thousands of volunteers , at train stations , in shops , and in offices . Pinned to the lapels of everyone from the man and woman in the street to news anchors and celebrities , the poppies raise money for the Royal British Legion , a charity which supports serving and former soldiers and their families . Enter the Poppy Hijab : a Muslim head scarf with the iconic poppy print , launched by the Islamic Society of Britain , and sold online by British Future , with the money going to the Poppy Appeal . The hijab was launched to commemorate Khudadad Khan , the first Muslim to receive the Victoria Cross 100 years ago . "  Of the 1.2 million soldiers , Indian soldiers that fought in World War I , 400,000 were Muslim , " Sughar Ahmed President of the Islamic Society of Britain told CNN . "  That really hits home to me . Because that 's part of my heritage . That 's part of who I am . " But wearing a poppy is a sensitive issue for many British Muslims . In 2010 , an extremist Muslim group set the paper flowers on fire in protest at British troops in Afghanistan and Iraq . Their act angered Britons and polarized opinion among many British Muslims . Online , the scarf has received a mixed reception , with some taking to Twitter to mock it as a test of British loyalty . Sughar Ahmed acknowledges the criticism , but reiterates that it 's a choice to buy and wear the scarf , not a test . "  One thing that I think is really intrinsic to this whole debate about the poppy is that we do have a choice , " she says . "  That , for me , is really quite significant -- because that 's what people fought for . For our freedoms . So that we could have a democracy . We could have a choice . In the streets near the East London Mosque , reviews of the poppy hijab were more positive . Asked if she would consider wearing the poppy hijab , one woman in a headscarf with green flowers told CNN : "  Well , I usually wear the poppy . The red one . But a headscarf ? Yeah , as long as it goes with my outfit , why not ? "	Many in Britain wear paper poppies during November to remember war dead Tradition dates back to WWI with money raised supporting former soldiers , families Now a Poppy Hijab has gone on sale to a mixed reception online
CNN  -- When choosing a career , Johnnie To considered becoming a policeman . However more than three decades after accepting a job at a TV station he 's still shooting the Hong Kong underbelly but from behind a camera . "  One thing I 'm really sure about , is that I still would chose the film industry if I had another chance to start all over again , " he told CNN . Police and robbers have appeared in many of his films , with the 54-year-old director tackling numerous genres in his portfolio of over 40 films , mostly shot and made in his native Hong Kong . To is one of the city 's most prolific directors and found acclaim overseas with his 2005 gangster film "  Election " . He admits he has no ambition to be a superstar director , but would work in Hollywood if the opportunity arose , however , it would have to be on his terms . "  Of course , Hollywood is a dream place for everyone working in the film industry . It 's also my dream . But what I really want to achieve is not to pop there once or twice , but to get something out of there . I 'd want to make something that ca n't be made anywhere else but Hollywood -- not just an ordinary film to put on their screen , " he said . Many of To 's characters are uncompromising and straight-talking -- not unlike the director himself . "  I have no patience and I do n't hold back when I think of something . I 'll just say it directly . I do n't give people much time to prepare before a shot . "	Johnnie To is one of Hong Kong 's most prolific directors Found international acclaim with 2005 film "  Election " Has no ambition to be a superstar director but still dreams of working in Hollywood
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A long-running conflict between the Pakistani government and the Supreme Court over old corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari appeared to move close to a resolution Wednesday as the two sides reached agreement on a crucial letter . But the accord left open the question of whether Zardari will ever have to stand trial over the cases . After three years of quarreling , the Supreme Court approved a draft of a letter from the Pakistani government to the Swiss authorities about the corruption cases , said Law and Justice Minister Farooq H. Naek after meeting with the judges . The cases relate to money-laundering charges from the 1990s against Zardari and his late wife , former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . The prime minister at the time , Nawaz Sharif , asked Switzerland to open the cases against his political rivals . When Bhutto was prime minister , Zardari was accused so many times of corruption , stealing from government coffers and accepting kickbacks that Pakistanis derisively labeled him "  Mr. 10 % . " Read more : First drone strike in Pakistan since protest march kills 5 , officials say A Swiss court convicted Zardari and Bhutto of some of the charges in absentia in 2003 . But in 2007 , President Pervez Musharraf granted amnesties to Zardari , Bhutto and hundreds of other politicians . Musharraf 's attorney general , Malik Qayum , wrote a letter to Swiss authorities withdrawing Pakistani involvement in the cases against Zardari . Bhutto was assassinated in December 2007 during a campaign stop . The Pakistani Supreme Court declared the amnesties unconstitutional in 2009 , saying Qayum 's letter was "  unauthorized and illegal . " The court has been pressing the Pakistani government to send a fresh letter to the Swiss authorities asking them to discount Qayum 's request and therefore leaving open the possibility of the cases against Zardari being revived . Earlier this year , the court convicted the prime minister at the time , Yousuf Raza Gilani , of contempt for refusing to send a letter to Switzerland and ousted him from office . Gilani is a member of Zardari 's Pakistan Peoples Party . The government has now drafted the letter after the court began contempt proceedings against Gilani 's successor , Raja Pervez Ashraf . "  This was the first time an honest attempt had been made to draft the letter , " said Justice Asif Saeed Khosa , who headed the bench in the Supreme Court on Wednesday . He called the government 's effort "  praiseworthy . " The Supreme Court said the Law and Justice Ministry had four weeks to translate and send the letter to the Swiss authorities . The court will reconvene on the matter on November 14 . But whether the letter will prompt Swiss authorities to take any action remains unclear . "  Even if the letter is sent , it does not mean the corruption case against Zardari will necessarily be reinitiated , " Babar Sattar a legal expert and lawyer said Wednesday . Naek , the justice minister , was adamant that that there was no threat to Zardari as a result of the letter . "  There is no question of a trial , even in that country , " he said , referring to Switzerland . The judges ' approval of the draft of the letter is "  the best decision for this country , nation and democracy , " Naek said .	Supreme Court justices approve a draft of a letter to Swiss authorities The letter is related to old corruption cases against President Zardari Agreement on the letter brings a long-running dispute near to an end The conflict already brought down a prime minister earlier this year
Travel operators in China have a huge new set of rules to follow now that the country 's first tourism law is in place . Approved in April , the 112-article law came into effect October 1 and aims to promote sustained industry growth . It includes measures to address issues -- mostly in the domestic industry -- such as tourist safety , unfair competition and forced shopping trips , in which agencies offer cheap tours but recoup their costs from commissions in partner shops . A report by state-run media Xinhua claims tour operators in China have hiked their prices as a result . Hong Kong 's Travel Industry Council executive director Joseph Tung Yao-chung told Mingpao , a Chinese-language Hong Kong newspaper , that a total of 250 Chinese tourist groups registered to come to Hong Kong on October 1 , Hong Kong 's National Day , 30 % fewer than last year . However , the hope is that the new law will help the industry regulate itself in the long run . "  Price wars were vicious in the past , while the recent rises are a sort of reasonable return to fair competition , " said Wang Yanqi , director of the Research Center of Leisure Economy of China , in a Xinhua report . The tourism law also includes rules on state development planning . Tour guides and agencies that break the new laws face steep fines of up to RMB 300,000  $ 49,000  . Though the new law deals mainly with domestic tourism , there are sections that cover the rights of outbound travelers in their dealings with Chinese tour companies . Tackling global criticism By 2015 , 100 million Chinese will travel abroad , according to the UN World Tourism Organization . In 2012 , Chinese overtook Americans and Germans as the world 's top tourism spenders , with 83 million people spending a record $ 102 billion on international tourism . Coinciding with all that growth has been a surge in criticism of the way Chinese travelers behave while on the road , and it has n't gone unnoticed in Beijing . Earlier this year , Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang called on his nation 's tourists to improve their manners , stressing the importance of projecting a "  good image of Chinese tourists . " Tourist behavior is even singled out in a couple articles of the new law . Article 14 states : "  Tourists shall observe public order and respect social morality in tourism activities , respect local customs , cultural traditions and religious beliefs , care for tourism resources , protect the ecological environment , and abide by the norms of civilized tourist behaviors . " More : Chinese tourism : The good , the bad and the backlash In September , China 's National Tourism Administration issued an illustrated 64-page "  Guidebook for Civilized Tourism " to instruct citizens on social norms overseas . The booklet covers everything from reminders to say "  please , " "  thank you , " and "  excuse me " to specific cultural items such as one that says "  In Iran , do not talk about babies ' eyes . " "  When we are visiting a foreign place , we 're the guests and have to treat the host with respect , " says the guide . Coming on the tails of globally publicized incident earlier this year when a Chinese tourist was caught defacing a stone sculpture in an ancient Egyptian temple with graffiti , point eight in the first section of the guide reminds visitors to respect historical relics , and "  do not scribble on , climb on or touch them . " Other items remind tourists not to spit in inappropriate places , not to litter and only urinate or defecate in designated places . Other notable inclusions : Photography : "  When taking photos in tourist spots , do not fight and be patient . Do not force the others to take a picture with you , nor obstruct the others when they are photographing . If you would like the others ' to take a picture for you , say thank you . " Toilet use : "  Do not occupy the public toilet for a very long time . Do not leave footprints on the toilet seats and flush after use . " Queue jumping : "  Respect order in public . Jumping the line is not acceptable anywhere . " On tipping : "  Service industries in a lot of countries honor tipping . If you think the service is good , please tip accordingly . " At the buffet table : "  When you 're at a buffet dinner , only take what you can consume . Do not waste food . " Taking in a show : "  Respect the performers . Clap after the show to show your gratitude to the performers . During curtain call , join the crowd for a standing ovation . If a performer slips up on stage , be understanding but do not cheer , whistle and jeer . " Cultural considerations Another section of the guide covers items such as proper airplane etiquette and how to check into a hotel , while part three deals with specific cultural situations . In the UK : "  Do not greet the others by asking them questions like ` Where are you going ? ' or ` Have you eaten yet ? ' as you would in China . " In Korea : "  Do n't pick up your chopsticks before your senior . And face sideways when drinking alcoholic beverages . " In Italy : "  Do not give someone a handkerchief in Italy . It is considered an omen for wiping tears when you lose someone . " In Spain : "  Ladies should wear earrings when going out . Otherwise , it is the same as going out naked . " More : Vice premier to Chinese tourists : Be nice !	China 's first tourism law came into effect October 1 Law covers tourist safety , unfair competition , price hikes and forced goods purchases Guidebook released in September aims to educate Chinese tourists on overseas etiquette
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least three people were killed in one of three attacks in Afghanistan Thursday morning , officials said . The deadly attack occurred in Paktia province near a police station , said Azad Gull , a district governor . Four suicide bombers attacked the police station and one was able to get inside and detonate his explosives , Gull said . Three police officers were killed in the attack and two were injured , Gull said . A Taliban spokesman said his organization was responsible of the attack . "  We  have killed many local policemen during the attack on a local police center , " said Zabiullah Mojahed , the spokesman . Police were able to shoot and kill one of the attackers before he could detonate his bomb and the other two attackers were unaccounted for , Gull said . Two women were injured when a suicide bomber detonated his explosives in an area of Kandahar Thursday , police said . Also three police officers and a civilian were wounded after a truck exploded near a district governor 's office in southeast Kabul .	The deadliest of the attacks occurs in Paktia province Along with the deaths , that attack injured two police officers The Taliban claims responsibility for that attack
Washington  CNN  -- Turns out the "  gotcha " moment in Thursday 's New Hampshire debate was n't so clear cut . Republican Scott Brown , who is vying for Sen. Jeanne Shaheen 's seat , appeared to botch a question on New Hampshire geography during the final debate in the contentious race . But after some post-debate map-checking , the former senator from Massachusetts , who moved back to New Hampshire after losing his Senate seat in 2013 , actually got an apology from the reporter who questioned the candidate 's familiarity with state geography . So did Brown get it right and WMUR 's James Pindell got it wrong ? Turns out , both were partly right . Poll : Dead heat in New Hampshire Senate race First , the incident : Pindell , one of the state 's top political reporters , had his sights set on Brown 's relative lack of in-state credentials and asked Brown to talk specifically about economic conditions in Sullivan County -- one of 10 counties in the state . Brown did n't get into the specifics of Sullivan County , but talked about the economic conditions "  up North . " "  We 're talking about Sullivan County , and I think you were talking about the north country , " Pindell interjected , referring to the northern tier of the state that does n't include Sullivan County . "  I 'm talking about any place past Concord , actually , " Brown retorted . Pindell stuck to his line , explaining that Sullivan County is "  west of Concord , it 's not north of Concord , Sen. Brown . " That changed after the debate when Pindell apologized on air and said "  Scott Brown was right , I was wrong . " Now , the fact check : Most of Sullivan County is in fact north of the capital city of Concord , but Sullivan County is also further west of the city than it is north . And a sliver of the county is even south of Concord , according to several maps . So in truth , the vast majority Sullivan County is northwest of Concord , and even Brown conceded in a post-debate press conference that he "  should have been more specific . " "  I 've visited every county and I 'm going to continue to take that message of independence to every county , " he said . The nuance did n't keep Shaheen 's campaign from pouncing on the opportunity to highlight Brown 's outsider status . Shaheen 's campaign even announced after the debate that she would head to Sullivan County on Friday .	Scott Brown appeared to botch a question on New Hampshire geography in the final Senate debate But it 's not so clear he did , and the reporter who asked the question even apologized Most of Sullivan County is north of Concord , but it 's further west of the capital city
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The BBC is refusing to broadcast a plea from leading British charities for aid to Gaza , saying the ad would compromise the public broadcaster 's appearance of impartiality . Demonstrators protest at the BBC 's central London offices Saturday against the broadcaster 's decision . The decision prompted weekend protests in England and Scotland , with one group saying Sunday that 100 people had occupied the foyer of the BBC building in Glasgow , Scotland and would not leave until the BBC runs the ad . The Disasters Emergency Committee , which includes the British Red Cross , Oxfam , Save the Children and 10 other charities , plans to launch the ad on Monday . British broadcasters , led by the BBC , originally declined to air the appeal -- but in the face of criticism from government ministers and others , ITV , Channel 4 and Channel 5 changed their minds . CNN was not approached to broadcast the ad , a DEC spokesman said . About 5,000 people demonstrated in front of the BBC 's Broadcasting House in central London on Saturday over the broadcaster 's stance . Seven people were arrested . Watch protest against BBC decision " In Glasgow , the London-based Stop the War Coalition said Sunday its supporters had moved into the foyer of the BBC building in what the group described as a peaceful protest . The group did not plan to move beyond the foyer but intended to stay there until the BBC changes its decision , said Keith Boyd , a coalition member who called CNN on Sunday . "  Primarily we are asking that the ad be shown , " Boyd said . The BBC press office would not confirm whether its Glasgow office was being occupied or if protesters were even there . "  We do n't comment on individual demonstrations , " a statement from the BBC press office said . The BBC is standing by its decision to not air the ad , director general Mark Thompson wrote in a blog post on the corporation 's Web site . "  We concluded that we could not broadcast a free-standing appeal , no matter how carefully constructed , without running the risk of reducing public confidence in the BBC 's impartiality in its wider coverage of the story , " he wrote Saturday . "  Inevitably an appeal would use pictures which are the same or similar to those we would be using in our news programs but would do so with the objective of encouraging public donations . The danger for the BBC is that this could be interpreted as taking a political stance on an ongoing story , " Thompson said . "  Gaza remains a major ongoing news story , in which humanitarian issues -- the suffering and distress of civilians and combatants on both sides of the conflict , the debate about who is responsible for causing it and what should be done about it -- are both at the heart of the story and contentious , " he added . The BBC , which is funded by an obligatory license fee paid by every British household with a television , is required by its charter to be impartial . It does not carry commercial advertising but does broadcast charity appeals . The DEC is "  disappointed that the BBC declined to support the Gaza appeal , " the spokesman told CNN . "  It might limit the reach of our key message to the general public . " The spokesman , who asked not to be named , said the BBC had to make its own decision about impartiality . "  That is a decision they must make . We have no view on that subject , " he said . Many readers of Thompson 's blog post did have a view , however . The statement got hundreds of comments , most of them critical of the BBC . A commenter who signed in as "  bully -- baiter " said the BBC was taking a side , no matter what it did . "  Sorry Mr. Thompson but you can not have it both ways . If deciding to accede to the DEC request would be seen as political then deciding not to accede to it is also political . Do n't insult me with your disingenuous attempts to suggest it is otherwise , " the commenter wrote . Other commenters simply rejected Thompson 's position out of hand . "  I think the reasons for blocking help for a grave humanitarian disaster are simply astounding , " "  brit -- proud " wrote . "  How can simply bringing food , medicines and homes to hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians be seen as political impartiality ? How stupid do the BBC think the British public are ? " But the corporation had its defenders as well . "  The last thing I want to do , is fund the BBC to broadcast propaganda , " "  SternG " wrote : "  There 's no way I will pay the BBC to air the DEC 's politically-motivated ` appeal ' for Gaza . Gaza is run by a government which is internationally recognized as a terrorist group , including by the EU . There is no doubt that some aid/fund will be ` procured ' by Hamas . ... Good decision BBC . " British broadcasters have refused to air some previous DEC appeals , the umbrella organization 's spokesman said . A planned 2006 appeal for aid to victims of the war in Lebanon was scrapped because "  there were genuine concerns , shared by the aid agencies , about the deliverability of aid . " Thompson cited doubts about whether DEC members could get aid to Gaza as a secondary reason for declining to take the ad .	NEW : Protesters occupy part of BBC building in Scotland , group says U.K. charity group Disasters Emergency Committee to launch appeal for Gaza aid BBC refuses to broadcast ad , says would compromise appearance of impartiality BBC , funded by obligatory license fee , is required by charter to be impartial
CNN  -- Five people , including the daughter of the Qatari culture minister , were ordered detained as authorities investigate a fire that killed 19 people at a Doha , Qatar , shopping mall , the state-run Qatar News Agency reported . Thirteen of those who died in the Monday blaze were children in a nursery at the upscale Villaggio shopping mall . Those detained at the order of the attorney general include the owner of the mall ; the owner of the nursery ; the mall 's director and deputy director ; and the mall 's assistant director , the news agency reported Tuesday . The nursery 's owner is the daughter of Minister of Culture Iman Al Qawwari . The mall 's security director and the official in charge of issuing licenses were among those summoned by the attorney general , QNA reported . The government has set up a committee to investigate "  the causes and circumstances " of the blaze , QNA said Monday night . It is also investigating complaints that sprinklers and alarms were n't working at the mall when the blaze broke out . Mall fire : "  Accident waiting to happen ? " Christine Wigton , an American living in Doha , told CNN she heard "  a buzzer , not very loud " as she walked into the mall , but heard no loud alarms as smoke built up inside . Elementary school-age children were eating at some of the restaurants and no one was trying to escape , she said . "  There were no sprinklers , and there was nothing that would tell somebody that something was wrong , " she said . Built in 2006 , the mall advertises itself as "  the newest and the largest entertainment center in Doha . " The Venice-themed complex features gondola rides down an indoor canal , an artificial sky , a 13-screen movie theater , a theme park , skating rink and a bowling alley . Qatar 's Interior Minister Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nasser Bin Khalifa Al Thani , said earlier the civil defense office reviews safety standards for commercial buildings before they grant a license . "  The investigation will clarify all the circumstances of the incident and find out the shortcomings and question those who are responsible in order to tackle the matter in the future , " he said in remarks carried by QNA . Several of the dead were from Qatar 's expatriate community . The mall 's website on Wednesday showed a picture of a black ribbon . "  We offer our deepest condolences to all the families of the victims and martyrs on duty who lost their lives in the fire , " the site says . "  May the departed souls rest in peace and may almighty Allah give fortitude to the bereaved families to bear this irreparable loss . "	The mall 's owner and the owner of the nursery are among those detained 19 people died in the Monday blaze at the Villaggio shopping mall in Doha 13 of the dead were children in the mall 's nursery
CNN  -- TIME magazine 's cover story , which hit the newsstand Thursday , argues that Latino voters will cast the deciding vote in the upcoming election . After watching the Republican candidates lock the kryptonite that is the immigration issue around their necks during the Arizona debate , my bet is that President Barack Obama could win another term -- even if he loses key swing states such as Florida , Iowa , New Hampshire , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Wisconsin -- but he must make sure he accomplishes one thing first : Connect with Latinos . Republicans have not connected with Hispanics ; the candidates ' approaches to immigration are not compelling and lack substance , from talk of double 30-foot electrified fences to anchor babies and self-deportation . In fact , it could very well be that the 20 Arizona Latino voters on the cover of TIME and half a million more will turn out to vote in Arizona and flip the state to Obama . Obama comes into the election with 196 electoral votes from safe Democratic states . If he takes Arizona and if Hispanic voters help him flip Missouri , which McCain won by fewer than 4,000 votes , and help him retain Colorado , Indiana , Michigan , Nevada , New Mexico and North Carolina , then Obama wins with 279 electoral votes , nine more than the 270 needed . If he can retain Ohio , Pennsylvania , Virginia or Wisconsin , also populated with many Latino swing voters , then he could win in a landslide . It is clear , then , that connecting with Latino voters could very well be a tipping point for the president ; the question is how to make that connection . In his book "  The Political Brain : The Role of Emotion in Deciding the Fate of the Nation , " Drew Westen convincingly argues that "  people vote for the candidate who elicits the right feelings , not the candidate who presents the best arguments . " Beyond the shared concern for economic growth , jobs , education and health care , Latinos are focused on immigration because the majority of the undocumented workers living here are from Latin America . This is an issue that resonates at a deeply emotional level with Latinos , whether they are descendants of Spanish colonists or a recently arrived Mexican sleeping on a cousin 's couch . Thus to really , deeply connect with Hispanic voters , any candidate needs to address the immigration issue by supporting comprehensive immigration reform and the Dream Act , which would provide a path to citizenship for those who earn a college degree or serve two years in the military . This is a vital first step to earning the trust of Hispanic voters , who understand that the country needs strong border security but also know that we need a fair way to deal with the nearly 10 million economic refugees who are working in this country and contributing to our society . It 's a matter of respect . So how does Obama -- who has a dubious record himself on immigration -- win the Latino vote ? First he wins the ground war in the battleground states , which is door-to-door combat . Next he outspends Republicans in Spanish-language media , just like he did John McCain in 2008 , by five to one . It 's no coincidence that on Tuesday , Obama did an interview with L.A.-based "  Piolin , " the most influential Spanish-language radio personality in the country . The president reassured Latinos that he is strongly committed to passing comprehensive immigration reform and lambasted the Republican Party for its extreme views and intransigence on the issue . Hispanics want to feel they are voting for an authentic leader . Hispanics do n't have to agree with every position Obama takes , but they must believe in and identify with his worldview . He needs to explain that the Democratic Party is a welcoming place for Hispanics , that his world view of America is that of a caring , responsible , family and that his political ideals are based on empathy and fairness . Getting these ideas across to Latinos is vital to securing their votes . Once Obama has established a deep emotional connection with Latinos , he can connect directly to the heart of Latino voters with three simple messages : 1 . The economy and jobs . Under Obama 's leadership , an economy that was losing 500,000 jobs a month in the final months of 2008 is now gaining more than 200,000 jobs per month . His policies are working ; they just need more time . 2 . Health care . Despite unanimous opposition from Republicans , Obama fulfilled his promise of making health care available to all Americans . Now 32 million more Americans -- including Hispanics -- will be able to afford insurance for the first time . 3 . Education . The president doubled the government 's investment in scholarships and financial aid , making college more affordable to millions of Americans . Now students from working-class Hispanic families can go to college and get good jobs . On the contrary , Republicans may blow hard about their understanding and affection for Hispanics , munching on burritos in the barrio on the campaign trail , but the evidence of authenticity of leadership and the strong record crucial to the Latino vote are just not there . The refusal of all the GOP candidates to really look at immigration and offer a plan -- despite the glad-handing and tepid avowals of commitment -- makes it clear that the GOP just does n't have the deep connection with Latinos necessary to pull off a win in November . Join the conversation at Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Garcia .	Charles Garcia : Republicans ' stance on immigration gives Obama opportunity He says the president needs to establish an emotional connection with Latinos Obama can point to health care , improving economy , greater scholarship money , he says Garcia : If Latinos go strongly for Obama , he could win in a landslide
CNN  -- In the empty towns surrounding the ravaged Fukushima Daiichi power plant , piles of radioactive dirt serve as monuments to the difficulty of cleaning up the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl . While the physics and engineering that go into a nuclear power plant may be sophisticated , undoing the damage left behind by the Fukushima Daiichi meltdowns is largely a brute-force affair that relies on shovels , fire hoses and bulldozers . "  It 's pretty simple stuff , at least early in the process , " said Kathryn Higley , an Oregon State University professor who studies the effect of radiation on the environment . "  They seem very low-tech , but low-tech works reasonably well . " Sunday , Japan marks a year since the historic earthquake that killed nearly 16,000 people in the country 's northeast . The tsunami generated by the quake flooded the Fukushima Daiichi plant , triggering meltdowns in its three operating reactors . While no deaths have been attributed to the nuclear disaster , more than 100,000 people remain displaced from the towns where its long-lived fallout settled . Unlike Chernobyl , where the former Soviet Union abandoned a 30-kilometer  19-mile  radius around the plant following that 1986 disaster , Japan 's government says it will reclaim the stricken area . Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda says more than 1 trillion yen  $ 12 billion  has been budgeted for the reclamation effort , and they hope to begin allowing some of the residents to return home by April . Nearly 60 % of that money has already been committed , including $ 3.4 billion to compensate affected residents . But the decontamination effort is expected to take another two years , and what it can do to make the worst-hit towns habitable again remains to be seen , Noda spokesman Noriyuki Shikata told CNN . "  We are putting our priority to the areas where we have a realistic prospect of having residents return , " Shikata said . Ultimately , Japan has set a goal for cleaning up all areas where radiation levels are 1 millisievert over normal background , based on an estimate of eight hours a day spent outdoors . That 's 104 towns , some in which work has already begun . The government expects to have more than 30,000 people involved in the cleanup effort by April . The work so far focuses on areas where annual doses of radiation are between 20 and 50 millisieverts a year -- seven to 16 times the typical amount a resident of an industrialized country receives in a year , but below the threshold for an increased risk of cancer . Most of those are outside the 20-kilometer exclusion zone drawn around the plant in the early days of the disaster . Monitoring posts in the towns closest to the plant , such as Namie , Futaba and Okuma , report radiation levels many times higher . At some points , annual radiation doses run five to 10 times what 's allowed for nuclear plant workers . For residents of those towns , which were battered by the earthquake before the meltdowns occurred , the frustration levels remain elevated as well . "  I have to accept this because an earthquake and tsunami are natural disasters , " Namie town councilman Bunsai Watanabe said . "  But a nuclear accident is a man-made disaster . The government decides the policy and the operator caused this accident . " Places like Namie remain largely frozen in time a year after the disaster , untouched by the rebuilding boom seen in other parts of Japan . The stillness is broken only by the occasional foray by people like Watanabe , who are periodically allowed back in to check on their properties , and by animals such as dogs and cattle that now roam freely around the former farm towns . Shikata said the government is still studying how to clean up areas where the annual dose tops 50 millisieverts , the standard international limit for nuclear industry workers -- "  a difficult area to realize returns , " he said . The bulk of the reclamation effort so far involves scraping away the top 2 inches of soil in the contaminated areas , with particular focus on clearing grounds of public facilities like hospitals and schools . Higley and her colleagues have been studying how contaminants spread through the soil and get absorbed into plants -- a major concern in the largely agricultural area around the plant . Studies conducted since Chernobyl have shown that the ammonium nitrate in common fertilizer or the addition of potassium slows that process , while natural processes drive radioactive particles into the ground , she said . Vacuuming , sandblasting , painting and stripping surfaces and hosing down roads and walls are "  consistently effective " decontamination techniques in urbanized areas , a 2007 review by the U.S. government 's Idaho National Laboratory found . But Jan Vande Putte , a radiation expert with the anti-nuclear environmental group Greenpeace , said the government in Tokyo has made a mistake by concentrating on the abandoned towns around the plant . "  They created expectations with population that was evacuated that they would be able to return in a reasonable time , " Vande Putte said . "  Now it 's become more and more clear , and is very frustrating to those people , that they will not be able to return soon or may never be able to return at all . " Meanwhile , he said , local authorities are struggling to clean up "  hot spots " in still-inhabited areas like the city of Fukushima , well outside the exclusion zone . "  We see that some parts have been decontaminated -- for instance , the soil has been removed and new soil has been put down , " he said . "  In those areas , radiation levels have dropped . But on the concrete and asphalt , it is a very sticky problem . " Shikata said the government is responding to the demands of its people who wish to go home . "  We wish to respect their intentions , their wish to go back to their homes , " he said . "  Of course , as I explained to you , we are carrying out massive decontamination efforts . I do n't really get the point that you can disregard the wish and will of those residents . " But Shikata said the government is still trying to figure out where to put the contaminated soil and debris that has piled up during the effort . An October report by the International Atomic Energy Agency estimated that material could be as much as 29 million cubic meters , roughly enough to fill the landmark Tokyo Dome two dozen times . And even when annual radiation levels can be cut below the 20 millisieverts the government says is safe -- itself a measure that has been the subject of debate -- former residents may be reluctant to come home . "  It 's a little bit of a chicken and an egg , " Higley said . "  People do n't want to be the pioneers , if you will , to go in where there 's no supporting infrastructure . So if you 're a family and you 're told the place is clean , but there 's no school open , are you going to move your family back into that area ? How are you going to encourage them to come back so that you really do have a functioning town again ? " CNN 's Kyung Lah in Tokyo and Tomas Etzler in Namie , Japan , contributed to this report .	Decontaminating towns around Fukushima Daiichi is a largely low-tech affair The work has focused on areas with a "  realistic prospect " of people returning Japan has pledged about $ 12 billion to the effort over the next two years Radioactive "  hot spots " linger beyond the exclusion zone
CNN  -- In a spacious , sunlit apartment on the outskirts of Potsdam , Germany , eight roommates between the ages of 80 and 100 share a kitchen , a living room -- and 24-hour nursing care . Though all tenants suffer from dementia , these seniors are n't whiling away in a nursing home . In the open living area , complete with a flat-screen TV and photos of grandchildren on the wall , an elderly tenant draws , another arranges a flower bouquet , and a third runs a vacuum cleaner repeatedly over the same spot . "  It will never get clean , " says Birgitta Neumann , 56 , the founder and coordinator of the shared living arrangement , stepping over the vacuum cleaner cord snaking across the hallway . "  But it does n't matter . " As part of a growing trend in Germany , what really matters is that elderly citizens stay out of institutionalized care . While graying populations affect Europe as a whole , Germany has one of the highest percentages of residents aged 65 or older in the world . A projected 4.5 million citizens -- most of them seniors -- will require costly long-term care by 2050 , according to Federal Statistical Office data . In a recent public health insurance survey , however , about 82 % of Germans say they do not want to grow old in a nursing home . In response , as of January 2013 , a new law provides seniors with a maximum grant of $ 10,000  $ 13,300  to establish a community apartment as well as a monthly subsidy of $ 200  $ 266  per tenant . "  Since 2005 , the number of people requiring long-term care has been rising , but the percentage of those living in nursing homes is decreasing , " says Heinz Rothgang , a professor at the University of Bremen 's Centre for Social Policy Research . "  Nursing homes are total institutions where patients lose their rights , but in alternative settings you can live in a familiar environment and your life is more meaningful . " While the first shared apartment for seniors appeared as a novelty in the mid-1990s , a recent boom means that almost 2,000 senior residents live in shared housing arrangements in Berlin alone , according to a Journal of Clinical Nursing study . And as the generation that witnessed the social revolutions of the 1960s grows older , the trend is gaining momentum . "  The image of aging is changing , " says Henning Scherf , a sprightly septuagenarian and former mayor of the northern German city of Bremen . "  In the past it had to do with frailty and black clothes . Now there is everything , from traditional people to those who want to do things differently . " For more than two decades , Scherf , 74 , and his wife have been sharing a large townhouse in the center of Bremen with seven other roommates between the ages of 17 and 79 . While some of the tenants have changed over the years , the household now includes a couple of teachers , a retired priest , an engineer , a doctor and a student . "  The beauty of our home is that it 's so colorful and different , " says Scherf , author of "  Gray is Colorful , " an autobiographical account of aging . "  We are a family through choice . " When it comes to choosing alternative housing arrangements in Germany , shared apartments are n't the only option . Across the country , multi-generational homes combine assisted living apartments for seniors with nursery schools and allow elderly tenants to remain in the neighborhoods they grew up in . "  We have n't built a nursing home in 10 years and we do n't plan on building any , " says Alexander Künzel , chief executive of the Bremer Heimstiftung , a foundation providing long-term care services . Instead , the foundation offers multigenerational residential buildings such as the Haus im Viertel , or House in the Neighborhood , where seniors can rent one of 85 apartments with round-the-clock assistance and a nursery school next door . "  There is an African saying that goes ` You need a whole village to raise a child , ' " Künzel says as children from the nursery school at the Haus im Viertel pour into the yard for recess . "  But I say that you need a whole neighborhood for an elderly person to live . " For Edith Teeg , 88 , who moved into one of the apartments at the multigenerational home over a year ago , maintaining her freedom is crucial . She has since joined a theater group , takes a language class , and goes to the gym . "  I am completely independent , " Teeg says . "  Here I am my own master . " Back at the shared apartment in Potsdam , the rigors of life in a nursing home are also nowhere to be seen . The elderly tenants are free to go to bed and get up when they choose . Relatives and grandchildren often spend the night in the apartment 's guest room . Most of all , the residents keep busy and feel useful helping out with household chores or working on art projects . As lunchtime approaches , the day-time nurse prepares a dish of sweet-and-sour eggs , a reminder of childhood cuisine many of her patients are familiar with . The tenants shuffle over to the dining room table . "  It 's all very normal here , " says Neumann , who oversees the daily running of the apartment . "  Just like at home . "	Eight German citizens aged between 80 and 100 share an apartment together A growing trend in Germany is for elderly citizens to avoid institutionalized care Germany has one of highest percentages of residents aged over 65 New law provides seniors with up to $ 13,300 to establish community apartment
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- About 220 Zimbabweans congregated outside the U.S. Embassy in Harare on Thursday , seeking refuge from election-related violence , embassy spokesman Mark Weinberg said . People seeking refuge sit on a curb and sidewalk outside the U.S. Embassy in Harare on Thursday . By evening , embassy officials were moving "  most of the women and children into safe houses , " and were trying to get water and blankets for the growing crowd , Weinberg said . Some of the refuge-seekers , identifying themselves as supporters of the opposition party Movement for Democratic Change , said militia members supporting President Robert Mugabe 's party destroyed their homes or were hunting them because of their affiliation , according to a journalist at the scene . CNN is not identifying the reporter for security reasons . The journalist said the refuge-seekers , some holding their possessions , sat outside the building Thursday afternoon , waiting to be addressed by a U.S. Embassy official . A few of the people had bandaged wounds , according to the reporter . "  The people I can see right now look very miserable , dejected , confused , " the reporter said . Watch the refuge-seekers wait outside the embassy " The MDC has said its members were targeted by supporters of Mugabe during the weeks surrounding March 's presidential election and last week 's runoff . MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai withdrew from the June 27 runoff , citing violence , intimidation and allegations of vote-rigging . That left Mugabe as the only runoff candidate , allowing him to claim re-election . Tsvangirai himself fled to South Africa for a short time in March during the campaign season , saying he feared for his safety . He also sought refuge in the Dutch Embassy in Harare on June 22 , shortly after announcing he was withdrawing from the runoff . He returned to his Harare home this week , a Dutch Foreign Ministry spokesman said . Several Western nations denounced the violence and declared Mugabe 's runoff victory illegitimate . Reports of violence have continued after the runoff . On Monday , the MDC claimed that a politician from the party was abducted at gunpoint outside a courthouse in the city of Mutare . The assailants , who the MDC said wore military outfits , took Naison Nemadziva , a lawmaker who recently won a seat in parliament against a member of Mugabe 's party , the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front . The MDC claimed in a press release that the kidnapping was by supporters of ZANU-PF and that police had not been able to find the lawmaker . This week , a resolution from the African Union in Egypt called for negotiations between Tsvangirai and Mugabe , and some European Union officials have called for a coalition government in Zimbabwe with Tsvangirai as its leader . But Tsvangirai this week said the "  conditions prevailing in Zimbabwe ... are not conducive " to negotiations with Mugabe . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown on Wednesday said Mugabe "  has blood on his hands " after the violence leading to the runoff and should step down . Mugabe has been Zimbabwe 's only leader since its independence from Britain in 1980 , when it was called Rhodesia .	Embassy spokesman : Officials exploring housing options for refuge-seekers U.S. Embassy in Harare : 220 Zimbabweans seeking refuge from violence People in crowd say they 've been driven from homes by supporters of ruling party Country in political crisis since disputed vote in March , presidential runoff last month
CNN  -- "  A perfect storm " hit Mindy McCready in the days before the country singer killed herself in the same spot where her boyfriend had died five weeks earlier , a close friend said . McCready , who burst onto the music scene in 1996 with the chart-topping country hit "  Guys Do It All the Time , " suffered from addiction that stalled her career . Her biggest notoriety in recent years came from her participation in the 2009 season of the reality TV show "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew . " Dr. Drew Pinsky also hosts a program on CNN sister network HLN , "  Dr. Drew on Call . " Private investigator Danno Hanks , who knew McCready for several years and frequently advised her , said she called him Saturday , a day before she died from what investigators concluded was a self-inflicted gunshot . "  Saturday was a very bad day for her , " Hanks said . McCready , 37 , told him about an e-mail she received on Friday from the Arkansas ' Division of Children and Family Services that included a proposed court order that would send her two children to live with her mother in Florida . "  The proposed court order was the nail in her coffin , the thing that sent her over the edge , " Hanks said . The Arkansas agency declined to comment on the case , citing confidentiality laws . "  When we take children into our care , reunification with the biological parents is always our goal , " spokeswoman Amy Webb told CNN . "  Sometimes it 's not safe and we can not . " McCready 's world unraveled in the 35 days after David Wilson , the father of her younger son , was found fatally wounded on the porch of the Heber Springs , Arkansas , home where the couple lived , Hanks said . "  After  his  suicide , she essentially fell apart , " Hanks said . McCready could n't go to the hospital to spend Wilson 's dying hours with him because investigators held her to test her hands for gunshot residue , he said . The test eliminated her as a suspect in the shooting , he said , but the Cleburne County Sheriff 's Office withheld a conclusion that Wilson had committed suicide until the autopsy report was completed . McCready prepped suicide prevention video Tabloids reported that McCready was a suspect in his death . "  There was no murder investigation , " Hanks said . "  All the police ever said was , ` We have not finished our investigation . ' " Cleburne County Sheriff Marty Moss did not return CNN 's calls for comment Tuesday . McCready told an NBC interviewer two weeks after Wilson 's death that the speculation was painful . "  I was hurting so bad , and then they just did whatever they could to make it hurt even more , " she said . The long , tortured journey of Mindy McCready It was n't long before a children 's services worker knocked on her door in response to a request from the father of her oldest son , country singer Billy McKnight , Hanks said . "  The father felt that she was a danger to her kids and a danger to herself and she had gone into this deep depression and needed to go and get some mental evaluation , " he explained said . The agent placed both children into foster care after McCready tested positive for alcohol , which McCready blamed on mouthwash , Hanks said . McCready , who was also taken into custody for a mental exam , told Hanks she was given a urine and blood test , which showed no drugs or alcohol in her system , he recounted . A doctor released her after several days , he said . "  What he was doing was sending home someone who is now made even more distraught by having her children taken away and sending her home to a house that just had lots of guns because David was a gun nut , " he said . Her hopes of getting her children back were dashed by that proposed court order from the state agency on Friday , he said . The order would send the boys to their maternal grandmother , with whom McCready had fought for custody of her older son for five years , he said . "  In Mindy 's mind , a proposed order might as well be written in stone because every proposed order that had been presented in the past down in Florida courts , the judge would just rubber-stamp it , " he said . The combined toll of 35 days of bad news , starting with Wilson 's death , took a heavy toll on her , Hanks said "  You have this perfect storm of several things that happened to her in succession , " he said . "  His suicide , her kids being taken away from her , the feeling that the media was out to get her , because they were putting out these reports that she was under suspicion in his murder . " McCready 's last day was focused on getting the world to hear a song , he said . "  I 'll See You Yesterday " was the last thing she recorded with Wilson , who was a music producer . "  It 's such a beautiful song . It must be heard , " she told NBC . Mindy McCready : A playlist She sang : "  I was your sunlight , but now I 'm just a shade "  I was your blue sky , now I 'm just the rain "  I was your favorite song , but now I 'm overplayed "  If tomorrow 's gon na be the same , I 'll see you yesterday . " McCready asked Hanks to help her get it played on the radio . She also asked him to upload it to YouTube along with photos of her and Wilson . "  She was anxious to get this video posted , " he said . "  I did n't realize it at the time , I did n't realize what the urgency  was about  . " She told him she wanted it to be a suicide prevention public service announcement , he said . "  In retrospect , I realize what she was not revealing was that her true reason was that this was her suicide video , " he said . "  She wanted it out there because she knew that the video would get more play after she committed her suicide . She wanted the world at the end to know how she had been treated and mistreated and all the stuff that she had gone through . " Her last wish came true . The video has gone viral , getting hundreds of thousands of views since her death . Country radio stations are playing her song . "  If these people had reached out to her in life as they have in death , maybe it would be a different outcome , " Hanks said . "  If she had known how many fans that she had out there and how many supporters she truly did have , she might have had the courage to go on . But I think she just felt she was alone , that nobody cared about what was happening to her . " In the NBC interview aired on the "  Today " show last month , McCready summed it up : "  My life has n't ever really made sense to me , because I do know what kind of person I am and I do know that I try to be as good a person as I can possibly be every day . " Stars reflect on McCready 's death	Fear of losing her sons was "  a nail in her coffin , " a friend says Her young boys were placed in foster care recently Tabloid reports that she was a suspect in her boyfriend 's death also hurt , he says Boyfriend David Wilson died from a gunshot five weeks earlier
CNN  -- A shipyard worker who pleaded guilty to arson in a fire that did at least $ 400 million in damage to a U.S. nuclear attack submarine has been sentenced to over 17 years in federal prison and ordered to pay $ 400 million in restitution , federal prosecutors said Friday . Casey James Fury admitted to two counts of arson in November in connection with the blaze aboard the USS Miami last May 23 and a smaller fire beneath the dry-docked submarine in June , according to court papers . The 25-year-old civilian painter and sandblaster at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Maine told investigators that he started the fires because he was having extreme anxiety and was trying to get out of work , the documents state . Fury could have faced life in prison on the charge . But the judge weighed the severe damage caused by the fire and the risk to life that it brought against the fact Fury had never been in criminal trouble before and suffered from anxiety and depression , according to CNN affiliate WGME . Fury was accused of setting fire to a plastic bag full of cotton rags in a cabin in the forward end of the Miami , starting a conflagration that took the ship 's crew and firefighters from the shipyard and nearby towns 12 hours to put out . Five firefighters and two sailors were injured during the effort . The fire damaged crew quarters and command-and-control spaces aboard the submarine , the Navy said at the time . The damage was forward of the nuclear reactor that powers the vessel , which had been shut down and was closed off after the fire began , the service reported . "  Today 's sentencing hearing of Mr. Fury closes one chapter on last year 's historical and tragic experience that impacted our submarine force , disrupted the lives of countless officers , sailors who serve our Navy as well as the maintenance and operational schedule of the entire submarine force , " said U.S. Navy Rear Adm. Richard Breckenridge at a press conference Friday . The 362-foot Miami was commissioned in 1990 and had been undergoing an extensive overhaul at the Portsmouth shipyard . The Navy says it plans to repair the submarine and return it to service . CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	The fire started aboard the USS Miami while the sub was in dry-dock It took firefighters 12 hours to extinguish , and caused some $ 400 million in damage Shipyard worker Casey James Fury admitted to two counts of arson He could have faced life in prison
CNN  -- If you 're African-American , you might have gotten "  the talk . " It 's a discussion , usually with parents , about how they need to behave around police officers because of the color of their skin . On social media , many African-American users have used the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , to share their stories about "  the talk . " On Twitter and Facebook , the hashtags #IGotTheTalk and #IGaveTheTalk have been trending topics since the shooting on Saturday . In the posts , users recount being taught , "  Me and my brothers literally had to rehearse talking to the cops w / my parents , " wrote a Twitter user with the screen name @HeDoinTooMuch . Other tweets have included : . The Ferguson shooting has played out in a big way on sites like Twitter , where information spreads at lightning speed . Full coverage : Ferguson shooting News of two journalists being arrested while covering the aftermath of the shooting went viral on social media Wednesday , focusing attention on what some in the town have compared to a war zone . And on Twitter and elsewhere , the "  hacktivist " group Anonymous was working to expose the name of the officer who shot Brown before police revealed his identity on Friday . In a related viral trend this week , students and other social media users -- many of them black -- shared images of themselves with their hands up in the air . At Howard University , students at a back-to-school housing meeting posted a photograph in which hundreds stood in the "  hands up " position , which witnesses say Brown had done to show he was unarmed before he was shot . In a Facebook post Thursday , the historically black university in Washington said that it was "  proud of our students who have united peacefully to show they will not stand for the senseless violence anymore . Thank you to the Howard University Student Association for leading and organizing this display of solidarity . " Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting and protests	Ferguson shooting prompts #IGotTheTalk trend Minorities on social media share being told how to behave with police Eighteen-year-old Michael Brown was killed by police while unarmed Authorities say shooting came after a convenience-store robbery
CNN  -- Authorities closed the case Friday on Leanne Hecht Bearden , the once intrepid world traveler who was found dead a day earlier , after having apparently killed herself , according to police . According to Garden Ridge , Texas , Police Chief Donna O'Conner , "  Preliminary autopsy results indicate asphyxiation by hanging . " The apparent manner of death is suicide , she added , though a final ruling wo n't be released until toxicology results are in . Authorities announced Thursday that a body believed to be the 33-year-old woman had been found in Garden Ridge , where she was last seen January 17 heading out from her in-laws ' house for what was supposed to be a one-hour walk . A man in that city northeast of San Antonio had called police after finding a body in a wooded area near his house . Family members later confirmed her death , saying on a Facebook page dedicated to finding her that they were "  understandably devastated . " "  Leanne was a lovely and remarkable young woman , " the family said , "  and we will all miss her greatly . " An expansive intensive search commenced soon after Bearden was reported missing , while her relatives and friends hit the streets and airwaves to alert anyone they could about her case . But -- after having crisscrossed the globe for 22 months with her husband , Josh Bearden -- authorities now believe that she did n't go far , nor was it very long , before she died . According to O'Conner , investigators believe that Bearden died "  a short time after she was seen leaving  her in-law 's  residence for a walk . " "  Our thoughts are with the Hecht and Bearden families as they grieve the loss of their loved one , " the police chief said . "  There are no words to express our appreciation to all the citizens , law enforcement . agencies , Texas Search and Rescue and Heidi Search Center for their support . " Bearden went missing shortly after she and Josh -- who married at the Denver Zoo and joked they epitomized the adage "  opposites attract " -- returned to the United States from their epic , global adventure . She documented their journeys to places like Mount Everest 's base camp , the Dead Sea and South America 's Patagonia extensively on a blog . Coming back to her native country was n't necessarily easy , her family suggested . "  The pressure of transitioning from her two-year trip back into what we consider ` normal ' life seems to have left her very anxious and stressed , " they said . After she went missing , relatives and friends worked intently to spread the word as the search for her -- on the ground and from the air , using helicopters -- expanded . One such search in January covered 23 acres . Garden Ridge police noted their concern about Bearden that month , while adding "  there is no indication at this time that  her disappearance  is criminal in nature . " Her family , meanwhile , acknowledged on Facebook that "  there is evidence that Leanne may have voluntarily left the area . " Family : Strong possibility Bearden meant to leave CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Leanne Hecht Bearden had recently returned to the U.S. after a 22-month global trek She was last seen January 17 , leaving her in-laws ' house in Texas for a walk Investigators believe she died shortly after leaving for that walk , police chief says A preliminary autopsy finds she died by "  asphyxiation by hanging "
CNN  -- Costume designer Mark Bridges can create eras with fabric . For "  Boogie Nights " and "  Blow , " he evoked the 1970s . "  The Fighter " showcased the early '90s . "  There Will Be Blood " went back to gritty early 20th century California , and "  8 Mile , " "  Punch-Drunk Love " and "  The Italian Job " offered a range of contemporary looks befitting their locales -- and characters . With "  The Artist , " a black-and-white silent film , Bridges brings back that golden Hollywood age -- both the peak of its glamour and pit of its shabbiness . He earned an Oscar nomination for his work -- his first , perhaps surprising given his work on some of the most notable films of the past 15 years . He spoke with CNN about how his job combines the best of all worlds , and what  or "  who , " for those who prefer the favored Oscar pre-show word  he 'll be wearing on the red carpet . The following has been edited and condensed from the original transcript . CNN : I understand you have a fondness for silent-era pictures . Mark Bridges : Ever since I was young . I have book reports from when I was in fifth grade or seventh grade on silent movies . My mother used to take us to revival houses because I was interested in it , so it 's always been a lifelong interest of mine . And it combines with my vocation , and I was really , really excited with the possibility of doing this film . CNN : How did you go about getting the look of the time ? Bridges : Without the color to communicate the language of telling the story , I was trying to tell the story through textures , whether it be lamÃ © , sequins and beads for Hollywood , or very flat rough textured wools to communicate down-on-your-heels , or the elegance of satin lapels for evening wear , or the shimmer of a beautiful nightgown . It became a story of textures telling the story . CNN : How did working with director Michel Hazanavicius compare with working with Paul Thomas Anderson  who directed "  Boogie Nights , " "  There Will Be Blood " and "  Punch-Drunk Love "  or David O. Russell  who directed "  The Fighter "  ? Bridges : I do n't see any difference , because my position remains the same : they give me the material , and I propose a way to contribute to the visuals of the story . Same thing when I read one of Paul 's original scripts . I read it , we discuss it , then I go out and try to figure out what language of clothing are we making this story . It 's always about how do I reveal this character , how do I reveal this moment through the character 's external appearance . CNN : Actors say that it 's getting into costume that allows them to become another person . It 's like a personality change . Bridges : It 's interesting when that happens in a fitting room . We start out with me and an actor , and then with the right combination of clothes or a talk about how a moment might be played or illustrated , suddenly there 's this third person there who was n't there when we started , and then we know we 're on to something . CNN : How did you get into the business ? Bridges : I was always involved in theater and drama . As a child , I loved movies , I always drew , I always loved fabric , I loved clothes , I loved color , I loved telling a story . So it 's an amalgam of everything I enjoy , and it happens to be called costume designer . CNN : What are you going to wear ? Bridges : I 'm going to wear a single-breasted , peak-lapel Brooks Brothers tuxedo , which is very throwback to the period , and a custom tuxedo shirt from Anto of Beverly Hills .	"  Artist " costume designer Mark Bridges up for Oscar Bridges used texture to help tell story of silent-era Hollywood Bridges sees job as "  amalgam of everything I enjoy "
Davenport , Iowa  CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner is trashing President Obama 's foreign policy on the campaign trail by talking up someone Republicans have spent years running from : George W. Bush . "  Does anybody think that Vladimir Putin would have gone into Crimea had George W. Bush been president of the United States ? No ! " Boehner asked , and answered , before a group of Republican volunteers here . "  Even Putin is smart enough to know that Bush would have punched him in the nose in about 10 seconds ! " Boehner said to an applauding crowd . Boehner often uses colorful language to slam the President for his leadership , especially on national security . But to invoke Bush is unusual , especially since his foreign policy decisions -- namely the Iraq war -- led to a clean Democratic sweep in 2006 . Democrats took control of both the House and Senate in Bush 's sixth year in office . Boehner is also engaging in revisionist history of sorts , since Putin did in fact invade another former member of the Soviet Union and key U.S. ally , the Republic of Georgia , in 2008 when Bush was president . Bush did not punch either Putin or then-Russian Prime Minister Dimitri Medvedev in the nose . In fact , Bush was criticized at the time by some for not reacting more forcefully against Russia . As for Boehner -- he reacted in a bipartisan way back then -- releasing a joint statement with then-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and other leaders in both parties "  condemning -- in the strongest possible terms -- the recent invasion of the sovereign state of Georgia . "	Boehner criticizes President Obama 's response to Russian takeover of Crimea He says it would n't have happened when Bush was president Bush 's response was criticized when Russia invaded Republic of Georgia in 2008
Kolkata , India  CNN  -- At 65 , Ian Zachariah is one of the youngest ones left . "  Can you believe it ? " he says , adjusting a borrowed yarmulke in a now-empty synagogue . His eyes scan the glittering stained glass , the blue-domed ceiling and the rows of dark wood and wicker benches , still arranged the way they were when , decades ago on the Sabbath , Maghen David was teeming . His mind races back to his childhood , when he occupied a seat in the back left-hand corner and much to his father 's chagrin , gazed upward to the second floor gallery where the girls and women sat . But a hush has fallen within Maghen David 's walls . There have not been prayers said here in a long time , for the lack of 10 able-bodied men needed to form the minyan , the quorum required for a Jewish service . Zachariah 's heart feels empty like the synagogue 's pews . He knows the end is near for the Jews of Kolkata . Once a thriving community of 6,000 , their numbers can be counted on fingers now . Zachariah says fewer than 30 Jews are left in this bustling eastern Indian metropolis . Many Jews began leaving Kolkata , the city formerly known as Calcutta , after Indian independence in 1947 ; those who remained are slowly dying off . Zachariah , a stalwart of the dwindling community , serves on practically every Jewish administrative board . There are simply not enough people left to go around . "  Things have to be kept going , " he says of the cultural burden weighing heavy on his shoulders . "  We 're not lying down and waiting for the sunset . " He runs his fingers over the cold outdoor oven at Maghen David that once turned out fresh unleavened bread . He peers through a window into the basement where vats of wine were stored . From a wooden box , he picks up a book of prayer , the pages eaten with precision by bookworms . "  I always thought someone should take these away . Too late now . They are all in terrible shape . " Zachariah 's ancestors arrived in India in the 18th century from the Syrian cities of Aleppo and Damascus . Others came from Iraq and Iran . All of them came to be known as Baghdadi Jews in India . They came to British India to trade -- in jewels , spices , textiles , tobacco , tea . They made a name as exporters and real-estate dealers and bakers . India , said Judaism scholar Nathan Katz , was one of the few places in the world that was inherently hospitable to its Jews . In Kolkata , Jewish families settled in what was known as "  gray town , " the central city neighborhoods that separated the whites from the "  coloreds . " They built graceful buildings that lined Brabourne Road in the heart of what is today Badabazaar , Kolkata 's largest wholesale market . Jewish settlers to Kolkata eventually built five synagogues , at least two schools and a hospital . The schools are still operational , though not one student is Jewish . The Beth El and Maghen David synagogues exist today more as memorials to a former era than as functional Jewish temples . They established a landmark bakery , Nahoum and Sons , in New Market , a favorite among Jews and gentiles alike who craved its fruit cake , cream rolls and lemon tarts . It , too , like every other Jewish institution , faces a perilous future -- the last of the family in Kolkata , David Nahoum , is 84 and frail . "  They were so well integrated into the upper class of Bengali culture , " said Katz , a professor of religious studies at Florida International University who has done extensive research on the Jewish communities of India . But then came Indian independence and the birth of Israel the following year . The Jews began their exodus . "  A new social and economic order came to into being and their prospects began to dry up , " Katz said . By his estimate , the 12,000 Baghdadi Jews in all of India in 1947 have now dwindled down to less than 100 . In a nation of 1.1 billion people , they do n't even qualify as a minority group anymore -- barely a blip . "  It was a beautiful culture , " Katz said . "  I find it terribly sad . " Katz said Jewish communities have died violent and forced deaths in other places . Ironically , in India , where they did not face persecution , they left of their own accord . That 's what makes the tale more poignant . It 's not that someone forced the clock on the Maghen David tower to stop -- it just did one day . At 3:30 . No one knows the date , though the typewritten notices posted for a board meeting give a clue . The paper is yellow and frayed . "  21st May , 1989 . " It was probably that way when Rahel Musleah journeyed back to Kolkata in 1997 to cement the shadowy images of a way of life she had heard about . Her father , Ezekiel Musleah , 82 , was a rabbi at Maghen David who saw prospects for his family dry up . "  It was very difficult to leave . But what can a rabbi do in a community that was dying ? " he asked . He began a new life in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in 1964 , determined to carry on the music , the food , the spiritual norms that had taken root from a mix of Middle Eastern and Indian traditions . Rahel Musleah , a 52-year-old freelance writer who lives in Great Neck , New York , recalled her parents speaking Hindustani at home and celebrating birthdays with rasagollahs , a sugary Bengali confection . Women in the synagogue taught her mother -- who had relied on a cook in Kolkata -- to prepare Ashkenazic dishes including chopped liver , brisket and matzo balls . She also learned to replicate the Baghdadi-Indian specialties that her family craved . The stories Musleah heard about Kolkata finally drew her back to the house at 11 Bowbazar Street that bore her grandfather 's name : I.S. Musleah . Her great-aunt Ramah was the only one left in the house . Musleah wandered around the dark rooms of the ancestral home , filled with heavy rosewood furniture and photographs of generations gone by . There , among the wedding pictures of her grandparents and aunts , she found her own . Rahel Musleah sipped tea from butter-yellow cups with her aging Aunty Ramah and feasted on deep-fried kachuris and heart-shaped "  queen cakes " from Nahoum 's . On the Sabbath , she sat in dim morning light at Maghen David , closed her eyes and tried to imagine her grandparents and all the people who had come before her . She tried to picture what was still vivid in her father 's mind . "  What sadness for my father to sit and walk where in his bones , in his heart and soul , he felt the closeness of everyone he loved . ... All dead now , " she wrote in an article about her trip . Rahel Musleah returned to Kolkata one other time with her sister several years ago . Two months after that trip , her Aunty Ramah died , severing her last link to that culture . She retrieved the wooden sign from the house bearing her grandfather 's name . It now hangs in her home , above her grandparents ' portraits . The Jews who are left in Kolkata can do little but watch a way of life disappear . Zachariah thinks he might devote time to establishing a museum showcasing Jewish history ; he wants to ensure that the Archaeological Society preserves standing synagogues . "  I do n't think there will be a next generation , " he says . Kolkata , he says , was the kind of place that absorbed everyone . Evidence of that tolerance can be found on the same corner as Maghen David , where land is shared by a Christian church , a Hindu shrine and a Muslim mosque . "  Time marches on . People come . People go . When it was over here , they left , " Zachariah says . It is 1 p.m. And at that hour , Zachariah 's voice gives way to the muezzin 's call to prayer .	Once a thriving community of 6,000 , about 30 Jews are left in Kolkata , India Jews began arriving in India in the 18th century from Syria , Iran and Iraq Some 12,000 Jews began leaving when India gained independence in 1947
CNN  -- This time last year Jordan Spieth barely registered on golf 's radar , now it seems merely a matter of time before he assumes the mantle of major champion . The 20-year-old will tee off at Pinehurst on Thursday as one of the favorites to lift the U.S. Open , a measure of his stellar rise over the past 12 months . Spieth became the youngest winner on the PGA Tour for 82 years when he bagged the 2013 John Deere Classic , underlining the potential encompassed in his swing . He briefly held the lead during the final round of the Masters before tying for second and was in contention at the Players Championship , eventually finishing fourth . So what price a maiden major championship in North Carolina aged 20 years and 10 months , roughly five months before Tiger Woods captured his first ? "  I truly believe I can win a major -- right now I think I 'm ready to , " the Texan told CNN . "  Each and every week is about preparing for the next major championship . "  The U.S. Open is a major which is what legacies are defined by . That 's what Rory  McIlroy  says all the time , golf is all about winning majors . "  To be able to go into this event with a lot of confidence , I feel like I 'm going to embrace the challenge . " Much has been made of the test Pinehurst will present , a markedly different one to 2005 when unfancied New Zealander Michael Campbell triumphed . It has since been reshaped by two-time major champion Ben Crenshaw and his business partner -- famed golf architect Bill Coore -- who have restored many of its original features . The pair have ripped out reams of rough and widened many fairways , but that wo n't necessarily makes things any easier . Sandy scrub , pine straw and wiregrass now flank the fairways , meaning any errant tee shots could lead to a lottery in terms of lie . The winning scores in three of the last four U.S. Open tournaments have been even par or less , underlining what a biting examination of a player 's game it represents . But that does n't phase Spieth -- it excites him . "  I love the hardest challenge you can get , " he explained . "  The U.S. Open is the most difficult challenge in all of golf . That is exciting for us , it 's awesome . "  It 's going to be really interesting at Pinehurst with no rough . Everyone who has been there has raved about the place . "  Any time you can play golf 's toughest test and try to test your game , if you can beat the golf course you really feel special after that round . " Spieth has been feeling pretty special for most of the last year . His breakthrough victory at the John Deere proved he possessed the talent and temperament required to prosper on the biggest stage . After memorably holing a bunker shot to force his way into a playoff , Spieth secured victory on the fifth extra hole , defeating David Hearn and Zach Johnson , the 2007 Masters champion . He recorded a pair of top four finishes in the FedEx Cup , including second place in the season-ending Tour Championship , before taking part in the USA 's winning Presidents Cup encounter with their International counterparts . At 2014 's first major , Spieth muscled his way into the final group at Augusta on Sunday , and at one point assumed the lead from playing partner and eventual winner , Bubba Watson . Spieth finished in a tie for second . Then at golf 's unofficial fifth major , the Players Championship , Spieth was again in the final grouping before a late wobble saw him fall to fourth , playing partner Martin Kaymer , from Germany , taking top honors . But for someone whose goal at the start of the season was to thrust himself into contention at a major championship , it was very much mission accomplished . "  I knew I was going to be in all four majors and it was about getting out there and contending because I knew it would be a different feeling than contending in any event I 'd been in before , " he said . "  I wanted to see how I would perform and sure enough at that first one in Augusta I got off to the start I needed . "  I had the right game plan that week . I knew how difficult the golf course was playing -- the weather made it firm and fast -- and I did n't let bogeys bother me . "  I played my way into contention on Sunday , I had the lead . "  I feel like I played some really strong golf with the amount of pressure I felt that week -- a bounce here , a bounce there then I might have been wearing the green jacket on my first try . "  That 's really cool looking back at that and knowing I accomplished one of my goals for the year . " Spieth 's preparations for Pinehurst have included calls to Crenshaw , to pick his brains as to the redesign , and strength and conditioning work in the gym . As well as repeating his "  stay patient " mantra , Spieth has also been grooving his swing to make sure it stands up to the fierce examination of the closing holes in a major championship . "  I feel like it 's all falling into place , " Spieth said . "  I know from Augusta when you are in the thick of things and you 're feeling that intense pressure the most important thing is making sure the most basic part of your golf swing stays the same . "  It is tough staying patient , I 'm not a patient person off the course at all so it 's very hard , especially when emotions are so heightened . "  I did a very , very good job of it at Augusta , and a very good job for a little while at the Players . "  I 've got a lot of confidence going in that I can put it together a little longer , just having been in the heat twice now in two of the strongest fields in the world that I 've ever played against . "	Jordan Spieth tells CNN he is ready to win his first major golf championship The 20-year-old tees off at the U.S. Open in Pinehurst as one of the favorites Spieth tied for second place in his first appearance at the Masters in April He became youngest PGA Tour winner for 82 years in 2013
CNN  -- As world leaders meet in Toronto for the G-20 summit , disagreements are brewing over how the global economy 's fragile recovery should best be steered . The United States has been urging other countries not to pull back on stimulus plans too quickly . Britain , in contrast , has recently joined other European countries in announcing drastic budget cuts as fears grow about mounting public debt . The last G-20 summit was September in Pittsburgh . Since then sovereign debt issues have clouded the global economic recovery . Dubai 's debt worries in November foreshadowed the Greek debt crisis , which spiraled to other southern European nations . Public debt woes saw the value of the euro dip from $ 1.50 in December to below $ 1.20 earlier this month , sparking fears the 17-nation bloc united under the currency may collapse . Armed man arrested near G-20 site U.S. President Barack Obama fears a roll-back too soon from government stimulus packages would send the world back into recession . The European Union has sent a letter to all G-20 leaders asking for substantial budget cuts to come no later than 2011 . "  The Germans are worried about the knock-on effects of southern Europe financing . And the Americans , not having experienced that problem , do n't recognize it and they do n't understand why countries should be cutting back when in fact the recovery is at such a nascent stage , " said Simon Evenett of the Center for Economic Policy Research . Also high on the agenda will be reforms to global banking regulations . Although all G-20 nations pledged banking reforms , the reforms being mooted in Europe and North America are diverging . Britain , France and Germany are calling on taxes on banks to pay down deficits and cushion future financial shocks . The U.S. wants to discourage additional taxes , which officials fear will stunt consumer demand . "  Behind the calls for us to pursue a more expansionary fiscal course lie two different approaches to economic policymaking on each side of the Atlantic , " German Foreign Minister Wolfgang Schäuble wrote in a Wednesday op-ed piece in the Financial Times . "  While U.S. policymakers like to focus on short-term corrective measures , we take the longer view and are , therefore , more preoccupied with the implications of excessive deficits and the dangers of high inflation . " UK Treasury Chief Secretary Danny Alexander said : "  We will have to see what comes out of the G-20 . I 'm not going to give any forecast on that . I think it is important that we have acted because we recognize the risks the banking system poses to the U.S. economy . Certainly , France and Germany recognize those risks , also . " The sessions will offer a first appearance on the world stage for British Prime Minister David Cameron and Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan. . Both leaders arrived in Toronto on Thursday . Other leaders are arriving Friday . CNN 's Jim Boulden contributed to this report	G-20 summit of world leaders takes place in Toronto A dividing line is forming between austerity and stimulus The U.S. cautions against reducing stimulus packages too soon Europeans say mounting public debt threatens their economies
A Chinese reporter who was arrested last week on suspicion of damaging a business ' reputation has confessed to releasing fabricated stories about the company for money and fame , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Saturday . "  I definitely hope the entire journalist industry could learn a lesson from me , " New Express journalist Chen Yongzhou said while in custody in an interview distributed by Reuters . "  For myself , if I were given one more chance to be a journalist , I must follow the basic journalistic ethics that are impartial , real , objective and complete to report -- and would not be lured by self interest . " Chen released more than 10 unverified reports -- from September 29 , 2012 , until August 8 , 2013 -- that centered on "  financial problems " experienced by the engineering company Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science & Technology and resulted in losses for the company , Xinhua reported , citing police . Chen , who is based in the southern city of Guangzhou , apologized to the company , to its investors and to his family , police told Xinhua . He was taken into custody October 18 in Guangzhou by police from Changsha in Hunan Province , where Zoomlion is based , months after the newspaper ran stories under his byline that said Zoomlion had falsified its sales numbers . The state-run company , which did not respond to a call for comment , makes construction equipment . The 27-year-old reporter has worked for New Express since he graduated in 2009 . According to police , "  other people " paid Chen for the stories , Xinhua said . "  Chen confessed that only ` one and a half ' of his more than 10 reports about Zoomlion were done after gathering information himself , while the rest were made based on provided articles , " Xinhua said . "  He even published some of the supplied articles on the New Express without reading them first . " The announcement came two days after the New Express pleaded on its front page , "  Please set him free . " The move garnered sympathy online and China 's media regulator vowed to protect "  lawful reporting rights , " according to the state-run China Press and Publishing Media group . The paper said Wednesday that it had checked all of Chen 's stories about Zoomlion and found only one discrepancy : He wrote the company spent 513 million yuan on advertisements , when that money had been spent on "  advertisements and entertainment . " "  If Brother Policeman can find any evidence of shabby reporting on our part , please make notice of it and we will gladly doff our hat , " the newspaper said , according to a translation published by the University of Hong Kong 's China Media Project . "  Because we still believe that -- some day , at least -- you will have the same full respect for the law that we have . "	"  The entire journalist industry could learn a lesson from me , " Chen says But his newspaper says it checked his stories and found only one discrepancy Police say he was paid for the stories His colleagues say he could n't afford to go to take his wife to Pizza Hut
CNN  -- Let 's be clear about this : The embargo on Cuba should have been lifted a long time ago . And yet it 's hard to avoid the impression that although President Barack Obama had an overwhelmingly strong hand in negotiations , he played it badly . Badly , that is , for the sake of the Cuban people . What occurred on Wednesday , and the Obama administration 's announcement of a momentous change in U.S. policy toward Cuba , is certainly important to the United States . But it means even more to Cuba -- it is a major landmark in the country 's history , one of the most pivotal events since the takeover of the government by Fidel Castro and his band of revolutionary brothers in 1959 . For decades the Castro regime -- first under Fidel and now under his brother Raul -- have made the lifting of the U.S. embargo , "  the blockade " as they call it , a centerpiece of their rhetorical arsenal and their principal demand in domestic and international forums . Now , United States has agreed to work toward lifting the embargo and normalizing diplomatic relations . Yet despite Washington having significant leverage as the Cuban economy teeters and low oil prices threaten to sever its Venezuelan lifeline , the United States secured virtually no meaningful concessions . Cuba remains one of the world 's most politically oppressive countries . At the very least , therefore , the agreement to restore relations should have included substantial commitments on Havana 's part to relax the state 's grip . But it did not . Of course , the release of the unjustly incarcerated Alan Gross is welcome . But his release should have been viewed not as a bargaining chip , but as a prerequisite to any deal at all . Instead , there was a separate exchange of spies , which Cuba treated as a major victory . The only concession that has been reported upon is Havana 's agreement to release about 50 imprisoned dissidents . This leaves millions of Cubans still under the thumb of a repressive state . With that in mind , the main goal of U.S. policy toward Havana should be helping the Cuban people live in prosperity and freedom , able to enjoy the benefits of modernity , complete with the right to free expression and participation in the global economy . By beginning to lift the embargo , material conditions in Cuba are likely to improve -- and that is most welcome -- but the process of introducing political freedoms may or may not advance . It 's not surprising that the agreement was judged with skepticism by many pro-democracy activists in Cuba . The dean of Cuban dissidents , Elizardo Sanchez , reportedly declared , "  Castrismo has won . " He welcomed the renewal of dialogue but told Radio France Internationale he foresees no improvement in human rights as the result of the deal . The leader of the opposition group Ladies in White , Berta Soler , called Obama 's decision a mistake , adding that "  democracy and freedom for the Cuban people are n't going to be achieved by what Obama has given to the Cuban government . " Barely a week ago that repression was in full view of the Cuban people and a smattering of foreign journalists in Havana . On December 10 , Human Rights Day , a familiar scene unfolded in Havana as authorities took away would-be peaceful demonstrators before they had a chance to assemble even in small numbers . At least 240 people were arrested , according to one dissident group . Human Rights Watch , for its part , says the government continues to use beatings , public shaming and intimidation against regime critics , adding that arbitrary arrests have "  increased dramatically in recent years . " Indeed , I 've witnessed such incidents myself over the course of at least a dozen trips to Cuba over the years , watching plainclothes agents and regime thugs beat up anyone even daring to utter the word "  democracy . " True , not everyone in Cuba is pessimistic . Many of those who have struggled under grinding economic difficulties understandably just want to see their standard of living improve , and there is excitement on the island and hope that major economic changes could be around the corner . Yet welcome as improving economic well-being is , it would be tragic if this unique chance to usher in freedom is lost . The sight of Raul Castro -- the aging , unelected Cuban leader -- wearing his military uniform as he announced on television that Washington and Havana will restore ties "  without renouncing any of our principles " reminded me of a conversation I had with a Cuban Ministry of Foreign Affairs official back when communist regimes were collapsing around the world . He told me that he thought Cuba would seek to follow a Chinese model , meaning that like China 's Communist Party , the Cuban regime would try to keep its grip on power , even if its socialist economic model is conclusively proven to have failed . Will Cuba choose that path ? Certainly , Obama had the opportunity to nudge the country off this course , and instead toward freedom . In fact , it is not too late for his administration to do so . So , as the United States moves to dismantle the old , failed embargo , let 's hope it plays its hand with greater skill on behalf of the Cuban people moving forward , and extracts from the government verifiable progress on human rights and individual freedoms . It is time to help Cuba and its people rejoin the modern world .	Frida Ghitis : Embargo on Cuba should have been lifted a long time ago But President Barack Obama squandered a strong negotiating hand , Ghitis says The U.S. secured virtually no meaningful concessions from the Cuban regime , she says Ghitis : It would be tragic if this unique chance to usher in freedom is lost
CNN  -- One priceless car was crushed . Another , mashed ; a third , pancaked . Now , Vette City faces a sinkhole summer . A total of eight vehicles at Bowling Green , Kentucky 's National Corvette Museum remain just as wrecked as they were when the earth swallowed them whole more than two months ago . Workers fished the last car out of the monster sinkhole on April 9 and so far , not one coat of paint has been applied to any of the cars . Not one dent has been removed . Nothing . Why ? Museum officials were shocked by the damage . "  The last three or four cars that came out of the sinkhole ... we did n't expect them to come out looking quite that bad , " said Dana Forrester , lead Corvette restoration member of the museum 's board of directors . Among the worst-damaged was a custom-made , one-of-a-kind speed demon that can zoom-zoom at more than 175 mph . ... Well , it could . The sinkhole reduced it to â $ " as one museum official put it â $ " "  just a tire . " The whole dirty mess has been enough to make any grease-smeared gear-head cry . Next month , the museum 's board of directors plans to meet with independent restorers and Chevrolet 's parent company General Motors to consider new strategy on how to save the cars . "  We 'll listen to what they say about it , and then we 'll make a decision as to which car gets restored and to what degree , " Forrester told CNN on the phone . Surprisingly , the museum may choose not to restore the worst-smashed cars at all . And then there 's another problem : what to do about that 40-foot-wide , 60-foot-deep sinkhole . Thank goodness nobody got hurt when it desecrated the museum 's cathedral-like Skydome in the early morning hours of February 12 . The idea of a giant hole suddenly opening up inside a museum and stealing away with some of the crown jewels of the auto world grabbed global attention . Reports estimated the total value of the cars at more than $ 1 million . Passionate owners and fans still feel the pangs . Even for folks who do n't care about cars , the Corvette matters . It 's historic . Experts call the Corvette the most collected car in America . We 're talking about the "  world 's longest-running , continuously produced passenger car , " according to General Motors . Since the ` Vette 's 1953 debut , more than 1.5 million have rolled off Chevrolet assembly lines , creating jobs for generations of Americans . The sleek silhouette has transformed into a pop culture icon across TV , films and advertising . Although GM announced back in February that it would "  oversee " restoration of the Corvettes , more options are on the table now . "  Recent discussions have changed what the original thoughts were , " said Forrester , who 's also an officer of the National Corvette Restorers Society . Restoration of some of the cars "  may not be possible , " he said . Or for some of the cars , "  it may be best " that an independent restorer other than GM do it . Related story : Check out the 625-horsepower Corvett Z06 The privately funded , not-for-profit museum is governed by the board of directors - but driven by its donors and 28,000 members . Do n't think ` Vette-heads around the world are n't watching closely . They are . And they care about the details . "  I think they should do it the right way and deliver a finished product like it was n't damaged at all , " said longtime New York Corvette owner Frazer Bharucha , 47 , of the Long Island Corvette Owners Association . "  When it 's all said and done , it should look the way it was when it first entered the museum . " To outsiders , restoring a Corvette "  correctly " might seem -- well -- kind of anal . Attention to detail sometimes includes specific engine bolt heads , or original headlights , or even a $ 10,000 set of original tires . Will the sinkhole cars get that same level of treatment ? "  I do n't believe they 'll go that far , " Forrester said . GM 's goal is "  sensitive restoration , " said its Corvette communications manager , Monte Doran . Doran is expected to take part in meetings with museum officials where he anticipates a "  serious talk to see if they want us to restore all the cars . " Final Corvette raised from sinkhole GM designer says : Save their ` souls ' Just be careful , advised Tom Peters , GM 's director of exterior design for performance cars . Respect the vehicles . They have "  souls . " They have "  character " and "  being . " Replacing too many key original parts might result in "  re-creations " rather than restorations , he said . Peters described himself as a passionate museum supporter who 's not at all involved in the restoration project . "  You have to ask , what is it going to take to bring some of these cars back to being authentic ? It 's just terrible , but the last two they pulled out are basically pancakes , " he said . It 's hard to know for sure -- and too soon to tell , but "  maybe they 're better off just leaving them as they are . " Decisions about which cars to restore might be based on some of these questions : Did enough of the car 's unique body panels survive ? Does the car still have structural integrity ? Did its fundamental framework suffer too much damage ? Worst damaged : - 2001 custom-made , one-of-a-kind Mallett Hammer Z06 racing car - GM-owned 1993 ZR-1 Spyder ; fewer than 12 were ever built Significantly damaged : - 1984 PPG Pace Car ; a one-of-a-kind car for Indy Car World Series - 1993 Ruby Red 40th Anniversary model ; more than 6,000 were built - 1992 ' 1 millionth ' Corvette to come off the assembly line - 2009 ' 1.5 millionth ' Corvette to come off the assembly line Least damaged : - 2009 ZR1 Blue Devil , among GM 's fastest production cars - 1962 tuxedo black Corvette , the oldest sinkhole car Related story : GM reveals most powerful drop-top Corvette Institutional memory The black '62 poses another big question : Does GM still have enough institutional memory to best restore a car that 's more than a half-century old ? Should independent specialists be brought in to help ? "  It may be best that there 's some other restorer to do it , " Forrester said . "  I know GM 's got the expertise to go back and take the -LSB- two -RSB- cars they still own and work on them to a certain degree , but as far as structural work ... I do n't know . I 'm sure that will enter into the discussion . " Oh , about that 60-foot-deep hole in the floor ... In an apparent masterstroke of marketing genius , the museum has put the wrecked cars on display for visitors -- sort of a sports-car version of a carnival freak show . Also , the museum plans to allow visitors close access to the hole this weekend on a temporary basis . They 'll be able to stand in the Skydome three feet from the edge , where they can get a good look at the natural forces that crushed the cars . See how the museum is showcasing the sinkhole The new exhibits appear to be popular . March attendance spiked by more than 50 % . Donations following the sinkhole collapse have already topped $ 75,000 . "  It 's the rubberneck effect , " said museum spokeswoman Katie Frassinelli . The whole mess is now "  part of the museum 's history -- and part of Corvette 's history , " said Forrester . The idea is , why not embrace it ? Museum officials have n't decided on a long-term strategy to deal with the sinkhole . There 's talk about leaving the hole open as a permanent exhibit , and building stairs so visitors could walk down into it . Another option would be to return the Skydome to its original condition by filling the sinkhole with dirt and replacing the collapsed floor . "  I personally lean toward securing the hole -- but not filling it -- and creating something like a bridge across it so people can actually look down into it , " said Forrester . An accomplished artist , Forrester has painted a watercolor canvas depicting the hole and the 2009 ZR1 Blue Devil rising out of it . If there 's a bright side to the sinkhole collapse , Forrester thinks he 's found it . "  Millions of people in the Corvette culture have pulled together over this , " he said . "  Now more people outside the community are discovering how special this culture really is . "	No major repairs have begun on Corvettes recovered from a giant sinkhole Worse-than-expected damage to priceless Chevrolets prompts strategy shift Museum board member : restoration of some cars now "  may not be possible " Board considers which cars to save and whether to use independent restorers
Tokyo  CNN  -- Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda of Japan reshuffled his Cabinet on Friday in an effort to advance his unpopular plan to raise the country 's sales tax and solidify his political power in parliament . Noda appointed Katsuya Okada , a former secretary general of the governing Democratic Party of Japan , as deputy prime minister . Okada is expected to take the lead in the politically challenging task of pushing the legislation to double the sales tax through parliament . Noda named Naoki Tanaka as defense minister and Jin Matsubara as consumer affairs minister . The new appointments are in response to pressure from the opposition party , which controls the parliament 's upper house . The upper house last month censured both of the previous ministers . The prime minister also named Toshio Ogawa as the justice minister and Hirofumi Hirano as education minister . The new Cabinet was set to be formally inaugurated at the Imperial Palace on Friday afternoon . The cabinet reshuffle takes place only four months into Noda 's premiership . The prime minister is already facing sagging approval numbers . The latest poll by the local agency Kyodo News shows that more than 50 % of those surveyed disapproved of Noda 's performance . Only 35.7 approved of Noda as prime minister , according to the same poll .	Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda appoints Katsuya Okada , a former party leader , as his deputy Okada is expected to lead efforts to push through an unpopular increase in the sales tax Noda also names new defense and consumer affairs ministers after opposition pressure The prime minister is already facing sagging approval numbers four months into his tenure
CNN  -- Serena Williams and Novak Djokovic might have hit upon a formula to contend with the searing heat at the Australia Open -- beat your opponents as quickly as possible . A record-equaling nine players retired from their first round matches as temperatures lingered at a stifling 40 degrees Celsius , matching the highest number of withdrawals from a single round of grand slam set at the 2003 U.S. Open and Wimbledon 2013 . Complaining players , vomiting , fainting , melting bottles and burning feet have marred the first few days of competition in Melbourne , but world No. 1 Williams and four-time champion Djokovic were both in a hurry as they registered commanding wins . Williams , a five-time winner of the year 's opening grand slam , beat 104-ranked Vesna Dolonc 6-1 6-2 , while men 's second seed Novak Djokovic defeated Argentina 's Leonardo Mayer 6-0 6-4 6-4 . Rafter return Pat Rafter 's return from retirement fell short as Australia 's Davis Cup captain and his partner Lleyton Hewitt crashed out of the men 's doubles at the first hurdle . The Australian duo were beaten 6-4 7-5 by American Eric Butorac and South African Raven Klassen but at least Rafter , who retired in 2001 , was pleased to avoid an embarrassing scoreline . "  I got through it and that was the main thing , " Rafter , who won the Australian Open men 's doubles title in 1999 , told the Australian Open website . "  It was n't embarrassing but I just was n't able to build any pressure to help Lleyton out on his return when they were serving . " Hewitt had coaxed his 41-year-old Davis Cup captain out of retirement for a one off return in Melbourne and he said afterwards : "  It was a lot of fun to team up with Pat , especially at the Australian Open which means a lot to us . "  I threw it up to Pat and he thought I was joking . He still goes all right . " Hewitt , who also lost his first round singles match to Italian Andreas Seppi to dampen home hopes , said he and Rafter would return to the court at the French Open and Wimbledon 's All England championship . But before Australian tennis fans get their hopes up , Hewitt made it clear he was only joking .	Serena Williams and Novak Djokovic seal commanding wins at Australian Open World No. 1 Williams and second seed Djokovic both register straight-sets wins A record-equaling nine players have withdrawn or retired from their first round matches Temperatures in Melbourne have lingered above 40 degrees Celsius
U.S. troops arrived in Turkey on Friday to man Patriot missile defense batteries near the Syrian border , Turkish state media said . The move was made after Syria launched Scud missiles at cities near the Turkish border . In response , the U.S. , Germany and the Netherlands have deployed Patriot air defense missiles to the border region to intercept any Syrian ballistic missiles . U.S. officials : Syria using more accurate , Iranian-made missiles The missiles and troops are under the control of NATO , but the missiles are to be operated by U.S. forces . A group of 27 U.S. troops landed in Gaziantep , Turkey , where they will survey the Patriot deployment , Turkish state news agency Anadolu said . U.S. officials did not release any information about the troops ' arrival , but had said last month that forces would be deployed to Turkey . "  We 've made very clear to them that we 're going to protect countries in this region , " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said last month . "  We have to act to do what we have to do to make sure that we defend ourselves and make sure that Turkey can defend itself . " The fight for a helicopter airport Meanwhile , Free Syrian Army fighters tried Friday for the third consecutive day to wrest control of a helicopter base from government forces . If successful , the assault on Taftanaz Air Base in northern Syria would shut President Bashar al-Assad 's military helicopter pads and diminish his ability to launch airstrikes in the region . Opposition and government sources reported that the extremist Nusra Front , which the United States has designated as a terrorist group , was taking part in the assault on the airport . Al-Assad has exacted retribution on the nearby city of Binnish , where amateur video posted on the Internet shows dozens of smoke plumes marking where ordnance has struck . Read more : Getting to know Syria 's first family On Thursday , rebels posted videos of themselves firing on the air base with truck-mounted machine guns and a captured tank , destroying one government tank and appearing to shoot down a helicopter . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of videos from the Syrian conflict posted online . Read more : Patriot missiles a warning to Syria 's al-Assad Gas station attack in Damascus In Damascus , an explosion at a gas station near a hospital killed 10 people Friday , Syrian TV reported . An opposition organization expected the toll to rise as many of the wounded were in critical condition after fire spread to nearby cars and buildings . The explosion came from a car bomb , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on its Facebook page . Read more : What 's next for Syria Appeal for missing U.S. journalist In New Hampshire , the parents of American journalist James Foley appealed Thursday to his kidnappers to release him and inform them of his whereabouts and condition of his health . Read more : American journalist abducted in Syria Foley 's father choked up while reading a statement directed at the abductors . "  We 'd like them to contact us , " he said . "  I ask the captors for their compassion and James ' quick release . " Foley was abducted in November in Syria , where he has worked for a year . He had been detained before while working in Libya but was released by the government . Read more : Missing American journalist 's parents : Send our son home The rapidly mounting death toll At least 129 people were killed across Syria on Friday , according to the Local Coordination Committees , an opposition activist network . CNN can not independently confirm those numbers . The overall death toll in Syria has surpassed 60,000 people , the United Nations said Wednesday . That 's roughly the population of Terre Haute , Indiana ; or Cheyenne , Wyoming . It 's how many people would fit in Dodger Stadium , and it 's more than the 50,000-plus U.S. combat deaths in Vietnam . Read more : U.N. 's Syria death toll jumps to 60,000-plus On Thursday , al-Assad 's forces bombed the Damascus suburb of Douma with airstrikes . In videos posted on the Internet , residents could be seen combing through rubble and pulling out bodies .	At least 129 people were killed across Syria on Friday , an opposition group says For a third day , rebels try to wrest control of a helicopter base from government forces Parents of a kidnapped U.S. journalist in Syria are pleading for his release An explosion at a gas station in Damascus kills 10 people
CNN  -- The United States are tied 1-1 with France after the first day of the Davis Cup World Group quarterfinal at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune , France . France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga gave the hosts the initiative with a four-set 7-5 6-2 2-6 6-2 win over Ryan Harrison in the opening rubber . But the United States hit back to level the tie as big-serving John Isner fired nine aces in a straight-set 6-3 6-2 7-5 win over Gilles Simon . "  I took the court very confident , " Isner said , DavisCup.com reported . "  To me no matter who I was going to play today , I was going to feel confident no matter what . So that was the case today , " he added . "  I went out there and I played very well , simple as that . I was very happy with how I played and I am happy that I was able to help the team out . " The U.S. , who are without Andy Roddick or Mardy Fish , will look to the Bryan brothers  Bob and Mike  to edge them into the lead tomorrow as they face Michael Llodra and Julien Benneteau . Meanwhile in Castellon , Spain took a firm hold on their tie against Austria as Nicolas Almagro and David Ferrer recorded straight set wins over Jurgen Melzer and Andreas Haider-Maurer respectively . The five-time champions , who are without the services of an injured Rafael Nadal , can now clinch the tie on Saturday with victory in the doubles . Almagro was on court for just under two hours in his 6-2 6-2 6-4 win over Melzer while world No. 5 Ferrer demolished Haider-Maurer 6-1 6-3 6-1 to continue his unbeaten status in Davis Cup singles matches . "  I won relatively easily and am happy with my game . Maybe the opponent played a little bit bad and made many mistakes but I played very solid and consistent , " Ferrer said , DavisCup.com reported . Over In Prague , Serbia , who are without the services of World No. 1Novak Djokovic , got off to a bad start against the Czech Republic as Tomas Berdych cruised to a straight-set win over Victor Troicki 6-2 6-1 6-2 . But Janko Tipsarevic overcame Radek Stepanek in a five-set thriller 5-7 6-4 6-4 4-6 9-7 to level the tie . The winners will face either Argentina or Croatia who are battling it out in Buenos Aires . That tie is nicely poised after Croatian No. 1 Marin Cilic beat David Nalbandian 5-7 6-4 4-6 7-6 6-3 before Juan Martin del Potro hit back leveling the match with a straight sets victory over Ivo Karlovic 6-2 7-6 6-1 .	France and U.S. all-square after first of Davis Cup quarterfinal Spain take 2-0 lead in tie against Austria ; Serbia tied 1-1 with Czech Republic in Prague Croatia and Argentina also tied at 1-1 in Buenos Aires
CNN  -- Demi Lovato reveals her father did n't "  function very well in society " before he passed . The 20-year-old singer 's dad Patrick died recently after a battle with cancer . Lovato revealed on Thursday that he suffered from a mental illness . It was previously reported she and her father were estranged for several years , but Lovato has a lot of compassion for her late father . "  I 've dealt with mental illness . My father dealt with mental illness , " she said during an appearance on "  Good Morning America . " "  He was n't able to function very well in society . " Lovato struggles with bipolar disorder , and has also previously discussed issues with self-harming and an eating disorder . The star used her TV appearance to announce she would be setting up a scholarship in her dad 's honor to help one person at a time pay for mental illness treatment . "  I 'm working with Cast Recovery , a treatment center I 've worked really , really closely with , and I have trust in their program , " she said . The "  X Factor " judge added that she and her father did not have a close relationship . A few weeks before he died , Patrick reached out to his daughter via Radar Online , telling the website he "  just wanted his little buddy back " . "  My father and I did n't have the most ideal relationship , " Lovato acknowledged during her TV interview . "  But at the end of the day , he 's still my dad . And I grew up with him , he was a wonderful person . And it 's difficult . But I 'm handling it OK . " Lovato also paid tribute to her fans for their support during difficult times . "  The best thing about my fans is they have stood by me for everything I 've been through , " Lovato said . "  And this past week has been a rough week . I had incredible support from them . " The star is keeping busy promoting her new single , "  Made in the USA . " See the original story at CoverMG.com .	Demi Lovato appeared on "  Good Morning America " Thursday She discussed the death of her father , Patrick , who dealt with mental illness In his honor , the singer 's setting up a scholarship at a recovery center to help those in need
CNN  -- Isaac Owusu knows the forests of Kakum National Park in Ghana like the back of his hand . The 360-square-kilometer sanctuary is home to hundreds of plant species , as well as endangered animals including , leopards , elephants , hornbills , African grey parrots and many more . But while Owusu now proudly walks through the sanctuary as a tour guide , he gained his knowledge of the reserve a different way : as a poacher . It was 15 years ago that he decided to go from hunter to protector , but says that his decision to change his ways at first endangered his own life . Fellow villagers and other poachers threatened to shoot him , he says , because he "  let them down . " Now however many more have thanked him for showing that conservation and tourism can provide other ways to make a living from the forest . The national reserve and its tourism industry have created jobs for people from the 52 surrounding villages , which in turn brings more sustainable income to their communities . See also : Ghana : Keeping one of Africa 's stars of democracy shining Kakum was turned into a forest reserve in 1925 , designated a national park in 1992 and opened to the public two years later . Within 20 years , it has become a must-see tourist spot in the country , attracting an average of 180,000 visitors every year . For tourists the main draw is the so-called canopy walkway . The series of hanging bridges stretches 350 meters long , connecting seven treetops . The swaying walkway -- reaching as high as 40 meters above the ground -- tests one 's nerves , but it does offer a stunning vantage point of the forest 's diverse flora and fauna . Just outside Kakum lies farmland , which can lead to conflicts between villagers and wild animals , particularly elephants that wander beyond the park 's boundaries and raid the crops . Conservation officials have taught farmers in the area to build chili fences , a low-tech method , around their fields to deter crop-raiding elephants . But few farmers adopt the measures , with many saying they face financial constraints and insufficient knowledge to install and maintain the fences . Plus , old habits die hard . Some of the locals also still treat the forest as their hunting grounds as bush meat is a common source of protein in West Africa . See also : Bamboo bikes turn around fortunes for working women in Ghana Kakum 's challenges echo those of the country . Ghana 's rapidly dwindling rainforests and biodiversity face threats from poaching , as well as illegal logging . Slash-and-burn agriculture is still common in Ghana , as in other parts of Western Africa . Mineral mining , both large and small in scale , also exacts a toll on the rainforests . While Ghana has seen success in reducing elephant poaching and illegal ivory trade , but it still struggles to clamp down on bush-meat hunting . Increased access to forests has helped create an even bigger market that transcends national borders . By one estimate , bush-meat trade in Ghana reaches $ 350 million a year . But for now , Ghana -- like many other countries like in the world , from Kenya to Cambodia -- has turned to converted hunters like Owusu to help conserve its precious wildlife . See also : Ghana : Keeping one of Africa 's stars of democracy shining See also : Bamboo bikes turn around fortunes for working women in Ghana Yenni Kwok contributed to this report . CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Kakum National Park in Ghana is a 360-square-kilometer sanctuary for hundreds of plant species and animals Its canopy walkway is a series of bridges stretching 350 meters long , connecting seven treetops Local villagers and former poachers encouraged to turn to conservation as alternative livelihoods
An employee of the Florida State Attorney 's Office who testified that prosecutors withheld evidence from George Zimmerman 's defense team has been fired . Ben Kruidbos had been on paid administrative leave since May 28 from his job as director of information technology for the State Attorney 's Office . A spokeswoman for Fourth Judicial Circuit State Attorney Angela Corey said Kruidbos was no longer an employee of the office . Zimmerman , a former neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford , is on trial in the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin last year . Kruidbos testified before Zimmerman 's trial began that Martin 's cell phone contained images of Martin blowing smoke , images of marijuana and deleted text messages regarding a transaction for a firearm and that those images had not been given to Zimmerman 's defense team . He received the termination letter , dated July 11 , on Friday , the same day jurors began deliberating Zimmerman 's case . The letter states : "  It has come to our attention that you violated numerous State Attorney 's Office  SAO  policies and procedures and have engaged in deliberate misconduct that is especially egregious in light of your position . " Read the termination letter Kruidbos said that , when he printed a 900-page Florida Department of Law Enforcement report from Martin 's cell phone in late 2012 or early 2013 , he noticed information was missing . Concerned that attorneys did not have all the information they needed to prepare the case , he said , he reported his concerns to a State Attorney 's Office investigator and later to prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda . Kruidbos said he generated a report that was more than three times the size of the one that had been handed over . For example , Kruidbos said that 2,958 photos were in the report given to the defense but that his report contained 4,275 photos . Kruidbos also said that he has been told to not put specific case-identifying information into internal e-mails . Through his attorney , Wesley White , Kruidbos informed Zimmerman 's defense team that the information existed . Did investigators blow the Zimmerman case ? In court , Kruidbos testified that he was concerned that he could be held liable if all information was n't shared . "  All the information is important in the process to ensure it 's a fair trial , " he said . In a six-page dismissal letter , the State Attorney 's Office , Fourth Judicial Circuit , blasted Kruidbos ' assertions and motivations . Managing Director Cheryl R. Peek accused Kruidbos of having erased data from a laptop in violation of the Public Records Law and derided his concern about being held liable as "  feigned and spurious " and "  nothing more than shameful manipulation in a shallow , but obvious , attempt to cloak yourself in the protection of the whistleblower law . " She concluded , "  Because of your deliberate , willful and unscrupulous actions , you can never again be trusted to step foot in this office . Your have left us with no choice but to terminate your employment . " But the defense said Kruidbos ' testimony supports its claim that the state violated the rules of discovery . Ex-Sanford police chief : Zimmerman probe ` taken away from us ' "  When it takes me six months to get a color picture of my client , when the first one I get is a black and white , when I look at it and go , ` This is off a cell phone ; cell phones do n't take black-and-white pictures , ' and I ask for a color copy , that takes two months , " defense lawyer Mark O'Mara said Wednesday in an interview with CNN 's Martin Savidge . "  And then I get a pastel-colored color copy of it , and it takes me to file a motion and have a hearing set before I get the actual . jpeg , no , that 's frustrating . That should not happen . I 've done this too long to make believe in my own mind that that 's happenstance . " O'Mara said he learned about the missing information months after he was to have received it . "  The only way that we really found out about it ... and the only way that we really found out about the intensity of the failure to give us information was when a person from their own office , a whistle-blower , came forward and said , ' I gave them that information in the middle to end of January ' and we did n't get it until June 4th . " He said he was "  beyond " shocked . "  It could have derailed the trial , " he said . The defense said it did not get the complete report until a few days before the trial . O'Mara and co-counsel Don West argued that they needed more time to go through the information found on Martin 's phone and asked for a delay , which was denied . Judge Debra Nelson said before the trial that the possibility of sanctions -- requested by the defense -- would be addressed after the verdict . The defense team declined to comment Saturday .	State worker Ben Kruidbos had been on paid leave since May 28 He testified in a pretrial hearing that the defense had not been given all of the evidence He said that more than 1,000 photos were not handed over
Mental Floss  -- Owning a professional sports franchise is my dream job .  I 'm willing to relocate .  Of course , I could never afford my own team . There 's a better chance I 'll miraculously develop an unhittable slider , or learn to punt . NFL team owner Robert Kraft got his start in the paper business . You obviously must be exceedingly wealthy to become an owner . Did you ever wonder how all these people made all that money ? I sure hope you did , because we went and did all this research . Here 's a list of nine billionaire owners and how they built their fortunes . 1 . Rich DeVos , Orlando Magic  NBA In 1959 , DeVos and high school friend Jay Van Andel started selling all-purpose cleaner . Their business grew to become Amway , which now brings in $ 6 billion each year under the ominous-sounding Alticor name . Whether you see Amway as an empowering direct sales company or a something resembling a cult , it sure was good to DeVos . Forbes estimates his wealth at $ 3.5 billion , making the paltry $ 85 million he spent on the Magic in 1991 a minor investment . 2 . Robert L. Johnson , Charlotte Bobcats  NBA Lower on my list of dream jobs is running a cable network that caters to urban youth . So I 'm all kinds of envious of Robert L. , who founded BET and sold it to Viacom for $ 3 billion in 2001 . His fortune was depleted by an expensive divorce , but Johnson 's estimated net worth is still $ 1.1 billion . His resume is full of firsts BET was the first African-American owned company traded on the NYSE . He was the first African-American billionaire in the U.S. And , in 2002 , he became the first African-American majority owner of a professional sports franchise . 3 . Robert Kraft , New England Patriots  NFL I 'd never given it much thought , but I 'd always assumed Kraft bought the Patriots with big cheese money he 'd inherited . But Kraft got his start in the paper business . His wife , Myra , is the daughter of Massachusetts philanthropist Jacob Hiatt . After Kraft finished Harvard Business School , he went to work with his father-in-law 's packaging company . In 1972 , Kraft founded International Forest Products , which is now part of the Kraft Group -- a diversified collection of companies ranging from Gillette Stadium to the New England Revolution  Major League Soccer  to Carmel Container Systems  Israel 's largest packaging plant  . Kraft is seen as a savior in New England -- before he bought the team in 1994 , the Pats seemed destined for relocation to St. Louis . Plus he 's made them really , really good , winning three Super Bowls this decade . Another reason I 'm so keen on owning a team is the access to foreign heads of state . In 2005 , Kraft met Vladimir Putin , who walked off with one of Kraft 's Super Bowl rings . Kraft now claims it was a gift , but that might just be what you say when a Russian leader steals your jewelry . Mental Floss : How ex-presidents and prime ministers make ends meet 4 . Hiroshi Yamauchi , Seattle Mariners  MLB Despite America 's strong resistance to Japanese ownership -- and despite his admitted lack of interest in baseball -- Hiroshi Yamauchi became majority owner of the Seattle Mariners in 1992 . Yamauchi is the man credited with transforming Nintendo from playing-card company to video game giant . His 55-year tenure saw incredible growth . But that does n't mean there were n't a few bumps along the way . Forays into instant rice , taxi service and short-stay hotels  also known as "  love hotels "  did not pan out . 5 . Jerry Jones , Dallas Cowboys  NFL Jerry Jones built an oil empire in the early 1970s , striking gas in the first thirteen wells he drilled . His father had given him a head start ; Pat Jones sold the Modern Security Life Insurance Company for millions . An undersized guard , Jones was captain of the 1965 Cotton Bowl-winning Arkansas Razorbacks . Future Cowboys coach Jimmy Johnson was a teammate , and Johnson 's successor , Barry Switzer , was a Razorbacks assistant . Jones bought the Cowboys for an estimated $ 140 million in 1989 . He immediately made waves by firing Tom Landry -- the only coach in Cowboys history -- and replacing him with his college buddy  the aforementioned Jimmy Johnson , who was coaching the University of Miami  . After a rocky 1-15 start in 1989 , the Cowboys went on to win three Super Bowls in the 1990s . Mental Floss : A brief history of stadium naming rights 6 . Malcolm Glazer , Tampa Bay Buccaneers  NFL  , Manchester United  English Premier League Malcolm Glazer inherited a small jewelry repair business from his father . But it was Malcolm 's investments in Florida trailer parks that started his financial ascent . He went on to become president and CEO of First Allied Corporation , which now owns 6,700,000 square feet of retail space . He was also chairman of Gilbert/Robinson , Inc. , which managed over 100 restaurants , including Houlihan 's and Darryl 's . Today , the Glazer family oversees strip malls and nursing homes throughout the land . Glazer also has a large stake in Zapata , an oil company founded by George H.W. Bush . Glazer made five previous attempts to join the elite ranks of NFL ownership , including a failed 1993 bid to bring an expansion team to Baltimore . The New York Times said Glazer had "  a reputation as a franchise window shopper , one who looks at virtually every team that comes up for sale . " But in 1995 , he outbid George Steinbrenner for the downtrodden Tampa Bay Buccaneers . Under his leadership , the franchise was righted , earning a Super Bowl title in 2003 . Glazer also bought Manchester United , and fans were n't exactly pleased . 7 . Stanley Kroenke , Denver Nuggets  NBA  , Colorado Avalanche  NHL  , St. Louis Rams  NFL -- partial owner Kroenke is a self-made man who also married mega-rich . He earned his estimated $ 2.1 billion fortune in real estate , developing shopping centers across the country . Then he went ahead and married a Walton -- Ann Walton . Sam 's niece . She 's worth another $ 3 + billion . A sports junkie , Kroenke also owns Major League Soccer franchise Colorado Rapids and a share in Premier League 's Arsenal F.C. 8 . Daniel Gilbert , Cleveland Cavaliers  NBA With $ 5,000 he 'd earned delivering pizzas -- and after a stint as a TV reporter -- the future Cavs owner started a small mortgage company called Rock Financial in 1985 . In 1999 , the company was bought by Intuit for $ 532 million . Three years later , Gilbert bought it back for $ 64 mil , renaming the company Quicken Loans . He purchased the Cavaliers for $ 375 mil in 2005 . He also owns Fathead , which makes wall decals and tiresome ads . On the side , Gilbert is working to beat Michigan 's steroid-free bench-pressing record . 9 . Stephen Bisciotti , Baltimore Ravens  NFL At 48 , Stephen Bisciotti is one of the NFL 's youngest owners . He made his money in staffing -- specifically , finding talented engineers for the aerospace industry . With Jim Davis , Bisciotti founded Aerotek in 1983  he was 23  . Their staffing company , now known as the Allegis Group , had revenues of $ 4.4 billion in 2005 . Bisciotti bought 49 percent of the Ravens in 2000 , and purchased the rest from Art Modell in 2004 . Mental Floss : What your favorite teams were almost called For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	The NFL 's Malcolm Glazer got started as an owner of Florida trailer parks The Cleveland Cavaliers head was a pizza deliveryman and TV reporter Baltimore Ravens chief found talented engineers for the aerospace industry Russia 's Putin walked off with NFL owner Robert Kraft 's Super Bowl ring
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will announce plans Friday to nominate San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro to be his next secretary of Housing and Urban Development , a government source said . The 39-year old , three-term mayor first gained national recognition when he delivered the keynote address at the 2012 Democratic National Convention -- the first Hispanic to do so . First elected in 2009 and re-elected in 2011 and 2013 , Castro is the youngest mayor of a major American city . He has been widely considered a rising leader in the Democratic Party and some even say a potential vice presidential candidate in 2016 . Castro would replace Shaun Donovan , who the President plans to nominate as director of the Office of Management and Budget , the source said . Donovan has been a member of the Obama administration from the start . Both men will join Obama at the White House for the announcement Friday afternoon , the source said . Opinion : Why Julian Castro said yes to Obama A graduate of Stanford University and Harvard Law School , Castro began his political career at a young age . At 26 , he was the youngest councilman ever elected in San Antonio . Four years later , he ran for mayor , but lost to retired judge and fellow Democrat Phil Hardberger . Another four years and Castro was in City Hall at the ripe old age of 34 . Castro was re-elected in 2011 with 82 % of the vote and in 2013 with 67 % . He has spoken out in favor of same-sex marriage and of affirmative action , even telling The New York Times that it helped him get into Stanford . Former San Antonio mayor and HUD secretary Henry Cisneros told CNN in a previous interview that Castro is a good fit for the job , noting the current mayor 's record of expanding pre-K education , revitalizing San Antonio 's downtown and shoring up the city 's finances . Mayors ' stories out of school With an eye on 2016 , Cisneros said the mayor could "  learn the country " as HUD secretary , arguing , "  It 's a lot more likely he can get on that ticket from a national office than from a mayor 's job . " Not everyone is a fan , though . "  He 's a tax-and-spend liberal . He does not represent all Hispanics ; we 're not all the same , " George Rodriguez , president of the tea party in San Antonio , said in 2012 . Castro is the grandson of Mexican immigrants . His grandmother came to Texas from Mexico as an orphan at the age of 6 . She taught herself to read and write in Spanish , eventually finding work in San Antonio as a maid and a cook . His twin brother Joaquin Castro , who introduced him at the DNC in 2012 , represents Texas ' 20th district , which includes parts of San Antonio , in the House of Representatives . CNN 's Greg Seaby , Conor Finnegan , Sarah Aarthun , Ed Lavandera and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	President Obama will announce his plan to nominate Julian Castro as HUD secretary The announcement is expected Friday afternoon , a source says Castro is the mayor of San Antonio If confirmed for the job , Castro replaces Shaun Donovan
Travel + Leisure  -- You have n't experienced Christmas lights until you 've seen nearly four miles of them artfully hung in patterns dictated by Tiffany 's head designer in Copenhagen 's famed historic amusement park , Tivoli Gardens -- and that 's not counting the 1,800 strands dramatically draped on the lakeside willows . Salzburg , Austria 's Christkindlmarkt is one of Europe 's oldest markets . Copenhagen celebrates Jul  as in "  yuletide "  in high style , with its famed Christmas market the centerpiece . Stalls stocked with fine handmade crafts , including traditional figurines of clog-clad elves in pointy red caps , compete for space with vendors selling iced doughnuts slathered with black currant jam and hefty cups of gløgg , a steaming hot mulled red wine laden with raisins , almonds , cinnamon sticks and cloves -- all of which , for good measure , are steeped in aquavit or schnapps . Christmas in Europe is a time for elaborate pastries straight out of a medieval cookbook , for lyrical midnight masses in Gothic churches and for the upholding of quirky local traditions -- in many countries , Christmas just is n't complete without mischievous pixies , kindly witches  Rome  , treacherous demons  Salzburg  or an 8,000-pound fruitcake  Dresden  . However else Europeans celebrate the Yuletide season , Christmas still centers around an Advent market that , in most cases , has filled the square before the cathedral each December for hundreds upon hundreds of years . Many markets start on the Friday before Advent , which is four Sundays before Christmas Eve ; most end on December 24 , especially in Germanic countries , where Christmas Eve is set aside for trimming the tree at home . Others keep celebrating until Epiphany on January 6 . Travel + Leisure.com : See Europe 's best Christmas markets These markets are where the romance of the holiday comes alive in grand tradition -- smells of gingerbread and roasting sausages waft through the cold air , handmade ornaments adorn ancient fir trees , master glassblowers and other artisans ply their crafts in wooden stalls , shoppers bustle past Gothic church facades and half-timbered houses , pausing to sip their glühwein , heavily spiced and mulled "  glow wine " -- the piping-hot beverage of choice at any self-respecting Teutonic Christmas market . This is what Christmas should be -- a holiday free of mall Muzak and the frantic need to lay your hands on the superstore 's last Tickle Me Xbox . It 's an old-world Christmas of heartfelt caroling and wooden toys , where every gift is crafted by hand and Santa has n't outsourced his workshop to China . For a few precious frost-nipped weeks , these museum-piece cities of Olde World Europe flicker back to the Middle Ages -- not the ossified medieval throwbacks of soot-blackened cathedrals and tourist-bedeviled museums , but the living , breathing yesteryear of a bustling outdoor marketplace . A few practical notes : It 's wise to book as far in advance as possible in these Christmas hotspots , especially for trips between December 15 and January 1 and definitely for December 24 and 25 . That goes not only for your lodging but also for restaurants , many of which close on Christmas Eve and Day ; those that are open usually offer a set-price feast and book up fast with locals . Planning a Caribbean getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's new Ultimate Caribbean Hotel Guide - CLICK HERE Copyright 2007 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Copenhagen 's Tivoli Gardens glitters with lights during the market Advent markets have been held for hundreds of years Handmade crafts , local snacks and mulled wine are typical
CNN  -- Tiger Woods will not play in next week 's Masters after undergoing successful back surgery , the world No. 1 announced Tuesday . The 14-time major winner will miss the tournament for the first time since making his debut at Augusta National as an amateur in 1995 . On Monday , he had an operation on a pinched nerve "  that has been hurting him for several months . " "  After attempting to get ready for the Masters , and failing to make the necessary progress , I decided , in consultation with my doctors , to have this procedure done , " Woods , who has donned the green jacket on four occasions , said in a statement . Although the surgery was successfully performed in Utah by neurosurgeon Dr Charles Rich , Woods now needs to rest and rehabilitate for "  the next several weeks . " "  I 'd like to express my disappointment to the Augusta National membership , staff , volunteers and patrons that I will not be at the Masters , " the 38-year-old added . "  It 's a week that 's very special to me . "  It also looks like I 'll be forced to miss several upcoming tournaments to focus on my rehabilitation and getting healthy . "  I 'd also like to thank the fans for their support and concern . It 's very kind and greatly appreciated . This is frustrating , but it 's something my doctors advised me to do for my immediate and long-term health . " Woods has been struggling since last year with the back injury , which has severely hampered his game in the opening months of 2014 . In early March , the condition forced him to stop playing after 13 holes of his final round at the Honda Classic . When he tried to return to action the following week at the WGC-Cadillac Championship in Miami , he aggravated the injury when tweaking his back . On March 18 , he withdrew from the Arnold Palmer Invitational , explaining that neither the back spasms nor pain had subsided and telephoning Palmer personally to apologize for his absence . This year 's Masters begins on Thursday April 10 . The course is a special place for Woods , who won his maiden major at Augusta in 1997 . Beating the field by an astonishing 12 strokes , the then 21-year-old announced his arrival in imperious fashion . He has won the coveted green jacket another three times since : in 2001 , 2002 and 2005 . An indication of Woods ' devotion to the Masters is that he made his long-awaited return to golf in 2010 at Augusta following the well-documented breakdown of his marriage . The tournament had been the only major he had never missed , with a succession of injuries ruling him out of the British Open , the U.S. Open and the PGA Championship at various times since 2008 . ` Further Damage ' In a statement on his website , it was suggested Woods will "  begin intensive rehabilitation and soft-tissue treatment within a week . " The aim is for one of the game 's most legendary figures to return in the summer , with the press release stating that "  Woods could have sustained further damage if he had continued to play . " Despite the disappointment of missing one of his favorite tournaments , Woods remains focused on cementing his place in the golfing firmament . "  It 's tough right now , but I 'm absolutely optimistic about the future , " said Woods , whose last major came in 2008 . "  There are a couple -LSB- of -RSB- records by two outstanding individuals and players that I hope one day to break . "  As I 've said many times , Sam and Jack reached their milestones over an entire career . I plan to have a lot of years left in mine . " Nicknamed ` The Golden Bear ' , 70-year-old Nicklaus ' record of 18 career majors is the main target in Woods ' sights . Meanwhile , Sam Snead , who died in 2002 at the age of 89 , won more PGA Tour titles than any other golfer but his 82 victories are just three ahead of Woods ' tally . Both players ' careers spanned at least 25 years , so allowing Woods -- who turned professional 18 years ago -- plenty of time to chase his targets .	Tiger Woods will miss the Masters after back surgery The world No. 1 had an operation on a pinched nerve The American has not missed the Augusta National event since making his debut in 1995 Woods has won the Masters on four occasions
CNN  -- Okay , so Alec Baldwin is n't the world 's most sympathetic character . He throws tantrums , smacks the occasional photographer and was once caught on tape calling his preteen daughter a "  thoughtless little pig . " But he 's still right to vent his spleen at the New York Post . "  Everyone who breathes air knows the Post is the worst newspaper in human history , " Baldwin declared on Twitter . Well , human history might be going a bit far . Baldwin was responding to caustic columnist Andrea Peyser , who called him a "  bloviating psycho . " Rupert Murdoch 's paper has obviously taken great delight in targeting the liberal actor . But there 's a larger issue here than just another tantalizing tabloid feud . Baldwin has allegedly been pursued by a stalker , which is no laughing matter . And he has mounted something of a crusade against the stalking photographers known as the paparazzi . So when you strip away the name-calling , as entertaining as that is , this is a debate about the price of celebrity and the limits of privacy . Watch : Did Rupert Murdoch Skate in British Report on Phone Hacking ? Here 's the back story . Baldwin , the star of "  30 Rock , " has allegedly been harassed by a Canadian actress named Genevieve Sabourin . She claims they had a sexual encounter , what the Post calls a "  sweaty night of passion , " in 2010 , and that they maintained an online romantic relationship for months .  Baldwin says they only had dinner . Sabourin was arrested in April after showing up at Baldwin 's Greenwich Village apartment building , according to news reports . She has also allegedly appeared at a Lincoln Center screening where the actor was speaking , hung around his Hamptons retreat and sent him dozens of e-mails , the New York Daily News reported . One had the subject heading "  Defcon 1 , " according to an affidavit signed by Baldwin , ABC news reported , and said if he did n't talk to Sabourin that she would start a war against him . Watch : Are TV Newsbabes Dressing Sexy for Ratings ? Sabourin was arrested again last week for violating a court order by allegedly aiming a series of tweets at Baldwin and his wife , Hilaria , the 28-year-old yoga instructor he married last spring . Apparently you can just as easily harass someone online as in person . The woman described by her lawyer as "  starstruck " was released from jail after a judge rejected a prosecution request for $ 5,000 bail . Sabourin is fighting the charges . Watch : Media Embrace Cop Who Bought Boots for Homeless Man So even if Baldwin is no Jack Donaghy , the suave TV executive he plays on NBC , does he deserve this ? Does being famous mean the privacy laws somehow do n't apply to you ? Baldwin is hardly immune from ridicule , but he 's entitled to the same legal protection as an ordinary Joe . The Post 's Peyser , who can be bitingly funny , has chosen to launch a crusade on Genevieve Sabourin 's behalf . Last April she wrote , obviously tongue in cheek , of her own "  cracked and perverse relationship " with Baldwin , driven by her "  all-out and disturbingly weird and committed obsession " with the actor . He got personal as well , tweeting , "  Andrea Peyser , you are as bad a writer as you are filled with self-hatred . " Watch : Why a Video of a Botched Butt Implant Went Viral Peyser now writes that "  the blubberous Baldwin " should drop the charges . Baldwin says the matter is out of his hands , now that the district attorney has brought charges . As for the New York Post , Baldwin tweeted , "  Shame on them for politicizing a criminal case ... and shame on the morally bankrupt partisan trash Andrea Peyser , who demeans all women by inferring that a charge of criminal harassment is overkill when the defendant is a woman . The ` lovesick ' defense . " Baldwin 's spokesman Matthew Hiltzik confirmed the series of tweets , which the actor later took down , but declined further comment . I do n't mind Peyser using Baldwin as her personal piÃ ± ata ; she 's in the columnizing business , and he 's certainly fair game . But there is a mindset in which the press feels free to trample on the rights of celebrities , as when Murdoch 's London tabloid News of the World mercilessly hacked the phones of British stars . The legal system is doing fine in dealing with Alec Baldwin 's alleged stalker . But some in the media seem to be stalking Baldwin as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : New York Post has been afflicting Alec Baldwin , who is correct to vent spleen He says Canadian woman has allegedly stalked Baldwin , was arrested in April , last month He says Baldwin rages against paparazzi ; what is price of celebrity , limits of privacy ? Kurtz : Post 's Peyser defends alleged stalker ; it seems some in media are stalking Baldwin too
CNN  -- The racially charged email that led to Atlanta Hawks controlling owner Bruce Levenson giving up his team was discovered after another member of the Hawks leadership made a racial comment , the team 's CEO said . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Hawks CEO Steve Koonin said the comment during a June conference call about free agents prompted an internal investigation . That comment was made by Hawks general manager Danny Ferry , Koonin said . Koonin told CNN that Ferry has been punished "  in excess " for the comment , but gave no details . CNN spoke with a source with knowledge of the Hawks probe who said that Ferry was relaying information that an outside party had given him about player Luol Deng . Deng now plays for the Miami Heat . Hawks owners were on the call , the source told CNN . It 's common for a team , when discussing free agent players , to gather information about those players , because they could be given multimillion-dollar contracts . What Ferry relayed was racially insensitive , and that prompted one of the team 's owners to say that a closer look at the organization was needed . An investigation began . During that probe , Levenson 's email was uncovered . Attempts to reach Ferry on Monday were unsuccessful . On Sunday , Ferry told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution : "  I support Steve  Koonin  's leadership and greatly appreciate his support . I look to learn from this situation and help us become a better organization . " What we know so far A two-month investigation After the June conference call , the Hawks brought in an outside law firm to review the organization from top to bottom , in an investigation that took two months to complete . "  There were 19 people interviewed , 24,000 pieces of evidence looked at , and in that discovery -- that internal investigation -- this email that we released this morning was found , from Bruce Levenson , " Koonin told CNN 's Martin Savidge on Sunday night . "  Bruce was confronted with this email from 2012 , and he decided that instead of fighting it ... he thought it was best for the city , for the team , for his family , to walk away . " The email to Ferry -- which bemoaned the high percentage of black cheerleaders and said that white fans may have been scared away by black fans -- led Levenson to announce Sunday that he will sell his controlling stake in the team . Levenson 's 2012 email addressed the troubles the franchise faced in attracting more affluent white season-ticket holders . The owner said he had taken a look around Philips Arena and noticed a few things . First , the audience was 70 % black , he wrote . The stadium 's bars were 90 % black . The cheerleaders were black . There were few fathers and sons at the games . The music played in the arena was hip-hop , and the after-game concerts were either rap or gospel acts . "  Then i start looking around at other arenas . It is completely different . Even  Washington  DC with its affluent black community never has more than 15 pct black audience , " he wrote . Koonin has been the Hawks ' CEO for two months . He said he was "  mortified and angry " about the email and met with the team 's players Sunday night . "  It was like walking into a funeral , " Koonin said of the meeting . "  These are young men who wear our city 's name and our logo on their chest . They play for a team , and they are supposed to be supported by their ownership . And ownership failed in supporting them . " Read the email in its entirety ' I trivialized our fans ' In his announcement Sunday , Levenson said he will sell his controlling stake in the team after an "  email two years ago that was inappropriate and offensive . " A man answering the phone at his Maryland home told CNN that Levenson was not taking any phone calls . In focusing on low attendance at Hawks games and the need to boost season-ticket sales and corporate sponsors , Levenson said in his statement , he had spoken with executives about diversifying the fan base and including more suburban whites . During those discussions , "  I shared my thoughts on why our efforts to bridge Atlanta 's racial sports divide seemed to be failing , " he wrote . "  I trivialized our fans by making cliched assumptions about their interests  i.e. hip hop vs. country , white vs. black cheerleaders , etc.  and by stereotyping their perceptions of one another  i.e. that white fans might be afraid of our black fans  , " he said in his statement . "  By focusing on race , I also sent the unintentional and hurtful message that our white fans are more valuable than our black fans . " ` The black crowd scared away the whites ' In his 2012 email , Levenson wrote that before his Atlanta Spirit Group bought the Hawks in 2003 , thousands of tickets were being given away , mostly to the black community , in an effort to make the arena appear less empty . It was a trend that continued for a couple of years after the Atlanta Spirit Group took over , he wrote in a seemingly informal email rife with punctuation errors and misspellings . "  My theory is that the black crowd scared away the whites and there are simply not enough affluent black fans to build a signficant season ticket base , " he wrote . "  i never felt uncomfortable , but i think southern whites simply were not comfortable being in an arena or at a bar where they were in the minority . " Levenson derided claims on fan websites that the arena is unsafe or in a bad part of town as "  racist garbage , " but then suggested an array of changes inside the stadium , all based on race . ' I want some white cheerleaders ' "  I have been open with our executive team about these concerns . I have told them I want some white cheerleaders and while i do n't care what the color of the artist is , i want the music to be music familiar to a 40 year old white guy if that 's our season tixs demo , " he wrote . He continued , "  i have also balked when every fan picked out of crowd to shoot shots in some time out contest is black . I have even bitched that the kiss cam is too black . " Things had changed since Levenson implemented these suggestions , he wrote , boasting that the crowd was closer to 40 % black by 2012 , by his admittedly unscientific estimate . That was still four to five times higher than other NBA franchises , he wrote , "  and my further guess is that 40 pct still feels like 70  percent  to some whites at our games . Our bars are still overwhelmingly black . " While noting this was a sensitive issue , Levenson went on to declare it "  far and way the number one reason our season ticket base is so low . And many of our black fans do n't have the spendable income which explains why our  food and beverage  and merchandise sales are so low . At all white thrasher games sales were nearly triple what they are at hawks games . " The year before Levenson wrote the controversial email , the Atlanta Spirit Group sold its NHL team , the Atlanta Thrashers , to a Canadian ownership group that moved the team north of the border . It 's now called the Winnipeg Jets . Comparisons to Donald Sterling In his Sunday statement , Levenson said the NBA should have no tolerance for racism , a sentiment he also expressed during a CNN interview earlier this year when he talked about Donald Sterling , the Los Angeles Clippers owner who was caught making racist remarks on tape . Team owners behaving badly Discussing Sterling 's reluctance to sell the team after the scandal broke , Levenson said in May that , as a fellow team owner , he could n't be partners with someone who holds those types of views . "  I think I speak for all of my partners when I say we were all deeply offended . We all quickly spoke out against the words we heard on that tape , " Levenson said . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , who brought the hammer down on Sterling , called Levenson 's 2012 email "  entirely unacceptable " and commended Levenson for self-reporting to the league office . Levenson told the league in July about the August 2012 email , and the NBA conducted an investigation , the statement said . "  Levenson  shared with me how truly remorseful he is for using those hurtful words and how apologetic he is to the entire NBA family -- fans , players , team employees , business partners and fellow team owners -- for having diverted attention away from our game , " Silver said . The league will work with the Hawks to determine the appropriate sale process for the team , Silver said . Koonin , the Hawks CEO , will oversee team operations , the league said . In closing his statement , Levenson said he was embarrassed by the email and apologized to the team and its fans . "  To the Hawks family and its fans , you have my deepest gratitude for the past ten years , " Levenson wrote . "  Working with this team and its extraordinary executives , coaching staff , and players has been one of the highlights of my life . I am proud of our diverse , passionate , and growing legion of Hawks fans , and I will continue to join you in cheering for the best team in the NBA . " According to the Hawks website , Levenson , a former journalist , co-founded United Communications Group , a portfolio of business information companies , and is a founding shareholder and former board member for TechTarget , a technology media company . Koonin said that while Levenson will make money from the sale , he is still paying a price . "  The only thing we all have in our life is our reputation , and his was damaged today -- by him , and not by anyone else . " Opinion : Levenson and the Hawks ' real problem Opinion : Atlanta Hawks owner is a hypocrite CNN 's Jill Martin , Vivian Kuo , and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Hawks ' general manager was accused of a racially insensitive remark The GM was punished ; his comment triggered the probe that led to Levenson email Levenson wrote that he wanted white cheerleaders and music familiar to whites He also said "  white fans might be afraid of our black fans , " the owner acknowledges
CNN  The mother of the man who killed two New York police officers has spoken out , apologizing for the horror her son Ismaaiyl Brinsley caused before taking his own life . "  Ismaaiyl was a very troubled young man whose life was in turmoil and spiraling out of control , " Shakuwra Dabre said in a statement to CNN affiliate WABC . "  We were estranged for a few years , with occasional contact . I am deeply sorry for the loss of the two innocent men who were killed , and offer my sincerest condolences to their families . " In an interview with the New York Daily News , Dabre said she was "  horrified " when she found out what her son had done . "  And please accept my deepest condolences , sincerely . As a mother now I hurt for the loss of my son . Just like they 're hurting for the loss of their sons , " she said . The families of police officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos are "  suffering unspeakable pain , " New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said Monday . The two men were shot and killed in their car while on duty . "  Our first obligation is to stand by them in every way we can . And I call upon everyone to focus on these families in these next days . " Lucy Ramos , aunt of Rafael Ramos , thanked "  all those who have shared their sympathy and support . " Speaking Sunday night , she said her nephew " will always be loved and missed by many . I hope and pray that we can reflect on this tragic loss of lives that have occurred so that we can move forward and find an amicable path to a peaceful co-existence . " Outside Liu 's home Monday evening , his widow thanked members of the community for their support and sent condolences to the Ramos family . "  This is a difficult time for both of our families , " Pei Xia Chen said , "  but we will stand together and get through this together . " The two had just been married in September . Brinsley had a long rap sheet and struggled with mental illness . In a 2011 hearing in Cobb County , Georgia , he pleaded guilty to theft , property damage , possession of a firearm by a felon and discharging a gun near a public street after he used a stolen .25 - caliber handgun to fire into a gold Chevy Malibu . When asked by a judge at the hearing whether he 'd ever been a patient in a mental institution or under the care of a psychologist or psychiatrist , he answered yes , according to court documents . He had an extensive criminal record , including at least 19 arrests , a two-year prison term and several stints in Georgia jails , said New York Police Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce . Brinsley comes from a Muslim family . Relatives said he "  has never expressed any radicalization , " Boyce said . Brinsley 's aunt and sister told CNN affiliate WCBS that the family struggled to understand why he was set free after so many run-ins with the law . "  They kept releasing him into the streets , " Jalaa'a Brinsley said , "  so is n't that a problem that the justice system should be asking , not us ? " Authorities are investigating how Brinsley got the gun he used in the attack . A man purchased the handgun at a Georgia pawn shop in 1996 , when Brinsley was 9 . Investigators said Brinsley 's mother described her son as "  very often violent , " following "  a very troubled childhood . " He had tried to commit suicide , she told them , according to Boyce .	Police killer 's mother : ' I am deeply sorry ' Her son was ` spiraling out of control , ' she tells a CNN affiliate NYC Mayor vows to stand by officers ' families in "  unspeakable pain " Investigators probe how Brinsley got the gun he used
CNN  -- On September 13 , President Obama spoke about the importance of historically black colleges and universities as part of HBCU Week . It was a thrill for me to be there . He paid tribute those who created these schools : "  We remember all the men and women who took great risks and made extraordinary sacrifices to ensure that these institutions that you lead could exist , " Obama said . "  We remember that at a critical time in our nation 's history , HBCUs waged war against illiteracy and ignorance -- and won . " I appreciated the president 's words of praise and encouragement . But I felt that one group was overlooked in the president 's remarks : the churches that brought these remarkable institutions into being . UNCF-the United Negro College Fund represents the nation 's private black colleges and universities . Private HBCUs trace their history to the years just before and after the Civil War , when they were founded by a variety of Christian denominations . They were some of the few institutions of that era that believed educating slaves , former slaves and other free blacks was worth the resources that this daunting work required . In 1867 , two years after the Civil War ended , Augusta Institute was established in the basement of Springfield Baptist Church , the oldest independent African-American church in the United States , in Augusta , Georgia . Its purpose was to prepare black men for the ministry and teaching . Augusta Institute is now known as Morehouse College , a historically black college in Atlanta , Georgia , and a UNCF member . I vividly remember being introduced to the historic role churches played in black education . My mother , a journalist covering the civil rights movement , moved our family from Los Angeles , California , to Alabama in 1961 . We spent six months living in rural Tuskegee , home to the legendary Tuskegee Institute  now Tuskegee University  and near the state capital , Montgomery . Montgomery was at the time the center of a movement led largely by black ministers under the guidance of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . That time in Tuskegee , along with my college years at Morehouse , imprinted on me the powerful connection between the black church , its social justice mission , and HBCUs . The churches ' investment in black education paid dividends , not only to the students , but also for America . During the long dark days of Jim Crow segregation , HBCUs educated the lawyers , doctors , teachers and ministers who built black communities across the South . They educated the pioneering activists who built the civil rights movement that broke Jim Crow 's back . U.S. Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , a civil rights pioneer , graduated from Fisk University in Nashville , Tennessee . Marian Wright Edelman , founder and president of the Children 's Defense Fund , attended Spelman College in Atlanta . Martin Luther King Jr. graduated from my alma mater , Morehouse . Every historically black college or university produced activists who helped break down the barriers of segregation and transform our nation . Over the decades , these church-founded colleges and universities developed a finely tuned balance between their religious roots and their secular missions . As institutions of higher education accredited by secular agencies , and as educators of students who , upon graduation , needed to compete in the job market , they offered courses that would prepare their students for employment . But as church-affiliated institutions , their education provided another element : The education emphasized moral character and community service . The dedication to service has become a hallmark of HBCU graduates . Earlier this month , The Washington Monthly issued its liberal arts college rankings , which are based on the school 's contribution "  to the public good , " including the role that service plays in the education . Private historically black colleges and universities were highly ranked . Morehouse was No. 1 among the nation 's 252 liberal arts colleges . All told , 20 of UNCF 's 39 member HBCUs ranked in the top half of their categories . HBCUs have also been exemplars of how institutions with different religious affiliations can work together in harmony toward a common goal . Many HBCUs are affiliated with denominations widely recognized for their support in the African-American community -- the various Baptist conventions , the African Methodist Episcopal Church , the United Methodists and the United Church of Christ . But Xavier University in New Orleans , Louisiana , the nation 's leading educator of future black physicians and pharmacists , is a Catholic institution . And Oakwood University in Alabama is closely affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church . Despite the wide religious diversity among private HBCUs -- or , perhaps because of it -- these colleges and universities came together to start the UNCF in 1944 . They have worked together under the UNCF umbrella to raise and distribute more than $ 3 billion and help more than 350,000 students graduate from UNCF member institutions . The UNCF 's experiment in collaboration among religiously affiliated colleges and universities has worked for two principal reasons . First , the schools that united under the UNCF banner found that they could accommodate to the civil-society needs of their educational institutions without giving up their core convictions . In fact , what the churches brought to these institutions strengthened them . Second , those schools discovered that although each denomination has maintained its own beliefs , the ties that bind them together are stronger than the forces that divide them . In a nation and world in which religions are too often pitted against civil society -- and against each other -- America 's private HBCUs provide an example of how communities of faith can work harmoniously with civil society and how differing religions can work with each other for their mutual benefit , the benefit of those they serve and the even greater benefit of the country .	Michael Lomax : Churches ' investment in black education paid dividends for America Lomax : Church-founded schools learned to balance religious roots and secular missions HBCUs of differing affiliations demonstrate power of common goals , Lomax writes
OPRAH.com  -- Mindy Perlmutter was having a birthday party , but this was not just your garden variety , chocolate cake , two kinds of ice cream , balloons , and a piñata type soiree . No , this would be an affair to remember . Lisa Kogan has learned the hard way about when it 's important to listen to loved ones . This would be even more fabulous than Alicia Mittenthal 's tie-dye-your-own-pillowcase gala or Daisy Feng 's macramé-your-own-bracelet bash . This was to be a build-your-own-terrarium shindig , complete with colored sand and plastic stones and an incredibly classy assortment of glass goldfish bowls . At the time  the time being about 34 years ago  , it seemed like a very big deal -- I mean , let 's be honest here , it would still be a big deal to go to a party where you get to build your own terrarium ... in , you know , a kind of retro , '70s , ironic , hipster way . So there I sat , looking out the den window , which gave me a clear view to the driveway while I waited for my ride to come spirit me away . Actually , it had n't been our den since my grandparents returned from their life in Miami Beach and my folks rented a hospital bed to turn the den into my grandmother 's bedroom . I loved my grandmother , but I ca n't say I ever really got to know her . She was the lady who played bingo and walked with a cane and kept a plump red tomato pincushion next to the creaky old foot-pedal-powered Singer sewing machine . I remember that she put up her own pickles and draped strudel dough across the kitchen table , and I know that she learned to reupholster her own furniture and got her first driver 's license when she was deep into her 50s , and I 'm acutely aware that she spoke to my grandfather in a very stern Yiddish whenever he tried to convince me to watch "  The Lawrence Welk Show . " My grandmother endured an awful lot from the man , but no grandchild of hers was going to be forced to watch Lawrence Welk so long as she still had breath in her body . Anyway , the sun was going down and my ride was running late and my grandmother started to talk . I thought she was going to warn me to be careful of something or other , because she was from the generation who believed that pigeons carry polio and she worried a lot , but if she was anxious about anything that night , she did n't show it . "  I used to love to go to parties , " she told me . She might as well have said that she used to enjoy scaling Mount Everest in flip-flops and a tutu . I was pretty sure I 'd heard all the stories from my grandmother 's life -- and none of them involved a party . Oprah.com : How to write your own memoir The talk I 'd heard was always the same : She and her mother and her five brothers and sisters starving through the bitter Russian winters in a little village whose name sounded like a sneeze . I knew about the malnutrition , the crippling rickets , the father who slaved away for years in Detroit trying to earn enough money to bring his wife and children to America and how when he finally did manage to save enough , the man he entrusted with the job of bringing the family over disappeared with the money  was he killed ? did he steal it ?  , leaving my great-grandfather to start all over again . I 'd heard how my great-uncles Sam and Isadore would scrounge through fields looking for anything edible while my grandmother supported everyone with her job as a maid to the butcher 's wife , and I knew by heart the story of how she lost that job because the woman caught her taking a sip of milk . I also knew how she met Arthur Levy , the love of her life , who my great-aunt Molly swore looked "  exactly like a young Perry Como , " and that he died a few weeks after she married him , though she never stopped wearing his ring . I knew that the first son she had with my grandfather had died , and that on a Friday afternoon in 1939 , her father , the man who worked so hard to bring the family here , died , too , after being pushed off the roof of a building in an anti-Semitic attack . And , of course , I knew that she worked nonstop to build a better life for her children . But I realize now that I only knew those stories because they were told to me by other people . The night of Mindy Perlmutter 's terrarium party , my grandmother was telling me the things she wanted me to know . She talked about dances and boys and a silvery blue dress she 'd sewn with her sisters . She told me about a time when all her friends were doubled over with laughter because ... well , I 'm not really sure what it was they found so funny . There was a honk and the glare of headlights , so I gave my grandmother a fast peck on the cheek and flew straight out the door . She went into the hospital the next morning , and she never came out . I sit playing Candy Land with the great-granddaughter Rose Kogan never got to meet . Julia Claire closes her eyes , blows on the dice , and whispers , "  C'mon , c'mon , Mama needs a pair of deuces . " I have no idea why my 6-year-old sounds like Edward G. Robinson , but I make a mental note to quit letting her play blackjack with the doormen . She rolls "  snake eyes " and becomes my little girl again . "  I want a do-over , Mommy . " I start to explain that we do n't really get do-overs in this world , that you kind of have to play it as it lays . I believe the parenting books call this a "  teachable moment , " but my follow-through leaves much to be desired . I hand Jules the dice and say , "  Go for it , kid . " The truth is , I want a do-over , too . I have ignored my instincts , I have embraced my neuroses , and there have been more than a few serious lapses in judgment over the years -- hell , I once painted my bathroom aubergine . But if I could get just one night back , it would be a chilly October evening when nothing mattered more to me than hanging with my friends in Mindy Perlmutter 's basement . Oprah.com : One thing Lisa Kogan would never change I would have taken off my coat and sat back down , only this time I 'd have faced my grandmother instead of the driveway . I would have asked her if the good times outweighed the bad , if there were nights she 'd do differently , if she 'd ever felt like giving up -- or if that was even an option . I never told her how smart and talented and brave and lovely I thought she was . I never heard what was so great about Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon in Mrs. Miniver . I never found out what she did to make her skin so soft and her matzo balls so firm or if she 'd have preferred it the other way around . And I never thanked her for being my go-to grandma in the unconditional goodness department . Julia and I finish the game and say our goodnights . I am eager to return a couple of calls , get her lunch packed for school , and watch the episode of "  Mad Men " I 've got waiting on our DVR . But my daughter is feeling chatty . "  Mommy , " she begins , "  do you know why the Princess Barbie Musketeers have swords that match their ball gowns ? " Before I can answer , she announces , "  It 's because they 're royal squashbucklers . " I tell her I 'm pretty sure the word is swashbucklers , and she tells me she 's pretty sure I 'm wrong and goes on talking . She does n't want to let go of the night , and so I nudge away two stuffed poodles and curl up beside her . The calls and the lunch and even Don Draper can wait , because I have learned the hard way that my job is to sit quietly in the dark and listen to whatever my daughter has to say . Oprah.com : What your children need the most By Lisa Kogan from O , The Oprah Magazine , November 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Grandmother wanted to talk about dances , boys , silvery blue dress But Lisa Kogan had a party to got to and ran out the door Now she wants that chilly October evening back to talk with her grandmother So when daughter wants to talk funny stuff , Lisa knows enough to listen
CNN  -- She 's the antithesis of the typical fashion designer , preferring to step away from the adulation of shows and flashy parties , yet from behind the scenes , Miuccia Prada has a huge impact on the world of fashion . Preferring to stay behind the scenes , Miuccia Prada has built up a fashion empire . Miuccia Prada has taken a unique path to become the name and impetus behind a worldwide brand that has developed what fashion brands can achieve beyond the catwalk . Coming from a wealthy family that supplied luxury goods , she gained a degree in political science from the University of Milan before studying to be a mime artist for six years in the late 1960s and early 1970s . " -LSB- It was -RSB- part of the culture of those times " she told CNN . "  At that point I like the idea and also in those years you wanted to do anything that was strange or different or eccentric . " She fostered many left-wing political and feminist ideas before entering the fashion industry in the 1970s , which was then operating to a different set of values . Yet she disagrees that there are unmanageable contradictions between her personal values and her work . "  If you compare with philosophy , -LSB- fashion -RSB- is frivolous , but frivolity may be something good , something that is part of our lives , so I do n't dislike it and what I like is the mix , that in your life you can have serious things , more frivolous ones , " she told CNN . "  Beauty is not something that is contrary ; it is the right of everybody . Still I retain the idea of justice and so many other ideas , but that is my work , and it is a contradiction that still is creating me problems , but it 's like this . " While Prada has expanded its operations across the world and is focusing , like so many other premium companies , on China , it remains synonymous with wealth and luxury . Bringing the iconic black Prada nylon bag to the market in the early 1990s was just one way in which Miuccia and her husband Patrizio Bertelli transformed the slightly frumpy family business and helped shift perceptions of what a fashion house could or could not do . "  I always wanted to do something that was nearly impossible , but obviously it had to be something that made sense to people because if you think about now , the black nylon is everywhere , " she told CNN . From 1980s chic and glamour , Miuccia has never been afraid to take risks with her collections or spark the imagination of the public -- her very first collection was likened to something from The Flintstones ; her Fall 2009 collection featured fishing waders . "  I would say that my dreams are doing things that I like and I have fun with . My dreams are about how can I do interesting things and make having fun with things , or doing things that are clever or relevant or intelligent . So it 's more about what I can do than about how big the company could become , " she said .	Fashion designer Miuccia Prada prefers to stay out of fashion limelight Took over family business to transform into global fashion and style brand Has a degree in political science and studied mime before becoming designer
CNN  -- Able to scare up a few bucks ? Just in time for Halloween , the owners of the home made famous in the spooky 1970s film "  The Amityville Horror " are dramatically slashing the asking price on their Toms River , New Jersey , colonial , which was used for exteriors in the film . The decision was n't triggered by demonic activity , however . Apparently , another frightening "  D " word was to blame . "  My husband and I are getting a divorce , " said Odalys Fragoso , who bought the house with her husband Jose Fragoso in 2001 . "  It 's not that the house is haunted or anything . We had wonderful times in that house . " The couple purchased the house for $ 795,000 . Originally listed last year at $ 1.45 million , the four-bedroom , three-bath home is now going for $ 955,000 -- a bargain , according to the agent . "  If there were a curse on it , I would n't be in it , " joked Donna Walesiewicz , the broker selling the 3,370-square-foot residence . "  It is what it is , a nice old stately home . " It was also the perfect place for Hollywood producers , who used it as a double for the real Amityville house when shooting the 1979 movie . The film , based on Jay Anson 's 1977 best-seller , featured buzzing flies , ghostly eyes , blood pouring from the walls and a satanic voice warning a visiting priest to "  Get out ! " The film starred James Brolin , Margot Kidder and Rod Steiger . The story has its origins in the real-life tale of the Lutz family , who purchased a house in Long Island , New York , in December 1975 . The Lutzes ' reports of strange and horrific experiences became the heart of the book and film . The "  Amityville " franchise has since churned out an ample supply of sequels over the past 30 years , from a 3D version to a 2005 vehicle for Ryan Reynolds . Fragoso 's waterfront homestead , built in 1920 , is nowhere near the Lutzes ' old haunt -- about 100 miles and a state line away -- and is anything but scary . Spread out over half an acre , it boasts a furnished basement , a lounge in the attic , hardwood floors and a two-car garage . There 's also a pool and a dock . "  The property alone , being on that river , you have that southern exposure , it 's just a beautiful home , " said Walesiewicz . How can the price be reduced a half-million dollars in only a year ? Nothing suspicious about it : Walesiewicz said it 's a sign of the times . "  The housing market has dropped tremendously , " she said . "  That 's why people are coming down and buying homes in cash . They are n't making money in other investments . They are putting it in real estate . " This is n't the first time the price has been reduced . Last year it dropped from $ 1.45 million to $ 1.35 million before the house was taken off the market in October . Fragoso rehung the "  for sale " sign again in May , this time for $ 1.25 million . Even then , the house drew little interest . Odalys Fragoso , 51 , who is in the middle of divorce proceedings after 33 years of marriage , said the house was appraised this summer for $ 1.1 million , but the judge told her and her husband they had to lower the price . Which is why it 's now at $ 955,000 , she said . Dozens of fans of the movie have appeared at her doorstep over the years , taking pictures and asking questions . "  They were thrilled that they filmed the movie there , " Fragoso said . She also never sensed the house held any sinister secrets or apparitions . "  I never felt anything , nothing whatsoever . I was just happy that we were buying the house because we saw the potential of it , " Fragoso said . "  It 's not haunted , not at all . "	House used for exteriors of "  Amityville Horror " movie is for sale House "  not haunted , not at all , " says Odalys Fragoso ; she and husband are divorcing Film of "  The Amityville Horror " came out in 1979 , spawned several sequels Real-life house that spooked the Lutz family is in Long Island
