CNN  -- A Stone Age door in "  exceptional condition " has been found in the heart of the Swiss city of Zurich , a city official said Friday . The artifact -- thought to be more than 5,000 years old -- was recovered during an archaeological excavation before the construction of a parking lot for the Zurich Opera . "  It is one of the oldest doors ever found in Europe , " said Niels Bleicher , Zurich Monument Preservation Department 's chief scientist . He said the door remains on the ground and workers will try to pull it up next week . It will then be stabilized , preserved , and probably put into a museum , he said . Bleicher said the door , about 1.5 meters high , hails from the Horgen archaeological culture and dates to the late 4th millennium B.C. "  It is made from poplar wood . The technique and design are solid , " he said . "  The door is in an exceptional condition . Even the wooden handles are preserved . "	It 's possibly one of the oldest doors found in Europe The door dates to the late 4th millennium B.C. The object was spotted in a Zurich dig
CNN  -- Unless Facebook users fight back , the days of the social network 's experiment with democracy may soon come to an end . The company on Wednesday proposed to take away its users ' right to vote on major issues concerning the governance of its 1 billion-member online network . The reaction online has been less than welcoming . "  Facebook now argues that it is too big for democracy , much like the Chinese government might , " writes Michael Phillips on the site BuzzFeed . "  Call this new regime Facebook with Authoritarian Characteristics . " Since 2009 , in what Facebook calls an experiment with digital voting rights , Facebook has allowed users to vote on major changes to the way it manages user data and privacy , if the online community expressed enough interest . If 7,000 people commented on a particular proposal , that triggered a vote . And if 30 % of the site 's active users -- which would be 300 million people at this point -- voted against the change , Facebook would abandon it . Now the company says it wants to ditch that system , replacing it with new ways for users to submit questions to Facebook 's privacy team . The company lists two primary reasons for the shift away from digital democracy : Facebook has become extremely large , with more than a billion users ; and it 's a publicly traded company now , which means it is "  accountable to regulators around the world . " "  Democracy can be difficult , especially for a multibillion dollar public company , " writes Somini Sengupta for the New York Times ' Bits Blog . Some technology writers are calling for users to revolt . "  Because it has n't revoked that right yet , there is still time for you to mount a campaign to retain it , in theory , " writes Will Oremus for Slate . "  But Facebook knows it 's highly unlikely that you will . It turns out that , for all of the shrill cries that fly around the Internet every time  CEO Mark  Zuckerberg and company make a tweak , most people just do n't care enough to take action . At least , not on the types of changes that Facebook allowed them to vote on . " Phillips , the BuzzFeed writer , says this is a watershed moment for the Internet . "  By repealing Facebook Suffrage , Facebook abandons a fundamental norm -- that its users are citizens in a community , and not simply datapoints on an advertising algorithm . The vote may be quixotic , but if Facebook remains the indispensable social network , you 'll want to be able to tell your grandchildren you fought for Facebook freedom . Who knows how Facebook will develop without your input . " In clinical language released the day before the United States celebrates Thanksgiving , a time when people here are unlikely to take much notice , Facebook says it wants to "  end the voting component of the process . " "  We deeply value the feedback we receive from you during our comment period , " the site says a press release . "  In the past , your substantive feedback has led to changes to the proposals we made . However , we found that the voting mechanism , which is triggered by a specific number of comments , actually resulted in a system that incentivized the quantity of comments over their quality . Therefore , we 're proposing to end the voting component of the process in favor of a system that leads to more meaningful feedback and engagement . " The company adds : "  We will continue to post significant changes to our Data Use Policy and SRR  Statement of Rights and Responsibilities  and provide a seven-day period for review and comment . As always , we will carefully consider your feedback before adopting any changes . " As TechCrunch notes , Facebook is creating other ways for users to submit feedback to the site . "  As a replacement for the vote , Facebook is proposing to continue offering the seven-day comment period on proposed changes to its governing documents . It will also offer two new ways for users to voice their governance concerns , " Josh Constine writes . "  There 's ` Ask the Chief Privacy Officer , ' a new feature on the official Facebook Privacy Pages that will let users submit questions to Erin Egan , Facebook 's Chief Privacy Officer . Additionally , Egan would hold regular live-streamed webcasts where users can ask questions . If the proposal is allowed , these new features will be substituted for the vote . " So there you have it . Webcasts , yes . Voting , no . Read more about the changes and let Facebook know what you think of its apparent move away from digital democracy by visiting the Facebook Site Governance page . Facebook says it will consider user feedback submitted until noon ET on November 28 .	Facebook proposes to end its users ' right to vote on changes to site policies Since 2009 , certain conditions triggered votes by the site 's active users If 30 % of users voted against a proposal , it would be abandoned BuzzFeed : "  Facebook now argues that it is too big for democracy "
A Navy veteran in Missouri said he was fired from his job and called a terrorist for posting pictures to Facebook of Homeland Security vehicles massing near Ferguson . Mark Paffrath , who worked for the Drury hotel chain , said he could not believe what he was hearing when he was called into his boss ' office last week , a couple of days after posting the pictures , which he took in the parking lot of the hotel where he worked . "  The head of security for Drury was in there , and he pretty much called me a terrorist , saying that I dishonorably served my country for posting those pictures and videos on Facebook , " Paffrath said . The pictures he took and posted on Thursday were of dozens of vehicles marked with the logos of the Department of Homeland Security and Federal Protection Services . Paffrath said the large number of federal vehicles and employees arrived last week . "  You know , it surprised me , and I was rather shocked that they were there . So I took a short video and a picture of the vehicles . I did n't give any location out , " he said . The vehicles were located about a 30-minute drive from Ferguson , Missouri . That 's what prompted Paffrath , who was born and raised in Ferguson , to ask this question when he posted the images : "  Why are all these vehicles here , I wonder if it has anything to do with Ferguson ? #Ferguson , #No justice , no peace . " On Saturday , two days after posting the photos , he said he was fired . Paffrath -- who served three years in the military , including overseas stints -- was honorably discharged and said he did not appreciate being called something so dishonorable . The local Drury hotel where Paffrath worked said it was not authorized to comment on the case , but Joseph Pereles , a Drury Hotels ' vice president , sent this statement to CNN : "  We do not publicly discuss confidential personnel matters . The safety and privacy of our guests and our team members has always been and will remain our top priority . " Ferguson awaits grand jury decision Paffrath said he is sure the influx of folks from Homeland Security must have something to do with preparations for the potential reaction to the upcoming grand jury decision in the case of Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson , who shot and killed unarmed teenager Michael Brown in August , sparking three months of daily -- and sometimes violent -- protests . A law enforcement source told CNN the Department of Homeland Security does have additional resources in place to protect federal buildings , but they 're also there because the world 's attention is on Ferguson , which could attract attackers looking to make a statement . The FBI and DHS have issued a law enforcement bulletin to be on guard for attacks on law enforcement officers . The arrival of extra federal authorities came just a few days before Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon announced that he had activated the National Guard and declared a state of emergency in preparation for the grand jury 's decision . St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay applauded Nixon 's decision , saying tired police officers are happy to know the extra help is there . But many protestors said they are disturbed by the decision , feeling it further paints them as violent , when for more than 100 days they have held mostly peaceful protests . Complete coverage on Ferguson	Mark Paffrath posted pics he took of federal vehicles massed at the hotel were he worked Paffrath , a Ferguson native , said he was fired from his job a few days later The vehicles were about 30 miles from Ferguson , the scene of months of protests
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho likes to keep them guessing . Three days after the Real Madrid manager hinted he was on his way back to England and Chelsea , the self-proclaimed "  Special One " insisted his future was still undecided . Mourinho signed a contract extension until 2016 with Real Madrid last May after ending Barcelona 's three-year stranglehold on La Liga , but his relationship with the Spanish press soured and he has clashed with Madrid and Spain 's much-loved keeper , Iker Casillas . "  When I decide on my future , my wife and kids will be the first to know , then the president and general director , " Mourinho told reporters ahead of Real Madrid 's game against Real Valladolid . "  I have n't decided to leave . If I go , I will not give explanations . " Despite Mourinho 's pronouncement Friday , England 's Sun newspaper claimed that he has already agreed to return to Chelsea but that an official announcement was unlikely until July 1 . On Tuesday following Real Madrid 's exit in the Champions League semifinals for a third straight season under Mourinho , this time to Borussia Dortmund , the 50-year-old , not for the first time , spoke of his deep fondness for England . "  I know in England I am loved , " Mourinho said . "  I know . I know I am loved by the fans . I am loved by the media that treats me in a fair way , criticizing me when they have to , but giving me credit when I deserve it . I know I am loved by some clubs , especially one . " Tottenham boss Andre Villas-Boas , who worked under his fellow Portuguese and formerly managed Chelsea , said Mourinho resurfacing in the Premier League would be "  spectacular . " With Mourinho at the helm , Chelsea ended a 50-year title drought and won back-to-back Premier League titles . He parted company with Chelsea in 2007 when his relationship with Russian owner Roman Abramovich deteriorated . Even though the Blues won the Champions League in 2012 , they finished sixth in the league , failed to advance from this season 's group stage and are in danger of not qualifying for the competition next term . Current interim manager Rafael Benitez has already stated he wo n't be with Chelsea in 2013/2014 . "  I have always left clubs in the right way , " Mourinho added Friday . "  Even Chelsea , which seemed controversial , was n't so much . When I go I never say anything negative about those clubs , quite the opposite . The day I go I will be wishing Madrid the best for the future . "  Clubs always stay with me . Chelsea did not win the European Cup with me but I was just as pleased when they won it . Madrid will always be special and I want them to win their 10th European Cup . If that 's with me , fine . If not , I will enjoy it as much . " He said his past successes -- which include capturing titles in four countries , the Champions League with Inter Milan and steering Madrid to a record points total last season -- have hurt him in the Spanish capital . Once he ended Barcelona 's reign in La Liga in 2012 , the goal with Real Madrid was to win the Champions League , which has n't materialized . Madrid 's title drought in the Champions League now extends to 11 years . "  It is my fault , " Mourinho said . "  I have won so , so , so much that it is hard to live up to those expectations . But the points record in the league is mine and no one can take that away . " In a move sure not to boost his popularity in Spain , Mourinho took a swipe at Casillas , who has n't reclaimed his position as Madrid 's No. 1 from Diego Lopez after recovering from a hand injury . "  I should have been more proactive at the end of the first season , more demanding and more insistent , " Mourinho said . "  We should have brought in Diego Lopez then . I asked but he did n't come . I did n't do enough to bring him in and that 's a pity . "	Jose Mourinho says he has n't decided where he 'll be managing next season An English newspaper , though , reports that he has agreed to rejoin Chelsea Mourinho insists he has always left his clubs on good terms , including Chelsea Mourinho takes a swipe at longtime Madrid and Spain goalkeeper Iker Casillas
New York  CNN  -- Prosecutors say for now , they wo n't be charging the driver of a double-decker tour bus that collided with another bus in Manhattan 's bustling Times Square Tuesday , injuring more than a dozen people . Police initially charged William Dalambert , 58 , of Irvington , New Jersey , with driving while impaired , but preliminary tests did not show any drugs or alcohol in his system . So , Manhattan prosecutors declined to file charges "  until we we have completed our investigation , " Joan Vollero , a spokeswoman for the district attorney 's office , said Thursday . He has been released . "  We are awaiting results of the full toxicology report , " she said . "  We are taking this matter seriously and prosecutors in the Office 's Vehicular Crimes Unit are conducting a thorough investigation . " Dalambert was driving a bus that struck another double-decker bus on Seventh Avenue , police said . At least 13 people were injured , one seriously , after the two tourist buses that traverse city neighborhoods collided about 4 p.m. Tuesday . The crash occurred near a normally packed sidewalk next to the TKTS booth at 47th Street and Seventh Avenue at Times Square , police and fire officials said . Authorities said a preliminary investigation revealed that a Gray Line double-decker tour bus , driven by Dalambert , was traveling southbound on Seventh Avenue and sideswiped a City Sights double-decker tour bus and a GMC Yukon , also traveling southbound on Seventh . The collision caused the Gray Line tour bus to go up on the sidewalk and strike a traffic light pole , which fell to the sidewalk . Investigators have clear video showing a bus closest to the sidewalk speeding through the intersection and striking an SUV and another bus that just passed the intersection , according to a law enforcement official who saw the video . The driver of that bus claimed he was having brake issues , the law enforcement official said . But an examination of the bus revealed no mechanical problems . By all accounts , the collision could have been worse . Earthcam video from the scene showed pedestrians running from the crash site moments before a towering pole crashed to the sidewalk , appearing to strike a man in the leg and narrowly missing his head . A fire official at the scene said the number of injuries was surprisingly low , given the size of the pole . Times Square is a popular launching spot for the ubiquitous double-decker buses , which take tourists around Manhattan . After the accident , dozens of tourists stood at what is sometimes called the "  Crossroads of the World , " taking pictures and video of the crash scene . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Marisa Marcellino and Donovan Long contributed to this report .	Preliminary drug and alcohol tests on bus driver came back negative , prosecutors say At least 13 people were injured when two tour buses collided in New York 's Times Square Prosecutors declined to charge driver William Dalambert pending further investigation Police had earlier accused Dalambert of driving while impaired
CNN  -- Defending champions Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova moved into quarterfinals of their respective tournaments in Barcelona and Stuttgart Thursday as the build-up to next month 's French Open gathers pace . Nadal is coming off a shock loss at the Monte Carlo Masters -- losing there for only the third time in 11 years -- but has showed little sign of an adverse reaction in his two matches to date on home clay . The world number one duly beat Ivan Dodig of Croatia 6-3 6-3 to earn a last eight clash against fellow Nicolas Almagro . Fellow Spaniard Almagro lost to Nadal in last year 's final but earned his passage with a 6-3 6-3 success over Fernando Verdasco in another domestic clash . Nadal has won the title eight years out of nine in Barcelona and his passage to a ninth title has been eased by the shock exit of David Ferrer Wednesday to Teymeraz Gabashvili . It was second seed Ferrer who scored a rare win over his compatriot in Monte Carlo but he was unable to repeat this form against Gabashvili , who then secured his place in the last eight with a straight sets win over Inigo Cervantes . In other third round matches , 12th seed Marin Cilic of Croatia beat Spanish fifth seed Tommy Robredo 7-5 6-7 7-6 , while Colombia 's Santiago Giraldo saw off Dominic Thiem of Austria in another three-setter . Sharapova , who is returning to her best after injury , is the two-time defending champion on the red clay of Stuttgart and showed evidence of that class with a 6-4 6-3 over fellow Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in one hour 32 minutes . Sharapova , who needs to reach the last four in the WTA Premier Level event to retain her top 10 status , must next play top seed Agnieszka Radwanska , a tough task as she acknowledged . "  Well , Agnieszka is number three in the world and obviously someone who 's been playing extremely well to be in that position , " Sharapova told the official WTA website . "  And I love these kinds of challenges . We 've played each other many times , and there are certainly no secrets about each other 's games , " she added . Radwanska eased into the last eight with a 6-3 6-2 win over Italian Roberta Vinci . Former world number one Jelena Jankovic also beat Italian opposition in Flavia Pennetta , 3-6 6-2 6-3 , while Serbian ninth seed Ana Ivanovic overcame Germany 's Julia Goerges 1-6 6-2 6-3 .	Rafael Nadal into quarterfinals of Barcelona Open Defending champion beats Ivan Dodig 6-3 6-3 Maria Sharapova also into last eight in Stuttgart Title holder beats Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in straight sets
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A passenger who went through an airport security checkpoint -- before remembering that he had a loaded gun -- is facing charges after going back to report his error , authorities said . Travelers go through security at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport . Gregory Scott Hinkle , 53 , of Davis , West Virginia , went through a Transportation Security Administration checkpoint at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport about 7:30 a.m. Sunday , an airport spokeswoman said . After the traveler evidently recalled having the gun , he returned to the checkpoint and disclosed the weapon , authorities said . The TSA contacted airport police , who charged the man with possessing or transporting a firearm into an air carrier terminal where prohibited , a misdemeanor , and released him . He is scheduled to appear April 2 in Arlington County , Virginia , General District Court . Hinkle did not immediately return a phone call to his residence . A TSA spokesman said the agency reviewed airport surveillance camera videos of the incident and removed the screener from security duties while an investigation is under way . "  Appropriate actions will be taken once the investigation is complete , " spokesman Christopher White said . White said that 14 guns were discovered at checkpoints around the country last week . On average , screeners find two guns a day , he said . "  We know this is not a systemic problem in that our testing indicates TSOs -LSB- Transportation Security Officers -RSB- have a very high success rate at finding firearms . Given the high degree of reliability that our TSOs can find even carefully concealed firearms , we are evaluating every aspect of this incident , " White said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	Traveler evidently remembered having a gun and returned to airport checkpoint Transportation Security Administration : Screener removed from duties during probe On average , screeners find two guns a day at U.S. airports , authorities say
Huntington Beach , California  CNN  -- Danny Thompson , son of racing legend Mickey Thompson , will have to wait another year to write the family name into the official record book at the Bonneville Salt Flats . Thompson 's pursuit of the land speed record for a piston engine car -- 439 mph -- was jinxed by rain at Bonneville 's annual Speed Week in August , and again at the event intended to make up for the lost time . The Southern California Timing Association , which tallies the records , announced late Sunday that it was raining in Bonneville and that the salt would be too soggy for racing this weekend . "  Bad news , " Thompson said in a text message . "  The SCTA just canceled World Finals due to rain . That 's the end of the season . " Rain might have ended the 2014 racing season but not the dream , Thompson told fans in an announcement , which was accompanied by a photo of him looking exasperated . "  Thank you to my amazing team , my faithful sponsors , and all of you for your support over the past year , " he said . "  The dream is n't dead , and the Challenger II will return to the salt . See you then . " Last month , Thompson came within 20 mph of the record held by George Poteet , who survived a 370 mph crash last month at Cook 's Shootout , another popular racing event . Thompson sought to break 392 mph to set the record for his vehicle class and hoped to be the first to drive a piston engine car 450 mph . Thompson drove Challenger II , named after his father 's record-breaking car , 419 mph during one leg of his race , and reached a top speed of 424 mph . But his clutch failed on the return trip , and he fell short of the official record . The average speed of the two trips is needed for the record . While he ended the season short of the records he chased , Thompson has now matched the feats of his famous father . Mickey Thompson , known as the Speed King , was the first American to top 400 mph . He went 406.6 mph at Bonneville in 1960 but also broke down on the return trip . The following year , rain turned the salt flats into a shallow lake , and Mickey Thompson never held the official record . He planned a return to Bonneville to chase the record in 1988 with son Danny behind the wheel , but the elder Thompson was gunned down in the driveway of his Southern California home that February . In 2010 , 50 years after his father 's feat , Danny Thompson decided to rebuild the Challenger and renew the record chase .	Danny Thompson , son of racing legend , still chasing land speed record He would have set record in vehicle class but broke down on return trip He has come within 20 mph of record for all piston engine cars Rain ends season early ; Thompson vows to continue speed chase
Human activity has caused at least half of climate change in the last half-century , hundreds of scientists say . They are 95 % certain of this , the surest they 've ever been , says a United Nations report published Friday . That activity ? Driving cars , running power plants on coal and oil , torching swathes of forestland and debris ; anything involving burning carbon-based fuels and emitting greenhouse gases . We are seeing the consequences already in extreme weather patterns , particularly drought and flood , and they will probably get worse this century , the report said . "  It should serve as yet another wake-up call our activities today have a profound impact on society , not only for us , but for many generations to come , " Michel Jarraud , head of the World Meteorological Organization , said at a news conference in Stockholm , Sweden . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry echoed his words in an official statement . "  Those who deny the science or choose excuses over action are playing with fire , " he said . "  Once again , the science grows clearer , the case grows more compelling , and the costs of inaction grow beyond anything that anyone with conscience or common sense should be willing to even contemplate . " Beneath Greenland 's ice , a grand canyon The assessment report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is the benchmark study on global warming published every few years . Nearly 1,000 researchers from around the world work on the document , which then undergoes review by about as many scientists . The panel released a summary report Friday and plans to post the full version , roughly 2,500 pages , online on Monday . This year 's report further strengthens the suspicions that scientists already have . In 2007 , climate researchers were already 90 % sure that people were behind a seemingly small rise in global average temperature of about half a degree Celsius  1 degree Fahrenheit  that has already notched up extreme weather events such as heat waves , droughts and flooding . While 90 % constitutes a "  very likely " degree of certainty , Friday 's report stating scientists are now 95 % sure indicates an "  extremely likely " degree of certainty , which is considered the gold standard when discussing probability . The effects humans are already causing are expected to increase for a century or more , the report reads . Weather catastrophes , previously called storms of the century , are on their way to striking every 20 years or even more frequently . Bloomberg : Why Sandy forced cities to take lead on climate change This means , unfortunately , that we could see more EF5 tornadoes like the one that ground up Moore , Oklahoma ; stronger and more floods like those that inundated Colorado towns ; another Sandy or Katrina or two in our lifetimes ; more crops wiped out by drought ; and more forestland consumed by roaring wildfires . The Arctic ice cap could melt nearly completely in summer , and sea levels could continue to rise . In the Antarctic , the ice cap could continue to increase slightly . And if greenhouse gas emissions continue to climb as they have , the resulting temperature rise and its deadly effects would get even worse , the report says . Hundreds of experts weigh in The 2013 assessment report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change brings together the latest research from top scientists in the field . It contains a "  summary for policymakers " aimed at guiding politicians and lawmakers worldwide on decisions regarding the environment over the next several years . The document released Friday explains the physical science behind climate change . The U.N. panel releases a report every five or six years . Friday 's report is the culmination of work by more than 250 authors from 39 countries and was subject to an extensive review process involving more than 1,000 experts . More than 850 expert authors from 85 countries contributed research for the full report , which will be released in three stages through April . The first , on the physical science behind climate change , accompanies the summary for policymakers . The second , expected in March , will cover "  impacts and vulnerabilities " of climate change ; the third , on mitigation efforts , is set to go out in April . Climate change may increase violence , study shows Critics of the report Despite the breadth of the scientific expertise involved and the extensive review and approval process , the assessment reports spark quite a few criticisms , from both climate change believers and skeptics . Skeptics say the panel exists only to produce further evidence supporting the idea of man-made climate change while ignoring opposing research . But climate change activists , and many climate scientists , say the panel 's consensus-seeking policy produces conclusions and estimates that are too conservative . Another often-cited critique of the report is that , due to its size and lengthy approval process , it is already outdated by the time it is released . Several important studies already have been published in the past year in the constantly evolving science of climate change that will not be included in this assessment . Despite the critics , this week 's document will serve as a major measuring stick for the current state of the world 's climate and what type of change is in store . The summary for policymakers will be available Friday at www.climatechange2013.org . Climate sticker shock : Arctic thaw could cost $ 60 trillion	Climate change deniers beware , says Secretary of State John Kerry There is even more certainty that humans are playing a role The report lays out projections for climate change through the end of the century The first section of the report is aimed at assisting policymakers
London  CNN  -- UK police charged a Polish man Tuesday in connection with the defacement over the weekend of a painting by famed artist Mark Rothko at a London museum . Wlodzimierz Umaniec , 26 , will appear in a south London court Wednesday on one count of criminal damage in excess of Â # 5,000  about $ 8,000  , London 's Metropolitan Police said . The suspect , a Polish national who is also known as Vladimir Umanets , has no fixed address , police said . He was arrested late Monday in Worthing , on England 's south coast . The painting -- part of Rothko 's Seagram mural series -- was hanging at London 's Tate Modern museum when a man began tagging the canvas with black paint Sunday afternoon . The alarm was raised and the museum was briefly evacuated . Rothko , a Russian-American abstract expressionist , was commissioned to do a series of paintings for the Four Seasons restaurant of the Seagram building in New York in 1958 . Though he started the series of murals , he famously reneged , deciding the swanky New York restaurant was n't an appropriate home for his art . Rothko rejected the commission but completed paintings stemming from the project , many of which made their way into the halls of museums . The murals arrived in London as Rothko killed himself in 1970 and have been on display at many of the Tate 's locations , as well as the National Gallery of Art in Washington . CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	Wlodzimierz Umaniec will appear in court Wednesday charged with criminal damage A man defaced one of famed artist Rothko 's Seagram murals on Sunday The painting was hanging in London 's Tate Modern museum
Los Angeles  CNN  Conrad Hilton , the younger brother of celebrity heiress Paris Hilton , has reached a plea deal : He would admit guilt to misdemeanor assault against flight attendants in exchange for a federal felony charge being dropped , court papers says . The deal would require prosecutors to recommend probation for Hilton , who also allegedly called passengers "  peasants " on a London-to-Los Angeles flight last summer . Hilton , 20 , is scheduled to appear Thursday in federal court , but he is not expected to plead guilty at that time , said spokesman Thom Mrozek of the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Hilton , who is free on $ 100,000 bond , was initially charged with a felony that could have carried a prison sentence up to 20 years upon a conviction . The misdemeanor charge carries up to a six-month prison sentence and a fine of at least $ 5,000 , but federal prosecutors have agreed that they would "  recommend that defendant be sentenced to a term of probation , " court records said . The class B misdemeanor accuses Hilton of assaulting two flight attendants aboard a British Airways flight on July 31 , 2014 , "  by intentionally using a display of force that reasonably caused  the attendants  to fear immediate bodily harm , " according to court documents filed last week . Hilton signed court papers last week that state he "  repeatedly entered the bathroom to smoke marijuana and tobacco " during Flight 269 from London to Los Angeles , court papers said . Read the plea deal "  He also become belligerent toward some of the flight attendants , " according to court papers signed by Hilton and his attorney . His attorney could n't be immediately reached for comment Wednesday . At one point , Hilton told one flight attendant multiple times that "  I am going to f ------ kill you , " according to the court papers . Hilton also "  punched at , but missed " another flight attendant , the court documents said . A more complete description of events aboard the flight was provided in initial court papers filed in early February . Those alleged Hilton threatened and intimidated flight attendants , scared parents and disengaged a bathroom smoke alarm . The court documents alleged Hilton punched the bulkhead next to an attendant 's head , missing his face by about 4 inches , and told the crew , "  I could get you all fired in five minutes . I know your boss ! " "  My father will pay this out , he has done it before . Dad paid $ 300,000 last time , " Hilton allegedly told a flight attendant . Hilton 's father is Rick Hilton , the grandson of the Hilton Hotel empire 's founder , Conrad Nicholson Hilton . Rick Hilton and his wife of more than 30 years , Kathy , are parents of four children : Paris , Nicky , Barron and Conrad . Conrad Hilton left his seat five minutes after takeoff , even though the "  fasten seat belt " sign was still on , authorities said . Another flight attendant said Hilton rose from his seat at least 20 times during the 10 1/2 - hour flight , court documents said . Read the initial federal complaint  Warning : profane language When Hilton became enraged because a flight attendant was following him , he shouted several times that "  I am going to f ------ kill you ! " and used other vulgarities , court papers said . Passengers became frightened and disturbed , authorities said . A French family was seated behind Hilton , and the father got out of his seat and leaned "  over his kids in a protective gesture " during one of Hilton 's rants , a flight attendant told authorities , according to court papers . Hilton yelled several times , saying "  I will f ------ own anyone on this flight ; they are f ------ peasants . " Hilton also accused the flight attendants of "  taking the peasants ' side " and then said he was angry because he had just broken up with a girlfriend , court papers said . He bragged that he was already banned by other airlines . At some point during the flight , the attendant saw Hilton go into a bathroom and smelled cigarette smoke coming from it , authorities said . The flight 's pilot , who was second-in-command to the captain , "  noticed the smoke detector above the bathroom ceiling had been stuffed with paper towels , apparently to prevent the smoke alarm from sounding , " court papers said . The pilot later confronted Hilton , and Hilton surrendered a used pack of cigarettes and a lighter , authorities said . Hilton returned to his seat and fell asleep . The captain authorized crew members to form a "  restraint team " to constrain Hilton before he woke up , authorities said in court papers . The crew used a blanket and handcuffs on Hilton about 75 minutes before the plane landed , authorities said . He awoke while being restrained and began screaming obscenities , court documents said . "  As Hilton was being restrained , he told the flight attendants he was a model and that they were ` going to ruin my career , ' " according to an affidavit by FBI agent David Gates filed in court in early February . Later , in an interview with the FBI the same day , Hilton said he started his travels in Mykonos , Greece , had a connection in Athens , and then traveled to London , authorities said . He took a sleeping pill before boarding the flight to Los Angeles , court papers said . Hilton admitted to calling people "  peasants " on the flight , but he "  denied having a confrontation with a flight attendant near the start of the flight but acknowledged having other issues with flight attendants , " the affidavit said . Hilton allegedly told the FBI agent : "  I told all of them I could get all of their jobs taken away in less than 30 seconds , " the affidavit said .	Conrad Hilton , younger brother of Paris Hilton , will admit to misdemeanor assault Penalty for the charge is up to six months in prison , but prosecutors will recommend probation Hilton signs court documents stating he smoked pot on flight , "  became belligerent "
CNN  -- It was a moment of triumph amid a personal tragedy for Malaysian leader Najib Razak . In the early hours of Tuesday morning , he could finally stand in front of his nation with news of a deal -- the breakthrough to release MH17 's flight recorders from rebels ' hands , and , as important , to bring home the remains of the victims . Najib 's own step-grandmother was on the flight , which was shot down near the Ukrainian-Russian border last Thursday . The second wife of his grandfather was flying to Malaysia to celebrate Hari Raya -- the end of the fasting month of Ramadan . As he comforted his own family , as well as others who had lost loved ones , the Malaysian leader was working to unlock a standoff that had generated a political firestorm , said a source close to the prime minister . Where was the anger ? Hundreds of bodies lay amid wreckage in an isolated field in what was described as "  the world 's biggest crime scene . " They were being guarded by armed separatists who were refusing to give international monitors access to the site and material evidence . Days after the crash , critics had started to question why the Malaysian leader had not made the same angry demands for answers heard from other world leaders . The Boeing 777 shot down over Ukraine was the country 's national carrier . It was carrying 298 people who trusted they 'd reach their destination . It was the second catastrophic event to hit the airline in five months , following the unprecedented disappearance of flight MH370 . And , behind the Netherlands , Malaysia lost the greatest number of citizens on flight MH17 : 43 people , including 15 crew . Where was the Malaysian leader 's condemnation ? "  It 's really important that he did not start blaming anyone before getting what he needed , " said Wan Saiful Wan Jan , a political commentator and CEO of the Institute for Democracy and Economic Affairs in Kuala Lumpur . "  If he had taken an aggressive stance right form the beginning we may not get the bodies and the black boxes , " he said . Strategy of ` quiet diplomacy ' From day one , according to the source , Najib had set his own diplomatic course ; a strategy of quiet diplomacy . Working with a small group -- less than a handful -- he set about making personal contact with the self-declared leader of the Donetsk separatists , Alexander Borodai . Although Najib was in touch with the leaders of Russia , Europe , Ukraine and the United States , he was also using back channels to get to the man who controlled the crash site , the source said . "  He is a well-connected man . He was talking to people who could contact Borodai and eventually he came up with someone . And then he made personal contact , " the source told CNN . The first contact was made last Saturday , nearly two days after MH17 was downed . From then on , the two had "  numerous " conversations , the source said , including some on Najib 's personal mobile phone . According to the source , Malaysia was regarded by the rebel leader as a non-aligned party in what had become a war of words between Russia and the West . On top of that , the prime minister is seen by some as having a reputation as a deal-broker . He was instrumental in securing a peace deal between Islamic separatists in the southern Philippines and Manila . Were claims over-stated ? However , Najib 's claims to have brokered the deal with the pro-Russian rebel leader have been met with skepticism by some who say his role in the negotiations may be over-stated . "  I think he wanted to do the right thing there -- he calls it quiet diplomacy . He calls it a victory ... . I do n't think it can be called a success , " said Gerhard Hoffstaedter from the University of Queensland , Australia . Hoffstaedter said many of the bodies may have been handed over to authorities -- but not all of them . In addition , he said , the handover came much later than many Muslims would have hoped . According to religious custom , bodies should be buried as soon as possible after death . The victims of MH17 had been left in a field in Ukraine for three days before their removal . It 's also unclear what Malaysia promised the rebels in order to secure the deal , Hoffstaedter added . International pressure was growing on Borodai to co-operate with investigators , but Malaysian staff who were involved with the process believe the one-on-one contact was critical , and that a non-threatening Malaysia was the perfect negotiating partner . "  This has been a huge success for Najib domestically . He is clearly more popular now , the opposition is siding with him , even his critics are praising him , " Wan Saiful said . Prime minister under pressure After facing international criticism of the country 's handling of the MH370 disaster , the prime minister was under pressure to prove he was able to act quickly and decisively in the case of MH17 . The relief that his diplomacy had paid off was palpable when Najib began to speak to the nation in a televised address . As he announced the deal with Borodai , he also gave the first public hint of his strategy . "  In recent days , there were times I wanted to give greater voice to the anger and grief that the Malaysian people feel . And that I feel . But sometimes , we must work quietly in the service of a better outcome , " he said . However , Wan Saiful said the real test of Najib 's leadership will come when it 's time to speak out against the perpetrators . "  The government should be more aggressive when there 's concrete evidence . When that happens , it 's very important to work with the international community , and to form a coalition to call for the perpetrators to be punished and brought to justice . "  When that happens , it 's not really a matter of whether the PM is willing to be aggressive or not . He has to , otherwise it shows weak leadership , " he said . Bodies en route to the Netherlands Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ? Unanswered questions Danny Lin contributed to this report .	Malaysian prime minister worked contacts to start talks with rebel leader , source said On Tuesday , Najib Razak announced MH17 bodies , flight recorders would be returned Najib 's step-grandmother was on flight shot down near Ukrainian-Russian border last week 298 people died in the disaster , the second for Malaysia Airlines in five months
CNN  -- Rodents , piles of manure , uncaged birds and flies too numerous to count were found by investigators at Iowa farms at the heart of the recall of more than half a billion eggs , the Food and Drug Administration reported Monday . Inspection reports released by the FDA noted numerous violations at six farms operated by Wright County Egg and Quality Egg , which are owned by the same family , and three Hillandale Farms locations . The inspections -- conducted in August , after new egg safety rules went into effect -- were launched in response to the nationwide outbreaks of salmonella that have sickened an estimated 1,470 people , according to the FDA . Neither company fully adhered to their Salmonella enteritidis prevention plans , the inspectors said . Federal investigators found salmonella bacteria in chicken feed and in barn and walkway areas at some of the farms , officials said last week . Monday , health officials detailed plans to launch an inspection program of these and other facilities in the coming weeks . On a conference call Monday , FDA officials said they had also found salmonella in water used to wash eggs at a Hillandale facility . They said it is not clear whether the eggs were washed in contaminated water or if the water was sullied by the eggs . "  Regarding the positive finding in the egg wash water , it is important to note that after washing , all the eggs are rinsed with water containing chlorine as an additional sanitation step , " said Hillandale spokeswoman Julie DeYoung . At some Wright County Egg facilities , federal inspectors found chicken manure in piles up to eight feet high . In other spots , mounds of manure prevented doors from closing , allowing rodents and other animals to possibly come inside , FDA inspectors said . "  The uncaged birds were using the manure -LSB- pile -RSB- ... to access the egg-laying area . " The report said Quality Egg and Wright County Egg workers did not always wear protective clothing , that birds were in storage and milling facilities , and feed bins had rusted holes and gaps . Inspectors also found maggots , and in some areas , "  live and dead flies were too numerous to count . " Inspections at three Hillandale farms found -- among other things -- rodents and rodent holes , liquid manure leaking into a chicken house and uncaged chickens tracking manure from a manure pit into a caged henhouse , the inspectors said . The Center for Science in the Public Interest , a food safety advocacy group , called the FDA findings "  stomach churning . " FDA officials have said new egg safety rules , which took effect in mid-July after the outbreak began , will greatly reduce the possibility of a similar salmonella outbreak . But the center said the companies did n't properly respond to the rules . "  Both companies involved had been on notice that they needed to meet requirements of the new egg-safety rule for over a year . Instead of finding companies that were ready to meet those requirements , FDA 's inspections document companies with long-standing violations and apparently little intention to comply , " the center said in a statement . "  The decrepit conditions in these henhouses reflect the fact that companies know that FDA inspections are so rare -- even following the adoption of a new safety regulation -- that there is no urgency to fix their buildings and their operations to assure compliance with FDA statutes and regulations . " In a statement , Hillandale said it is committed to addressing all issues raised by the FDA in order to be in "  full compliance as soon as possible , " so that it can again ship shell eggs . "  We are in the process of responding to the FDA 's written report to provide further explanation and clarification of what was observed . Several of the issues had been identified by the facilities prior to FDA 's inspection and were already in the process of being addressed during the inspection period . Additionally , some of the issues were immediately corrected as soon as they were identified . " Wright County Egg said "  the vast majority " of the concerns identified in the FDA report already have been addressed or are being addressed . "  We anticipate the expeditious completion of nearly all remaining items by mid-September , " the company said in a statement . "  To demonstrate our continued commitment to running our farms in the most responsible manner and to ensuring the safety of the eggs we produce , our team has worked around the clock to address concerns that were raised verbally during FDA 's inspection , with many of those being fixed as soon as they were identified . ... "  Members of our farm 's management team actively participated alongside FDA officials during daily site inspections , and we have carefully documented details of those inspections . " An FDA spokeswoman on Monday said the inspection reports are "  merely inspectional observations and -LSB- do -RSB- not outline any compliance or enforcement actions . " She said there would also be inspections at other companies to enforce the regulations . "  While we can not disclose a list of inspection targets , ... some factors that we will take into consideration in compiling such a list include the size of the farm , the amount of eggs produced , history of violations and connection to previous outbreaks , " said Siobhan DeLancey . Federal officials pledged Monday to inspect all 600 facilities covered under the new egg rule within the next 15 months . Hillandale 's DeYoung said the company would not respond to specifics in the report . "  We have put specific action plans in place to address each issue raised and are implementing those action plans , " she said . DeYoung also said she does not believe Hillandale is being singled out by federal inspectors . CNN 's Caleb Hellerman and Phil Gast contributed to this report	Food safety advocacy group calls findings "  stomach churning " Hillandale , Wright County Egg say some of the problems have been fixed Inspections find numerous violations at Iowa egg farms , FDA says Inspection reports do not outline compliance or enforcement actions
CNN  -- The Israel Defense Forces said Wednesday it intercepted an Iranian shipment of "  advanced " weapons bound for "  terrorist organizations " operating in Gaza . The Israeli navy stopped a Panamanian-flagged civilian cargo ship and boarded the vessel , the IDF said . The weapons found were identified as Syrian-manufactured surface-to-surface rockets , IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said . It was an Iranian shipment headed for Gaza , the IDF said , citing intelligence . Tehran offered no immediate comment on the incident . According to state media in Iran , military officials denied the reports . "  This allegation is merely based on repetitious and baseless fabrications of the Zionist media , " said Hossein Amir Abdollahian , the deputy foreign minister for Arab and African Affairs . The boarding took place in international waters about 1,000 miles  1,600 kilometers  off the coast of Eilat , Israel , between Sudan and Eritrea in the Red Sea , Lerner said . Asked why Iran did n't try to send its own missiles to Gaza , the IDF spokesman said Tehran was doing everything possible to cover up its role in the shipment of weapons . "  The IDF will continue to operate against the Iranian attempts to arm regional terrorist organizations , who intend to continuously ignite our borders , " Lerner said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the weapons shipment was organized by Iran . "  At a time when it is talking to the major powers , Iran smiles and says all sorts of nice things , the same Iran is sending deadly weapons to terrorist organizations and is doing so via a ramified network of secret operations in order to send rockets , missiles and other deadly weapons that will be used to harm innocent citizens , " Netanyahu said in a statement . A spokesman for Gaza 's interior ministry said the Israeli action was merely a justification for an ongoing blockade around Gaza . "  The Palestinian resistance is not naive to send this amount of weapons through the sea while it is totally under siege in the Gaza strip , " spokesman Islam Shahwan said . Earlier Wednesday , the IDF reported that it stopped two suspects affiliated with Hezbollah from planting a bomb near the Israel-Syria border . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Iranian state media cites sources who knock down the report Israel says it intercepted Panamanian-flagged ship carrying Iranian shipment Syrian-manufactured missiles were on board destined for Gaza , Israel says Israel says Iran attempting to cover up its role in shipment of weapons
CNN  If anyone was going to create a time machine that could tell us the big tech inventions of 2015 , it 's these women . From a super strong moldable glue , to 3D food printers , and laboratories growing human bones , these are the big ideas from some of science 's brightest minds . These seven "  tech superheroes " are set to have a major impact on our lives in the next 12 months , according to Shivvy Jervis , creator and presenter of innovation series , Digital Futures . She predicts the ones to watch in 2015 . Who : Rosalind Picard , co-founder of computing and human analytics start-up Empatica , and researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's media lab . Nationality : American Age : 52 Big idea : A smartwatch , called "  Embrace , " that uses sensors to gauge the wearer 's stress levels and provide medical readings . Why it matters : The prime purpose of this nifty device is n't merely to tell us when we 're feeling irked . It is aimed at those with epilepsy by helping detect convulsive seizures . Who : Desiree Vargas Wrigley , co-founder and CEO of crowdfunding medical platform , Giveforward . Nationality : Costa Rican Age : 32 Big idea : A website dedicated to crowdsourcing medical expenses which has so far raised over $ 100 million . The money goes towards things such as travel for medical treatment , equipment , "  bucket lists " for terminal illness , and funeral costs . Why it matters : It opens up the power of the masses to those who desperately need funding for critical medical treatment . Who : Jane ní Dhulchaointigh , inventor of new material Sugru . Nationality : Irish Age : 35 Big idea : A moldable glue , called "  Sugru , " that sticks to anything from glass to wood , and turns into a strong , flexible rubber overnight . Why it matters : This self-setting material allows people to "  hack their products " -- modifying , fixing , and generally making regular objects better . Added to that , Sugru is waterproof , adhesive , and heat-resistant . Who : Kathryn Myronuk , Director of Research at Singularity University Nationality : American-Canadian Age : 45 Big idea : Described as a "  knowledge sommelier " by WIRED magazine , Myronuk helped create Singularity University in Silicon Valley -- an organization devoted to studying how different technologies will affect the world over the next decade . Why it matters : Myronuk 's focus is on unearthing and forecasting the truly high impact ideas that will shape our futures . She specializes in rapidly changing technologies . Who : Lynette Kucsma , co-founder of Natural Machines , a company that makes 3D food printers . Nationality : American Age : 43 Big idea : Foodini -- a 3D printer that creates everything from pasta , to burgers , and macaroons . Users simply load the ingredients into steel capsules , and watch them squeeze out as complete meals . Why it matters : This clever kitchen appliance brings together the worlds of design , food and technology . Who : Nina Tandon , CEO and co-founder of EpiBone Age : 35 Nationality : American Big idea : EpiBone , the world 's first company growing living human bones for skeletal reconstruction . Why it matters : This pioneering technology uses a patient 's own stem cells to construct a defect-free bone graft to correct that patient 's specific bone problem . It aims to provide bone grafts that will provide exact defect repair and shorter recovery times -- all without the complications of foreign body implantation . Who : Anne Wojcicki , founder of one of the world 's largest database of individual genetic information , 23andme Nationality : American Age : 41 Big idea : One of the world 's largest databases of genetic information about individuals -- allowing consumers to have access to their own genetic information and commercial and academic researchers to better understand and develop new drugs and diagnostics . Why it matters : By virtue of being web-based , it is greatly economical and has reduced the high costs associated with research spending . Read : Who are your Leading Women of 2014 ? Watch : Blow dry boss seeks expansion More : The first ` troll-proof ' website ? The opinions expressed in this story are solely those of Shivvy Jervis .	Digital Futures presenter Shivvy Jervis chooses her tech heroes for 2015 She predicts these women will change our lives in the next 12 months Their inventions range from food printers to genetic databases
CNN  -- A day after the most high-profile assassination in Lebanon in more than seven years , accusations over who 's responsible homed in on the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad . Prime Minister Najib Mikati , a billionaire supported by Hezbollah , announced Saturday that he plans to stay in power , despite having offered his resignation to appease those who claimed al-Assad was behind Friday 's car bombing that killed Lebanon 's intelligence chief , Brig. Gen Wissam al-Hassan . "  To hold me personally responsible for the assassination is unfair , " he told reporters . "  I have always respected and admired al-Hassan , who has done great things for Lebanon . " Mikati 's decision to stay heads off a power vacuum in Lebanon 's government , as sectarian tensions flare particularly as the effects of Syria 's 19-month civil war spill across borders and threaten the region . Do n't know who is who in Lebanon ? A guide to key players The senior Lebanese security official and at least nine others died in the explosion in the typically peaceful and cosmopolitan Ashrafiyeh district of East Beirut . The attack -- in broad daylight , at one of the capital 's busiest intersections -- left a crater more than a meter deep and was just the kind of thing al-Hassan had worked to prevent . But beyond its potential impact on Lebanon 's security , al-Hassan 's life and death illustrates the deep political and religious fissures within Lebanese society , believed to be exacerbated by its neighbor 's internal conflict , where at least another 123 people were killed Saturday amid fighting that has left tens of thousands dead . Saad Hariri , a Lebanese opposition leader and former prime minister , told CNN that he had no doubt that the Syrian leader was responsible for Friday 's deadly strike . Hariri accused al-Assad of "  killing his own people " and said "  he will not think twice " about killing Lebanese in order to protect himself . "  The message from Damascus today is anywhere you are , if you are against the regime from Lebanon , we will come and get you . ... No matter what you try to do , we will keep on assassinating the Lebanese , " said Hariri , who blames the 2005 assassination of his father , former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , on the Assad government . Lebanon on edge after attack Syrian armed forces opened fire from across the border on anti-al-Assad and anti-Hezbollah protesters in northern Lebanon , the Lebanese state-run National News Agency reported . The protesters burned al-Assad 's effigy and Hezbollah flags before being fired upon , NNA reported , citing its reporters at the scene . Walid Jumblatt , a Druze politician and influential power broker in Lebanon 's rough-and-tumble political landscape , also echoed Hariri 's comments . Jumblatt told CNN he blames Friday 's murder on the Assad government and has expressed concerns over his own safety . He said the Syrian-backed murderers of al-Hassan "  can hit you any place anywhere . " "  I do n't feel safe , " he added , talking to CNN in his hillside home outside the capital . When asked if he thought al-Hassan 's killers would be captured , Jumblatt replied : "  Sometimes you have justice -- I mean procedural justice according to the rules , and sometimes you have natural justice when one day the killer will be killed . One day the killer will die . You just have to be patient and one day you will see your enemy floating in front of you in the river . " Under Assad , Syria has continued to influence the politics of its smaller neighbor despite withdrawing troops from Lebanon in 2005 following Rafik Hariri 's assassination . Last year , Damascus maneuvered to topple Hariri 's son Saad as prime minister by persuading Jumblatt to abandon the majority coalition in parliament , which left Hezbollah to play kingmaker in protracted negotiations to form a new government . Tensions have since boiled over in Lebanon following Friday 's attack as enraged citizens blocked roads and clashes erupted in the port city of Tripoli between supporters and foes of Syria 's government . The Lebanese president declared Saturday a day of national mourning in decrying the "  abominable crime " in a statement . But the prime minister 's failure to appear publicly after the explosion elicited criticism , including from one protester in Beirut who said , "  This government is killing us by not doing anything . It is not acting like a government . It is like a ghost government . " The U.N. Security Council also weighed in Friday , calling for "  the perpetrators , organizers , financiers and sponsors of this crime " to be brought to justice . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report from Beirut	NEW : Syrian forces open fire on anti-al-Assad protesters across border , state media reports Lebanese PM Mikati is staying in power , despite his offer to resign Mikati is backed by Hezbollah Blame over Lebanese intel chief 's death is largely aimed at Syrian regime
CNN  -- A report released this week tells us that the international war on drugs is failing . That comes as no surprise as a growing number of policy experts , pundits and politicians have reached that conclusion , including former Secretary of State George Shultz , former Mexican President Vicente Fox , and former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso . Among other findings , the report documents that inflation-adjusted and purity-adjusted prices of marijuana , cocaine and heroin have all decreased dramatically since 1990 in as geographically diverse areas as Europe , the United States and Australia . In other words , illegal drugs are plentiful and cheap around the world . So now what ? The report 's policy recommendations are relatively tepid . It emphasizes the need to shift from a strategy of eradication and interdiction of drugs to one focused more on drug abuse prevention and treatment . Although that shift away from law enforcement to a "  harm reduction " approach would be an improvement on the current futile , counterproductive strategy , it is not nearly sufficient . Moreover , the report too readily accepts the conventional wisdom that drug use is largely responsible for a host of social pathologies . The reality is that the strategy of drug prohibition , not drug use itself , is responsible for many of those pathologies . Drug abuse is certainly a major public health problem , and its societal costs are considerable . But banning the drug trade creates ugly social and economic distortions . Because certain drugs are illegal , there is an enormous black-market premium  by most estimates , up to 90 % of the retail price  associated with them . Moreover , people who are willing to traffic in an illegal product often do not have many qualms about violating other laws . Prohibition enables the most unsavory , violence-prone individuals and organizations to dominate the commerce . Drug prohibition leads inevitably to corruption and violence -- to a disturbing extent in the United States and even more so in drug-source or drug-transiting countries . The problems caused by the war on drugs are even more damaging to societies than those caused by drug use per se . Opinion : Legalized pot would mean more addiction In Mexico , for example , about 60,000 people have perished in armed conflicts among the various drug cartels and between the cartels and the Mexican authorities over the past 6Â 1/2 years . Another 20,000 people have gone missing . That turmoil has found even more fertile soil in the smaller , weaker countries of Central America . Today , Mexican-based drug cartels control major swaths of territory in both Honduras and Guatemala , and they pose a growing threat to the authority of governments throughout the region . As the report notes , the international drug trade is a $ 350 billion-a-year industry . There is no realistic way to suppress such an economic juggernaut . We can only determine whether the trade will be in the hands of honest businesses or ruthless criminals . The quixotic U.S. crusade against alcohol in the 1920s and early 1930s demonstrated that a prohibition strategy empowers and enriches odious criminals . When alcohol was outlawed , the commerce fell into the hands of gangsters like Al Capone and Dutch Shultz . Bootleggers bribed and corrupted elected officials and police personnel throughout the country . There were shootouts on the streets of Chicago , New York and other American citiesâ $ " just as we have gunbattles between drug gangs in large cities today . Once Prohibition ended , legitimate business provided consumers with the beverages they sought , and the carnage and corruption subsided . Today , suppliers such as Gallo Wines , Coors Brewery , and Jack Daniels Distillery dominate the trade . Ending drug prohibition is not a panacea . Under a legalized system for alcoholic beverages , we still have to deal with drunk driving , alcoholism and other social problems . Yet no rational person would advocate returning to Prohibition with all its ugly consequences . The folly of alcohol prohibition was confined to the United States . Thanks largely to Washington 's pressure -- drug prohibition is a global folly . We should learn from history and do more than make modest shifts in anti-drug strategies . We need to bite the bullet , accepting the reality that our second fling with prohibition has n't worked any better than the first . Change should begin with the comprehensive legalization of marijuana , not just incremental , partial legalization as voters in Colorado and Washington approved last year . We also need to begin a serious discussion about how to deal with harder drugs within a framework of legalization . Whatever the specifics of a new policy , there needs to be recognition both in the United States and around the world that prohibition is an unsustainable approach . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ted Galen Carpenter .	Ted Carpenter : It 's no surprise that a new report says the global war on drugs is failing Carpenter : Drug prohibition leads to corruption , violence and a host of societal problems He says the folly of alcohol prohibition offers us lessons in anti-drug strategies Carpenter : Change of policy should begin with legalization of marijuana
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Prominent retailers and clothing suppliers are scrambling to clarify their links to a garment factory in Bangladesh that caught fire over the weekend , killing more than 100 people . Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Monday that the Tazreen Fashion factory in Ashulia , near the Bangladeshi capital , Dhaka , was no longer authorized to produce merchandise for its stores . But one of its suppliers "  subcontracted work to this factory without authorization and in direct violation of our policies , " Wal-Mart said in a statement . "  Today , we have terminated the relationship with that supplier , " it said , without identifying the company in question . The clothing factory , housed in a multistory building , caught fire Saturday night . More than 100 people were killed and at least 200 were injured as they rushed to escape , police said . The toll makes it "  the most deadly factory fire in the history of the apparel industry in Bangladesh , " according to the International Labor Rights Forum  ILRF  , a workers advocacy group . The range of international companies being linked to the Tazreen facility highlights the complex web of global supply chains in the clothing industry . Li & Fung , a large trading company that supplies international retailers , said that it had placed orders worth more than $ 100,000 with the Tazreen factory this year for Kids Headquarters , part of its U.S. subsidiary . But it said it had not made orders for other customers with Tazreen . Li & Fung , which is based in Hong Kong , said it was very distressed and saddened by the deaths of workers " at the factory . It said it was offering the equivalent of about $ 1,200 to the family of each victim of the blaze . It also said it was setting up a fund for the education of victims ' children . Fire rips through clothing factory near Dhaka The big loss of life has provoked anger among workers in Bangladesh 's huge garment industry . Thousands of people from dozens of clothing factories in Ashulia took to the streets Monday to protest the way in which their colleagues died . The protesters blocked traffic and demonstrated for several hours , demanding compensation and a full investigation into what happened . The Bangladeshi government has ordered such an investigation , asking two committees to file reports within a week . Li & Fung said it would carry out its own investigation . A period of national mourning was also held Tuesday for those killed at the factory and for the victims from a recent overpass collapse in southeastern Bangladesh . Overpass collapse kills 11 in Bangladesh All apparel factories were to be closed Tuesday , and special prayers offered at mosques , churches and temples . As well as Wal-Mart and Li & Fung , other big companies were dealing with the fallout from the disaster . The ILRF published a list of companies whose brand logos had been found on clothing and documents at the factory . They included Dickies , whose owner , Williamson-Dickie Manufacturing Co. , said it had concluded its "  production schedule " with Tazreen earlier this year . Williamson-Dickie aims to "  ensure the global vendors and suppliers we work with provide a safe work environment in accordance with all applicable laws and fair labor practices , " the company said . The ILRF also said that the True Desire brand sold at the retailer Sears was among those linked to the factory . Sears Holdings said that it does not source products from the Tazreen factory and recognizes the critical importance of fire safety . "  Any merchandise found at that factory should NOT have been manufactured there and we are currently investigating further , " the company said in a statement . Even as Bangladesh prepared to mourn the deaths from the weekend fire , firefighters battled a blaze at another apparel factory near Dhaka on Monday . Police and witnesses said the latest fire , at a 10-story clothing factory in the suburb of Uttara , began Monday morning , and firefighters took about four hours to bring it under control . "  Firefighters have brought the flames under control , and no one died in the incident , " Brig. Gen. Abu Nayeem Mohammad Shahidullah , director general of Bangladesh Fire Service and Civil Defense , told reporters . Local police said at least 10 people were injured in Uttara as they jumped from windows to escape . They said the fire began on the second floor , where a large quantity of fabric and yarn were stored , and it spread immediately to the fourth floor . Bangladesh 's ready-made garments make up 80 % of the country 's $ 24 billion in annual exports . The country has about 4,500 garment factories that make clothes for stores including Tesco , Wal-Mart , J.C. Penney , H&M , Marks & Spencer , Kohl 's and Carrefour . The sector earned $ 19 billion this year as of June . The state-run news agency , Sangbad Sangstha , recently reported that some 6,000 people die every year in fires in Bangladesh . The accounts of survivors from the blaze on Saturday night underlined the panic and chaos at the scene . "  How the factory caught fire , I do n't know . But when we heard ` fire , ' we all rushed out and we were trying to get out of the factory , " said Parul Begum , a survivor . "  One factory worker broke a window and one of the workers pulled me through . After the fire , we tried to run out the door , but it was locked . When the floor  became  dark with smoke , the boys came to rescue me , " she said . CNN 's Atika Shubert and Jethro Mullen , and journalist Farid Ahmed contributed to this report .	The factory was not authorized to make merchandise for Wal-Mart , company says The company cuts ties with a supplier that subcontracted work to the factory A trading company based in Hong Kong offers financial aid to victims ' families More than 100 people were killed in the blaze in Bangladesh
CNN  -- Mila Kunis -- and her baby bump and engagement ring -- are out of hiding . After shying away from discussing her pregnancy and relationship with Ashton Kutcher , Kunis has opened up to Ellen DeGeneres about both the baby and her future husband . In an episode of "  Ellen , " the 30-year-old actress marveled that she and Kutcher , 36 , were able to keep their growing family and wedding plans under wraps "  for a very long time . " "  We were able to keep  our engagement  private for two months without anybody knowing , " Kunis said . "  I think everybody assumed we 'd been engaged for so long , that I was wearing the ring in public for two months and nobody commented on it . " Even when the cat was out of the bag , Kunis and Kutcher declined to make a public announcement , and they did the same with their baby news . On "  Ellen , " Kunis was still coy about details -- she would n't reveal her due date , the baby 's gender or the name they 've chosen -- but she did jokingly confirm that the little one will arrive "  sometime this year , I promise you . " So far , Kunis has had a "  stereotypical " pregnancy , with cravings for salty snacks like sauerkraut and pickles . To help out his fiancee , Kutcher has stocked their "  secondary fridge " with things Kunis might want , from ice cream to anchovies . "  He kind of pre-empted this . He assumed I was going to have goofy cravings , " Kunis said . "  It happened last week . I was like , ` Oh my God , I need a pickle . ' And he was like , ` Hold on a second , ' and disappeared into the backyard and came back with the most amazing dill pickle of all time . " That 's not the only way Kutcher 's trying to be helpful . He 's also learning Russian . Kunis , who 's from the Ukraine , already speaks the language , and he wants to be able to speak Russian to the baby , too . As far as her birth plan , "  I 'm going to do it as all natural as I possibly can , unless there 's an emergency , " Kunis said , confirming that she plans to go without an epidural . "  I did this to myself , I might as well do it right . "	Mila Kunis has opened up about her pregnancy and engagement The actress talked about both on "  Ellen " She 's having a "  very stereotypical " pregnancy
CNN  -- South African animal welfare inspectors say they seized an exotic snake that a traditional healer was using to try to influence World Cup matches . Investigators found the 9-foot , female Burmese python in "  dire condition " last week in a shack where the healer had set up shop in Cape Town , said Sarah Scarth , a spokeswoman for the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals . "  He 'd been ostensibly taking money , and apparently using  the snake  as a medium to speak to the ancestors and appeal to them , " she told CNN Tuesday . Local authorities tipped off the SPCA , Scarth said . The python was suffering from pneumonia , mouth rot and dehydration when inspectors found him . "  It had no access to any food or water , " she said . The snake 's condition has improved under a veterinarian 's care , she said . She said the SPCA would not be pursuing animal cruelty charges in the case because the sangoma , or healer , signed over ownership of the snake to the SPCA after meeting with officials . Last week 's seizure was not the first animal-related incident during the World Cup , Scarth said . In one of the early games , security officials confiscated a rooster that a French fan had brought into the stadium , she said .	Animal welfare organization says 9-foot Burmese python was in "  dire condition " Investigators seized snake from shack Healer was using the python to try to influence World Cup results The snake is responding well to veterinary treatment
Deforestation is a term that is used a lot in environmental reporting and it 's easy to forget exactly what that word means . One of the reasons why we came to Sumatra was to help people understand what deforestation looks like and why it 's a problem from the perspective of those on the ground watching it happen . When it comes to deforestation in Indonesia , it has had a devastating effect . WWF estimates that half of Sumatra 's forest cover has disappeared from 1985 to 2008 . The forest cover has gone from 50 % to 25 % . That means , within my lifetime , the landscape of the island of Sumatra has completely changed . Deforestation means taking a forest and destroying it . All of the trees , plants , insects , animals and people who live there are either killed or forced to find a new home . Once a forest is cut down , the plant species all are gone . Insects and animals might make it out to find new homes , but that might include areas populated by humans , making their survival questionable . Read more : Indonesia 's indigenous villages in flux The indigenous people who live in the forest have to relocate to another area of forest or out of the forest altogether . This is a complete life change . The infrastructure , the way they provide for their families and the very basic way they live their lives would be completely different . Deforestation in Indonesia is a byproduct of industrial attempts to sell timber or plant a palm oil or acacia plantation . In essence , these forests are cut down to make money . But money is important , so a compromise needs to be reached . There has to be a way to make money without destroying forests , wildlife habitat and indigenous peoples ' way of life . Indonesia is trying to do the right thing . The government has halted the cutting of virgin forest , also known as primary forest . This is untouched forest that has never been logged . Thirty Hills National Park was created in the 1990s to protect some of the rainforest . It is almost 144,000 hectares , but represents only a small portion of Sumatra 's rainforest . Much of the forested areas of Sumatra that are not privately owned or protected like Thirty Hills National Park are a patchwork of land divided up into concessions . These patches of forest are owned by the government and leased to different companies for different uses . Unfortunately , many of those uses involve cutting down critical wildlife habitat . Interactive : Mission to save Sumatra 's rainforest Peter Pratje , Indonesian Director for the Frankfurt Zoological Society  FZS  has released more than 140 endangered Sumatran orangutans  mostly former pets  into the area of the rainforest near Thirty Hills . The intention was for the orangutans to roam free in the national park , but orangutans do n't respect human boundaries . They prefer the lowlands , areas surrounding Thirty Hills that are industrial concessions . These areas have been selectively logged , taking out the larger trees for timber . Conservationists think of it as an acceptable compromise . This process also allows fruit trees to thrive and multiply . Orangutans are herbivores who prefer a diet of fruit , so they naturally migrate to those lowland areas . Leasing these lands to industries that would clear cut this forest would deeply affect this small orangutan population . It could undo all the work Peter and his orangutan team have accomplished over the past decade . Orangutans are not the only animals affected by deforestation . Critically endangered Sumatran elephants and tigers like the lowlands too . But this area is n't what 's protected . The lowland is a moneymaker . It 's easier to navigate than the hilly areas , making it prime land for logging and pulp or palm oil plantations . Sometimes the government concludes the economic benefits are greater than the conservation needs . But NGOs like WWF and FZS are hoping to change minds about the importance of these concessions being marked for conservation . The hope is to save the critical areas and find other patches of land less ideal for wildlife or indigenous people that can still generate an economic benefit .	Jenni Watts produced Expedition : Sumatra , CNN 's new environment special The team traveled round Indonesia charting some of the biggest issues affecting the country They met the local people in the indigenous Talang Mamak village of Semerantihan
CNN  -- What makes a zoo or aquarium outstanding ? Exotic animals ? Stellar recreations of natural habitats ? Plenty of sugary refreshments for the kids ? The new Travelers ' Choice awards for Zoos and Aquariums around the world issued by travel website TripAdvisor is light on captive-collection specifics but high on opinion . Naming 275 zoos and aquariums in total , the awards call the Henry Doorly Zoo in Omaha , Nebraska , the world 's best . The San Diego Zoo in California comes in second place . Monterey , California 's Monterey Bay Aquarium tops the list of world aquariums . "  The U.S. leads the tally of world lists of zoos and aquariums , with nine of the top 25 zoos  and  10 of the top 25 world aquariums , " said the U.S.-based website in a statement accompanying the announcement of the awards . The site says its awards are based on "  millions " of reviews from its users . "  Award winners were determined using an algorithm that took into account the quantity and quality of reviews for zoos and aquariums worldwide , gathered over a 12-month period , " said the website . Renamed and reorganized in the 1960s by the Omaha Zoological Society , the Henry Doorly Zoo has roots dating to the 1880s when , as Riverview Park , it contained about 120 animals , including two bison on loan from "  Buffalo Bill " Cody . Today , the zoo has "  thousands of animals from around the globe , 130 acres of exhibits and gardens including seven acres of indoor exhibits , " according to the zoo . The highest-ranking non-U.S. zoos in the survey are Spain 's Loro Parque  # 3 overall  and Singapore Zoo  # 5 overall  . The highest-ranking non-U.S. aquariums are Portugal 's Oceanario de Lisboa  # 2 overall  and Greece 's Aquaworld Aquarium  # 6 overall  . The complete list of TripAdvisor Travelers ' Choice awards for zoos is online at TripAdvisor.com . The complete list of aquariums is also at TripAdvisor.com . World 's top 10 zoos according to TripAdvisor 1 . Henry Doorly Zoo  Omaha , Nebraska 2 . San Diego Zoo  San Diego 3 . Loro Parque  Puerto de la Cruz , Spain 4 . St. Louis Zoo  St. Louis 5 . Singapore Zoo  Singapore 6 . Chester Zoo  Chester , UK 7 . Prague Zoo  Prague 8 . Tiergarten Schoenbrunnâ $ " Zoo Vienna  Vienna 9 . Bioparc Valencia  Valencia , Spain 10 . Gramado Zoo  Gramado , Brazil World 's top 10 aquariums according to TripAdvisor 1 . Monterey Bay Aquarium  Monterey , California 2 . Oceanario de Lisboa  Lisbon , Portugal 3 . Georgia Aquarium  Atlanta 4 . Tennessee Aquarium  Chattanooga , Tennessee 5 . Ripley 's Aquarium of the Smokies  Gatlinburg , Tennessee 6 . Aquaworld Aquarium  Hersonissos , Greece 7 . Dallas World Aquarium  Dallas 8 . Vancouver Aquarium  Vancouver , British Columbia 9 . Mundomar  Benidorm , Spain 10 . Two Oceans Aquarium  Cape Town , South Africa Must-see : 53 spectacular wildlife photos around the world	TripAdvisor announces awards for world 's best zoos and aquariums U.S. dominates with nine of top 25 zoos and 10 of top 25 aquariums Henry Doorly Zoo in Omaha , Nebraska , is picked as world 's best zoo Awards based on "  millions " of reviews from TripAdvisor users
Washington  CNN  -- This weekend we pause to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the preliminary Emancipation Proclamation that set in motion the freeing of the slaves throughout the South . But as we focus on Abraham Lincoln 's action on September 22 , 1862 , we should also realize that there was another crucial date in the story of freedom . Perhaps the most significant event in American history -- other than the creation of the documents that created our nation -- was Abraham Lincoln 's emancipation of the slaves in the District of Columbia on April 16 , eight and a half months before the historic signing of the Emancipation Proclamation . It was the most significant because it began the process of stopping the one thing that could have ended this nation : slavery . The D.C. proclamation predated the Emancipation Proclamation by months , but it received no less attention from the nation . It was a highly controversial document , and it was the first and only time that the government tried to compensate owners for freeing the enforced laborers . Owners loyal to the United States were paid $ 300 per person , and each freed man , woman or child was paid $ 100 -- almost one-third of a working man 's yearly wage in 1862 -- for those people who chose to return home . Compensating slaveholders was never tried again . Washington was a hub of the slave trade . Slaves were sold across from the White House in Lafayette Park . Slave pens , or jails , holding the slaves for sale were located throughout the District . Charles Ball , a slave in Washington , would take walks to Georgetown . "  I frequently saw large numbers of people of my color chained together in long trains , and driven off towards the South , " he wrote . Frederick Douglass was one of Lincoln 's most severe critics . For those unfamiliar with him , among man , Douglass stands beside Lincoln as a towering giant of the Civil War . Born a slave , Douglass , in his own words , "  stole this body " and escaped to New Bedford , Massachusetts . Self-educated , Douglass became known nationwide . Lincoln invited him to the White House four times .  Twice for meetings , once to his second Inauguration and once to the Summer White House , which Douglass declined because he had a speaking engagement .  The first meeting changed Douglass ' tune . After that conversation Douglass said , "  I felt as if I had known him all my life . " What was most important , Douglass had Lincoln 's ear ; the president listened . Ending the sale of slaves in the District was a thing of wonder . The act , said Douglass , was "  a priceless and an unspeakable blessing . " A District citizen  an African-American who was a free man all his life  , wrote a friend in Baltimore , "  Were I a drinker I would get on a Jolly spree today , but as a Christian I can but kneel in prayer and bless God for the privilege I 've enjoyed this day . " Because of the Civil War , the District 's Emancipation Day was not formally celebrated until 1866 , when 5,000 marched from the U.S. Capitol up Pennsylvania Avenue to Franklin Square , cheered by a crowd of 10,000 lining the way . Earlier this year , the District 's non-voting member of Congress , the Honorable Eleanor Holmes Norton , led Washington 's celebration of Emancipation Day . Many years ago , her great-grandfather , Richard , lived in the city . President Lincoln 's signature did n't free him . He freed himself when he walked away from a slave plantation in Virginia in the 1850 's . But Lincoln 's mighty pen made 3,100 men , women and children equal in the laws of the land . The congresswomen did more than simply honor legacy ; she brought the emancipation legacy home to us now . She said that the city , unlike the 3,100 who were emancipated , could free itself of congressional rule .  Washington 's citizens do not have senators and have but one non-voting representative in Congress . Congress must approve all legislation Washington 's City Council enacts . Norton said , "  Our freedom is locked up in the U.S. Capitol . We can claim it , or leave it there . "  We can claim it , or leave it there . " This fall , the descendants of slaves , millions of ethnic and religious minorities from other lands , African-Americans and immigrants -- Latinos , Asians , Europeans -- and women , as well as working - and middle-class Americans , will decide whether to claim their future . We are all in this together . All Americans will have a chance to move Lincoln 's vision forward to help close the opportunity gap , to end the economic inequality resulting from government policies that favor a handful over the many who work equally hard . Abraham Lincoln would be proud to see the progress we have made . But he also would understand that there is still more work to do . Together . Claim it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Weekend marks 150th anniversary of preliminary Emancipation Proclamation She says April 16 , 1862 also was significant in struggle for freedom On that date , Lincoln signed bill to free the slaves in the District of Columbia She says it began the process , which continues today , of seeking freedom and justice
CNN  -- Flash floods and landslides triggered by a weekend tropical storm have killed at least 100 people in Vietnam , the country 's news agency said Monday . Vietnamese villagers look at the rubble where 19 houses stood before a flash-flood ripped away the hamlet of Tung Chin in Lao Cai province . Forecasters fear additional casualties as more rain was expected Monday . The floods in the the country 's northern mountain provinces damaged tens of thousands of homes , swept away thousands of cattle and submerged crops , the Vietnam News Agency said . More than two dozen people remained missing . Officials mobilized thousands of rescue workers to look for survivors and to carry relief to the areas hardest hit by the storm . Tropical Storm Kammuri struck the northern provinces on Friday . The southeast Asian country is prone to heavy rainfall during the May through September monsoon season . The resulting landslides and floods have killed hundreds in past years .	Flash floods and landslides kill at least 100 people in Vietnam Disasters triggered by tropical storm Forecasters fear additional casualties
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- "  Smoking hot " was how many observers described Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard 's blistering attack on sexism and misogyny in the bear pit of Australia 's Parliament on Tuesday . The roar of support from Australian women on Twitter was deafening . So too was their rage when the parliamentary press gallery almost uniformly condemned Gillard 's excoriation of the Leader of the Opposition coalition , Tony Abbott , as hypocritical and showing poor political judgment . For 15 minutes Gillard tore into Abbott before the Australian House of Representatives , the expression on his face going from a wry smile to embarrassment . The occasion was a highly charged debate on a motion brought by Abbott to sack the Speaker of the House , Peter Slipper . Slipper , a coalition turncoat who helped the government bolster its numbers by taking up the highly paid position last year , stepped aside in April amid allegations of fraud and sexual harassment . In court documents published last week , text messages between Slipper and his accuser in the sexual harassment action revealed deeply disturbing and offensive banter . In one of the messages , Slipper described female genitalia as looking like "  a mussel removed from its shell . " Abbott said the messages showed Slipper was not fit to be the standard-bearer of good behavior in Parliament . Gillard , while condemning the text messages , refused to support the motion to sack Slipper . Instead , she unfurled two years of pent up rage at the coalition leader for what she described as his own sexist , misogynistic attitude toward her and women generally . Shock jock targets Gillard "  I will not be lectured about sexism and misogyny by this man . I will not , " she said , pointing at Abbott . "  And the government will not be lectured about sexism and misogyny by this man . Not now , not ever . "  If he wants to know what misogyny looks like in modern Australia , he does n't need a motion in the House of Representatives . He needs a mirror . " The prime minister then presented her evidence . She reminded Abbott of his response to a question about lower female representation in positions of power : "  What if men are by physiology or temperament more adapted to exercise authority or to issue command ? " She then cited his statements that "  abortion is the easy way out " and "  what the housewives of Australia need to understand as they do the ironing ... " during a debate on the recently introduced carbon tax . "  I was offended too , " Gillard continued , "  by the sexism , by the misogyny of the Leader of the Opposition catcalling across this table at me , as I sit here as prime minister , ` If the prime minister wants to , politically speaking , make an honest woman of herself , ' something that would never have been said to any man sitting in this chair . "  I was offended when the leader of the opposition went outside in the front of Parliament and stood next to a sign that said ` Ditch the Witch . ' " But the prime minister 's anger turned into white-hot rage when she responded to Abbott 's assertion , made during his speech in support of Tuesday 's motion to sack the speaker , that every day Gillard supported Slipper was "  another day of shame for a government which should already have died of shame . " Just a week earlier , a coalition-supporting commercial radio presenter , Alan Jones , provoked outrage across the nation when he told a gathering of young Liberals that the prime minister 's recently deceased father had "  died of shame . " The prime minister had refused to comment on the controversy . Yesterday she broke her silence : "  I indicate to the leader of the opposition , the government is not dying of shame , my father did not die of shame . What the leader of the opposition should be ashamed of is his performance in this parliament and the sexism he brings with it , " she said . Not long after Abbot 's motion narrowly failed in a parliamentary vote , with the prime minister victorious , Slipper resigned his post . Gillard 's speech has ignited excitement and debate internationally . The venerable New Yorker magazine implored U.S. President Barack Obama to learn a lesson from the way politics is played in Australia . "  After his performance last week , supporters of President Obama , watching Gillard cut through the disingenuousness and feigned moral outrage of her opponent to call him out for his own personal prejudice , hypocrisy , and aversion to facts , might be wishing their man would take a lesson from Australia , " it intoned . Britain 's Guardian applauded Gillard for pulling no punches but noted the prime minister "  is n't quite the stuff of feminist fantasies " because she has repeatedly refused to support same sex marriage in Australia . From the journalists permanently reporting from the Australian Parliament , there were many questions -- in particular why the prime minister welcomed Peter Slipper 's resignation over his bawdy and offensive text messages but was unprepared to sack him ? Peter Hartcher , political and international editor for the Sydney Morning Herald , led the charge . Gillard faced a choice , he wrote , "  between the political defense of her parliamentary numbers or the defense of the principle of respect for women . " She made the wrong choice , wrote Hartcher . The prime minister chose power over principle in deciding not to support the sacking of the house speaker and in so doing , "  The prime minister gained nothing and lost a great deal , " he added . Taking the pulse of social media , there are very few women who agree with him . "  Where does he get off taking the high moral ground pffft ! " posted @abissicus on Twitter . "  What utter s *** " wrote @vikkiking88 . Australia now has a female prime minister , a female speaker of the House -- elected after Slipper resigned -- and a female governor-general . Just another day in Australian politics .	Australian PM Julia Gillard hits out at opposition leader in parliament Gillard was speaking out against a motion by Tony Abbott to sack Parliament speaker Peter Slipper was accused of sending sexist and offensive text messages Gillard condemned the texts but slammed Abbott 's sexist behavior towards her
CNN  -- As Michael Ballack finally calls time on his 17-year professional career , German football can bask in the knowledge they boast the best two teams in Europe . But while the Champions League final between eventual winners Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund showcased all that is good about German football , the 36-year-old has told CNN the domestic game may suffer as a result . As well as the continent 's most glittering club prize , Bayern won the German Cup and the Bundesliga by an incredible 25 points . Dortmund , who won the championship in the previous two seasons , were their nearest challengers , and the pair have accounted for five of the last six titles . Ballack told CNN World Sport that duopoly could be bad news for the Bundesliga , if Germany 's top league starts to resemble Spain , where Barcelona and Real Madrid reign supreme . "  In Germany we have a situation now where Dortmund and Bayern are far , far more away from the other teams , and that 's what we do n't want to see in the Bundesliga , " said Ballack , who has 98 Germany caps to his name . "  We have a little bit of a similar situation in Spain with Barca and Madrid , and in the  English  Premier League it 's more open . "  These last years we could see a lot of surprises , and from the bottom  a team  could beat the first one . It was exciting and the Bundesliga was good to see . Bayern Munich is heading away a little bit so we will see how it develops in the future . " Bayern 's historic treble confirmed them as the dominant force in Germany , and with their considerable financial muscle , they are already planning on extending their superiority over the rest . Shortly before the end of the season it was announced that Mario Gotze -- one of Dortmund 's best players -- would be joining Bayern for $ 49 million , with striker Robert Lewandowski expected to make a similar move in the coming weeks . While the man who masterminded Bayern 's success in 2013 , Jupp Heynckes , is retiring , his replacement is Pep Guardiola , who won a total of 14 trophies in four years as coach of Barcelona . So how can the other teams , Dortmund included , keep up with the Bayern juggernaut ? "  With money , " Ballack jokes . "  No , it 's difficult for the weaker teams to close the gap because like I said , the bigger teams still invest , and they could invest . "  If you take Bayern Munich , they just bought six months ago Javi Martinez for $ 52 million , now Gotze for $ 49 million . So that 's a lot of money and it 's not possible I think to do it for any other club in Germany . "  It is just Bayern Munich who has this good position , and from a financial point really good , and really healthy . And that 's important . "  Dortmund as well , they are trying to close the gap between them and the other teams , but of course Bayern Munich are far away from the others . " Guardiola comes with a reputation as one of the game 's leading coaches , but given the standards Bayern set this season , Ballack thinks the Spaniard will struggle to improve the team . "  I think sometimes when you come in  as a new coach  you think ' I have to change something . ' But if you see this Bayern Munich team now , I ca n't really see where he needs to change . "  Obviously he has his own idea of football and how he wants to play . I 'm sure he 's seen a lot of games , if not all , in the last six months from Bayern Munich , and he knows there 's not much to improve . "  It 's an incredible level that they 've played in the last six months or the last year . And like I said before , the little details . Maybe change something just to change something because you want to play your own style . "  But on the other side , like I said , you ca n't really change a lot because everything works well . But I 'm sure he 's a smart guy and a good coach , and he will handle it . " Ballack 's farewell match in Leipzig saw a World XI , coached by new Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho , take on a Germany XI , coached by Rudi Voller . Former teammates Didier Drogba , now at Galatasaray , Ukrainian Andriy Shevchenko , Bayern captain Philipp Lahm and seven-time Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher , among others , took part . Mourinho managed Ballack at Chelsea and has now returned to London for a second stint after his three-year tenure at Real Madrid ended in disappointment . One of the Portuguese 's first engagements will be to renew his rivalry with Guardiola when Chelsea play Bayern in the UEFA Super Cup at the end of August . And Ballack , who won one Premier League title and two FA Cups in his four years at Chelsea , and three Bundesliga crowns with Bayern , says his time with Mourinho was a golden spell in his career . "  He has a fantastic reputation at  Chelsea  , also I think in England . He 's a charismatic manager and I really enjoyed working with him for two years and most of the players as well I can say . "  I think  his image  is not always what you see in the media . What we have as players , is another picture . And that 's the picture in the dressing room . "  It 's the daily work with him on the pitch and his speeches when he talks to us . And that 's what I can say is special , because his attitude , his personality , if he comes in front of the group if he talks to us . "  What 's fantastic is he brought the team behind him . And that shows not just in Chelsea , he also adapted really well on the international  stage  . He worked in Italy , he worked in Spain , and everywhere he had success . "	Michael Ballack tells CNN the dominance of Dortmund and Bayern is bad for Germany Two sides contested Champions League final and are streets ahead in Bundesliga The 36-year-old says new Bayern coach Pep Guardiola has a tough job to improve the team Ballack played a farewell match in Leipzig as his 17-year career officially came to an end
CNN  -- A 16-year-old Nevada boy sought in the killings of his younger brother and mother was taken into custody Wednesday morning by detectives , Henderson police said . Adrian Navarro-Canales was found sitting in an open-air food court near the heart of the Las Vegas Strip , close to the intersection of Las Vegas Boulevard and Tropicana Avenue , about 10:30 a.m. , police spokesman Keith Paul told CNN . Detectives arrested him without incident . A judge formally signed an arrest warrant Monday charging the suspect as an adult with two counts of murder . Navarro-Canales was initially thought to have been a possible victim following the killing his mother and brother , but he became a suspect in the case , police said Tuesday . His mother and brother were found stabbed to death in their apartment on Friday , police said earlier this week . Officers were called to the home after a friend and a relative raised concerns when the mother , Elvira Canales-Gomez , 40 , did n't show up for work and was n't returning phone calls . Detectives also learned that the suspect 's 9-year-old brother , Cesar Navarro , had n't been in school since September 17 . "  When the woman and her young son were found in the apartment , detectives thought the older son might also have been a victim , " the police statement said . But over the course of the investigation , he went from being "  a missing person to a person of interest , " the statement said . By Sunday , detectives decided they had probable cause to arrest him . In the affidavit for the arrest warrant , the Clark County Coroner 's Office estimated that the victims were killed the evening of September 17 in their apartment , CNN affiliate KLAS reported . Police believe the teen continued living in the unit with the dead bodies , the station reported . His brother was later found in the apartment 's bathtub and his mother nearby with a knife in the center of her chest , the station said .	Boy , 16 , was near Las Vegas Strip in open-air food court Detectives arrest him without incident He faces a warrant charging him as an adult in deaths of mother , 40 , and brother , 9
CNN  -- I believe it was the great American philosopher Kenny Rogers , who , while meditating on the nuances of Darwinism , gave the world this piece of advice : "  You got to know when to hold 'em / Know when to fold 'em / Know when to walk away/Know when to run . " Any Democrat who might want to challenge a Republican-led effort to ban welfare recipients from spending federal aid in strip clubs and casinos needs to fold 'em . Walk away . Run . The House "  strip club " bill just passed , 395 to 27 , with only 26 Democrats and one Republican voting against it . But it 's not only a battle those 26 Democrats ca n't win in the PR arena , it is a battle that completely undermines the narrative about Republicans not caring about the middle class . After all , how can the opponents genuinely criticize Republicans for trying to make cuts in aid while resisting a seemingly innocuous effort to avoid welfare fraud , a big concern for taxpayers ? The Temporary Assistance for Needy Families -- or welfare -- supplies cash to working poor families using what amounts to a debit card . Last year , about 1.8 million families received a few hundred federal dollars each month to help make ends meet . It 's meant to pay for necessities like food and rent . The average American can relate to that , because a lot of us have been there . But media reports say that some of those cards were used in ATMs in strip clubs , liquor stores , Las Vegas casinos , even cruise ships -- locations average Americans can also relate to , but not with taxpayers ' money involved . Now , just because a few people are using these cards at strip club ATMs does not signal widespread fraud . In fact , less than half of 1 % of benefits in California were withdrawn in casinos and strip clubs , and it 's impossible to tell where the money was spent , according to the Western Center on Law and Poverty . But even still , who can be opposed to the government taking steps to discourage abuse , especially as the nation is wrestling with budget cut decisions ? I certainly did n't expect any Democrat to be against a government regulation , given the amount of criticism the party hurls at Republicans for deregulating everything . Again : Welfare checks , strip clubs , casinos ... seems like a no-brainer , right ? And yet Rep. Gwen Moore , D-Wisconsin , called the measure "  another effort to berate those people who are in the lower class . " Â Seriously Moore -- fold 'em . Trying to massage this bill into a message about Republicans demonizing the poor does n't make liberals look like fighters for the little guy . It makes them look like free-wheeling hedonists ; just another one of those times when some Democrats may be right in the small picture , but are totally missing the big one . Elizabeth Lower-Basch , a senior analyst at the Center for Law and Social Policy , said : "  This is another example of setting policies based on attention-grabbing news stories with little connection to the underlying reality and that are designed to reinforce the ` unworthy poor ' stereotype . " Yes , this bill is a grandstanding exercise that does something close to nothing in terms of impacting the overall budget , or the very real problem with poverty . But so what ? The flipside is that some Democrats look as if they do n't want to address welfare fraud while they fight welfare cuts , which , if you think about it , looks a lot worse . The Democrats against this bill should fold their hand , cut their losses and live to grandstand another day . And as long as Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich are each within an earshot of a microphone , the chances are pretty good that there will be plenty of disconnected GOP remarks regarding poor people to grandstand on for the months ahead . Does Congress have better things to do ? Absolutely . But that does n't mean it should avoid doing the little things , and this is a little thing the Senate should pass when the bill arrives for a vote , along with testing welfare recipients and legislators for drugs . But Democrats should n't just take my word on in it . I encourage them to walk into any manufacturing plant in the Midwest and ask the workers how they feel about a portion of their tax dollars being spent on strippers by people on welfare . Yeah , as I said , just fold 'em . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook.Â The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	GOP House bill bans welfare recipients from aid in strip clubs and casinos LZ Granderson : The 26 Democrats who voted against House bill need to hang it up LZ : Only half of 1 % of benefits were withdrawn this way in California , but so what ? LZ : Senate should pass the bill . Americans do n't want tax dollars spent in strip clubs
Washington  CNN  -- A classified U.S. intelligence analysis says it is most likely that pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine fired the missile that downed Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , CNN has learned . A U.S. defense official with direct access to the latest information detailed the analysis to CNN but declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the information . The preliminary analysis concludes the missile was from a Russian-made Buk system , known as the SA-11 among NATO forces , the official said . U.S. military intelligence analysts concluded only the SA-11 or the SA-20 has the warhead , range and ability to shoot down an airliner , the official said . The Ukrainians are not believed to have an SA-20 system , and there is no intelligence suggesting Russia ever transferred one across the border . However , U.S. intelligence has concluded that pro-Russian separatists have a Buk system . The official says it 's unclear if the separatists captured it from Ukraine or Russia transferred it to them . The U.S. military and intelligence community expect to have a more definitive assessment of what happened by the end of the weekend . "  We want to put together a solid picture " on each element of the event , the official said . That assessment is expected to remain classified for now , but will be shared among NATO nations , the official said . It may eventually be shared publicly to show what the United States believes happened . "  We can not say with complete certainty , but we do not think the missile came from the Russian side of the border , " the official said . "  All the indications are it was fired from inside eastern Ukraine . " The initial assessment also suggests separatists thought they were shooting at a Ukrainian military transport plane . Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's top military commander , who also is head of the U.S. European Command , is leading much of the U.S. military 's technical intelligence effort looking at all satellite , radar and other intelligence data from the area . He is coordinating with other NATO members and east European nations in the region scouring their radar and intelligence assets to see if there is specific data showing the event . For now , the United States has some data that shows a missile launch system was turned on and operating in the area at the time of the plane 's downing as well as separate data that shows a heat signature of a major event , believed to be the plane being shot down . MAPS : What route did the flight take ?	Preliminary analysis concludes missile was from a Russian-made system , official says U.S. intelligence has concluded that pro-Russian separatists have a Buk system , official says "  All the indications are it was fired from inside eastern Ukraine , " official says
CNN  -- Meghan McCain , a contributor to TheDailyBeast.com , is the daughter of Sen. John McCain and Cindy McCain . But it 's her recent verbal sparring with conservative Republicans that 's put her in the spotlight . Meghan McCain tells Larry King on Monday night : "  I 'm not going to be bullied around about my weight . " In a wide-ranging interview on Monday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " McCain discussed her thoughts on President Obama , her recent heated exchange with radio host Laura Ingraham , her tattoos and more . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : -LSB- President Obama -RSB- is taking some criticism for smiling and laughing -LSB- during his "  60 Minutes " interview . -RSB- Are you one of those critics ? Meghan McCain : You know , I actually am not . I think anyone that would possibly think that the president is not taking the economy seriously -- I just think it 's ridiculous . ... King : -LSB- Is President Obama getting overexposed -RSB- ? McCain : I think he is on the verge of it . I do think you have to be careful . But it is a different generation . -LSB- My -RSB- generation ... we like our celebrities . And I think that he realizes that because he is very much a Generation Y president . However , he is on the risk of alienating his older followers . King : Does Obama seem like the same guy who ran against your dad ? How do you view him ? McCain : He 's our president and when the election was over and when President Obama won , all negative feelings were gone . I support the president . King : How does your dad feel about that ? McCain : I think the same way . You know , my family is really good at letting go of things and moving on . And he just holds no grudges . King : Do you think most of the people in your party agree with -LSB- Rush -RSB- Limbaugh ? Do they want him to fail ? McCain : I do n't know , because there are many different personalities within the party . ... I would never want my president to fail , no matter which party is in power . King : You interviewed the -LSB- Louisiana -RSB- governor 's wife ? McCain : I interviewed -LSB- Supyira -RSB- Jindal , the first lady of Louisiana . And she 's a fascinating woman . She totally impressed me because she was very warm and friendly . I went down and interviewed her and the piece came out today on TheDailyBeast.com . King : Do you like him -LSB- Gov. Bobby Jindal -RSB- ? McCain : I do . You know , we do veer off on some things politically , but any leader that I 'm going to have I 'm going to veer off politically . King : Do you consider yourself a moderate ? Are you moderate liberal ? McCain : I consider myself a progressive Republican . I am liberal on social issues . And I think that the party is at a place where social issues should n't be the issues that define the party . And I have taken heat , but in fairness to me , I am a different generation than the people that are giving me heat . I 'm 24 years old . I 'm not in my 40s , I 'm not in my 50s and older . King : Therefore , you must , based on what you said , disagree with your father ? ... Do you discuss it ? McCain : We have a very big generation gap between me and my father . Yes , we discuss them . He 's very open-minded . I was raised in an open-minded home . I was raised a Christian , but I was raised open-minded Christian -- one to accept people , love people , not pass judgment . ... I believe in gay marriage . ... I personally am pro-life , but I 'm not going to judge someone that 's pro-choice . It is not my place to judge other people and what they do with their body . King : We have an e-mail question from Veronica , Huntington Park , California : "  Do you share most of your father 's political views ? " McCain : When it comes to war and the economy , and many fiscal conservative values , I agree with him . I mean I fell in love with the Republican Party because of my father . King : Earlier this month , -LSB- you -RSB- wrote a DailyBeast column criticizing right-wing pundit Ann Coulter . Conservative radio host Laura Ingraham fired back at you , including making a comment about your weight . You then gave a straight talk response in an appearance on "  The View . " What led to that ? McCain : You know , it 's so funny . I was in the airport today and this guy goes , "  Hey , Meghan , kiss my fat ass . " And I was like oh my gosh . That 's where this has gone to . As far as I 'm concerned with what 's going on with Laura Ingraham , on my end , it 's over . There are nine million women in this country suffering from eating disorders . And I 'm not going to be bullied around about my weight and what kind of standards I 'm not fitting . ... King : Were you surprised that Laura , who 's had breast cancer , got into something that personal ? McCain : I had never heard of her before until this happened . King : You did n't know her ? McCain : No . I 'm not familiar with her work . But I hope she does n't do it again . King : What about Ann Coulter ? McCain : She did n't respond , which is fine with me . ... All I wanted to do is show women that you do n't have to be Ann Coulter and Laura Ingraham to have a place in the Republican Party . ... Supriya Jindal is a good role model , but a lot of people had n't heard of her . And I just want to show that you do n't have to think one way and fit into this one box in order to be a member of the Republican Party . King : Were -LSB- your parents -RSB- angry at Laura Ingraham ? McCain : My mother was . She 's a very protective mama bear . King : Are you a tattooer ? McCain : I have one . My brothers have a lot of tattoos . I love tattoos . I do . I know , you never would have thought me , right ? But I do . King : No . You do n't look like a tattooer . What do your folks think of that ? McCain : I 've got supportive parents , you know . My mom thinks it 's cute . ... I have a little star on my foot . King : What kind of dad is your father ? McCain : He 's great . I love my dad so much . He 's the best father to me . And like I said , he 's so supportive of me and my career and what I do and speaking my mind . When you grow up having a maverick as a father and an example , you can understand how I turned out like this .	Meghan McCain tells Larry King she 's over recent dust-up with Laura Ingraham President on the verge of becoming overexposed , Sen. McCain 's daughter says She veers from dad on social issues , such as her support for same-sex marriage McCain : "  You do n't have to think one way ... to be a member of the Republican Party "
CNN  -- Between the bad commercials , Beyonce 's halftime gig , the Harbaugh brothers and the action on the field , the jokesters of Twitter had plenty to snicker about during Sunday 's Super Bowl . But then the lights went out in the Superdome , and Twitter really heated up . The year 's most-watched sporting event , interrupted by a 35-minute delay in the third quarter , may forever be known as the #Blackout Bowl . The bizarre interlude seemed to energize the San Francisco 49ers and the Twitterverse , which until then had been complaining about the one-sided game . Twitter said its volume of chatter spiked during the blackout , reaching 231,500 tweets per minute . In total , there were 24.1 million tweets posted about the game and its halftime show , said Twitter in a blog post . By the beginning of the second half , Twitter said its volume of tweets had already surpassed last year 's total for the whole game . We by no means saw all of them , but here are some of our favorites : James Burnett -- The guy refereeing Puppy Bowl IX must be thinking , "  I did not get into broadcasting to call ` poopy penalty ! ' with a straight face . " Savannah Guthrie -- Just 700 more calories til kickoff ! #superbowl Onion Sports Network -- Randy Moss placing hand on chest where he thinks human heart is located #SuperBowl The Sklar Brothers -- No need to rush the Anthem , Alicia . #SB47 #sklarbowl Jim Spellman -- Wait ... these coaches are brothers ? Someone shoulda done a story about that ! #superbowl Betch -- I am here for the butts , the biceps and Beyonce . #SuperBowl47 Joshua Topolsky -- So annoying the way this game keeps interrupting the commercials . Rachel Sterbenz -- Well watching that GoDaddy commercial with my 95 year old grandpa was awkward ... #superbowl47 Athena -- #nodaddy #superbowl I do n't know what to do with that go daddy commercial . I think I need therapy . Joel McHale -- Alright , now let 's see which Harbaugh brother will finally win their father 's respect and approval . #SuperBowl FrostyFeast -- Nobody thinks the cookie is the best part . Nice try , Oreo , you 're not gon na trick me into promoting your product on Twi -- dammit . #superbowl Doug and Polly White -- Our 6 yr old granddaughter just asked if the players in black were the raisins #superbowl47 " lol ! Evan Banned -- The man in the stripey shirt said something and half the people were happy and the other half the people were not so much . #superbowl Hayden Black -- Jared does n't say a word in his new Subway ad because if they 'd let him , he 'd have said "  help me . " #Superbowl47 Ed Bott -- This is the best episode of The Wire , ever . Team Coco -- The ultimate Super Bowl commercial would feature a woman in a bikini riding a talking horse while eating a Crunchy Beefrageous Cheeserrito Greg Miller -- They just teleported the rest of Destiny 's Child to the #SuperBowl from the alternate dimension Beyonce trapped them in . Ali LeRoi -- It was nice to see #DestinyChildren in their new jobs as backup dancers #superbowl Onion Sports Network -- JaMarcus Russell Terrier Shows Up To Puppy Bowl 30 Pounds Overweight #SuperBowl Robert Hernandez -- Did Bane just take over the #SuperBowl or something ?! Men 's Humor -- Is this the #Superbowl or a Buffalo Wild Wings commercial ? Jillian Bell -- I turned the lights off in my house to feel like I 'm at the game . #superbowl Lance Ulanoff -- This is a publicity stunt for Star Trek : Into Darkness #SuperBowl #Blackout Katie Mack -- So now Daniel Craig comes over in a helicopter and the Queen parachutes down to fix the lights ... wait , no , wrong event . Jason Shellen -- I assume the New Orleans police have the Animal Planet PuppyBowl team in custody . #lightsout #SuperBowl2013 Superdome Light Crew  parody account  -- What people do n't talk about is how the lights were on for the entire first half . . #smh #SuperBowl Frank Caliendo -- Best marketing scam ever . 6 extra commercials so far . #LightsOut Brett Foster -- Only need half the lights anyway as only half the teams are playing . #superbowl47 Nick Toplass -- In hindsight , maybe installing The Clapper was a bad idea . Joe Randazzo -- Guys I 'm AT the #SuperBowl and this power outage is no joke . Most of us have broken into small but loyal factions . I am now a doctor . Will Ferrell  parody account  -- This time , it 's the rich people trapped in the Superdome . #superbowl47 " Jason Dunn -- I may or may not have cried during that stupid Budweiser horse commercial . #superbowl47 Jon Sukarangsan -- Next time my girlfriend is winning an argument , I 'll just throw the circuit breaker and give it 35 minutes #superbowl47 Cassie -- I 've cried for the troops , farmers and horses . And I 'm boycotting pistachios . #superbowl47 DaynaTrisNYC -- How many blackouts does each team get per game ? Baltimore better use one soon ... #superbowl47 The Sklar Brothers -- I just want to tell Jim Harbaugh that there was a lot of holding that was n't called in the Puppy Bowl either . #SB47 #sklarbowl Harry Knowles -- EDGAR ALLAN POE has a Super Bowl Win ! Yes ! Jocks never belittle the poet in your school again ! . CNN 's Doug Gross also contributed to this story .	The wisecrackers of Twitter were in full voice during Sunday 's Super Bowl Many tweets poked fun at the 35-minute power outage that interrupted the game Jokesters also took aim at Beyonce , the Harbaugh brothers and the commercials
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- First , there was "  Einstein , " the federal government 's effort to protect itself from cyber attacks by limiting the number of portals to government computer systems and searching for signs of cyber tampering . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff wants better protection for government computer systems . Then Einstein 2.0 , a system now being tested to detect computer intrusions as they happen . And in the future ? Perhaps Einstein 3.0 , which would give the government the ability to fight back . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff on Friday said he 'd like to see a government computer infrastructure that could look for early indications of computer skullduggery and stop it before it happens . The system "  would literally , like an anti-aircraft weapon , shoot down an attack before it hits its target , " he said . "  And that 's what we call Einstein 3.0 . " At a meeting with reporters to highlight National Cyber Security Month , Chertoff reiterated his belief that the government should aggressively defend its computer systems , saying that terrorists , if they gain expertise already available to others , would "  cause potentially very serious havoc " to government systems . "  Let 's make the investment now rather than wait until there 's a huge catastrophe , " he said . But despite his emphasis on the risks posed , Chertoff said the government is moving slowly to avoid stepping on the toes of the private sector as it addresses calls to reorganize the governance of cyberspace to provide accountability and authority . "  I think the question of what is the government 's role in cyberspace in general needs to be discussed among all the stakeholders , because there is a culture of cyberspace that is an open architecture , " he said . "  And I think if we just came in and said we want to take it over , there 'd be , understandably , a considerable amount of discomfort with that . " "  We are deliberately going slowly because we recognize that the issue of government involvement in the Internet is fraught with all kinds of potential concerns and potential anxieties about not having the government have a big-foot impact on an area of communication and commerce that has traditionally been viewed as really independent and free . " Chertoff said the government is "  feeling our way to what is the right mix of government involvement with protecting the Internet in the private domain while preserving everybody 's comfort level that we 're not going to be in their business in a way that would be inappropriate . " Asked if he envisioned a world with two cyberspaces , he said he envisions a world with "  a lot of different levels of security and trust , depending upon the nature of what it is that you 're doing . " "  We already have that now , in the sense that we have classified systems which are walled off from unclassified systems , " he said . The Bush administration released its National Cyber Security Initiative in January . The "  most immediate component " of it from the Department of Homeland Security 's perspective , Chertoff said , is to increase security for federal government computer systems . But another priority is to work with the private sector to address threats to businesses . This includes not only protection from hackers , but also from counterfeit parts , which an individual or another nation could use to create vulnerabilities in the United States , he said .	Einstein 3.0 would "  shoot down " attempts to tamper with government computers Michael Chertoff says terrorists could wreak havoc on U.S. systems He urges investment now , before ` there 's a huge catastrophe ' Chertoff : Security project moving slowly to mollify private sector
One step , 128,100 feet , and millions of amazed gasps . In a moment that seems likely to live forever in the annals of derring-do , Austrian daredevil Felix Baumgartner on Sunday rode a balloon to the edge of space , saluted and stepped off a platform 24 miles high with as much ease as any of us mere mortals might step off a curb . The former soldier hurtled through the sky at up to more than 830 mph , breaking the sound barrier in a tumbling , gut-churning four-minute free fall before popping his parachute and making a running landing in the New Mexico desert . Then he fell to his knees and pumped his fists . "  Goosebumps ... Incredible ! " one Twitter user posted shortly after the jump . How claustrophobia almost grounded him "  My dad told me of Maradona and Neil Armstrong , I will tell my children of Ronaldo and Felix Baumgartner , " another user wrote , referring to Latin American soccer stars and the first man to walk on the moon . YouTube carried the jump live . At least 8 million people watched live , YouTube said . While the jump was spectacle enough on its own , it also could have important implications for spaceflight . Launching of Baumgartner 's balloon-lifted capsule The 100-pound pressurized flight suit and helmet Baumgartner wore to survive the lethally thin atmosphere and intense cold of near-space could also help save the lives of astronauts forced to bail out of a malfunctioning rocket on its way to space . "  It 's hard to realize what happened because there 's still so many emotions , " Baumgartner said shortly after landing . "  I had tears in my eyes when I was coming back a couple of times because you 're sitting there and you thought about that moment so many times , you know , how it would feel and how it would look like . " "  And this is way bigger than I had anticipated , " he said . Dubbed "  Fearless Felix , " the helicopter pilot and former soldier had parachuted from such landmarks as the Petronas Towers in Malaysia and the Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro . Baumgartner and his team spent five years preparing for Sunday 's jump , which had been postponed twice before because of weather . Not the only man to break the sound barrier that day By most accounts , all the hard work paid off . According to preliminary findings cited by Brian Utley , an official observer monitoring the mission , the 43-year-old Baumgartner flew higher than anyone ever in a helium balloon and broke the record for the highest jump . Still , even Baumgartner seemed taken aback when Utley detailed how fast he had fallen at one point -- 833.9 mph , or Mach 1.24 , smashing his goal to break the sound barrier . "  I was fighting all the way down to regain control because I wanted to break the speed of sound , " said Baumgartner . "  And then I hit it . " After a weather delay of several hours , he set off at 9:30 a.m.  11:30 a.m. ET  Sunday from Roswell , New Mexico , in breezy , clear conditions , strapped into a pressurized capsule that hung from a giant helium balloon . It took two hours to reach his target altitude . After running through a 40-step checklist , Baumgartner opened the hatch and climbed out onto a step the size of a skateboard . "  Guardian angels will take care of you , " said Mission Control just before he jumped . "  The whole world is watching now , " Baumgartner responded . He saluted and jumped . He experienced a few hitches . About three minutes in , he reported , "  My visor is fogging up . " Then he began to veer into a "  flat spin " that threatened to send blood rushing to his head and leave him out of control . "  There was a period of time where I really thought , ' I am in trouble , ' " Baumgartner said , recalling how he considered pushing a button that would have released a drogue chute , slowing and stabilizing his descent -- and scuttling the attempt to break the sound barrier . "  But after a couple of seconds , I had that feeling I 'm getting it under control . And I did , " he added . "  And that 's why I broke the speed of sound today . " Opinion : The space adventure you ca n't miss After free-falling for about four minutes and 20 seconds , he deployed a parachute for the final mile or two down to Earth . "  There 's the chute , " said a specialist in Mission Control , and the control room broke into applause . As soon as Baumgartner landed , he dropped to his knees and raised his fists . The team at Mission Control in Roswell burst into applause . While he and his team had prepared diligently for the jump , his survival was no guarantee . In addition to the risk of spinning out of control , Baumgartner 's life depended on the integrity of his pressure suit . The temperature when he jumped was expected to hit 70 degrees below zero Fahrenheit or lower . And the atmosphere was so thin that his blood would have vaporized if he was n't sufficiently protected . Testing that pressurized flight suit and helmet was one goal of the mission , as it could save an astronaut 's life if a manned spacecraft malfunctioned . The outfit had sensors and recorders to measure everything from his speed to his heart rate . Sunday 's successful jump breaks the record set in 1960 by Col. Joe Kittinger , who fell from 102,800 feet as part of a U.S. Air Force mission . Kittinger was a consultant on Baumgartner 's effort , serving as the lone person from Mission Control talking to the Austrian throughout his attempt . Kittinger acknowledged the ups and downs of the years-long effort Sunday . The former aviator was all smiles in lauding Baumgartner , who he said "  did perfect , " and all the others involved in making the mission a success . "  It was a team effort , and Felix did a fantastic job , " Kittinger said . "  It was an honor for all of us to work with this brave guy . " Skydiver aims for supersonic jump from the edge of space	"  This is way bigger than I had anticipated , " record-setting jumper says He soared up to 24 miles -- for the highest balloon ride and highest jump ever Then the Austrian daredevil hit 833.9 mph at one point , breaking the speed of sound Risks were low temperatures , thin atmosphere and a possible loss of consciousness
CNN  -- Cal Ripken Jr. will always be known for his consecutive games played streak , but it may surprise many people that just two years into his big-league career , he already was planning for life after baseball . Cal Ripken Jr. is introduced to the crowd at the 2002 All-Star Game in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . While many of the athletes who took to the playing fields of major league baseball this season only are focused on the game , Ripken began saving and planning for retirement long before his career neared its end . "  When I joined the Orioles -LSB- in 1982 -RSB- , the team was transitioning , " said Ripken , who will be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in July . "  I saw guys who were 34 , 35 , 36 years old -- still young guys -- about to get out of the game , and I wondered what will they do now ? "  It got me thinking about what I would want to do when I got out of the game . Most people do n't realize how fast the time goes , but I turned those questions on myself . " Though he quickly points out that he did n't dwell on those questions , Ripken admits it got him thinking , and eventually planning , so that when retirement came in 2001 , the shift from baseball to business was easy . "  From the outside , I 'm sure it looked like a smooth transition just by virtue of the fact that I had another thing to go into , " he said . "  I had prepared for what was next . " These days , five seasons after retiring from a 21-year career he spent with the Baltimore Orioles , Ripken is a businessman , team owner , radio-show host and author . He also will be a baseball analyst for TBS , which like CNN.com is owned by Time Warner . Ripken jumped full time into his company , Ripken Baseball , without taking any break , lessening the emotional jolt of retirement . "  I did n't give myself the luxury of taking a month off -LSB- after the baseball season -RSB- , " he said . "  I think I would have opened myself up to regret , thinking about the past . I had to get a minor league baseball team in that stadium . I just put my head down and started working . " Ripken 's first post-baseball venture was developing a youth ballpark in his hometown of Aberdeen , Maryland , financed in part by a $ 75,000 gift from the Major League Baseball Players Association . It was presented to him the night he broke Lou Gehrig 's record for consecutive games played . Ripken was a "  rookie " for the second time in his life , this time in business . "  I was learning all over again , learning what was important , " he said . "  The off-season never went by so fast . I had meetings , phone calls , plans and long days in the office . "  By the time I looked up , -LSB- the Orioles -RSB- were at spring training . I did n't think , ` They left without me , ' which is what I thought I would do . " Ripken 's latest project is a business principles book called "  Get in the Game : 8 Elements of Perseverance That Make the Difference , " co-authored by Donald T. Phillips . The book , available April 10 , was born out a speech Ripken gave about the "  secrets " of his success . Writing it turned out to be an emotional journey , he said . "  I got to reflect on what my parents had taught me , the values and principles , right and wrong , " Ripken said . "  It 's good to be in touch with those things . " The fact is , whether in baseball or business , Ripken rarely strays from the principles he learned from his late father , Cal Sr. , a former player and manager . The book is filled with anecdotes from on and off the field . Now 46 , Ripken is president and CEO of Ripken Baseball , and his brother , Bill , a former teammate , is executive vice president . The company owns minor league teams in Aberdeen and in Augusta , Georgia . The brothers also have co-written two books on baseball and co-host a baseball call-in show on weekends on XM Radio . There were reports in December that Ripken was heading a group that was interested in buying the Orioles , but Baltimore owner Peter Angelos denied that claim . "  There is no question that Cal and I have a great relationship , " Angelos told The  Baltimore  Sun . "  He was a great player for the Orioles , and I have an affection for him . But what 's being reported , there is simply no substance to it . It has not happened . There have been no such discussions . " Still , Ripken said he probably would "  stick his nose in " if the Orioles became available . Ripken , who has a boy and a girl , also has ventured into children 's literature , and his first book is scheduled to be released Thursday . "  The Longest Season " tells the story of the 21-game losing streak Ripken and his Orioles teammates endured in 1988 and teaches the lessons of perseverance . Ripken also continues his longstanding association with the Boys and Girls Clubs of America through the Cal Ripken Sr. . Foundation . The foundation says it has refurbished fields , donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to Boys and Girls Clubs throughout the country and teamed up with Nike to help provide baseball and softball equipment to school sports programs nationwide . Asked what type of advice he would offer to young professional baseball players , Ripken said , "  Put that -LSB- huge contract -RSB- aside , save your money , that 's your nest egg . In the off-season , think about skill development or the interests you have in a small way but be very careful . "  You ca n't think too much about retirement as a young player . You have to live a narrow existence for your sport . " E-mail to a friend	Ripken played in 2,632 consecutive MLB games Now runs baseball organization with brother Bill Former shortstop has written several books , hosts radio show
CNN  -- The death toll from bushfires in southeastern Australia has risen to 208 , the Australian Red Cross said Thursday . Forensic teams sift through the remains of a house in Pheasant Creek , north of Melbourne . Four fires are still burning across the state of Victoria , a spokeswoman with the Country Fire Authority said . All are under control , but one of the fires spawned a smaller blaze that is actively burning , said the spokeswoman , who asked not to be named , in line with policy . That fire is burning in the area of Narbethong , about an hour north of Melbourne . "  Two communities are in that area , we suspect they may be directly impacted by that particular fire , " the spokeswoman said . "  Residents in that area are being asked to action their fire plans . " The Red Cross said it has teams in 13 locations across Victoria to help with first aid , food , and personal support . Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announced a national day of mourning Sunday to honor the victims of the bushfires and recognize the efforts of emergency workers . "  This day will give all Australians the chance to reflect and remember this terrible tragedy as an important step in rebuilding these communities , " he said in a statement . The fires have destroyed more than 1,800 homes and displaced about 7,000 people . At the height of the fires , about three dozen separate blazes were burning . A suspect , 39-year-old Brendan Sokaluk , has been arrested on suspicion of setting one of the fatal fires . Sokaluk is suspected of lighting a fire on February 7 . He has been charged with arson causing death , intentionally or recklessly lighting a bush fire , and possessing child pornography , Victoria state police said . The fire Sokaluk is accused of setting killed at least 21 people in Gippsland .	Authorities : Five fires still burning across the state of Victoria , all under control Residents in Narbethong area have been advised to "  action their fire plans " Wildfires destroyed more than 1,800 homes , displaced about 7,000 people Brendan Sokaluk , 39 , charged with starting one wildfire that killed at least 21 people
CNN  -- Michael Schumacher 's family has asked for privacy as the Formula One star remains in a critical condition in a French hospital following a skiing accident . The 45-year-old is stable but remains in a coma at the Grenoble hospital as he fights the effects of a serious head injury . Schumacher is a formidable figure in F1 , winning a record seven world titles , and his plight has attracted global interest and an outpouring of support from the sport 's fans . However his family wants the media to keep their distance . "  Please support us in our common fight with Michael , " Corinna Schumacher , wife of the F1 racer , said in a statement . "  It is important to me that you -LSB- media -RSB- relieve the doctors and the hospital so that they can work in peace . "  I kindly ask you to trust their statements and leave the clinic . Please also let our family in peace . " Schumacher suffered severe head trauma in a skiing accident at the French Alps resort of Meribel on 29 December . The German hit a rock hidden under deep snow and was catapulted head first onto another rock . He was not moving fast at the time . He is in a medically induced coma and has undergone two operations . His condition has attracted intense media scrutiny and last week a journalist disguised as a priest tried to sneak into the French hospital room where the Formula One superstar is being treated . The doctors at the hospital have also called for the media to provide more respect . "  The privacy of the patient demands that we are not going into details of his treatment , and this is why we do not plan any press conferences , nor give out written press releases , anymore for the time being , " they said in a statement on Monday "  We again insistently ask you to respect the medical secrets and to stick to the information given by the medical team in charge of the patient or his management , as this is the only valid information . "  The clinical state of Michael Schumacher is considered as stable and is constantly monitored by the medical treatments that are administered to him . "  However , the medical team responsible underlines that they will not stop to consider Michael 's condition as critical . " Schumacher 's manager Sabine Kehm added : "  I can confirm Michael 's condition can be considered as stable , as written in the official statement . I can not confirm to have stated that his life is out of danger . " French prosecutors will reportedly brief journalists on their investigation into Schumacher 's accident on Wednesday in the Alpine town of Albertville . Schumacher is the most successful driver in Formula One history , driving for the Benetton and Ferrari teams and winning a record seven world titles and 91 grand prix wins .	Michael Schumacher 's wife asks for privacy as the Formula One racer remains in a critical condition She also asks for the media to leave the French hospital where he is being treated Doctors say Schumacher 's condition is stable but that he is being constantly monitored The racing driver hit his head on a rock while skiing at the end of December
Ciudad Juarez , Mexico  CNN  -- A former police chief known for battling drug gangs in the Mexican border city of Tijuana has been named the new top cop in Ciudad Juarez , another city plagued by cartel violence . Former Baja California state police chief Julian Leyzaola "  is our new boss , " Juarez police spokesman Adrian Sanchez said Thursday . Sanchez said Leyzaola was credited with cleaning up Tijuana during his tenure there , and "  We hope he can do the same here in Juarez . " Battles among rival drug gangs were blamed for more than 3,000 killings in Juarez in 2010 . Leyzaola launched a public battle with one of Mexico 's most wanted drug traffickers , Teodoro "  El Teo " Garcia Simental , after he took office in Tijuana in 2008 . Garcia 's cartel threatened to kill five police officers a week until Leyzaola resigned -- but by January 2010 , Garcia was behind bars . Leyzaola survived a series of assassination attempts and moved his family out of Mexico for a period of time , sleeping on an army base during that period . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Julian Leyzaola is credited with taking down a major drug boss in Tijuana "  We hope he can to the same here in Juarez , " a police spokesman says
A top congressional Republican is drafting alternative gun control legislation that threatens to undermine proposals now under consideration by leaders of the Senate 's Democratic majority . A spokeswoman for Iowa 's Chuck Grassley refused to give CNN details of the senator 's plan . In the past , however , he has backed measures to deter "  straw purchases " to clamp down on gun trafficking . He also supports new safety provisions for schools . Grassley is a staunch opponent of a ban on assault weapons and high capacity magazines . He has also expressed skepticism about new background checks -- an idea at the heart of the current congressional debate . "  Sen. Grassley is putting together a bill to reduce gun violence without violating the constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens , " spokeswoman Beth Levine told CNN . "  The bill is still being written , so we 're not able to share it at this time . " The plan being put together by Grassley -- first reported by Politico -- further complicates the politics of gun control in Congress , where the National Rifle Association is extremely powerful . Obama : ` Shame on us ' if Newtown does n't bring new gun laws President Barack Obama pushed new gun control legislation near the top of the legislative priority list in the wake of December 's school massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , where 20 first-graders were killed . But Democrats are struggling to find the 60 votes needed to push any new measures through the 100-member Senate . Alternative legislation from Grassley could provide cover for moderate Democrats from more conservative states looking to back some sort of bill not vehemently opposed by the NRA or other political heavyweights . It could also help firm up GOP opposition to more expansive legislation including background checks . Addressing gun control supporters at a White House event on Thursday , Obama accused gun rights activists of playing a crass game of political obstruction . "  There are some powerful voices on the other side who are interested in running out the clock , or changing the subject , " the president said . "  Their assumption is that people will just forget about it " as Newtown recedes further into the past . If that happens , said Obama , then "  shame on us . " Opinion : Did we learn nothing from Newtown ? The list of proposals backed by the president in the aftermath of Newtown includes expanded background checks , tougher laws against gun trafficking and straw purchases , and improving safety at schools . Obama also supports a renewal of the assault weapons ban , though that provision has been virtually abandoned by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . The president on Thursday rejected arguments by opponents of the legislation that the measures under consideration by Democrats -- including background checks -- would strip Americans of their constitutional right to bear arms . "  What we 're proposing is not radical . It 's not taking away anyone 's gun rights , " Obama said . Congress should n't get "  squishy because time has passed and maybe  the issue 's  not on the news every day . " But much of what Obama considers "  squishy " is seen by senators like Grassley as a principled defense of basic freedoms . "  Throughout history , governments have wanted to shut up those who would criticize government , to suppress unpopular religions , or to disarm people , " Grassley declared at a January 30 Senate Judiciary Committee hearing . "  The Constitution for 225 years has established a government that is the servant of the people , not the master , " he said . As "  we consider and debate legislation arising  Newtown and other  tragedies , I hope that we will proceed with proper understanding of the relationship that the Constitution establishes between government power and individual liberty . " Polls suggest Congress might have waited too long on gun control	Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley is putting together a new gun control bill Grassley is skeptical of new background checks -- an issue at the heart of the debate Grassley 's bill could provide cover for red state Democrats and some Republicans Obama urges Congress not to get "  squishy " on gun control
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina -- They line up early every Saturday morning at the decrepit gymnasium that houses the La Matanza Barter Club . Nelly Vasquez and her 6-month-old daughter , Antonella trades wool for food . Club members shuffle in carrying sacks stuffed with everything from homemade clothing to homegrown vegetables , set up their stands and begin a day of bartering . The La Matanza Barter Club in the working-class Buenos Aires neighborhood of Isidro Casanova is one of more than 100 that now function throughout Argentina . They provide a vital service for people who are short on cash by helping them make ends meet . Each item brought to the club is given a value by its owner , who then trades it with other members for whatever goods they are offering . "  What we do here is a fair and honest trading . I look at this like a job , and I work hard at it , and it helps me live better , " says Deolindo Farias , 66 , who brings fresh bananas and mandarins every week and trades them for household items like flour and sugar . Barters Clubs boomed in Argentina following the country 's 2001 economic meltdown when jobs , security and cash were scarce . Club officials say during 2002 more than 2 million people participated in the clubs on a regular basis . In recent years , as Argentina 's economy bounced back , fewer people showed up , but ever since the global financial crisis hit last year , they say the barter clubs are more popular than ever . Watch how the clubs are helping poor Argentines " "  It 's a reality now . In these past few months there has been a big increase . For example , we now have 400 people every Saturday . It used to only be 300 . People are traveling here from other neighborhoods so they can barter too , " says Juan Maccarone , president of the La Matanza Barter Club . Nelly Vasquez , 29 , goes to the club because she has no other options . She lost her job at a clothing factory last year , and has been going to the barter club every week since January -- often with her six-month-old daughter , Antonella , in tow . "  I come here because I do n't have a job , and this is the only way for me to survive and get the things that I need , " says Vasquez , who trades wool and women 's shoes for pasta and rice . For others , the barter clubs offer something that every consumer on a budget seeks : a bargain . "  If you go to the supermarket , they charge 10 or 15 pesos for a bottle of cooking oil . Here , I can get it with 50 or 80 club credits . That 's only 4 or 5 pesos -- that 's a big difference , " says Maria Rosa Araya , 37 . By all accounts , Argentina was the first Latin American country to have the barter clubs . The idea has now spread to other countries , like Uruguay , Colombia and Venezuela . There 's even a burgeoning barter club circuit across the Atlantic Ocean in Spain . Organizers say barter clubs are evidence that in tough times , economies can thrive -- or survive -- on their own , when it 's the people calling the shots . "  The golden rule at barter clubs is to offer an honest product for an honest price , " says Ruben Ravera , co-founder of Argentina 's Red Global de Trueque  Global Barter Network  . "  It 's a concept that could help solve the world 's economic problems . Think about it , " he says .	Barter clubs opening around Argentina show extent of country 's economic crisis Members -- often poor and unemployed -- trade food , clothes The clubs first opened during Argentina 's 2001 economic meltdown
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With outrage mounting over AIG 's $ 165 million in bonuses to executives , the president 's chief economic adviser offered a new line of defense for the White House in an exclusive interview with CNN . Larry Summers said an AIG meltdown was too risky for the economy to push too hard on executive bonuses . Larry Summers suggested that if Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner had pushed the insurance giant too hard on the bonuses , AIG could have collapsed just like Lehman Brothers and sparked an even bigger crisis . "  Secretary Geithner has used all the legal authorities that are open to him to contain and limit the payment of bonuses , " said Summers , chairman of the National Economic Council . "  What he did not do , and what would have been irresponsible to do , as outrageous as these payments are , would have been to put at risk the stability of the financial system . "  To have courted the kind of disaster that followed the decision to let Lehman Brothers simply collapse might have felt good briefly , but it would have touched the lives of a huge number of Americans who would have unnecessarily become unemployed or seen destruction of their lifetime savings . " The collapse of the 158-year-old investment bank in September turned the U.S. crisis , based on the subprime loan debacle , into a global one , leading to credit freezes and plummeting markets nearly everywhere . Summers said Geithner was notified about the AIG bonuses last week . The secretary tried to stop them , Summers said , but ran up against a legal contract . "  Secretary Geithner courageously has gone after these bonuses and will continue to go after these bonuses in a very aggressive way , but we ca n't suspend the rule of law and we ca n't put the whole economy at risk , " said Summers . Asked whether AIG could get more bailout funds down the road , Summers suggested the door is open to more taxpayer money , despite the bonus controversy . Watch senators ' plan to retrieve money " "  It is wrong to govern out of anger , " said Summers . "  We have to recognize what we are angry about , do something about it . That 's why we are focused on a new resolution regime as part of a sweeping overhaul of the financial system . " ... But we ca n't let anger stop us from taking the steps that are necessary to maintain the stability of the financial system , keep credit flowing . " Watch tempers rise over bonuses " Summers said President Obama 's entire economic team is working hard to mitigate the problems caused by bank failures , bailouts and credit freezes and boost the country 's economy . "  There 's one lesson of the history of financial crisis that no one can argue with , and that is that they all end , and this one will , too , " he said . "  And if we are able to maintain the right policies , we 'll bring forward the day when it ends , and -- probably even more important -- we 'll have a sounder stronger economic expansion at the end of it . " The former treasury secretary is not quite as bullish about a turnaround , however , as Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , who predicted the recession may be over by the end of 2009 . Asked about Bernanke 's prediction , Summers said he was upbeat about some aspects of the economy -- such as a 22 percent spike in housing starts and recent upticks in the stock market -- but said he was cautious about making any grand pronouncements . Summers told CNN that while he 's confident of a turnaround , "  just what day the turn will come is n't something that I would dare to forecast . " "  Something that the president has made clear to us is his approach and the approach he wants us to take is a recognition that we do n't panic when there 's a bad number , bad day on the markets , and we do n't become euphoric when there 's a good day in the markets , or a good number , " Summers said . Asked specifically about Bernanke 's prediction on CBS ' "  60 Minutes " about the recession ending this year and 2010 potentially being a year of recovery , Summers demurred . "  We always are at pains to recognize when we talk to the president that economic forecasting is the most imperfect of sciences , " said Summers . "  Many people would say it was n't a science at all . We stress the uncertainties in this situation . "	Larry Summers is President Obama 's chief economic adviser He says contracts legally tied hands of Treasury secretary to deal with AIG bonuses Summers : Pushing AIG too hard could have led to Lehman Brothers-style collapse "  We ca n't put the whole economy at risk " because we 're angry , he cautions
If you thought golf was the stuffy reserve of mild-mannered gentlemen in polo shirts , think again . From Santa Claus outfits to leaping into jacuzzis and even smashing lettuce heads to smithereens , there 's no antic too crazy for new Masters champion Bubba Watson . The 33-year-old born-again Christian 's bizarre internet home videos have attracted a cult following that could change the face of golf forever . "  Wacky Watson , " as he 's come to be known , has harnessed social media in a way no golf pro has done before . The American 's slapstick-style YouTube clips see him using wooden clubs to pound pumpkins and eggplants , drawing more than a million hits as of Tuesday . Similarly , Bubba 's Facebook page has more than 65,000 likes , while his Twitter followers number almost half a million -- ballooning by more than 150,000 since Sunday 's miraculous win at Augusta . He still has some way to go to catch Tiger Woods , who has more than two million followers on both networking websites , but it could herald a brave new social media era for golf stars -- one which experts say may open the sport 's doors to a previously ignored younger generation . "  Golf has always been seen as a safe game . It 's not overly flamboyant and I think it 's still largely viewed as an elitist sport , " Christian d'Ippolito , group head of international sales at UK-based social video advertising company Unruly Media , told CNN . "  The fact that there is this guy who is quite an eccentric individual -- everything from his name , his dress sense , his pink driver -- certainly sets him apart from the crowd . "  It 's great because much like snooker , golf desperately needs that attention from a younger audience . And social media is an effective way of getting it . Every sport should have its personality , and football has been very good at that . I think Bubba is golf 's answer to that personality . " There 's no denying Bubba 's intriguing character . The devout Christian tweeted "  To God be the Glory ! " in response to his Masters win and bawled on his mother 's shoulder after hitting an astonishing shot from the woods onto the green to take the title . Watson , who with wife Angie adopted a son , Caleb , two weeks ago , also boasts of never having a golf lesson . Last year he left more people scratching their heads when he and fellow PGA Tour players Ben Crane , Rickie Fowler and Hunter Mahan launched boy band Golf Boys . Kitted out in nothing but a pair of overalls , Watson recorded the song "  Oh Oh Oh " to help raise money for charity . But it 's Bubba 's dedication to social media which has given fans a special insight into his unconventional life . Incredibly , he replies to every single tweet , which no doubt helped to swell his legion of followers from 306,000 after his win on Sunday to more than 460,000 less than a day later . His Facebook page features albums of family vacations and home videos from fans ' children practicing their best Bubba-style shots . Watson is quick to comment on every post from the public . "  He 's very engaged with social media . His music video had four million views and all these things help make Bubba a likeable character , " d'Ippolito said . "  They give him mass appeal , not like the seriousness you have with a traditional golfer . " It also helps raise his profile among sponsors . Though as d'Ippolito admitted : "  On the flipside , it does potentially make things difficult if things go wrong , as we saw with Tiger 's romantic profile recently . Five years ago it was inconceivable that a sporting personality would have an entire global audience at his fingertips . It opens up a whole new debate on how much sponsors can control their stars . "  It could work both ways -- some sponsors might be put off by his level of eccentricity . "	Masters champ Bubba Watson 's wacky YouTube videos are internet sensation Social media expert says Bubba 's online antics will open golf to young generation Watson attracts more than 480,000 Twitter followers , replying to every single post
Philadelphia  CNN  -- In the fourth day of deliberations in the trial of a Philadelphia abortion doctor , jurors asked Friday for a description of the babies the doctor is accused of killing . Prosecutors say Kermit Gosnell , 72 , killed babies by using scissors to cut their spinal cords . Authorities allege that some of the infants were born alive and viable during the sixth , seventh and eighth months of pregnancy . In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . In addition to asking for the description of the four babies , the jurors asked to be given the written definition of RICO charges , and a property receipt for the medications removed from the clinic and put into evidence . RICO charges extend from the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act . After consulting with attorneys , Judge Jeffrey Minehart answered the jury in the deliberation room . Gosnell and his co-defendant , Eileen O'Neill , 56 , were not in the courtroom . The nature of the questions indicate the jury has completed the charge sheet for O'Neill -- who is charged with practicing without a license , not performing illegal abortions -- and have moved on to Gosnell . If found guilty of first-degree murder , Gosnell , who is not a board-certified obstetrician or gynecologist , could be sentenced to death . Gosnell originally faced first-degree murder charges in the deaths of seven babies and a count of third-degree murder in the death of Karnamaya Mongar , 41 . Mongar died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . Minehart threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges last week . On the first day of deliberations , the jury sent out questions regarding one of the name of a patient and the definition of "  theft by deception . " O'Neill , who is a medical school graduate , is charged with participating in the operation of a corrupt organization and theft by deception for operating without a license to practice medicine . Gosnell also is charged with conspiracy , abortion at 24 or more weeks of pregnancy , theft , corruption of minors , solicitation and other related offenses . He and O'Neill have pleaded not guilty . The babies Gosnell is accused of killing include one that a former employee testified whined after it was expelled from its mother ; one that a former employee testified was a large baby boy that breathed before having its neck snipped and was placed into a plastic box the size of a shoebox ; one whose neck was snipped after an employee played with the baby ; and one that was delivered into a toilet and appeared to be swimming before being scooped up and having its neck snipped . Defense attorney Jack McMahon has maintained that none of the infants was killed ; rather , he said , they were already deceased as a result of Gosnell previously administering the drug Digoxin , which can cause abortion . In his closing argument , he accused prosecutors of "  the most extraordinary hype and exaggeration in the history of the criminal justice system , " even adding that they are "  elitist " and "  racist . " Gosnell , who is African-American , has been accused by authorities of preying on low-income , minority women . McMahon argued that Gosnell offered access to health care for people who were poor and without health insurance . Minehart also has tossed out all five abuse-of-corpse charges relating to storing the feet of aborted fetuses in plastic containers . The judge dismissed one count of infanticide , the intentional killing of an infant . Gosnell also is accused of reusing unsanitary instruments ; performing procedures in filthy rooms , including some in which litter boxes and animals allegedly were present at the time ; and allowing unlicensed employees -- including a teenage high school student -- to perform operations and administer anesthesia . Nine others who worked in the west Philadelphia medical office , including Gosnell 's wife and sister-in-law , also were charged . Eight have pleaded guilty .	The jury is in the fourth day of deliberations in the trial of Kermit Gosnell Jurors ask for a description of the four babies he is accused of killing They also ask for a definition of RICO charges and a list of medications taken from the clinic
CNN  -- The sun may be setting on Mark Webber 's Formula One career , but the veteran Australian driver lit up Abu Dhabi on Saturday by snatching pole position from all-conquering Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel . Webber has been outshined by the German for most of this season , but he has given himself a chance of ending the four-time world champion 's run of six consecutive victories in Sunday 's race . That would be sweet for the 37-year-old , who will drive in endurance racing for Porsche next season after a frustrating time in Vettel 's shadow . As light segued to dark in qualifying for F1 's only day/night event , Webber posted the fastest time of 1:39:957 at Yas Marina for his second pole this season -- the other was two races ago in Japan , where he finished second to Vettel . He now has three races in which to add to his nine career wins . "  It 's not the easiest venue , because of the changing temperatures , " Webber , who is fifth in the overall standings , told reporters . "  We run in the afternoon and then at night , so you have to be on top of the changing conditions as a driver and also from an engineering perspective . Interactive : Explore ` Fab-u ' Dhabi 's F1 circuit "  It was n't the most electric start to Q1 or Q2 , but we made changes to the car as the session went on and I got more comfortable . I knew I had to work on certain sections of the track which Sebastian had already been doing a good job on , so I had to try and match him as well as continuing to keep the areas where I was doing a good job too , so overall I 'm happy with the pole . "  We 're really looking forward to the race tomorrow . " Vettel , who last weekend became only the third driver in F1 history to win four successive championships , appeared happy to share the limelight with a man who he denied victory in Malaysia after ignoring team orders . "  It was a great result for the team . At the start of qualifying I think Mercedes looked very strong ; Mark and myself were n't hanging about , but they were very quick , " the 26-year-old said . "  In Q3 we seemed to be able to find a little bit of extra time . Mark did a very good lap , so congratulations to him . I should have done a little bit better , but I do n't know if it would have been enough , Mark deserves to be on pole today ; it was a good lap with no mistakes . " Second-placed Mercedes ' bid to stay ahead of Ferrari in the constructors ' standings was boosted when Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton locked up the second row of the grid , despite the latter suffering mechanical problems . "  Fourth place feels pretty good this evening considering the time was set on my first Q3 lap , " said 2008 world champion Hamilton . "  Unfortunately on my second lap it looks like something gave way at the back of the car as I got on the power at the chicane and it just snapped out , which forced me into a spin . "  It was a great lap and might just have been enough to get us onto the front row as I was fourth-tenths up on my first effort , but these things happen . "  The car felt really strong today so we 'll hope for a good start and then challenge to make up some positions in the race tomorrow . The good thing is that we are ahead of Ferrari and that 's where we need to stay . " Ferrari 's focus , despite all statements to the contrary , seems to be on next season already , with Fernando Alonso -- second in the championship -- failing to make Q3 for the first time this year . The Spaniard qualified 11th , though he will have a choice of tires , while teammate Felipe Massa was eighth after sneaking into Q3 in 10th . Kimi Raikkonen , who will replace the Brazilian at Ferrari next year , shrugged off his pay dispute with Lotus by claiming fifth place in qualifying , while teammate Romain Grosjean -- seeking a fourth consecutive podium finish -- was seventh . However , Raikkonen was later excluded after his car failed a technical test , meaning the Finn will start at the back of the grid and every other driver who qualified below him will be bumped up one place . It was a similar problem with the floor of the vehicle that affected Grosjean in Hungary , but this time fourth-placed Lotus ' explanation was not accepted by the race stewards . Alonso remained upbeat about Sunday 's race , despite his lowly position . "  The problem that we are facing is that we are not very competitive , " the 2005-06 world champion said . "  But we were n't competitive in July , we were not competitive in August or in September , but we still have five podiums and three consecutive second places . "  So this masks a little bit the problems we were having . Now we are back to reality but it will not stop us fighting . We will score more than the others , I have no doubt . " Sauber 's Nico Hulkenberg , a contender to join Lotus , was sixth in qualifying to continue his impressive run while McLaren 's Sergio Perez was ninth . Daniel Ricciardo , who will replace his compatriot Webber next season , rounded out the top 10 for Toro Rosso . McLaren 's 2009 world champion Jenson Button was 13th .	Mark Webber claims his second pole position this season in Abu Dhabi on Saturday Australian driver heads off Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel in qualifying Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton will be on second row for Sunday 's race Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso misses out on Q3 for the first time this season
CNN  -- Authorities scoured the national park around Washington 's Mount Rainier on Sunday for a man they say fatally shot a park ranger and fled into the woods , a park spokeswoman said . The suspect remained at large Sunday night , believed to be somewhere in the expansive park , Mount Rainier National Park spokeswoman Lee Taylor said . Four to five feet of snow is on the ground , including about two feet of fresh powder , where the gunman escaped . "  There 's a lot of snow on the ground ,  and  it would be difficult to move through quickly , " Taylor told CNN . "  And it 's heavily forested . " The bloodshed began with what the spokesman called "  a normal traffic stop " around 10:30 a.m. PT  1:30 p.m. ET  . But the suspect did n't heed a request to pull over , prompting a ranger to radio ahead requesting assistance . Park ranger Margaret Anderson , 34 , responded to that call and set up her patrol vehicle as a roadblock . "  When he  the shooter  arrived at that spot , he got out  of his car  and fatally shot her , " said Taylor . The suspect then ran into the spacious national park , whose border is about 50 miles southeast of Seattle . The park -- the centerpiece being the 14,410-foot Mount Rainier , which is considered an active volcano -- comprises 235,625 acres in the Cascade Range . Entrances to the park were closed after the shooting . Taylor said that authorities were able to "  evacuate most of the people ... safely , " with more than 100 people "  holed up in our primary visitor center " with food , water and five law enforcement officers standing guard . "  We do n't want to try to have those people get to their vehicle and caravan down the park road where it could be dangerous , being sniped at by a gunman , " the spokeswoman said Sunday night . "  So for now , they are going to sit tight in the visitor center . " Anderson was the mother of a 4-year-old and 1-year-old and the wife of a fellow park ranger , according to Taylor . A ranger at Mount Rainier for the past four years , Anderson "  was on the job not for money or for glory , but out of a love for wild places and the national parks , " said Taylor . She is survived by her husband , who is also a park ranger , as well as a 4-year-old and a 1-year-old . "  She was a person with a quick smile , a very gentle person , a very competent ranger , " said Taylor . "  This gunman took the life of somebody who had a great deal to live for and was making great contributions to society by being a national park ranger . " CNN 's Adam Shivers contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 100 people will stay in a visitor center until the situation is safe , a spokeswoman says NEW : There 's 4 to 5 feet of snow in a forested area where the shooter fled , she adds The man evaded a roadblock in Mount Rainier National Park and fatally shot a park ranger The slain ranger is a 34-year-old mother of two small children
Editor 's note : Peggy Wallace Kennedy is the daughter of George C. Wallace and Lurleen Wallace , who both were governors of Alabama . She lives in Montgomery , Alabama , with her husband , Mark Kennedy , a retired state Supreme Court justice . They have two sons , Leigh , a decorated veteran of the Iraq war , and Burns , a college sophomore . Peggy Wallace Kennedy says her father sought absolution for his segregationist views . MONTGOMERY , Alabama  CNN  -- I heard a car door slam behind me and turned to see an elderly but spry woman heading my way . The night before , a gang of vandals had swept through the cemetery desecrating graves , crushing headstones and stealing funereal objects . My parents ' graves , situated on a wind-swept hill overlooking the cemetery , had not been spared . A large marble urn that stood between two granite columns had been pried loose and spirited away , leaving faded silk flowers strewn on the ground . I was holding a bouquet of them in my arms when the woman walked up and gave me a crushing hug . "  Honey , " she said , "  you do n't know me , but when I saw you standing up here on this hill , I knew that you must be one of the girls and I could n't help myself but to drive up here and let you know how much me and my whole family loved both of your parents . They were real special people . " I thanked her for her kind words as we stood side by side gazing down at the graves of Govs. George Wallace and Lurleen Wallace . After a few moments , the woman leaned into me and spoke almost in a conspiratorial whisper . "  I never thought I would live to see the day when a black would be running for president . I know your daddy must be rolling over in his grave . " Not having the heart or the energy to respond , I gave her bony arm a slight squeeze , turned and walked away . As I put the remnants of the graveyard spray in the trunk of my car , I assumed that she had not bothered to notice the Barack Obama sticker on my bumper . When I was a young voter and had little interest in politics , my father would mark my ballot for me . As I thought about the woman in the cemetery , I mused that if he were alive and I had made the same request for this election , there would be a substantial chance , though not a certainty , that he would put an "  X " by Obama 's name . Perhaps it would be the last chapter in his search for inner peace that became so important to him after becoming a victim of hatred and violence himself when he was shot and gravely injured in a Laurel , Maryland , shopping center parking lot . Perhaps it would be a way of reconciling in his own mind that what he once stood for did not prevent freedom of opportunity and self-advancement from coming full circle ; his final absolution . George Wallace and other Southern governors of his ilk stood defiantly in the 1950s and '60s in support of racial segregation , a culture of repression , violence and denial of basic human rights . Their actions and the stark images of their consequences that spread across the world galvanized the nation and gave rise to a cry for an end to the American apartheid . The firestorms that were lit in Birmingham , Oxford , Memphis , Tuscaloosa , Montgomery , Little Rock and Selma were a call to arms to which the people responded . And now a new call to arms has sounded as Americans face another assault on freedom . For if the stand in the schoolhouse door was a defining moment for George Wallace , then surely the aftermath of Katrina and the invasion of Iraq will be the same for George W. Bush . The trampling of individual freedoms and his blatant contempt for the rights of the average American may not have been as obvious as an ax-handle-wielding governor , but Bush 's insidiousness and piety have made him much more dangerous . Healing must come , hope will be our lodestar , humility will reshape the American conscience , and honesty in both word and deed will refresh and invigorate America , and having Barack Obama to lead will give us back our power to heal . My father lived long enough to come to an understanding of the injustices borne by his deeds and the legacy of suffering that they left behind . History will teach future generations that he was a man who used his political power to promote a philosophy of exclusion . As his daughter , who witnessed his suffering in the twilight of his years and who witnessed his deeds and heard his words , I am one who believes that the man who , on March 7 , 1965 , listened to the reports of brutality as they streamed into the Governor 's Mansion from Selma , Alabama , was not the same man who , in March of 1995 , was welcomed with open arms as he was rolled through a sea of African-American men , women and children who gathered with him to welcome another generation of marchers , retracing in honor and remembrance the historic steps from Selma to Montgomery . Four years ago , the young Illinois senator who spoke at the Democratic National Convention mesmerized me . I hoped even then that he would one day be my president . Today , Barack Obama is hope for a better tomorrow for all Americans . He stands on the shoulders of all those people who have incessantly prayed for a day when "  justice will run down like waters and righteousness as a mighty stream "  Amos 5:24  . Perhaps one day , my two sons and I will have the opportunity to meet Barack Obama in person to express our gratitude to him for bringing our family full circle . And today , the day after the election , I am going to ride to the cemetery so that if asked , I can vouch for the fact that the world is still spinning but my father lies at peace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Wallace Kennedy .	Peggy Wallace Kennedy : My dad , George Wallace , might have backed Barack Obama Ex-segregationist Wallace sought absolution for his earlier views , daughter says She says Obama will help heal the nation after wounds of Katrina and Iraq war
CNN  -- A strong earthquake with a magnitude of 6.8 struck off the coast of Japan on Sunday , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The earthquake hit 468 kilometers  302 miles  south-southwest of Tokyo at a depth of 348 kilometers , according to the USGS . There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning . The USGS gave the quake a preliminary magnitude of 7.0 before downgrading it to 6.8 . Ohio looks into quakes ' possible link to fracking Japan lies along the Pacific "  ring of fire , " an area of high seismic and volcanic activity stretching from New Zealand in the South Pacific up through Japan , across to Alaska and down the west coasts of North and South America . Last year , a devastating earthquake and tsunami hit northeastern Japan , leaving thousands of people dead or missing . The March 11 earthquake triggered powerful tsunami waves and sparked a nuclear crisis .	The earthquake hit 468 kilometers  302 miles  south-southwest of Tokyo There are no immediate reports of injuries or damage The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning
The NBA 's commissioner came down hard Tuesday on Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling , ordering him out of his team 's business and pushing to force him to sell over racist remarks that caused a firestorm since becoming public days ago . Adam Silver detailed Sterling 's punishment of a lifetime ban and $ 2.5 million fine -- the "  maximum amount " allowed per league guidelines -- at a press conference eight hours before Sterling 's Clippers were to tip off in the fifth game of a tightly contested first-round playoff series with the Golden State Warriors . Silver 's decision was met with immediate support from NBA owners , players and others connected to the league who have been calling for swift , firm punishment ever since TMZ posted audio featuring the incendiary comments . "  I hope that every bigot in this country sees what happened to Mr. Sterling and recognizes that if he can fall , so can you , " Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson , a former NBA All-Star who was tasked with leading the NBA players union 's efforts on this matter . Sterling scandal : Silver 's moment to shine Under the lifetime ban , Sterling is prohibited from attending NBA games or practices , stepping foot inside any Clippers ' facility , taking part in business or personnel decisions , or having a role in league activities such as attending NBA Board of Governors meetings . Silver -- who succeeded longtime NBA leader David Stern in February -- also insisted he will do "  everything in my power " to compel the NBA Board of Governors to "  force a sale " of the Clippers . The commissioner said "  I fully expect " to get the needed three-quarters of the league 's owners -- meaning at least 23 -- to back the move , though Sterling could fight any such move in court . If Sterling does sell the team , he stands to profit considerably : He bought the Clippers for $ 12 million in 1981 , and the team is now worth $ 575 million , according to Forbes magazine . And he 'd likely have plenty of suitors : Among them is Hollywood mogul David Geffen , who spokeswoman Priscila Giraldo says is "  interested " in buying the team . Rather than water cooler discussions of exciting NBA playoff action , people are talking about racist remarks by a team owner , said Gabe Feldman , head of Tulane University 's sports law program . Estimating the team may be worth closer to $ 1 billion , Feldman added , "  He may get a lot of money from the sale , but I think it will allow the NBA to shift their focus . " What ban means for Clipper finances That 's what Clippers coach Doc Rivers said Tuesday night , commending Silver as "  fantastic " for making "  a decision that really was the right one . " While the players are n't rejoicing , they are breathing easier knowing what happened earlier in the day , he said . "  They were just happy that it was a resolution , " Rivers said , expressing hope that playing the game will be a "  safe haven " for all involved . " ... We 're all in a better place because of this . " Clippers : ` Now the healing process begins ' The inflammatory sentiments Silver referred to came packaged in a 10-minute recording that TMZ said occurred during an April 9 conversation between Sterling and girlfriend V. Stiviano . On the recording , a man and woman argue about photos posted to Instagram in which she appears with African-Americans . The man says he does n't want the woman bringing any black people to games with her . The sports website Deadspin on Sunday posted five additional minutes of what it said was part of the same audio recording . Neither website has said how it obtained the recordings ; Stiviano 's lawyer 's office said Sunday that she did n't release them to TMZ , while stating they are legitimate . On Saturday , Clippers President Andy Roeser suggested the audio was aimed at "  getting even " with Sterling over a lawsuit . Rochelle Sterling filed a lawsuit last month against Stiviano , who she said was having an affair with her husband and accusing Stiviano of going after extremely wealthy older men . Roeser said that the offensive comments are "  not consistent with , nor does it reflect  Sterling 's  views , beliefs or feelings . " Moreover , he cast doubt as to whether Sterling had made them , stating : "  We do not know if it is legitimate or it has been altered . " Silver expressed no such doubts Tuesday , saying the Clippers owner "  acknowledged it was his voice on the tape . " Asked whether the owner expressed any remorse , the commissioner said , "  Mr. Sterling has not expressed those views directly to me . " Moments after Silver 's press conference concluded , the Clippers struck a different tone . "  We wholeheartedly support and embrace the decision by the NBA and Commissioner Adam Silver today , " the team said . "  Now the healing process begins . " Silver says he shares sponsors ' ` outrage ' There is no question that Sterling rightfully owns the Clippers . Some observers question how comments , made privately , could serve as grounds for such punishment , including possibly forcing him to sell the team . Yet while there 's no precedent in the NBA , there is in other sports . In the 1990s , Major League Baseball repeatedly suspended Cincinnati Reds owner Marge Schott over racist and other controversial comments , and she ultimately sold the franchise . Silver said Tuesday he 'd "  let the lawyers " address specifics , while stating flatly , "  We have the authority to act as I 've recommended . " Feldman said some owners might be wary of setting a precedent in which anyone can be voted out "  just based on something they do n't like , whether it was said privately or just said publicly . " That view notwithstanding , NBA owners universally backed Silver 's judgment in statements Tuesday . If the owners follow through on the commissioner 's recommendation to force him to sell , Sterling could fight back in the courts . But should he file a lawsuit , CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin says his chances of success seem "  basically zero . " Sterling so far has n't had found support in the court of public opinion , especially among past and present players . Members of his own team , the Clippers , debated boycotting their playoff game Saturday with the Warriors , according to coach Rivers . They decided against it , instead opting to stage a silent protest by removing their warmup shirts bearing team logos to reveal red T-shirts worn inside out , with the logos hidden . Silver said he talked to Rivers , Clippers star point guard Chris Paul  who is also the players union president  and other players prior to reaching his decision Tuesday morning . Dollars talked , too , to ramp up the pressure for Silver to act . Over a dozen companies -- including State Farm , Virgin America , CarMax and Red Bull -- halted their sponsorships with the Clippers over the remarks , CNN Money reported . Speaking Tuesday , the commissioner said he shares these companies "  outrage , " adding "  it will take some time " to get things right . Clippers sponsors jump ship "  I can understand how upset they are , and I 'll do my best to bring them back into the NBA family , " Silver said . For some , his decision to ban Sterling was enough . Both Adidas and Samsung announced later Tuesday that they had renewed their "  partnerships " in the wake of the owner 's public punishment . Warriors coach Mark Jackson , who a day earlier urged fans to boycott Tuesday 's game and said there was "  a real discussion among the players " to do the same so long as Sterling remained in charge , thinks Silver gave everyone enough reason now to come out to a game . "  I thought he was absolutely incredible ... with the way that he took control of the moment , " Jackson said of the commissioner before his team 's playoff showdown in Los Angeles . " ... It was exactly what the doctor ordered . " Five key players in the Donald Sterling uproar Magic Johnson : Players are ` very happy and satisfied ' One man thrust into the controversy -- seemingly out of the blue -- was NBA great Magic Johnson . In the TMZ recording , the man seems mad about a photo the woman posted to Instagram with Johnson . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " the man says . "  If it 's white people , it 's OK ? " she responds . "  If it was Larry Bird , would it make a difference ? " Bird was Johnson 's chief rival when Bird 's Boston Celtics and Johnson 's Los Angeles Lakers ruled the NBA . "  I 've known  Magic Johnson  well , and he should be admired . ... I 'm just saying that it 's too bad you ca n't admire him privately , " the man on the recording says . "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me . And do n't bring him to my games . " After the audio went public , Johnson -- who , since retiring from basketball , has become a successful businessman and part owner of baseball 's Los Angeles Dodgers -- expressed dismay and insisted he 'd never attend a Clippers game so long as Sterling was the owner . Johnson offered a very different tune Tuesday , commending Silver for exhibiting "  great leadership " in saying he and others "  are very happy and satisfied . " "  I wish I was in LA , I would be at the Clipper game tonight ! " he tweeted . Sterling has history of fighting discrimination claims in court Will the NBA make Sterling the first owner to give up team ? Reaction : ` Disturbing and offensive '	Warriors coach : Players talked of boycott prior to Sterling decision NBA bans Clippers owner Donald Sterling for life , fines him $ 2.5 million for racist remarks Sterling admitted making reviled comments first heard on TMZ , the NBA commissioner says Adam Silver urges owners to vote to "  force " Sterling to sell his team
The owner of country music 's Grand Ole Opry sued the U.S. government on Monday , accusing two federal agencies of turning the 2010 flood that struck Nashville into a man-made catastrophe . Gaylord Entertainment was joined in the lawsuit by A.O. Smith , the Wisconsin-based water-heater manufacturer that saw one of its plants along the Cumberland River inundated in the May 2010 flood . Their lawsuit names the Army Corps of Engineers and the National Weather Service , which have acknowledged that a lack of communication undercut flood warnings . "  It is a simple fact that we incurred millions of dollars in damages because the Corps released so much water into the Cumberland River that it rose above the 100-year flood plain , " the companies said in a joint statement . "  We have a fiduciary responsibility to our shareholders to seek remuneration for the losses we sustained as a result of this negligence , and also to ensure that both parties make significant process improvements to prevent a man-made disaster from occurring in any future flood event . " In 2010 , flooding hits Nashville hard The Cumberland eventually crested at nearly 52 feet in downtown Nashville , almost 12 feet over flood stage and about 10 feet higher than forecast . The flooding killed 11 people in the city and inflicted more than $ 2 billion in damage , with an additional 15 people killed in the surrounding region . The Corps of Engineers referred questions about the lawsuit to the U.S. attorney 's office in Nashville , which did not immediately respond to a request for comment . The A.O. Smith plant in the Nashville suburb of Ashland City was covered in mud and silt after the flooding , with the company estimating its losses at $ 76 million . Meanwhile , Gaylord says the famous Opry House and its Opryland hotel and resort took as much as a $ 250 million hit from the flooding . Flooding closes curtains at Grand Ole Opry The lawsuit argues that the Corps "  repeatedly provided incorrect and inaccurate information " to the Weather Service , which issued flood warnings for the Cumberland River . The suit accuses the Weather Service of knowingly using outdated information from the Corps in preparing those forecasts . In a January 2011 report on the disaster , the Weather Service found that the Corps was forced to increase the flow of water from a dam on the Cumberland River amid record rainfalls over Nashville and the surrounding region on May 2 . But forecasters were n't told about the additional releases , and the Cumberland passed its predicted crest of 41.9 feet within two hours of their advisory , the report stated . In its own assessment , the Corps of Engineers acknowledged that "  misunderstandings " between its Nashville district office and the Weather Service threw off forecasts "  to some degree . "	Monday 's lawsuit criticizes Corps of Engineers and the National Weather Service Opry and water-heater maker say those agencies created a "  man-made disaster " The May 2010 flood killed 11 people in Nashville and caused $ 2 billion in losses
CNN  -- A California-based hospital chain has agreed to pay $ 16.5 million to settle allegations that its hospitals were involved in a kickback scheme in which homeless people were taken to hospitals for sometimes unneeded treatment , and government programs were billed for the work , authorities said Thursday . Los Angeles Doctor 's Hospital , Inc. , agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to defraud Medicare and Medi-Cal through the payment of illegal kickbacks to "  marketers " who recruited people to act as patients , the U.S. attorney for central California said in a news release . LADH is a subsidiary of Pacific Health Corp. , which has entered into a deferred prosecution agreement with federal authorities . In the agreements filed Thursday in U.S. District Court , LADH and PCH admitted that from 2003 to 2008 they and the three PCH hospitals paid more than $ 2.3 million in kickbacks to "  marketers " to recruit people to act as patients , the statement said . They were treated , even if they did not need treatment , the news release said . Some of the recruits were found in "  Skid Row " in downtown Los Angeles , it said . "  As a result of this illegal conduct , Medicare and Medi-Cal made nearly $ 16 million in improper payments to the PHC hospitals , " the statement added . According to the plea agreement of one of those "  marketers , " Estill Mitts , hired "  stringers " to recruit homeless people to act as patients from 2004 until 2007 in exchange for promises of small payments . He has previously pleaded guilty to conspiring to recruit homeless people to receive unnecessary health services , the release said . CNN was unable Thursday to reach Mitts , who is to be sentenced October 15 in federal court . Though PHC was criminally charged Thursday , the charges will be dismissed in 2018 if the company follows through with its agreement , the statement said . "  To root out and deter those who seek to exploit publicly funded health care programs , we need to pursue all available remedies -- civil , criminal , and administrative , " said U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. , in the news release . "  The guilty plea , civil settlement agreement , and corporate compliance agreement that we are announcing today ... reflect this approach and should remind unscrupulous health care providers of our determination to bring to justice those who exploit federal and state public health programs for their personal gain . " In the civil settlement , PHC ; its parent company , Health Investment Corp. ; and three subsidiary hospitals agreed to pay the $ 16.5 million to settle claims that they were involved in the scheme and submitted false claims to Medicare and Medi-Cal , the statement said . Parties to the civil settlement are : Los Angeles Metropolitan Medical Center , Newport Specialty Hospital  formerly known as Tustin Hospital and Medical Center  and Anaheim General Hospital . "  One of the key goals of our new management team has been to fairly resolve these legacy issues with the government , " Pacific Health said in a statement . "  We are pleased that we will now be able to put these matters behind us and focus exclusively on our primary mission -- providing excellent and compassionate care to the communities we serve . We believe that ultimately our hospitals will be stronger as a result of this agreement . PHC 's new leadership team reaffirms its unwavering commitment to ethical business practices and full compliance with the law . " The first installment on the $ 16.5 million fine , of more than $ 1 million , was made Wednesday , said Assistant U.S. Attorney Wendy Weiss in a telephone interview . The settlement , which was reached in June , stipulates that the second installment is due September 1 , she said . "  We are trying to hit these providers that do these kinds of things hard with appropriate civil and criminal remedies so that we send a message that we are continuing to go after providers that defraud our federal health care programs in this way , " said Weiss . "  Hospitals colluding with marketers to fatten profits through illegal referrals for costly and sometimes needless medical services are pocketing millions of taxpayer dollars , " said Glenn R. Ferry , special agent in charge for the Los Angeles region of the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . In a previous investigation , Intercare Health Systems Inc.  which had previously been called City of Angels Medical Center  , and former owners Robert Bourseau and Dr. Rudra Sabaratnam , were the subjects of consent judgments related to a similar scheme . Bourseau , Sabaratnam and others were sentenced to federal prison for their involvement .	Pacific Health Corporation and three of its hospitals agree to the payment Marketers recruited homeless from L.A. 's "  Skid Row " for often unneeded treatment Medicare and Medi-Cal picked up the tab
In many ways , the 2012 election was the year of the woman . Women -- who have historically formed one of President Barack Obama 's key constituencies -- once again united behind him in large numbers and helped fend off defections from white male and independent supporters . A record 20 women will hold U.S. Senate seats next year -- including newly-elected Wisconsin Democrat Tammy Baldwin , the first openly lesbian senator . The New Hampshire congressional delegation will be all female and , in Obama 's home state of Hawaii , Democrat Mazie Hirono will represent the islands in the Senate . "  I 'm not sure if it was as much a coincidence as a perfect storm , " said Jennifer Duffy , a senior editor with the nonpartisan Cook Political Report . "  The conditions were right and the Republican nominee gave women pause . " According to CNN 's exit polls , 55 % of women and 45 % of men voted for Obama and 44 % of women and 52 % of men voted for Romney . That level of female support for the president made an especially big impact in swing states like Ohio where the gender breakdown mirrored the national figures . Big gains for women in 2012 It is a gender advantage Obama clinched even as early as mid October when data showed that among white women , the president led 52 % -46 % . Back in 2008 when Obama carried Ohio , he received 47 % of votes from white women in that state . Nationally , Obama received 56 % of the female vote in 2008 . "  I think it 's one of the things Republicans have to look at , " Duffy said . " ` Why are we the party of white men . ' " Political experts also say Romney , who saw an early October surge of support among female voters , may have undone those gains during the second presidential debate when he said he used "  whole binders full of women " as a hiring tool as governor , whiffed on an equal pay question , and alluded to helping women get home to cook dinner . "  That a presidential candidate in 2012 can utter such superficial answers to a serious question about women 's economic equity and autonomy reveals a lack of serious thought about issues of substantive importance to women , " Kathleen Dolan , a political science professor at the University of Wisconsin , and Jennifer L. Lawless , an associate professor of government and director of the Women & Politics Institute at American University , wrote recently for CNN . "  It also demonstrates a lack of commitment to the change necessary to allow women and men to lead fully integrated professional and personal lives , " they said . But Republican woes with women can not be blamed solely on Romney . Opinion : Women gain wider access to power Verbal gaffes from down-ballot candidates such as Rep. Todd Akin , whose comments about a woman 's body preventing pregnancy after "  legitimate rape " may have cost him the election , also reinforced for some voters concerns that the GOP is out of touch with women . "  Part of the reason Democrats had a good day was some conservative Republicans said some stupid things and it made some issues more salient than they usually are , " said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University in Atlanta . "  When people are making comments about legitimate rape ... it scares women who might not have thought about it . Even the conversation about contraception ... this was a way to make women 's health issues very , very personal , " Gillespie said . The first portion of this year 's political season saw a heated partisan showdown over a federal mandate requiring religious institutions to offer contraception insurance coverage to employees . The ensuing back and forth sparked a "  war on women " fight between Democrats and Republicans that bled into congressional hearings , the campaigns and talk radio and re-ignited the gender wars . Democrats were able to use the rhetoric to suggest that Republicans would threaten the right to contraception -- something studies indicate the majority of the public supports , said Michele Swers , a Georgetown University American government professor . Move over boys , New Hampshire goes to the women "  The debate can be more framed on the aspects of the debate that were more popular with the general public , " Swers said , adding that Democrats were also able to connect other GOP positions on abortion as extreme . There are some indications that social issues directly impacting women might have helped sway votes in some states . Tuesday 's early exit polls showed 51 % of Missouri voters said they believed abortion should be legal all or most of the time . Of those voters , exit polls showed 76 % supported Democratic incumbent Claire McCaskill , who won Tuesday night , while 19 % voted for Akin . Forty-seven percent of Missouri 's voters said abortion should be illegal . Exit polls showed Akin netted 67 % of this group 's votes while 27 % of people who think abortion should be illegal supported McCaskill . But much more than social issues , pocketbook economic issues most concerned women voters , exit polling showed . "  Women like all voters felt the economics were most important , " Swers said . "  Women tend to be more supportive of government spending  such as cutting things as Medicaid , and food stamps  than men are ... so they were less responsive to Romney in that way and more responsive to Obama 's message on empathy and helping the middle class . "	Women were seen as the key to the election this week President Barack Obama got 55 % of the female vote on Tuesday The U.S. Senate will see a record 20 women take seats next term
CNN  -- Barcelona has appointed Luis Enrique as the club 's new manager just days after losing out on the La Liga title . Enrique , who has resigned from his role at Celta Vigo following a successful season in charge , returns to the club where he starred as a player between 1996 and 2004 . The 44-year-old has signed a two-year deal and replaces Tata Martino , who left the club after just one season at the helm . In a statement , the club confirmed that Enrique was appointed following an endorsement from sporting director , Andoni Zubizarreta . Barcelona endured a disappointing season , failing to retain its league title and crashing out of the Champions League following a defeat by Atletico Madrid . Atletico also pipped Barca to the league title by securing a final day draw at Camp Nou on Saturday . Martino 's side was also beaten by arch-rival Real Madrid in last month 's Copa del Rey final . His departure , which came following Saturday 's draw , raised few eyebrows following a reign perpetuated by rumors of unrest within the camp . The attention will now turn to Enrique , who guided Celta to an impressive ninth place finish in La Liga . Enrique , who arrived at the club for the first time as a player in 18 years ago following a move from Real Madrid , became a huge favorite with the club 's supporters . He won two league titles , two Spanish Cups , a European Cup Winners Cup and a European Super Cup during his eight years at the Camp Nou . Enrique played 300 games for the club , scoring 109 goals and captained the side between 2002-2004 before retiring . In 2008 , the former Spain international coached Barcelona B , winning promotion in his second season in charge before leaving to take over at Italian side Roma three years later . At Roma , he guided the club to a seventh place finish in Serie A and into the semifinals of the Italian Cup . He left his post after citing fatigue . The confirmation of Enrique 's appointment came shortly after Lionel Messi signed a new deal with the club , which reportedly takes his net annual salary to $ 27.4 million . Messi agreed the deal last Friday but put pen to paper on the new contract Monday . The Argentina striker has had a lean season by his own impossibly high standards , but has still scored 28 La Liga goals in his 30 games . Messi joined the Catalans in 2000 at the age of 13 and has gone on to win 21 trophies with Barca , including six La Liga titles and three European Champions League crowns . The 26-year was also voted World Player of the Year in four successive seasons , between 2009 and 2012 , and will be one of the biggest names at the World Cup in Brazil . Barcelona has also announced the signing of Borussia Mönchengladbach goalkeeper Marc-André Ter Stegen , who is expected to become the club 's first-choice next season .	Luis Enrique appointed new manager of Barcelona Enrique replaces Tata Martino at Camp Nou Former player a huge favorite at Catalan club Enjoyed a fine season in charge at Celta Vigo
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose new book is "  Late Edition : A Love Story . " Bob Greene says Logan , Ohio , paid an extraordinary tribute to its most dedicated football fan . CNN  -- "  Yes , it 's all gone now , " Craig Dunn told me the other day . "  If you 're not from around here , you 'd never know it was ever there . " Dunn is the sports editor of the Logan , Ohio , Daily News , a paper with a small circulation  around 4,000  and a small news staff  five people put the paper out , covering the entire county  . Last fall , when I was crisscrossing the country on the CNN Election Express , I spoke with Dunn about the town 's high school football stadium , which was being demolished . Bill Sauer Field , it was called . The story I wrote appeared briefly on the Political Ticker and then went away quickly ; there was so much rapidly breaking news coming out of the presidential campaign that the story was little more than a blip . Yet I found myself , during the last year , thinking about Bill Sauer Field , and Logan , Ohio , and how it 's possible for all of us , if we make the effort , to find the best in ourselves -- to find the best in each other . I find myself thinking about Bill Sauer , and about what that little town did for him , more than I think about almost anything else on which I reported during our long journey through America . And so , with a new football season beginning all across the United States , I spoke with Craig Dunn again the other afternoon . "  When I drive by the place where it used to be , it 's not with a sense of sadness , " he said . "  It 's with pride for what this town once did . " Bill Sauer Field was the core of public life in Logan . The town , population 7,300 , gravitated to the old stadium on Friday nights in autumns to watch the high school team , the Chieftains , play their games . And who was Bill Sauer ? A self-made millionaire from the community who had bestowed the stadium upon the town ? A prominent local politician ? A long-gone Logan football hero ? No . Bill Sauer was born in Logan more than 100 years ago -- in 1908 . From the time he was a little boy , he could not walk . He spoke with great difficulty . His parents , desperate , searched for answers . Logan was and is a rural community , and back then sophisticated medical diagnoses were not easy to come by . His mother and father were eventually told that the boy had cerebral palsy . He attended public school in Logan . It was not easy , of course . He was 23 by the time he graduated from Logan High School . Then , as now , the boys who were strong and swift and athletically graceful were the ones most celebrated . Bill could not even take a step on his own . But he loved the Logan sports teams , and he took pride in supporting them . Football , basketball , track and field -- he never missed a game , and he seldom missed a practice session . He would be there on the sidelines , sitting in his wheelchair , cheering for his classmates . His life did n't get any less arduous after he graduated . His father died . It became incumbent upon Bill to support himself and his mother . He sold Christmas cards ; he sold magazine subscriptions . At the town 's swimming pool , he ran the concessions stand . His philosophy of life , Craig Dunn told me , was basic : However often you get knocked down , you get back up one more time . Bill Sauer grew older . New generations of healthy and talented young athletes played for the Logan Chieftains on Friday nights . No matter the weather , no matter how he was feeling , Bill was always there . The Logan football stadium had been constructed in 1925 . It was the heart of the town ; it was what made the community feel like a community . In 1975 , there was a ceremony commemorating the 50th anniversary of the stadium . On that night , it was renamed . For him . For Bill . The whole town had fallen in love with him . All of the quarterbacks who had ever thrown touchdown passes in that stadium , all of the linebackers who had ever made jarring tackles , all of the field goal kickers who had ever won games for Logan as the scoreboard clock ticked down ... and the place was renamed for the boy who could never run a single stride . As the years went by , when visiting teams would come to town , few of the opposing players would have any idea why the stadium in Logan bore the name that it did . That did n't matter . Logan knew . Bill knew . He never married or had a family . He kept going to the games , sitting on the sidelines , right up until his death in 1988 . The town , by honoring him the way it did , had given his life meaning , and contentment , and joy . The decades after his death passed ; the stadium grew too old , too outmoded . Finally , by last year , there could be no more delay . It was time to tear down Bill Sauer Field . It has vanished now . The new athletic complex -- Logan Chieftain Stadium , it is called -- has risen out near State Route 328 . Craig Dunn , the sports editor , spends his Friday nights in the fall covering the games there . Plans are in the works , he said , to erect a plaque at the new stadium in memory of the lifelong fortitude of the town 's most faithful fan . "  They want the plaque to be in a place where the Logan players can see it as they run onto the field for every game , " Dunn said . "  They want to make sure that Bill is never forgotten . " This can be a mean old world sometimes . But other times , when you least expect it , it can light you up . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Bill Sauer was a dedicated fan of his small-town football team He says Sauer had cerebral palsy and a challenging life Greene : Sauer was n't a football star , a millionaire or a politician He says town paid him extraordinary tribute by naming stadium after him
CNN  -- In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Matthew Chance , Citibank CEO Vikram Pandit has said the beleaguered bank , which has received $ 45 billion in bailout money from the U.S. government , is on its way to financial recovery . Pandit : "  We 've made a lot of progress in a very short period of time . " MC : Vikrim Pandit , you 've been named as one of the worst CEOs in America . There are calls for your resignation from Citi Group . Have you considered stepping down ? VP : I have a job to do and I have n't finished it . I 'm going to keep doing the job . You know , we 've gone through enormous change at Citi . The management team was brought in during the crisis to clean up what happened with the crisis . And , the leadership team , our people have done a wonderful job , we 've made a lot of progress in a very short period of time . We have restored financial strength , we have restructured Citi , there 's still more work to do but we have a clear strategy , and a clear focus on the future . I keep going back to how much we 've accomplished in a very short period of time but really , all the credit goes to our people . MC : But there have been such massive investor losses at Citi bank , losses which you did not anticipate . Should n't you be held ultimately accountable for that ? VP : I came into the job and from day one I 've held myself accountable for restoring Citi to its right place . I 've held myself accountable for getting Citi through this economy , through the crisis that we 're in . Unfortunately , a lot of us inherited a lot of things . The new management team ... came in with a lot of assets particularly focused on the U.S. consumer . And these are losses that we 've had to take but we 've also made a lot of progress . We 've cut our cost structure by twenty-five percent , we 've reduced our balance sheet also by about twenty-five percent . Our riskiest assets have been sold for a lot more than that . We 've sold businesses , refocused the company and in the first quarter we did show a modest profit . MC : But there 's already word that federal authorities in the United States are putting out their feelers , looking for possible successors to your position . Do you believe that you still have the full confidence of the U.S. government , which after all , is now a major shareholder in Citi Group ? VP : You know speculation is only natural when we 've had the kind of losses that you 've talked about and until we 've had sustainable profitability , that does n't make it right . The most important part is that this management team and leadership team was brought in to address the issues at Citi and our people have done a wonderful job . What really counts is the confidence our people , our clients and our regulators around the world , including our primary regulators , have in the leadership of the company ... and the strategy that 's being laid out in order to restore Citi to its pre-eminence . MC : Let 's talk a little about that strategy and for instance , the money for the past year or so that Citi Group has taken -- billions of dollars , tens of billions of dollars in tax payer 's money as a bail out . When will that money be given back ? Can it ever be repaid ? VP : The government invested $ 45 billion in Citi . It has invested that amount in at least one other bank , it 's invested a lot of money into a lot of banks . All due to what happened in the financial markets , post-Lehman brothers disappearing , and the lack of confidence that created . We , and I 'm sure others are , thankful for the help we received and our goal is very clear , our goal is to repay every dollar as fast as we can with a great rate of return . MC : What about the fact the government holds such a high percentage of stock ? Do you see that as a long term situation or do you think that sometime in the future , very near , when the government will cease to become the major shareholder ? VP : A lot of extraordinary things have happened in this extraordinary market . Nobody , nobody believes that we 've gone through something that is normal , by any means . The government ownership stake is a result of our converting preferred stock , investment of the government and the common stock . The goal is very straightforward , the goal is to manage the company , to sustain profitability , create a rate of return , so that we can repay the government with a great rate of return and thank the taxpayer for the support that we receive . MC : As a result of this crisis there have been calls for greater regulation in the financial services industry . Do you think it is now inevitable ? VP : There is no question this has been an issue for governments through this entire crisis . And it is about the fact there was a large shadow banking system in the U.S. that was mostly not regulated , as an example , although that 's not the only example . I do think for capital markets to work well we need good governance and good governance is not always about good regulation . Good governance goes up and down every organization . It 's really about how countries come together to work together , so actually I 'm looking forward to an environment where the governance structure is stronger than the ones we 've gone through . MC : Is there a fundamental problem with the ethics in this business ? Has the pursuit of profit gone too far ? VP : It 's all back to governance is n't it ? And standards are part of governance as well and so when you think about the overall aspects of the government structure for the future , the market architecture for the national system for the future , you 've got to keep coming back . You have to take a look at all of it . You have to look at it right from the fact that certain central banks did n't think financial stability was part of its mandate all the way through . What are the right incentives ? And how do you think about compensating people ? We have to look at all of that -- and we are . I must say that we 've weathered the debate that we 've seen . We are getting at the answers , but most importantly we are making sure that all the right questions are getting asked . MC : So what specific measures would you suggest to try and fix some of these problems that have occurred in the financial industry ? VP : There are a lot of suggestions that have already been made . As a matter of fact we were the ones talking about how transparency is important . You have to attack market structure correctly , clearing houses , exchanges , have to have level playing fields on capital , accounting around the world . It 's important to understand that I 'm happy to have my 136 regulators around the world but we also need one overarching regulator , a systemic regulator that can actually help us and help the system aggregate what 's going on . There are suggestions that are not original necessarily . We may have been one of the first ones to talk about them but those are generally the sort of answers people are looking at and more importantly I think we need to debate this a little more . MC : When will this crisis be over ? Do you see any signs , at this point , of a recovery ? VP : What you have to understand is that , this is a significant shock to the world economy . Just think about it , when you look at the last 5 , 10 years there were two engines of growth . There was the U.S. consumer and credit creation . None of those are likely to be the engines of growth going forward . The world 's looking for a new business model . It 's about new engines of growth and it 's not only about creating stability and saying that we 're out of the crisis mode . But we all have work to do as we search for what the new business model is for the world . I am optimistic about the signs that we 're seeing , suggesting that stability is arriving . We still have more to look at , to see that it 's here for sure , but I 'm optimistic that we might start seeing stability in the financial markets , which I think is good , but that 's stage one . Stage two is about what kind of world we want to have going forward , what 's the new business model ? And that 's what we 're really focused on at Citi . We are a global bank , and by the way , we have a very significant merging business heritage . Two things I 'm sure of : the merging markets growth and globalization of trade and finance . We 're squarely positioned against both of those . We 've taken the harder steps ... a lot of the world needs to do the same .	Citibank CEO Pandit : "  We have made a lot of progress in a short period of time " Pandit says bank has a "  clear strategy " and is focused on future Citibank committed to paying back $ 45B government bailout , Pandit says
Although you may think that bottled water is a safer option than tap , two new reports show that the store-bought stuff is actually less regulated than the water you get out of your faucet for free . What 's in your water ? You may be hard pressed to find out , reports the Environmental Working Group . The Food and Drug Administration has little authority to regulate bottled brands , according to a U.S. Congressional report released recently . While municipal water utilities are required to provide public reports of test results , bottled-water makers are not .  On the other hand , well water , which is found in many rural areas , is n't regulated as water provided by towns and cities is .  So although you may fork over a pretty penny for bottled water , that does n't mean it 's any better than what 's coming out of your faucet . In fact , it could be worse and you 'd never know it . The new research is backed by a second report from the Environmental Working Group . The nonprofit advocacy organization surveyed the labels and Web sites of nearly 200 popular bottled-water brands and found that less than 2 percent disclosed three important facts that can affect safety : the water 's source , purification methods , and chemical pollutants in each bottle .  See the full report on bottled water at EWG 's Web site . "  We 're really pushing for a consumer 's right to know what 's in their water , " says Nneka Leiba , an environmental health researcher at the EWG . "  This is n't a doomsday scenario . It is n't that the claims are false ; it 's just that they are misleading . " Reaching for the most popular bottled brands is n't necessarily a solution . In fact , the EWG report found that some of the best-known brands -- for example Whole Foods and San Pellegrino -- are the least likely to report where the water comes from and what it contains . Health.com : Plastic recycling gets easier "  This probably has to do with the fact that they 're imported , so the regulations are different , " says Leiba . "  Some of the brands you think would n't be as transparent , like Walgreens or Sam 's Club , scored higher than many of the popular brands . " So what 's a safety-conscious shopper to do ? In recent years , some reports have suggested that tap water could be contaminated by trace amounts of pharmaceuticals or other substances . Health.com : Why caffeine and sugar are poor substitutes for sleep Leiba says that activated carbon water filters -- like Brita pitchers or faucet attachments -- are a safe and affordable option for filtering tap water . If families can afford it , she recommends a reverse osmosis filter , which will eliminate all impurities . These reports come as food safety concerns seem to be at an all-time high . Lately , recalls of spinach , sprouts , peanut butter , and , most recently , cookie dough have made many consumers start to question the safety of the items they find on grocery-store shelves . Unlike tap water suppliers , bottled water companies do n't have to have their water tested by a certified laboratory , and they are n't required to notify customers within 24 hours if they find elevated levels of contaminants . The FDA does require bottled water companies to test for contaminants and other problems , says Joshua Sharfstein , M.D. , the agency 's principal deputy commissioner . Health.com : Could your rug make you sick ? If the companies fail , however , the public does n't get to see the actual test results . "  There 's clearly a difference in disclosure between municipal water and bottled water , but the FDA 's laws focus on safety of food more than on disclosure of information , " says Sharfstein . "  It 's not a question of whether the FDA can do more ; it 's whether the government can do more through the food safety bill . " Only changes in the current regulations would make it mandatory for manufacturers to make those kinds of records public , he says . Those regulations may change with the Food Safety Enhancement Act . Health.com : Drink this tea to lose that belly The proposed Food Safety Enhancement Act covers many aspects of food safety , including better preventive control measures by food manufacturers , more frequent inspections of facilities , and greater FDA authority over food recalls . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Congressional Report : FDA has little authority to regulate bottled water brands Conversely , municipal water utilities are required to make test results public Watchdog group 's survey : Less than 2 percent of bottlers disclose important info
Atlanta  CNN  A judge , declaring he was n't "  comfortable " with seven-year prison terms given earlier to three educators in the Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal , on Thursday reduced their sentences to three years in prison . "  I 'm not comfortable with it , " Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter said of the sentences he handed down to the three defendants April 14 . "  When a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something 's wrong , something is usually wrong . " Tamara Cotman , Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts also were ordered Thursday to serve seven years on probation , pay $ 10,000 fines and work 2,000 hours in community service . Baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators who stood trial and were convicted of racketeering . They 'd been accused of taking part in an effort to raise tests scores at struggling schools by erasing wrong answers and putting in correct answers . Outside of court , Benjamin Davis , the lawyer for Cotman , questioned the judge 's rationale in handing down heavy sentences a few weeks ago . "  I had never seen a judge conduct himself in that way , " he said . "  What was going on with Judge Baxter ? " Davis-Williams said she was pleased judge Baxter changed his mind . Her attorney , Teresa Mann , added , "  We are happy . We are elated that judge Baxter took the opportunity to reflect . " Cotman , Davis-Williams and Pitts , all school reform team executive directors , got the harshest sentences during an April 14 hearing : Seven years in prison , 13 years of probation and $ 25,000 fines . Baxter said of his change of mind : "  I 'm going to put myself out to pasture in the not-too-distant future and I want to be out in the pasture without any regrets . " During the earlier sentencing hearing , Baxter was frustrated when defendants did n't admit their guilt . "  Everybody knew cheating was going on and your client promoted it , " Baxter said to an attorney representing Davis-Williams . At one point he said , "  These stories are incredible . These kids ca n't read . " At a press conference held April 17 , most of the convicted educators insisted they were innocent . "  I did n't cheat . I 'm not a racketeer , " said Diane Buckner-Webb , a former elementary teacher . All defendants sentenced to prison have appealed and are out on bond . The lower prison sentences given to other defendants -- ranging from one to two years -- have not been reduced . Prosecutors said the cheating is believed to date back to 2001 , when scores on statewide aptitude tests improved greatly , according to a 2013 indictment . The indictment also states that for at least four years , between 2005 and 2009 , test answers were altered , fabricated or falsely certified . Michael Bowers , a former Georgia attorney general who investigated the cheating scandal , said in 2013 that there were "  cheating parties , " erasures in and out of classrooms , and teachers were told to make changes to student answers on tests . Bowers said he heard that educators cheated out of pride , to earn bonuses , to enhance their careers or to keep their jobs . Of 35 Atlanta educators indicted in 2013 , more than 20 took a plea deal . Twelve educators went on trial six months ago , with 11 convicted and one acquitted on April 1 . Of the 11 convicted , two took a deal in which they admitted guilt , waived their right to appeal and received much lighter sentences . One defendant was giving birth during the sentencing phase not been sentenced . On Thursday , Baxter urged the defendants to engage in community service while they 're appealing . He said that might lighten the punishment if the convictions are upheld . The judge said he was tired of dealing with the Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal , which he referred to as "  this mess . " "  I 'm ready to move on . So , anyway , adios , " Baxter said , and ended the hearing .	"  I had never seen a judge conduct himself in that way , " defendant 's lawyer says A judge reduces prison sentences for 3 educators in the Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal "  I 'm not comfortable with it , " Judge Jerry Baxter said of the original longer sentences
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at Sao Paulo Fashion Week on Wednesday night in an emotional farewell to the runway . Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk , though not the fashion industry . The 34-year-old , who is married to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and has two children , has said she wants to spend more time with her family . On Wednesday night , Brady had a front-row seat at what was hailed as a historic moment in Brazil 's fashion world . Bundchen wrote about her fashion career on her Instagram account : "  I am grateful that at 14 , I was given the opportunity to start this journey . Today after 20 years in the industry , it is a privilege to be doing my last fashion show by choice and yet still be working in other facets of the business . "	Gisele Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday night in Brazil The supermodel announced her retirement from runway modeling over the weekend She plans to continue working in other facets of the industry
Sometimes geography gets in the way of power politics . Just when you thought that Ukraine was miles away from Syria , bang -- you find out that they 're actually bordering each other . Confused ? I bet you are . But here 's the deal : the civil war in Ukraine , which most sensible people tend to classify these days as a direct stand-off between Russia and the U.S. , is now having a direct impact on the conflict in Syria . The so-called "  Islamic State "  ISIS  -- it 's better to keep it in quotation marks and add "  so-called , " so as not to give these terrorists legitimacy -- has emerged as a force that has created a so-called caliphate and vows to spread its borders way beyond Syria and Iraq , where it is currently operating . Russia is supporting President Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria , while America and its allies are backing the anti-government rebels there -- some of whom have at some point developed into ISIS and started to get all sorts of crazy ideas . Since it is Assad 's troops who are actually doing the fighting on the ground against ISIS and since it so happens that this new menace is now the number one target of America , it follows that Ukraine is very close to Syria when it comes to international power-play . This week , out of the blue , the already-disbanded Ukrainian parliament voted to provide special status for Donetsk and Lugansk -- the two rebellious regions in eastern Ukraine -- offering them autonomy for three years and allowing them to hold their own elections for their local authorities , in addition to offering an amnesty for people who have not been directly involved in fighting Ukrainian government troops . Initially this was received with caution in Moscow -- especially given what has been going on for the past nine months in Ukraine -- but if that is not a signal from Barack Obama that he is ready to play ball with Russia , then I do n't know what is . The view in Moscow is that the Obama Administration is telling the Kremlin that it needs help in dealing with ISIS . But as it ca n't just say it publicly , it is using Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to do the honors . I am told that the initial reaction in the Kremlin to Obama 's plan to fight ISIS was not exactly a kind one . The suspicion was that Washington , together with its allies , was planning to use the campaign against ISIS in Syria to dispose of Assad through the back door , so to speak . An anti-terrorist operation targeted at ISIS "  gets out of control " and all sorts of wrong targets get hit , like , say , Syrian army positions . One thing leads to another and , lo and behold , we have Assad going down the route of Colonel Gadhafi , and Syria descends into the same kind of chaos that is now gripping Libya . But after the "  border " between Ukraine and Syria emerged all of a sudden , that attitude is changing . But the broad anti-ISIS coalition that Obama is hoping to build is not exactly shaping up as planned . Turkey is openly hesitant to get involved , and the Saudis are not exactly over the moon with the whole concept . So Obama 's best bet to get the ball rolling , as it is now seen from Moscow , would be to discreetly work with Russia . Although it may be tempting for Washington to overthrow Assad , such a move could backfire on the White House , giving ISIS a boost instead of a kick and turning those pesky U.S. midterm elections into a total nightmare for the Democrats .  Incidentally , Russian experts believe that Obama will lose the Senate and will being to resemble a late-term Bill Clinton , who improved his golf swing dramatically in his last years in office .  So it made sense for Washington to wave the white flag -- albeit a very small one -- at the expense of the Ukrainian regime in Kiev , in order to signal to the Kremlin that it is time to do some business together . Russian President Vladimir Putin has his own plan for Syria . Sergey Lavrov , his top diplomat , has made a point of stressing the point that without the Syrian regime on board , any attempt to defeat ISIS wo n't work . A similar scenario to the one that had been used to prevent the U.S. bombing Syria last year is shaping up nicely in Moscow . Russia will ask the U.S. to cooperate with Assad in the battle against ISIS , without the Syrian President having to fear that he might be bumped off along the way . The hawks in Washington might not like this script , but hey , stranger things have happened in power politics in the past . What will Putin ask for in return for helping to defeat ISIS ? That 's the question that is probably being mulled over in the White House as you read this . Well , it just so happens that sorting out the mess in eastern Ukraine is Putin 's personal project -- just like Syria was last year . He will want some sort of guarantee that Kiev will stick to the new deal about the special status of Donetsk and Lugansk which should help calm things down in the eastern provinces , at least until next spring . That would be a deal that the Kremlin would consider worthwhile . But the funniest thing of all is that the "  broad coalition " Obama proposed may never see the light of day -- and at that point , the only countries that will actually be able to help the U.S. fight ISIS would be Iraq , Iran , Syria and Russia , with the latter mostly providing the weaponry to the Syrians . Which is not really all that surprising if you consider how closely Ukraine and Syria are intertwined . READ MORE : Opinion : Should U.S. arm Ukraine ? READ MORE : Map reveals ISIS ' government structure	Former Kremlin adviser says Obama may be ready to deal with Putin on ISIS Nekrassov : The crises in Ukraine and Syria are closely linked Nekrassov : Moscow thinks Obama is telling the Kremlin that it needs help on ISIS
CNN  -- As the Formula One caravan geared up for the penultimate race of the season at Sao Paulo in Brazil , the wheels have finally ground to halt for one of the sport 's 11 teams . Unable to race in last weekend 's U.S. Grand Prix in Austin after sliding into administration , Marussia has folded with the loss of approximately 200 jobs after administrators failed to find new investors . "  It goes without saying that it is deeply regrettable that a business with such a great following in British and world motorsport has had to cease trading and close its doors , " said Geoff Rowley , joint administrator and partner at FRP Advisory , in a statement "  While the team made significant progress during its relatively short period of operation , operating a F1 team requires significant ongoing investment . "  Sadly no solution could be achieved to allow for the business to continue in its current form . " Marussia employees have been paid up to the end of the October and FRP promised " to assist staff who have lost their jobs and provide them with the necessary support to submit timely claims to the Redundancy Payments Service . " Earlier in the season Marussia driver Jules Bianchi suffered severe head injuries in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix . He remains in hospital in a critical but stable condition . The F1 season ends in Abu Dhabi on November 23 , but Marussia 's collapse leaves the sport with plenty of questions to answer given the money it costs to run a team .	Formula One team Marussa goes out of business Administrators failed to find investors ; 200 jobs to go Marussia 's collapse highlights F1 's financial problems
One week after Republicans scored massive electoral victories in the House and Senate , the 58 wide-eyed and triumphant House lawmakers-to-be descended upon Washington -- a city many of them campaigned against -- for a crash course on how to be a member of Congress . The dizzying pace of the seven-day congressional freshman orientation has trappings of the first day of college : There 's apartment hunting , a picture day , field trips , an "  office fair , " assemblies , briefings on how to stay out of trouble , an ID card check-in , welcome meetings with leadership and hugs and kisses from loved ones . Some of the members of the new class entered the Capitol for the first time Wednesday night , a structure obscured by rows of grey scaffolding as part of a massive years-long refurbishment project . For the next several days , many will spend time lost in the building 's underground labyrinth of poorly-marked hallways . The men and women of the 114th Congress come from diverse backgrounds : There 's one car salesman , a dentist , a forester , a 9-1-1 dispatcher , a former CIA officer , two Southern Baptist preachers , an economics professor , an electrician , an arms dealer and , as is tradition , a small army of attorneys . Amid the pageantry and high-minded lectures about the value of "  public service , " the incoming lawmakers will spend much of their time dealing with the mundane , such as securing access to new government computers and telephones . They 'll be tasked with ensuring their new offices have copiers and fax machines . According to a copy of the orientation schedule acquired by CNN , members are encouraged to visit the "  New Member Office Fair " where they can get help setting up their new website or choose a carpet-and-wall color scheme for their new office digs . In the basement of the Rayburn House Office Building , Capitol Hill techies will be on hand to demonstrate "  the newest computer and telecommunications equipment . " Meanwhile , the House portrait studio will provide official congressional photos -- the cost will be billed to their "  Members ' Representational Allowance " -- and delivered on compact disk . On Wednesday night , the members-elect began a dizzying schedule of briefings , starting with a "  sneak peek into Leadership , Steering and Being a Freshman " for the Republican group on Wednesday night and a bi-partisan reception . After that , both parties retreated to their proper corners : Democrats joined Nancy Pelosi for a dinner in Statuary Hall while Republicans attended a forum down the hall . On Thursday morning , the newbies departed their security-heavy hotel on a brisk walk to the Capitol for a four-hour briefing on exciting subjects such as how to properly use their office budget to buy pens . The Friday schedule calls for an hour-long bipartisan breakfast panel entitled "  If I Knew Then What I Know Now " hosted by longstanding members with wisdom to share , followed by tours of the Capitol 's hallowed halls . Freshman orientation comes with Saturday school , where the members-elect will get a whirlwind tour of the "  legislative process , " a subject many seem to struggle to retain . The next week begins with a class photo on the Capitol steps followed by the most important meeting yet : Ethics training . After they 're scared straight at the ethics briefing , it will be time for an inspirational field trip -- for Republicans only . The new GOP class will hop on a bus to the National Archives with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , a California Republican , for a "  private document viewing " of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution . The orientation marathon concludes next Wednesday with a lottery to determine who gets the first crack at office space . A race for the high-rise penthouse this is not : The best real estate on Capitol Hill is actually on the lower floors , which shortens travel between to the House floor for votes . Those unlucky souls assigned to the far corners of Congress ' little empire are reminded that yes , It Gets Better . "  John Kennedy was on the fifth floor , " Michigan Republican Rep. Candice Miller , the chairwoman of the House Administration Committee reminded the freshman on their first day . "  We all start there . " In the meantime , the members-elect will also have a chance to subscribe to their favorite political magazines and newspapers , free of charge . Fun fact : Since 1983 , all congressional offices automatically receive free deliveries of pornography , courtesy of a monthly shipment of Larry Flynt 's Hustler magazine . Once it 's all over , this gang of bewildered and bleary-eyed future lawmakers of America will say goodbye to their new friends and return home for the holidays . They 'll be back in January , when the real fun starts .	New lawmakers are on Capitol Hill They 'll spend several days learning about Congress
CNN  -- Storylines wo n't be lacking entering the final round of golf 's Masters . You have Jordan Spieth , at 20 trying to become the youngest winner at Augusta . Popular Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez , 50 , could become the oldest champion at the event . Sentimental favorite Thomas Bjorn -- he of the collapse at the British Open more than 10 years ago -- remains in contention and Matt Kuchar , like the other three , wants to bag a maiden major . Oh , and we should n't forget Bubba Watson , attempting to win at Augusta for the second time in three years . Those are just a few . Spieth and Watson share the lead at 5-under-par 211 , a shot better than Jonas Blixt and Matt Kuchar and two better than Jimenez and Rickie Fowler . Watson had a three-shot advantage after two rounds . Spieth , a Masters rookie like Blixt , has been solid in all three of his rounds rather than spectacular . His 1-under-par 71 on Thursday was followed by a 70 Friday and another 70 Saturday . He mixed four birdies with two bogeys in the third round . "  This is where I wanted to be , " Spieth told Sky Sports . "  It was a huge goal of mine to put myself in the position to contend at a major championship , and the Masters sticks out in my head as the one tournament to win in my whole life . " "  I 'm trying not to think about that , you try to stay level headed on the golf course and so far so good , but I would n't want to be anywhere else right now . There is still a quarter of the tournament to go but ultimately it would be a dream come true for me . "  I 've dreamed of playing here and of winning here so who knows what can happen tomorrow . " Jimenez struggled Friday with a 76 but was 10 shots better off Saturday , thanks in large part to seven birdies . If he was to win Sunday , Jimenez -- soon to be competing on the Champions Tour -- would surpass Jack Nicklaus as the oldest titlist at Augusta . "  If you are 50 , it does n't mean that you can not play well , " Jimenez told reporters . "  I 'm still moving . I 'm still flexible . "  I hit the ball longer than ever . I 'm not a long hitter necessarily , just a medium hitter . But I still play my irons , when I want to play a fade or draw , high or low , it still happens . I 'm competitive . "  Majors are about patience . Today I was very patient . I have plenty of victories in my career and having a major in my career would be amazing . That would be the flower on top . " Kuchar would have joined Watson and Spieth atop the leaderboard had he not bogeyed the last hole and Bjorn will be ruing three bogeys in his last six holes , although he trails the leaders by merely three shots . Watson could n't match his sizzling Friday display , when he tallied five straight birdies on the difficult back nine . Instead he endured a shaky start , bogeying four holes on the front nine . He held it together thereafter , dropping another shot only at the 16th as part of his 74 . "  I was pumped up , my shots were going further than I was expecting them to , and the greens got firmer , harder and made it difficult , " Watson told Sky Sports . Defending champion Adam Scott slumped into a tie for 16th following his 76 and was overtaken by , among others , American Gary Woodland . Woodland matched a Masters record by hitting a 30 on the front nine . Three bogeys and a double bogey , though , on the back nine left him five shots behind Spieth and Watson .	Jordan Spieth and fellow American Bubba Watson share the lead at the Masters Spieth is trying to become the youngest ever winner at Augusta They lead the U.S. 's Matt Kuchar and Sweden 's Jonas Blixt by a shot Spain 's Miguel Angel Jimenez could become the oldest Masters champion
CNN  -- The New Jersey man who won $ 338 million in the Powerball lottery last weekend is wanted on charges of unpaid child support , according to the Passaic County Sheriff 's Office . An arrest warrant was issued for Pedro Quezada in 2009 , the sheriff 's office said . He has five children ages 5-23 and owes a total of $ 29,000 in back child support , spokesman William Maer said . It is not clear which children the payments are for . Quezada 's son , Casiano , said his father has hired an attorney and is "  working through it . " Man wins Powerball , promises to help others A child support warrant usually results in payment , an installment plan or arrest , Maer said . He declined to comment on the Quezada case because the investigation is ongoing . Every person who wins more than $ 600 in the New Jersey Lottery is checked for outstanding taxes , liens , child support payments and the like , lottery spokeswoman Judith Drucker said . The funds owed are deducted from the winner 's final payment , she said . Quezada has chosen a lump-sum cash jackpot payment that will amount to about $ 152 million after taxes .	New Jersey man has warrant dating to 2009 , sheriff 's office says Pedro Quezada owes $ 29,000 in back child support , officials say His lump-some jackpot payment will be $ 152 million after taxes
New York  CNN  -- The first time I held a premature baby was nearly two decades ago during medical school . The baby weighed just 3 pounds , and I remember being so afraid I might drop her . While I stared into her eyes , it gave me goose bumps . The parents had n't yet given her a name because they worried she would n't survive . The neonatal ICU  NICU  nurses were truly remarkable , taking care of these preemies , and making it all seem so effortless . I do remember the most anxiety-provoking times surrounded the transport of these babies . Even if it was just one floor away , there was a plan laid out with clear communication and a defined role for the half a dozen NICU nurses who would accompany the baby . There was a commander of the transport , and several contingencies for worst-case scenarios . I remember asking one of the nurses , "  What is the safest way to transport this baby ? " Her reply : "  In the womb . " She was right , and if you consider the number of risks to a premature baby , you understand why . The heart rate of tiny babies can suddenly drop , and they can even develop a complete heart block . They require oxygen , but not too much because they are at risk of oxygen toxicity to their lungs . They can barely regulate their temperature , and they have a larger body surface area to mass ratio , which makes the problem even worse . They can lose fluids rapidly , and they do n't yet have glycogen stores in their liver . So , not getting a timely meal could prove fatal . Imagine any of these things happening outside of the ICU , and now compound that by 100 . That is what took place Monday night at NYU 's Langone Medical Center . As you watch the video of these babies being rushed through the streets of New York , you now have a better idea of just how involved all of this really was . At about 10:30 p.m. Monday , with generators failing and widespread internal flooding , hospital staff called the CEO of Mount Sinai , Dr. Kenneth Davis , and asked for help . He immediately approved the transfer of 64 patients , including three mothers in labor and seven newborn babies . One of them was Emma , just 13 days old and weighing only 2 pounds . Emma 's parents were in New Jersey , watching in horror as they learned the hospital was being evacuated . Shortly thereafter , they lost power and had no way of driving back into the city of Manhattan . As a parent myself , that part of their story really got to me the most . They were completely in the dark , stranded and helpless . I met Emma just a few hours after she arrived at Mount Sinai . She was in the NICU , and was perfectly stable . There were lots of tears of joy in the hospital , as families were reunited for the first time . Resilient , was how one of the nurses described little Emma . Still gives me goose bumps .	Transporting premature babies can be anxiety-provoking , Gupta says Their medical needs make them especially fragile Emma was among patients evacuated from NYU Langone Medical Center Gupta says meeting Emma , who is stable , gave him goose bumps
Washington  CNN  -- An Air Force officer who had been in charge of a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assaults made an initial court appearance Thursday on a sexual battery charge but did not enter a plea . Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski , a 1994 graduate of the Air Force Academy who served tours in Iraq and Afghanistan , was arrested Sunday for allegedly grabbing a woman 's buttocks and breasts in a parking lot in Arlington County near the Pentagon . A police report said the unidentified woman fought off her assailant , who appeared intoxicated . After his appearance Thursday , which lasted less than a minute , the 41-year-old officer made no comments to reporters outside the Arlington County Courthouse . He has been removed from his job leading a branch of the Air Force 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response program . Survey indicates troubling trend in military sexual assaults Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Welsh told Congress on Tuesday that Krusinski is a personnel officer by training and had spent the previous 2.5 years working on Air Force staff in policy . After taking the position with the sexual assault prevention unit in February , he underwent training aimed at preparing him for his duties , Air Force spokesman Lt. Col. John Dorrian said . Dorrian said Krusinski 's record was "  exemplary " and contained nothing that would have precluded him from serving with the unit . Krusinski served in Iraq from November 2009 to May 2010 and in Afghanistan from August 2011 to February 2012 , earning five non-combat medals during 19 years of service . Arlington County declined an Air Force request that it allow Krusinski to be prosecuted under the Uniform Code of Military Justice . Commonwealth 's Attorney Theo Stamos said that her office has "  routinely prosecuted members of the military " and would do so in this instance as well . "  The incident occurred in Arlington , not on a military base , " Stamos told CNN . "  In my 26 years , I have never been asked by the government to turn over a member of the military . It does n't make any sense , " Stamos said . Krusinski 's attorney declined comment . The arrest came two days before the Pentagon released a report showing a 6 % increase in reported sexual assault cases within the military in the fiscal year that ended last September 30 . Anonymous survey results collected over a two-year period ending in 2012 indicate that the increase may have been higher than that . President Barack Obama has said he will not tolerate such conduct and urged the Pentagon to step up its prevention efforts . CNN 's Larry Lazo contributed to this report	Lt. Col. Jeffrey Kusinski was arrested over the weekend on a charge of sexual battery His court appearance Thursday lasted less than a minute He did not enter a plea He was branch chief of the Air Force 's Sexual Assault Prevention , Response Program
CNN  -- When it comes to managing in the Premier League , time is a rare commodity . For a club like Newcastle , which has had eight different men lead the club over the past six-and-a-half years , the decision to give Alan Pardew an eight-year deal comes as something of a surprise . Pardew replaced Chris Hughton in December 2010 and signed a five-and-a-half year deal at the club , despite a number of supporters being critical of his appointment . Nearly two years later and he can do little wrong , even the sale of former hero Andy Carroll to Liverpool for $ 57 million failed to dent his popularity too much . Pardew replaces Hughton at Newcastle The contract is the longest to be handed out in recent times to a manager , although Newcastle did give Kevin Keegan a 10-year deal back in 1994 . Keegan lasted just three years on that occasion but the club are hopeful Pardew can continue his good work after being voted as both the Premier League and the League Manager Association 's Manager of the Year . The 51-year-old , who led the his team to a fifth place finish in last season 's Premier League , has impressed at the club following a number of shrewd signings . Yohan Cabaye , Demba Ba and Papiss Cisse have all made a huge impact after joining the Magpies with the club now aiming to continue challenging for a place in European competition . Owner Mike Ashley is not shy of hiring and firing with Sam Allardyce , Kevin Keegan , Joe Kinnear , Alan Shearer and Chris Hughton all given the boot since he took over the club in the summer of 2007 . Now , with a degree of stability , it looks like Newcastle are ready to invest their time and trust in Pardew and his staff . Not only has the club given Pardew a long-term deal , but his entire coaching team have been given similar terms . The club 's managing director , Derek Llambias , makes no secret of his desire to bring a carefully planned project to fruition and follow in the footsteps of some of England 's most successful clubs . Sir Alex Ferguson remains the current longest-serving manger in the English game after taking over at Old Trafford back in November 1986 . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger arrived in north London back in 1996 , while David Moyes is into his 11th season at Everton . And Llambias is keen for Newcastle to follow the blueprint set out by the likes of Arsenal and Manchester United . Ba brace rescues point for Newcastle against Everton He said : "  If you look at clubs like Manchester United and Arsenal , Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger have shown that stability gives you the best platform to achieve success and that is the model we wish to emulate here . "  We are looking to build on the success we had last season and these new contracts are aimed at keeping the club progressing on and off the pitch , as we have done since returning to the Premier League in 2010 . "  Alan has done a fantastic job over the last couple of years and has proved what a great Premier League manager he is . "  I have total respect for him in all football matters and have an excellent relationship with him which I think benefits the club enormously . "	Alan Pardew signs new eight-year deal with Newcastle Club also hand out long-term deals to coaching staff Pardew led the club to a fifth place finish last season Newcastle has had eight different managers in past six-and-a-half-years
Western Cape , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africa has an energy deficit on its hands . Too many people want fuel for their cars and electricity for their homes , and the country is struggling to keep up with demand . To help ease this perceived crisis the big companies want to start drilling for natural gas using a controversial drilling technique called fracking . Under the plans the drilling will be done in one of the most remote and beautiful places in South Africa , the Karoo . Fracking has caused controversy and protests across the globe , and South Africa is no exception . To release the natural gas the companies drill down and sideways into a rock called shale , and pump large quantities of water and other chemicals to release the gas . Anti-fracking campaigners warn that this could have an irrevocable impact on this semi-desert region . Jonathan Deal has written a book on the Karoo and he is now leading the campaign against fracking . "  It is a special place , it is irreplaceable " he told CNN , just outside the town of Sutherland in the Karoo . "  My concern is that we would make decisions chasing fossil fuels in this country where this generation is making a decision that is going to affect unborn generations who would not be happy about it , when we should perhaps be pursuing renewable energies or looking at different energy mixes . " Muna Lakhani from Earthlife Africa warns that water in the area could become contaminated as a result of fracking . "  The chances of damaging aquifers is very high and South Africa is a water scarce country , " he told CNN in Cape Town . "  The Karoo happens to be the driest part of our country so to threaten our water supply with a system that uses massive amounts of water that can never be cleaned up , that contains toxic chemicals , seems to be insanity of the first order , " he added . Read more : Explain to me : Fracking Shell South Africa , one of the main companies lobbying to begin fracking , denies there is any "  insanity . " Bonang Mohale , the company 's chairman , told CNN 's Robyn Curnow , that : "  It is possible to have responsible fracking with respect to the environment and to the people of the Karoo . " "  The first commitment that we made was never to compete with the people of the Karoo for their water needs in this pristine and ecologically sensitive area so we , in the initial stages , certainly when we drill the first well , bring portable water in from outside . " "  The risks to the environment are well understood , well articulated and I think they can be totally and utterly mitigated , especially the issues of water contamination , the aquifers , and the scarcity of water . " Sutherland is a small town on the edge of the area that could be affected by fracking . It is so small you can stand on one side of the town and see straight down the main road to the other side . But despite its literal size , it has a big reputation because of its internationally recognized astronomical observatory . Tourists and scientists flock here but even so , the place is quiet . Jurgens Wagener runs a bed and breakfast in Sutherland and every evening he takes his guests into the Karoo to see the bright canopy of stars . He acknowledges that the town needs jobs but he is worried about the long term impact of fracking on his community . "  In the ten years we have been here I can say that it developed very much into a tourist attraction . We are just very concerned that if fracking does take place , there might be a boom for a very short period but what is it going to be like after that ? " According to a recent report by a South African think tank , paid for by Shell , the whole of South Africa and towns like Sutherland will get an economic boost if fracking goes ahead . "  The successful development of the shale gas reserves would result in approximately $ 11 billion to $ 30 billion contribution to the South African GDP " , Rob Jeffrey from Econometrix told CNN . "  In South African terms that is between three and 10 % of South Africa 's GDP , it is enormous . By the same token there would be a significant impact on employment . " But others believe Econometrix 's employment figures have been exaggerated . See also : Fracking in New York : Risk vs. Reward "  The aspect of the report that I most disagree with deals with the jobs numbers " , Peet Du Plooy , an economist with the Trade and Industrial Policy Strategies told CNN . "  The report cites 700,000 jobs , which is more jobs than the entire mining sector combined . I can understand the motivation to cite such a high number but I do n't think it is realistic . " In America , the debate over fracking is just as fractured . In Ohio there have been accusations that fracking causes earthquakes and water has become so contaminated that it can be set on fire . In France protests by anti-fracking campaigners and some politicians has resulted in the drilling technique being banned altogether . Campaigners in South Africa argue that the lack of international and scientific consensus on the economic benefits and environmental impact of fracking mean it should not be allowed in the Karoo . Shell argues that they are pushing for fracking to begin because they want a new source of energy to help solve the country 's energy crisis . "  We are up to solving the vexing challenge that South Africa has and that challenge is that of the 50 million South Africans , 20 % of this population has absolutely no access to energy whatsoever , " Bonang Mohale , Shell South Africa 's Chairman told CNN . "  That 's 10 million South Africans , " he continued . "  They are the ones that have been busy chopping down our forests just to heat themselves and to cook and we are saying the case for gas is absolutely compelling because gas is much better as far as the environment is concerned than coal-fired power stations . " The South African government has stopped licensing for fracking while it studies all the arguments . The fate of the Karoo , South Africa 's most fragile landscape , could be decided by the end of March .	Energy companies plan to start drilling for natural gas to help ease energy deficit in South Africa . Campaigners say fracking , the drilling technique could damage environment irrevocably Shell South Africa is one of the main companies lobbying to begin fracking Shell says it will bring economic benefits and help ease South Africa 's energy crisis .
CNN  -- Online social networking site Twitter said Thursday it will begin deleting users ' tweets in countries that require it -- but it will still keep those deleted tweets visible to the rest of the world . The move is significant because , until now , the only way Twitter could comply with countries ' limits was to remove the content globally . Twitter said it will now delete tweets only "  reactively " and on a case-by-case basis and will let the affected user know why the content is being withheld . "  We hold freedom of expression in high esteem and work hard not to remove Tweets , " Twitter spokeswoman Jodi Olson wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  And just to be clear , this is not a change in philosophy and there are still countries to which we will not go , " she said . As examples of countries where tweets may have to be restricted , Twitter mentioned Germany and France , which ban pro-Nazi content . Twitter will operate in those countries while censoring pro-Nazi tweets , for example . But some countries are so restrictive with freedom of expression that Twitter ca n't exist there at all , the company said . "  One of our core values as a company is to defend and respect each user 's voice , " Twitter wrote in a blog entry Thursday . "  We try to keep content up wherever and whenever we can , and we will be transparent with users when we ca n't . The Tweets must continue to flow . " But one observer said the move is blatant censorship . "  There 's no way around that . But alas , Twitter is not above the law , " according to Jillian York , the director for international freedom of expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which defends free speech and privacy online . York said she acknowledges that Twitter , like other companies hosting user-generated content , has at some point faced a government order or request to take down content . "  Twitter has two options in the event of a request : fail to comply , and risk being blocked by the government in question , or comply  read : censor  . And if they have ` boots on the ground , ' so to speak , in the country in question ? No choice , " she wrote . The company is simply "  doing its best in a tough situation , " she said . CNN 's Augie Martin contributed to this report .	Twitter says the move will be on a case-by-case basis It will still make the tweets visible to the rest of the world Users will be notified if their tweets are deleted One observer calls it censorship
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran plans a ceremony to launch a controversial nuclear power plant Monday , the country 's government-backed Press TV reported , making it the first nation in the Middle East to put a civilian nuclear power plant online . The Bushehr nuclear plant was connected to the national energy grid on September 3 , the country 's Atomic Energy Organization announced the following day . Iran 's Foreign Minister , Ali Akbar Salehi , said Sunday that Iran was committed to nuclear non-proliferation and international atomic energy standards , Press TV reported . Russian Energy Minister Sergei Shmatko , whose country helped build Bushehr and who appeared with Salehi , said the plant was built to international standards and under the supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency , according to Press TV . Days before the plant was connected to the grid , the IAEA cited increasing concerns that Iran may be developing nuclear weapons . The United Nations nuclear watchdog said in a report that Iran continues to defy U.N. resolutions aimed at curbing its nuclear program . Iran denies that it aims to build nuclear weapons . The Bushehr plant -- which is civilian , not military -- joined the national grid with a capacity of 60 megawatts , the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran said on its website September 4 . The plant is expected to produce 1,000 megawatts of electricity when fully operational , about 2.5 percent of Iran 's current electricity consumption , according to the IAEA . Iran began the Bushehr plant in 1975 , before the revolution that created the current Islamic republic . The IAEA lists no other nuclear plants under construction in the region , though several other Middle Eastern countries have taken steps toward nuclear power . Journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Bushehr is the first civilian nuclear power plant operating in the Middle East It was connected to the grid September 3 An IAEA report cites increasing concerns Iran may be developing nuclear weapons Bushehr is a civilian plant , not a nuclear one
CNN  -- Ethiopia 's prime minister is "  recovering well , " a spokesman said Wednesday , amid frenzied speculation about the health of the usually visible leader , who has not appeared in public for two months . Prime Minister Meles Zenawi , 57 , came to power two decades ago and is considered a strong force in the frequently volatile horn of Africa . He has not appeared in public since June , and the secretive nation has released little information about his whereabouts , prompting rumors and opposition claims that he is dead or facing a life-threatening illness . After weeks of speculation , the government held a news conference last month and announced he got treatment for an unspecified illness . Zenawi is "  recovering well , resting and performing his duties as prime minister and head of state , " government spokesman Bereket Simon reiterated Wednesday . He declined to give exact details on Zenawi 's whereabouts or the nature of his illness . His absence has been a hot topic in the nation , with bloggers launching a counter of the number of days he 's been missing . Citizens have taken to social media to discuss his whereabouts and exchange conspiracy theories . Searches for Zenawi are at their highest since 2004 , according to Google trends . "  Ethiopians are a bit confused , " said Endalk Hailemichael , 30 , of Addis Ababa . "  In Ethiopia , there are traditions of secrecy and hiding the whereabouts of leaders . People are afraid , there is a lot of uncertainty looming . A lot of rumors and unclear information going on . " Hailemichael said the disappearance has sparked a lot of questions , including who would succeed him in case of a power vacuum . But most people are discussing it with fear of repercussions , he said . CNN reached several people in the nation who expressed their concerns about his whereabouts , but did not want to be quoted for fear of retribution . "  People are afraid to talk about it . This is a police state , " Hailemichael said . "  They are talking about it , but they are looking over their shoulders . In bars , in taxis , coffee shops , that 's all people are talking about . But they are afraid . " His absence was more evident last month when Ethiopia hosted an African Union summit in its capital of Addis Ababa . Zenawi , a key player in talks on the tensions between Sudan and its rival neighbor South Sudan , did not attend . "  Some people are worried , some people are crying , " said Jomanex Kassaye , 30 , who lives near Addis Ababa . "  While some people are worried about the instability that might occur ... others are happy that he may be gone . " Kassaye said , while he is not a fan of the leader , he wants him to leave through a democratic process . "  I need him to go because there is no democracy , no freedom of speech , no food , no justice , no accountability , " he said . "  But not like this . If he leaves like this , we will have another dictator who will take over power and stay for too long . " Ethiopia , which is a key Western ally often lauded for effective use of aid money , is surrounded by unstable nations such as Somalia and Sudan . Zenawi has been credited with working toward peace and security in the region . The Ethiopian army has sent peacekeepers to battle Islamic extremist group Al-Shabaab in Somalia . More recently , the prime minister was working to broker a peace deal in the negotiations between Sudan and South Sudan , which split last year but still have unresolved issues . In an attempt to quash the rumors , the government censored a newspaper that tried to report information about his health , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . "  This weekend , the government ordered the state-run printing company not to produce the latest edition of the weekly Feteh , which was to have carried front-page coverage of Zenawi 's condition , " the media advocacy group said on its website . Zenawi , a former guerrilla leader , is part of a group that toppled dictator Haile Mengustu Mariam in 1991 . The shrewd politician is credited with economic progress and maintaining peace in the nation surrounded by volatile countries . However , human rights groups have accused his government of a heavy hand and a series of abuses , including limiting press freedoms and cracking down on opposition political parties . Last year , Ethiopia found two Swedish journalists guilty of supporting terrorism and sentenced them to 11 years .	Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has not appeared in public since June A government spokesman says he is recovering after undergoing treatment The spokesman declines to specify his location or the nature of his illness Rumors swirl as the opposition claims that he is dead
CNN  -- There 's a post-9 / 11 atmosphere in Kingston , Jamaica , local residents say , after a failed police assault on the stronghold of a suspected drug kingpin wanted by the United States . "  The daytime really is n't a problem , but the night can be . Your rights are reduced after 6 p.m. . The police can stop you for virtually any reason . It 's a similar situation to after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks in the United States , " one Kingston florist told CNN . "  I would n't say I 'm afraid , " said the woman , who asked that neither she nor her shop be named . But , she said , "  You do n't know exactly what is happening . " "  You are more cautious because you know what 's going on , but it 's not like you ca n't come out of your home . ... It 's not like you ca n't go out , but it could be more of a hassle if you do , " she said . Police moved earlier this week to arrest Christopher "  Dudus " Coke , a suspected drug lord . They were met with violence that has left at least 29 people dead , including police , a soldier and many civilians . The government said Wednesday that more than 500 people were in custody . Some people , however , were attempting to get back to business on Wednesday . "  I think by now most people have started to get over the initial shock , " iReporter Jason Alliman told CNN in an e-mail . "  Most schools are in session , exams are still being held , businesses have started to reopen . People are still a little tense about the whole situation , but I think that 's due more to uncertainty about what will happen next than -LSB- the -RSB- actual threat of violence . " But the florist believes the violence could go on for weeks . "  That 's unnerving because everything 's being drawn to a standstill . Business was already bad before this because of the recession . Now it 's come to a standstill , " she told CNN by phone from Kingston . The florist said she thinks the government could have moved sooner against Coke , possibly avoiding the situation it now finds itself in . "  The government 's trying to fix the problem , but it did n't have to reach this point . They could have dealt with this earlier , " she said . At the moment , the violence seems mostly to have passed , but many people still do not dare to go out , they said . One resident of nearby Port Royal said by telephone that people are staying out of Kingston -- even failing to show up for work or school -- because they do not want to get caught in violence . "  I ca n't venture to town . I have business that I need to take care of , " said the man , adding that there are no banks in Port Royal . The man said that at the restaurant where he works , business is down "  99 percent for the past four days , " since the violence began . People can get essentials in Port Royal , but many go into Kingston to shop , he said , declining to give his name . At St. Andrews High School for Girls in Kingston , a spokeswoman said the school was open , but that most teachers and students had not showed up . Alliman , who lives in Red Hills , St. Andrew , outside the city , wrote that he went out to give blood Tuesday , and "  even well into the evening when I was returning home , I was n't overly anxious about being on Red Hills Road , where a lot of shooting had been taking place only a couple days ago . " Some restaurants on the road were still open as he was driving past about 6:30 or 7 p.m. , he said . Alliman on Monday submitted an iReport photo taken from his balcony showing smoke rising from a fire in Kingston . He said he had n't left home on Wednesday , but "  at the very least I have n't heard any more gunshots from here . " Violet Dias , an American citizen from New York , said Tuesday she was locked down in her home in Kingston 's Tivoli Gardens neighborhood because of the violence . "  They shot up the front of my house , " she said . Police had taken her nephew and grandson for questioning , she said . "  We did not have any -LSB- electricity -RSB- yesterday , but it came back . We have no food , " she said . "  We ca n't get anything to eat . " Dias , an amputee and an asthmatic , is due to return to the United States on June 14 , she said . The manager of a food distribution company said his business was weathering the upheaval and that things were "  getting back to normal . " "  Right now it 's pretty calm ... But people -- especially yesterday -- mostly were cautious and taking the necessary precautions , " he said by phone , asking that his name not be used . He said there 's been a "  mixed response " to the government 's handling of the situation . But , he said , most people "  want the security forces to do what they have to do . "	Situation similar to after 9/11 attacks on U.S. one Kingston resident says "  You do n't know what 's happening , " local woman says People unable to get to banks , shops , for fear of violence Situation calming , but residents still taking precautions
CNN  -- Minnesota 's House of Representatives passed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage , putting the Midwestern state in line to become the 12th nationwide to take that step . Rep. Karen Clark of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party of Minnesota sponsored the bill , which passed Thursday night by a vote of 75-59 . Supporters celebrated on the steps of the state capitol after the vote , chanting , "  Thank you , thank you . " The bill will now go to the Senate , where local news reports say it is expected to pass . Gov. Mark Dayton has said he would sign it into law , according to local news website MinnPost . On May 2 , Rhode Island became the 10th state to legalize same-sex marriage . Five days later , it was the turn of Delaware , which became the 11th state to sign same-sex marriage into law . The same-sex marriage debate has polarized the United States . In March , a divided Supreme Court heard arguments over the legality of two marriage laws -- the federal Defense of Marriage Act , which defines marriage as between one man and one woman , and California 's Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage . The nine justices hinted at disparate views on the hot-button issue , and it was far from clear how they will rule . A decision is expected in June . Other nations around the world are also grappling with the issue . Among them is France , where lawmakers passed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage and adoption last month despite vocal protests from conservatives . Opponents have filed a legal challenge and the bill has not yet been signed into law by the president .	Minnesota 's House passes a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage The bill must still pass the state Senate and go to the governor before it becomes law Its passage would make Minnesota the 12th state to legalize same-sex marriage
The body of one of the two men accused of pulling off the Boston Marathon attack has been buried in rural Virginia -- a development that local officials said caught them totally "  off guard . " Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's remains were accepted "  by an interfaith coalition in that community -- they responded to our calls , " his uncle Ruslan Tsarni , of Maryland , told CNN . The body was buried in an unmarked grave in a Muslim cemetery in Doswell , Virginia , according to Tsarni . "  My tradition was that of a Muslim , and I have that tradition of burial , and people helped me with that , " he said in a phone interview . The death certificate released by Massachusetts authorities indicates that Tsarnaev , whose cause of death was listed as gunshot wounds and "  blunt trauma to  his  head and torso , " was interred at Al-Barzakh Muslim Cemetery in Doswell , which is about 25 minutes north of Richmond in a rural county of about 30,000 people . While the news came out Friday , Bukhari Abdel-Alim from the Islamic Funeral Services of Richmond said Tsarnaev was actually buried the previous morning . Speaking Friday from the cemetery , which his organization owns , Abdel-Alim said there was "  no intention to ... make anybody angry , " but that he and others felt obligated to do what "  God says to do " by putting Tsarnaev 's "  body back into the earth . " "  It 's not a political thing  but  he ca n't bury himself , " said Abdel-Alim , adding his only regret was that Tsarnaev "  was n't buried sooner . " " ... Whether he was Christian , Muslim , Jewish , atheist , when you 're dead you need to be buried or taken care of , not just left in a funeral home . " Police in Worcester , Massachusetts , had announced Thursday a "  courageous and compassionate individual came forward " to take Tsarnaev 's remains out of Worcester , where the body had been at a funeral home while Tsarni and officials tried to determine what to do with it . The chairman of the Caroline County , Virginia , board of supervisors , Floyd W. Thomas , said Friday afternoon he could n't then confirm or deny that Tsarnaev is buried in his county and that he had n't seen the death certificate . As he pointed out , "  standard practice " is that local officials are not notified that a burial is taking place . According to Thomas and county Sheriff Tony Lippa , neither they or any other officials in the county knew about plans to bury Tsarnaev in that area . They were not consulted , nor did they provide permission for such a burial to happen , said Thomas . At the least , he later told CNN , county officials "  would have preferred to be in a position to ... prepare for it a little better . " News of Tsarnaev 's burial in the county upset residents like Rhonda Richardson , who said she thinks the body should have been taken to where his parents are in southern Russia . "  He killed Americans on American soil , therefore he should n't be buried here , " she told CNN . At Friday 's press conference , Thomas acknowledged residents ' concerns and said "  I understand how you feel , and I feel the same way . " He said Caroline County does not want to be associated with such a "  terrible crime " that took place more than 500 miles away , even though Tsarnaev has "  no ties to Caroline County . " "  We do not wish to be the home of the remains of one of those perpetrators , " he said . Lippa , the county 's sheriff , said members of Virginia Attorney General Kenneth Cuccinelli 's office are also looking into the matter "  to make sure all legalities were being followed . " But unless something was n't done right -- in which case , Thomas said , "  we would look into undoing what happened " -- officials ' hands are tied , he said . "  As long as everything was done legally , there 's really very little that we can do , " Thomas said . Officials were also concerned about securing the private cemetery against possible trespassing protesters or those who might attempt to deface the grave site . While a sheriff 's deputy was stationed there Friday , officials said the county does not have money set aside to provide security . It 's all a headache that Thomas , for one , never saw coming . "  Of all the localities in the United States , this was probably the last one we would have thought of , " he said . What would happen to the body of the man who , along with his younger brother , Dzhokhar , was accused of setting off two deadly explosions at the Boston Marathon on April 15 had been a nearly month-long puzzle . The body of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , killed in a police pursuit days after the bombings , went unclaimed for nearly two weeks . A funeral home in Worcester -- about 40 miles west of downtown Boston -- eventually accepted the remains . But protesters in Worcester made it clear they did n't want the body buried there , with one holding a sign that read , "  Bury the garbage in the landfill . " And the city manager of Cambridge , Massachusetts , where Tsarnaev lived , said he would not allow Tsarnaev to be buried in the city , asserting that possible protests and media coverage would disrupt the community . It also appeared that sending the body overseas was an unlikely option -- Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's parents in the Russian region of Dagestan said they would not fly his body back to Russia for burial , citing passport problems , spokeswoman Heda Saratova said . In a press release issued Friday , the Islamic Society of Greater Richmond said that a "  private Virginia citizen " and licensed counselor named Martha Mullen "  quietly coordinated efforts to resolve the problem of where to bury Tsarnaev 's remains . " That included e-mails exchanged with representatives of the church she belonged to , as well as local Muslim , Jewish and Hindu representatives . She contacted Worcester police "  after receiving an offer of a burial plot from the administration of the Islamic Funeral Services of Virginia , " the society said . Mullen also talked with her local pastor about the moral implications of her spearheading the effort . "  Jesus tells us , ` Love your enemies , ' " she said , according to the Islamic Society . "  Not to hate them , even after they are dead . " Abdel-Alim , who is vice president of the Islamic Funeral Services of Virginia and attended Thursday 's burial , stressed Friday "  there is no agreement with  Tsarnaev 's  actions , whatsover , in any form or fashion . " At the same time , he said "  somebody needed to take responsibility . " "  We were able to do so , and that 's what we did , " he said . Tsarnaev 's mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , appeared confused by Thursday 's announcement from Worcester police . Speaking to CNN from Russia by phone Thursday evening , Zubeidat Tsarnaev said she did n't know whether her son was buried or where . Tsarni -- who was the main point of contact over what to do with Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's remains , according to Abdel-Alim -- said Friday that he called his nephew 's father Thursday "  to give him an update , but I did not tell him where he was buried . " "  He did n't even ask me , " Tsarni said . Zubeidat Tsarnaev told CNN in late April that her husband could n't travel to the United States , saying he was too ill . She said she eventually would be interested in heading to the United States to see her younger son , despite pending shoplifting charges against her in Massachusetts , where she once lived . Tsarni said Friday he was "  completely outraged that  the parents  have not been here for their children . " "  My assumption is that they must be here , just to help with the investigation at least , " Tsarni said .	"  It 's not a political thing  but  he ca n't bury himself , " an Islamic group official says The death certificate says Tsarnaev is buried at Al-Barzakh Muslim Cemetery in Virginia A Christian woman spearheaded the effort to find a burial site , Islamic group says Local officials say they were n't consulted , though that 's "  standard practice " for burials
CNN  -- Georgian authorities foiled an attempted army mutiny that they believe was designed to disrupt planned NATO exercises in the former Soviet republic , the country 's interior ministry said Tuesday . Georgian troops take part in military exercises in January . They are to participate in NATO maneuvers this week . About 500 troops at a military base outside the capital , Tbilisi , were involved in the rebellion , said Interior Ministry spokesman Shota Utiashvili . He said it was quickly brought under control , and the government reported a few hours later that the base was calm . Initial investigations suggest that Russia , Georgia 's northern neighbor and former ruler , may have had a hand in the mutiny , Utiashvili said . Russia denied involvement in the incident . "  Tbilisi has pulled yet another anti-Russian prank . ... This is not the first time we are so vocally blamed for interfering . It is typical that each time the charges become more ridiculous , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement . Utiashvili claimed that Georgia had secret recordings of the mutineers saying they had "  full Russian support . " "  We know Russia is against the planned NATO exercises in Georgia . We know they have increased the troops at the border . We do n't have 100 percent evidence right now , because the investigation is ongoing , " he said . But , he added , until the investigation is complete , officials wo n't point a finger at Russia . On Tuesday afternoon , Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili called on Russia to stop "  provocative maneuvers " in Georgia , according to Georgia 's English-language Prime News . Russia and Georgia fought a five-day war in August over the breakaway Georgian province of South Ossetia , the first time Russia sent troops abroad in anger since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 . NATO is expected to launch month-long military exercises this week in Georgia . The move has angered Russia , which accused the alliance of "  muscle-flexing . " "  All kinds of things have been said , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said . "  But it has never before been claimed that Russia is trying to overthrow the Georgian government with the help of the Georgian armed forces . In this regard , we once again reiterate that Russia does not interfere in the internal affairs of Georgia on principle . We do not believe in scripts imposed from the outside . " NATO said it had no comment on the incident because it did not independently confirm the event . However , a NATO spokeswoman in Brussels said Tuesday that exercises planned for Wednesday are "  still on " and that "  nothing has changed " after the attempted mutiny . "  The timing chosen by Tbilisi for its latest action is telling : the day before the start of NATO exercises in Georgia , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said . "  We strongly warned our partners that the exercises were absolutely inappropriate in the current highly charged atmosphere within Georgia and the region . Our warnings were not heeded . " Georgia 's Utiashvili said the rebelling soldiers were heard saying they were "  unhappy with the political situation in the country . " One person was arrested , and authorities are looking for another in connection with the attempted mutiny , Georgia 's Ministry of Internal Affairs said . The person in custody , Gia Ghvaladze , served as a major in the Special Forces Department at the now-disbanded Ministry of State Security , Georgian officials said . He is being held on charges of organizing a military mutiny . In an undercover tape released by Georgian officials , a man is heard saying , "  Russians will come . About 5,000 men , two battalions . Can you imagine ? Five thousand men . Do you know how big this is ? " CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the tape , but the Georgian government said it implicates Ghvaladze . Authorities said they are looking for the second man , Koba Otanadze , who is wanted for his role in organizing the mutiny . Otanadze helped lead a military mutiny at the same base in May 2001 , the Ministry of Internal Affairs said . A third person -- Zaza Mushkudiani , the head of the Georgian ranger battalion -- was also being investigated , the ministry said , but it was unclear whether he was in custody . NATO is expected to launch month-long military exercises this week in Georgia . The move has angered Russia , Georgia 's neighbor to the north , which accused the alliance of "  muscle-flexing . " Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov postponed his trip to Brussels , Belgium , for the ministerial meeting of the NATO-Russia Council because of the planned NATO exercises , Lavrov told the Itar-Tass news agency . In April , Saakashvili vowed to remain in office until his term ends , defying calls by anti-government protesters that he step down . Up to 60,000 demonstrators took to the streets , blaming the president for leading the country with Russia and plunging it into a political crisis . They also were angry about rising poverty in the country . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Nunu Japaridze contributed to this report .	NEW : Georgian authorities release recording of man saying "  Russia will come " Russia denies involvement , accuses Tbilisi of "  yet another anti-Russian prank " Authorities believe mutiny intended to disrupt NATO exercises this week in Georgia Russia says it disagrees with NATO plans to conduct exercises
CNN  Saudi special forces assisted Yemeni fighters targeting Houthis and their allies in Aden , a Saudi source told CNN . The special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles "  coordinating and guiding " the battle against Houthi forces and fighters loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh , the source said . They also have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment . Houthi rebels , meanwhile , withdrew from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of Aden following heavy Saudi airstrikes , according to the source . The withdrawal signaled a reversal from rebel gains the previous day , when Houthi forces seized the presidential palace . President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi , who fled the country last month , had stayed for a period of time after Houthis secured control of the capital , Sanaa , in January . Houthis had controlled most large districts in Aden amid ongoing clashes . The latest action heats up an already intense conflict that could have ramifications across the Middle East . If the Saudi-led coalition of nine countries takes the fight to the ground in Yemen , the consequences could be severe . Houthis are battle-hardened guerrilla fighters and could cross into Saudi Arabia . They 've already threatened suicide bomb attacks inside Saudi Arabia . Yemen , already the home base to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , teeters on the brink of becoming a failed state and an even more fertile breeding ground for extremism . The United Nations , citing reports from humanitarian partners , said 519 people have been killed and nearly 1,700 others wounded in the past two weeks . Tens of thousands of people have fled their homes and sought refuge in Djibouti and Somalia , Valerie Amos , under-secretary-general and emergency relief coordinator , said in a statement . Two humanitarian workers were killed Friday in Yemen . The brothers working for the local branch of the Yemen Red Crescent Society were shot in Aden while evacuating wounded people to a waiting ambulance , the International Committee of the Red Cross reported . They were identified as Khaled Ahmed Bahuzaim and Mohammed Ahmed Bahuzaim . Two Saudi border guards were killed Friday after an exchange of fire with Houthi rebels along the kingdom 's frontier with Yemen , officials told CNN . A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants , the Saudi Press Agency reported Thursday . That marked Saudi Arabia 's first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels inside its southern neighbor . U.S. Navy warships were patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region , in particular any weapons shipments from Iran to the Houthi rebels they are supporting in Yemen , a U.S. defense official told CNN on Thursday . The Navy this week came across a Panamanian-registered cargo ship that had left an Iranian port , the official said . Based on the route of the ship from Iran to Yemen , the Navy declared it a "  vessel of interest " and requested permission from the captain to search it . The ship was found to be carrying cement and construction materials , the official said . It was sent on its way . The offshore area has been a route for weapons smuggling into Yemen , as well as Sudan and Gaza , so the Navy has maintained a regular surveillance presence there . The official said that increased fighting in the last several days in southern Yemen has resulted in other ships trying to dock to help civilians leave the country . Saudi and allied warplanes struck rebels in Yemen last week , with Saudi Arabia threatening to send ground troops and inserting itself into its southern neighbor 's civil war . The swift and sudden action involved 100 Saudi jets , 30 from the United Arab Emirates , 15 each from Kuwait and Bahrain , 10 from Qatar , and a handful from Jordan , Morocco and Sudan , plus naval help from Pakistan and Egypt , according to a Saudi adviser . The Houthi rebels are Shiite Muslims who have taken over Sanaa and had captured parts of its second-largest city , Aden . The Sunni Saudis consider the Houthis proxies for the Shiite government of Iran and fear another Shiite-dominated state in the region . Officials : Al Qaeda fighters free 270 from Yemeni prisons CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Two humanitarian workers killed Two Saudi border guards killed in exchange with rebels , Saudi Press Agency reports Saudi forces in non-combat roles "  coordinating and guiding " fight against Houthis , source says
London  CNN  -- It 's hard to believe that this area of east London was once a dilapidated and neglected quarter of the UK capital . With shiny new stadiums and visitor facilities nestling among the lush landscaped grounds , every detail of the 500-acre Olympic Park has taken into account environmental concerns , prompting 2012 organizers to bill it as the first sustainable Olympics . David Stubbs , head of sustainability for the London 2012 Games , was part of the original team that drafted London 's successful bid . Sustainability was a key reason why London was chosen , he says , and provides a golden opportunity to show what can be achieved . "  If you can put sustainability at the heart of a project which is the largest logistical exercise in peace time -- across 26 different sports , with thousands of people attending and millions watching -- then you can do it anywhere , " Stubbs said . See more : CNN 's Aiming for Gold Many of the park 's bridges have been constructed using gabion walls  steel mesh filled with stones and rubble  providing a visual reminder of the Games ' green goals . "  There 's a huge emphasis on reuse and recycling , " says Stubbs . "  All the buildings that were knocked down , all that rubble was sort of crushed up and used as the fillings of these gabions for the new bridges . " The River Lea and several canals which wend their way through the park used to be badly polluted , he says . Today , after an intensive program of clearing and widening , wildlife is being encouraged to return . Watch : London 's new "  Green Park " "  Creating a shallower profile in the wetlands further up  the river  has allowed larger areas of wildlife habitat to be created . At the same time that 's providing flood mitigation benefits to thousands of properties in the local area , " Stubbs says . In addition to over 300,000 wetland plants , organizers have planted more than 4,000 trees and 130,000 plants and bulbs . "  One of the key things about this site is how you 've got natural park lands as well as more formal gardens . Unlike previous games people are going to really feel they are in a park , " Stubbs said . London 2012 organizers are also proud of the park 's sporting arenas built for the Games . Behind the velodrome 's timber-clad frame , cyclists will race for gold round a track made from sustainably-sourced Siberian pine , while Zaha Hadid 's striking wave-shaped roof on the Aquatics Center has been temporarily adorned with "  wings " providing seating for 15,000 spectators . "  That 's great for the games , but after we 'll bring it down to 2,500 seats for legacy mode , as it turns into a facility for the local community , " he said . Temporary seating and venues , like the 12,000-seat Basketball Arena , will accommodate nearly 300,000 spectators during the games -- a figure without precedent at any previous Olympics , according to organizers . All eyes will be on the Olympic Stadium come the opening ceremony on July 27 with the 80,000-seat arena being the sustainable centerpiece of the Games . Constructed using just a tenth of the steel required to build Beijing 's "  Bird 's Nest " , the stadium weighs in at just 4,500 tons , becoming the lightest Olympic Stadium ever built . Parts of the tubular steel roof has been built using surplus gas pipelines , Stubbs says . He and his team have used recycled materials wherever possible , which is not only cheaper but also cuts carbon emissions and energy costs . The complexities of the addressing sustainability have been a constant challenge Stubbs says , but his efforts appear to have paid off . London 2012 "  can build the confidence to wider society that sustainability is not a theory but infinitely do-able , " said executive director of the United Nations Environment Program , Achim Steiner during a visit in April this year . "  Thrilled " at the results he and his team have managed to produce , Stubbs is hopeful the park will be attracting visitors long after the Olympics has left town . "  It 's not about two weeks ... It is what this site will be like 20 to 30 years down the road , " Stubbs said .	London 2012 organizers have placed sustainability at the heart of their planning for the Summer Olympics Head of sustainability for the Games , David Stubbs says there 's been "  a huge emphasis on reuse and recycling " Sustainable buildings and hundreds of thousands of new plants have transformed a polluted area of east London
CNN  -- Repeat after me : "  Flower sir ? " Now say it again -- 341 times . Virginia Cherrill must have been on the verge of tears after director and actor Charlie Chaplin made her perform one scene -- in which she says just two words in a silent film -- an excruciating 342 times . To be fair to Cherrill , she was not a professional actress , but a 20-year-old socialite Chaplin had spotted in the crowd at a boxing match . The comedic legend , who defined the silent era with his trademark bowler hat , shuffling gait , and toothbrush mustache , had n't even spoken to Cherrill when he hired her as the love interest in one of his most successful movies of all time -- 1931 's "  City Lights . " "  Chaplin was a perfectionist , the king of the re-take , " said Hooman Mehran , historian and author of "  Chaplin 's Limelight and the Music Hall Tradition . " "  This was just a three minute sequence in the finished film , " he added . "  But he took her to task -- even though it was a silent film . " Now for the first time we can see the making of the memorable scene -- in which blind flower girl Cherrill mistakes Chaplin the tramp for a wealthy man -- in rare behind-the-scenes footage released by film archive the Criterion Collection . Watch the scene here Practice makes perfect It 's a remarkable insight into the Oscar-winning comedian 's work ethic , perhaps better known for his iconic role as the loveable "  Tramp , " than director . "  He was a one man show -- not only was he the director , he was the writer , he was the producer . When music came in , he was a composer too , " said Mehran , who narrates the flickering black-and-white footage . In a career spanning 75 years -- from Victorian England to 1950s Hollywood -- Chaplin became one of the most recognizable screen stars in the world , negotiating a $ 670,000 film deal when he was just 26 , a phenomenal amount at the time . It was not uncommon for Chaplin to re-do one scene 10 or 20 times . But 342 ? "  This was extraordinary even by his standards , " said Mehran . Why so many attempts at such a seemingly simple scene ? "  Chaplin rehearsed on film -- he 'd try out an idea and do it over and over again , " explained Mehran . "  And since he was the director , he could n't see his performance so he had to record it . " At the time , sound had also started to come into movies , and Chaplin worried "  City Lights " would be his last silent film -- he wanted to make it a masterpiece . As producer , he invested all his own money into the film -- had it been a flop , it could have destroyed him . Luckily , it turned out to be a box office success . Rags to riches Growing up in an impoverished London home -- his mother was committed to a mental asylum , his alcoholic father died from liver failure -- Chaplin spent his early years in orphanages . "  He identifies his mother as his greatest influence , " said Mehran . "  As a child , they would sit in their apartment and she would mimic all the people who were walking down the street . "  It 's no coincidence that "  City Lights " is about a blind woman -- a lot of Chaplin 's heroines have a physical disability , which comes back to his mother . " Cut ! After joining various theatre troupes as a teenager , Chaplin was taken on by the prestigious Fred Karno comedy company . He toured America , gaining the attention of Keystone Studios -- and launching his career on the big screen . He became the master of physical comedy , with his exaggerated facial expressions , silly walks , and bumbling demeanor influencing generations of slapstick artists ; from Abbott and Costello to Lucille Ball , and Mr Bean . Yet despite his blundering on-screen persona , Chaplin was also disciplined director . Watch this : Meet the world 's greatest clown "  He was very tough on set , " said Mehran . "  He knew exactly what he wanted and he would have preferred not to have any other actors in his films -- he even tried making a film once where he was the only person in it . " It was a style Marlon Brando apparently struggled with on the set of Chaplin 's 1967 film "  A Countess from Hong Kong . " "  Brando was a method actor and really wanted to understand what his character was feeling . He said to Chaplin : ' I do n't understand my character 's motivation in this scene , ' and Chaplin said : ` Forget about motivation , just do it as I tell you to do it , that 's your motivation , ' " said Mehran . Time capsule After leaving the U.S. in the 1950s and moving to Switzerland with wife Oona O'Neill -- the couple remained married until his death in 1977 and had eight children -- Chaplin ordered many of his outtakes to be destroyed . "  We 're very lucky to have this "  City Lights " footage , " said Mehran . "  It was shot by his friend Ralph Barton , who committed suicide not long after , and certainly Chaplin would not let anyone else , other than his brother , film on set . " For a legend of silent cinema , Chaplin 's actions spoke louder than words .	New behind-the-scenes footage reveals Chaplin 's demanding directing style Comedic legend made "  City Lights " co-star do scene 342 times Marlon Brando struggled to accept Chaplin 's method on set Rare black-and-white footage survived Chaplin 's orders to destroy all outtakes
CNN  -- Pakistani soldiers have been sent to a prison in northern Pakistan amid concerns that militants might try to release high-profile prisoners , according to a senior Pakistani intelligence source who spoke on condition of anonymity on Tuesday . The prisoners at Peshawar 's central prison include high-profile Pakistani-Taliban militants as well as Dr. Shakil Afridi , a Pakistani physician accused of helping the United States find al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden prior to his death two years ago . Officials received intelligence indicating that militants could be planning a jailbreak there , security sources said on condition of anonymity . The senior intelligence source said the army deployed soldiers to the Peshawar prison at the invitation of provincial authorities . Bolstering security at the Peshawar prison comes about a week after Taliban gunmen freed about 250 inmates -- including about 35 high-profile militants -- from a prison in the city of Dera Ismail Khan , about 185 miles  300 kilometers  south of Peshawar , authorities said . About 40 inmates were recaptured by Wednesday , but all of the high-profile militants remained on the loose , a prison official said on condition of anonymity last week . Since the Dera Ismail Khan jailbreak , intelligence agencies have warned that more attacks on Pakistani jails holding high-profile prisoners could occur . The Pakistani prison break and a series of similar incidents linked to al Qaeda that freed convicted or suspected terrorists in Iraq and Libya were factors in the U.S. decision to close embassies and consulates this week across Africa and the Middle East and issue a worldwide travel alert . Pakistani authorities accused Afridi of working with the CIA to set up a fake vaccination campaign in Abbottabad to try verify bin Laden 's whereabouts . U.S. special forces killed the al Qaeda leader at an Abbottabad compound in May 2011 . Afridi was convicted of treason in Pakistan and is serving a 33-year sentence . Pakistani-Taliban inmates at the Peshawar facility include the group 's former spokesman , Muslim Khan , and a number of high-ranking commanders from Swat and Bajaur . Opinion : Jihadists focus on prison breaks CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Soldiers sent to Peshawar 's central prison , intelligence source says Move comes week after Taliban freed 250 prisoners at different Pakistani prison Peshawar prison holds doctor accused of helping U.S. find Osama bin Laden Prison also holds high-profile Taliban militants
CNN  -- Spain 's unemployment rate rose to a record high of 27.2 % in the first quarter of 2013 , the Spanish National Institute of Statistics said Thursday . The figure represented an increase of 1.1 % from the previous quarter , as recession continues to take its toll on the debt-stricken nation . Francisco Carrizo , 37 , a Venezuelan teacher from Madrid , told CNN that unemployment is at "  preposterous levels " and Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy 's center-right government is feeding the Spanish people a "  bunch of lies . " Watch more : Economist weighs in on Spain 's banks He said many of his students are considering emigrating for higher education to improve their job prospects , fueling fears that Spain is undergoing a "  brain drain . " In 2007 , before the global economic crisis hit , Spain had 1.9 million people unemployed -- 8.6 % of the active population . That figure has now risen to 6.2 million . Watch more : Help for Spanish banks Figures from Instituto Nacional de Estadística , Spain 's national statistics office , showed unemployment among 16 to 24 year-olds is at 57.2 % . Joblessness is higher among women than men . Carrizo -- who describes himself as a center-left supporter -- said : "  I would like the government to be more honest and independent ; and not submit to the markets . It seems to me that whatever Germany says , they do . " Watch more : How to fix the Spanish economy Anti-austerity protesters are expected to march on the Spanish Parliament later Thursday in the capital , Madrid , as part of an organized movement to bring political change to the country . Political activist Albert Jiménez , 28 , told CNN that people -- both young and old -- are increasingly turning to politics to voice their frustrations against a government "  that is letting the country go to hell . " Read more : The human cost of Spain 's financial crisis Jiménez , who works part-time as an office clerk and private tutor , said three of his friends have fled to northern Europe to look for work . He added : "  The young people that are staying are becoming very politically active in organized social movements . " Jiménez said it would be wrong to place all the blame for Spain 's problems on Germany 's shoulders . Watch more : Failing banks in Spain drag down economy He said : "  Germany is not an NGO . Everyone knew what they were signing up in the eurozone and the European Union ; an economic project . Germany saw the profits in the idea and so did Spain . " "  Of course the situation is very bad , because we are doing all these adjustments , " a spokesperson for the Spanish economy ministry told CNN . Watch more : Spain economy eyed after Portugal plea However , the spokesman said the protest movement was smaller than in other countries and the Spanish population was "  extremely reasonable . " Spain , the fourth-largest economy in the eurozone , is suffering its second recession in three years , and its ailing banking industry has had to draw on the eurozone 's bailout fund to stay afloat . In December , European finance ministers approved a 39.5 billion euro  $ 51.6 billion  bailout for Spain 's banks , which suffered after the collapse of the country 's property bubble . But the Mediterranean country has stopped short of following in the footsteps of Greece , Ireland and Portugal in requesting a full-blown sovereign bailout from the eurozone 's rescue fund , the European Stability Mechanism . To stave off a bailout , Rajoy 's administration has been forced to implement harsh austerity measures to keep government borrowing costs sustainable while ensuring larger eurozone partners , such as Germany , remain onside .	Spain 's unemployment rate climbs to a new record high of 27.2 % The total number of unemployed people is now 6.2 million , official figures show Anti-austerity protesters are due to march on the Spanish Parliament Thursday
CNN  -- The father of a 12-year-old Virginia girl , who police say was abducted and taken on a week-long , cross-country trek by the man considered a prime suspect in her mother 's death , on Monday thanked law enforcement , the media and the California woman who alerted police after spotting the girl . Calling what had happened "  nothing short of a miracle , " Benjamin Smith said he was eagerly looking forward to reuniting with his daughter , Brittany Mae Smith , later Monday night or soon thereafter . "  I thought that the happiest day of my life was when my daughter was born , " said Smith , addressing reporters in Virginia for the first time since his daughter was reported missing a week ago . "  Tonight has taken that number one spot . " Benjamin Smith said he spoke with his daughter on Friday , shortly after she was recovered by San Francisco police . Not sure if it was her -- and knowing "  there 's probably 100 Brittany Smiths between here and California " -- he said he asked her his dog 's and then her dog 's name , before being convinced and overcome with emotion . "  I do n't think I said another word after that , " he said , with a wide smile . The girl 's father expressed gratitude to numerous people who worked on the case and who publicized the names and faces of Brittany and her alleged abductor , Jeffrey Scott Easley . He singled out Theresa Shanley , who recognized the pair outside a San Francisco supermarket , as "  my hero . " "  There 's not anything I could say to describe ... the way my heart feels about you , " said Benjamin Smith , adding he had n't yet spoken with Shanley though he wanted to . "  A simple thank you and God bless you . " Despite Amber Alerts being issued in several states , authorities had no positive sightings of the girl and Easley until Shanley pulled last Friday into a Safeway parking lot in the Richmond district of San Francisco -- about 2,500 miles from where they were last seen together , in a Walmart in Salem , Virginia . Shanley told HLN 's Nancy Grace she saw a man begging for money outside the store . But what most got her attention was a girl sitting on a nearby cement ledge . "  The hair on my arms stood up , " recalled Shanley of that damp , cool afternoon . "  She spotted me , and I spotted her . And we never took our eyes off each other .  I felt  something is wrong here , something is n't right . " Shanley said she went inside the store , and asked a supermarket clerk to call police and tell them about the two . She told authorities that the girl might a missing child from Virginia and her alleged abductor . She said she believed she recognized the couple from pictures broadcast the previous night on "  Nancy Grace . " Shanley said she went back outside briefly , thinking she 'd left her cell phone in the car , and again locked eyes with the girl , though the two never spoke . Later , after police arrived , she found out the girl was Brittany Smith , and the man was Easley . "  Sure enough , it was her and him , " Shanley said . "  My intuition was right . " Two detectives from Roanoke County escorted the girl from California back to Roanoke , Virginia , on Monday , Roanoke County spokeswoman Teresa Hall said in a statement . The girl was to be released to her family . Easley , 32 , remains in custody near San Francisco after being charged with abduction , credit card theft and credit card fraud charges . And Roanoke County police Chief Ray Lavinder has called him a "  very good suspect " in the death of Tina Smith , Brittany 's mother . Police believe that 41-year-old Smith , who was Easley 's girlfriend , was killed between the morning and evening of December 3 , Lavinder said . On that day , surveillance video shows Easley and Brittany Smith shopping for a blue domed tent at a Wal-Mart in Salem . Lavinder said authorities believe that the two left Virginia , heading toward California , that night or early the next day . They traveled cross country in Tina Smith 's silver 2005 Dodge Neon sedan , which was found in a parking lot adjacent to San Francisco International Airport after authorities had found Brittany Smith and Easley . The pair were holding up a cardboard sign and asking for money when they were spotted , Lavinder said . The Safeway was within walking distance of the makeshift campsite containing the tent in which Easley and Brittany Smith had been staying . Easley did not resist when police arrested him shortly after 2 p.m. Friday , San Francisco police Officer Albie Esparza said . And Brittany Smith had no visible injuries , according to Lavinder . The chief added Monday that the girl was told , after being recovered by San Francisco police , that her mother was dead . The chief has said Easley met Tina Smith online this summer and moved into the family home in October . Police issued an Amber Alert for Brittany on Monday after finding the body of her mother . Tina Smith 's co-workers had called to express concern that she had n't shown up for work . Authorities in Florida and Alabama followed suit with Amber Alerts in subsequent days , and notices went out to law enforcement nationwide . Authorities said they do not know whether the girl went willingly with Easley . Regardless , with Brittany Smith safe , Virginia authorities say , they have now turned their focus to the homicide investigation . They are also trying to get Easley back east , though an extradition hearing has n't taken place in California courts . He could go to Virginia relatively soon if he waives extradition , or the process may be delayed weeks if he contests his return .	NEW : Benjamin Smith says he 's excited to reunite with his daughter A California woman says she locked eyes with Brittany Smith outside a store The girl has headed back to Virginia , while her alleged abductor is in custody The man is a "  very good suspect " in the girl 's mother 's death , police say
CNN  -- Half the fun of Halloween is coming up with new , creative outfits that will blow your friends ' minds and maybe scare a few impressionable children .  The other half , obviously , is candy . Technology can help . Take , for example , that classic Halloween accessory , the realistic festering wound . Former NASA employee Mark Rober has created an app that shows animations of moving , oozing innards . Put your iOS or Android smartphone in a special fleshy case , add a carefully bloodied , ripped T-shirt and you have the iWound . There is also a moving eyeball outfit , and a new effect that makes it look like a hand is ripping out your guts from behind . Rober first got the idea for mixing Halloween and smartphones in 2011 . Using two iPads and the FaceTime video chatting app , he strapped one tablet to his front and the other to the back . The live video feed made it look like there was a hole blasted through the center of his body . One hit YouTube video later , and Rober had found his new calling . This year , he quit his job as a mechanical engineer at NASA and started Digital Dudz , a company that makes costumes that integrate tablets and smartphones . You do n't need to be an engineer to put together your own high-tech costume though . Portable battery packs , LED lights and cheap motors can all be used to make ingenious costumes . Check out some of the brilliant ideas on Instructables , in Make Magazine or on YouTube , where people like to show off their creations . There are also the tech-themed costumes . All you need to be a giant iPhone is some cardboard , paint and patience . If you 're going for a minimalist vibe , you can always dress up like a tech company executive -- just add a black shirt or hoodie .	A former NASA engineer turns smartphones into gory , animated wounds His company Digital Dudz also has a moving eyeball outfit and a giant Facebook profile Other high-tech ideas -- from "  Tron " costumes to blinky robots -- can be made at home
CNN  -- The investigation of the Washington Navy Yard shootings is yielding information about the shooter 's background and possible motives . One significant one : The Associated Press reported that officials said Aaron Alexis was "  suffering a host of serious mental issues , including paranoia and a sleep disorder . He also had been hearing voices in his head . " Mental illness frequently emerges as part of the background of America 's mass shootings , including those in Tucson , Arizona ; Aurora , Colorado ; and Newtown , Connecticut . In those cases , it was quickly discovered that acquaintances , family , school officials -- sometimes mental health providers -- knew about the suspects ' psychiatric problems . Bureaucratic roadblocks hindered the communications between police and the individual or agency mental health providers who had had contact with these men before they lashed out . Law enforcement and the Navy will be doing the police work to figure out how and why Monday 's shooting occurred and what further steps are needed . However , the rest of us could consider how a country that stigmatizes mental illness and places a low priority on mental health care increases the chance of such tragedies occurring regularly , with devastating effects on families and communities . Opinion : Get serious about mental health care Now , with respect to Aaron Alexis and the Washington Navy Yard killings , the suspect indeed appeared to have mental health problems . He 'd sought help from Veterans Affairs hospitals around the capital , law enforcement sources told CNN . And after an incident in Seattle in which he shot out the tires on the car of a man he thought had mocked him , his family told police that he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of his having been in New York City on September 11 , 2001  although work colleagues of his from back then do n't recall his volunteering in the aftermath of that attack  . Alexis had apparently asked for help from the VA for psychiatric problems but was not declared unfit by the Navy , which could have revoked his security clearance and perhaps prevented him from gaining ready access to the Navy Yard grounds . The question that needs to be addressed in the coming days and months is : Why do barriers to communication across agencies exist , and how can they be reduced or eliminated ? These are not simple questions , but they are extremely important when it comes to prevention . These are the practical concerns of a police investigation trying to unravel motivation and understand how such an attack could have occurred . But there is a human and community dimension to this tragedy that needs attention as well . It 's important to remember , for example , that the mentally ill are far , far more often the victims of violence than its perpetrators . Research consistently suggests that the mentally ill , if they do not abuse drugs and alcohol and if they stay in treatment , are actually less likely to commit violence than other populations . Further , research has also highlighted that if violence does occur , it is family members and friends who are the most likely to be the victims  85 % of the time , or more  . That well-grounded fact is not a reason to ignore the troubling and continuing erosion of mental health services as a result of government budget cuts -- nearly $ 5 billion in three years and affecting nearly all the states . These cuts have decreased the availability of mental health services at the school and community level both for those suffering mental health problems and for others who have family members who are mentally ill . Adequately funding such services could make a difference in curbing violence . Opinion : Masculinity , mental illness and guns - a lethal equation ? As reductions in services occur , the police and jails are increasingly absorbing a population of mentally ill people who end up committing crimes . The jails become mental health providers at much higher costs then mental health outpatient services . For example , in New York City 's Rikers Island jail the mentally ill constitute over 30 % of all inmates and the cost of incarceration for a year is over $ 165,000 . Thankfully , the federal government and mental health advocates at a recent White House conference defined important , much-needed steps , such as a new website for mental health information , expansions of mental health funding through the Affordable Care Act , and modest new funding for communities in crisis . However , this new federal money is small compared to that lost in state cutbacks . Thus the needs will continue to be great . The families of the victims in the Navy Yard massacre , as well as the survivors , need ongoing supportive services , and this should be a priority . But we can not and should not stop there . The need for better mental health care is truly nationwide , and extensive new programming is needed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gerald Landsberg .	Gerald Landsberg : Navy Yard shooter appears to have had mental health problems He says communication between agencies might have prevented massacre He says nation must prioritize mental health treatment ; instead cuts have led to less care Landsberg : Obama mental health initiatives a good step ; shooting shows much more needed
CNN  -- The editor of Guns & Ammo magazine apologized to readers and resigned immediately , earlier than planned , after he published a column advocating gun control , enraging his readers . Editor Jim Bequette wanted to "  generate a healthy exchange of ideas on gun rights " when he published a commentary by Dick Metcalf , who wrote that he supported regulations on firearms . Instead , the column in the December issue "  aroused unprecedented controversy " among readers who began "  questioning ` Guns & Ammo 's commitment to the Second Amendment , " Bequette wrote in his apology . Bequette also fired Metcalf , a gun writer who had written the Firearms Law column for the magazine 's sister publication , Shooting Times . Metcalf could n't be immediately reached for comment . Opinion : Gun control is not the answer In his recent commentary , Metcalf wrote about how "  way too many gun owners still seem to believe that any regulation of the right to keep and bear arms is an infringement " prohibited by the Second Amendment . "  The fact is , all constitutional rights are regulated , always have been , and need to be , " Metcalf wrote . After a readership uproar , Bequette said his magazine has an "  unwavering " commitment to the Second Amendment . "  In publishing Metcalf 's column , I was untrue to that tradition , and for that I apologize , " Bequette wrote in a column dated Wednesday . "  I made a mistake by publishing the column . I thought it would generate a healthy exchange of ideas on gun rights . I miscalculated , pure and simple . I was wrong , and I ask your forgiveness , " he continued . Plans were already in place for a new editor to take over the magazine on January 1 , but that new editor , Eric R. Poole , who ran Guns & Ammo 's special interest publications , was installed immediately , Bequette said . State battles intensify on access to guns Among the comments generating discussion on the magazine 's Facebook page was Trace Simek 's declaration that he was canceling his subscription and boycotting parent firm InterMedia Outdoors , which describes itself as "  the premier outdoor sports-oriented media group in the United States . " Wrote Simek : "  It takes more than one Elmer Fudd to get a pro-gun control agenda editorial in the pages of a formerly-relevant national firearms industry publication : your apology rings false , and smacks of having been cobbled together as a reaction to an unexpected deluge of negative sentiment . " Gary Graf said he feared the column would energize gun control efforts -- what he called the anti-Second Amendment crowd . "  Publishing Metcalf 's back page read was like throwing a bucket of blood in shark infested waters , especially here in California , " Graf wrote . "  We are one step away from confiscation here as it is , and the anti 2A crowd will be further emboldened by this , especially from something as rock solid as Guns and Ammo . I sincerely hope we can recover from this , but in my state , the champagne corks are already popping . " Many readers , however , defended the column . "  It is sad to see that G&A will bend so easily and that their readers are so blind and fail to understand that some regulation is necessary , " Kevin Smith wrote . Opinion : Gun violence is a public health epidemic	Guns & Ammo publishes a column advocating gun control A readership uproar prompts the editor to resign earlier than planned Editor says he was trying to promote "  a healthy exchange of ideas on gun rights " But many readers say the column only helps the ` anti-Second Amendment crowd '
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Authorities have identified the Twitter user accused of posting violent threats against the Longacre Theater , New York Police Comissioner Ray Kelly said Wednesday . Kelly said the user is not located in New York City , but police were preparing to interview the person . Kelly declined to offer details on the person 's exact whereabouts , but did say reckless endangerment is one of the possible charges the alleged tweeter could face . Twitter initially had refused to disclose the user 's personal information to police investigating the threats , but identified the individual after being served with a subpoena . "  We think in an instance like this , sort of common sense would dictate that we get that sort of information , " Kelly said . "  Certainly this message referred to  the mass shooting in  Aurora . Referred to a specific location . This is the type of thing that a law enforcement agency needs to know . " Twitter has not responded to multiple CNN requests for comment . Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne told CNN Tuesday , "  We take the threat seriously , especially in light of recent attacks in Wisconsin and Colorado . " Authorities said the Twitter user posted a threat about an attack at the Longacre Theater in midtown Manhattan , where former boxing champion Mike Tyson , 46 , is performing his one-man show , "  Mike Tyson : Undisputed Truth , " a Broadway production that centers on his well-publicized life . Additional information about the incident was not disclosed , but authorities have bolstered security at the theater and other public areas across New York after two deadly mass shootings in Colorado and Wisconsin . Authorities ' quest this week for personal user information highlights a growing conundrum for companies in the Internet age , when privacy concerns are pitted against those of public safety .	Police say person is not in New York City but will be interviewed "  We take the threat seriously , " says Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne Police have bolstered security at a Broadway theater and other public areas across New York
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius was on the stumps of his amputated legs when he knocked down a locked toilet door with a cricket bat to reach his shot girlfriend , a police forensic expert said Wednesday , countering the track star 's assertion he was wearing his prosthetic legs at the time . South African police colonel J.G. Vermeulen took the stand to discuss marks on a cricket bat and a bent steel plate found in the bathroom door after the athlete shot model Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine 's Day last year . Wielding the cricket bat in his hands , Vermuelen squatted down before swinging it at the actual wooden door in a court reconstruction to show the angle of the marks . He said the location of the spots on the door was consistent with Pistorius not wearing his prosthetic legs . "  From the forensic evidence , he was on his stumps , " Vermeulen said . Defense attorney Barry Roux countered by suggesting that even with his prosthetic legs on , Pistorius would not be swinging a bat at the same height as an able-bodied person . In a change from his bail hearing , when the state based its case for a premeditated murder charge on Pistorius having had his prosthetic legs on when he fired the shots , the prosecution said Wednesday he was on his stumps during the shooting and when he bashed down the door . The track star has said he did n't have his prosthetics on when he shot at the toilet door after hearing a noise , but then put them on when he tried to break open the door , realizing his girlfriend may be inside . The door is being used in the Pretoria court to show the trajectory of the bullets fired at Steenkamp , which both sides can use to argue whether it was premeditated murder or not . Pistorius , the first double-amputee to run in the Olympic Games , regularly wears prosthetic legs . If he was not wearing them at the time , the trajectory of the bullets would be lower and the defense can argue that he was feeling vulnerable and did n't have time to think . The 27-year old has pleaded not guilty to murder in the shooting . He admits killing Steenkamp , 29 , by shooting her through a locked bathroom door in his house . However , he says that he mistook her for a burglar in the middle of the night and that the shooting was a tragic mistake . Pistorius has said he tried to break open the door when he realized he 'd shot Steenkamp . Door in focus The court heard that the door was intact before the shots were fired . Under cross-examination , Vermeulen said the first and only time he went to the crime scene was on March 8 , 2013 , nearly a month after the shooting . Asked about a mark on the door which he did not investigate , he said it was not from a cricket bat . Roux asserted it was the mark of a prosthetic leg kicking the door with a sock on and that fabric remained in the mark on the door . Vermeulen was unwilling to accept that that was the only possible explanation . Vermeulen told the court there were footprints consistent with police shoes on the bathroom door at one point and photos of this were shown . They were later removed and Vermeulen said he did not know how . He said that from photos , he knew the door was removed from its hinges and left on the floor for some time . When Roux suggested they were wiped off by someone who did not know the importance of police procedure , Vermeulen chuckled . Close-up photographs of the damaged door were shown in court , as well as scuffs on the autographed cricket bat , prompting a Tweet from former South African test cricketer Herschelle Gibbs : â $	Police expert testifies in court reconstruction Door will also be used to determine bullets ' trajectory Pistorius has pleaded not guilty in the murder of his girlfriend He admits killing her , but says he mistook the 29-year-old for a burglar in his house
Seoul  CNN  -- North Korea 's revered founder , Kim Il Sung , ordered his doctors to find a way to make him live to 100 , taking treatments to stay young that ranged from the bizarre to the sinister . Kim So-Yeon , his personal physician for many years before she defected to South Korea in 1992 , led research at a "  Longevity Center " set up to help in Kim 's quest for a longer life . It did n't work -- he died at 82 -- but that 's still far better than the average 64-year life expectancy for the country . People who made it to 100 and beyond The doctor 's team devised many different ways to ensure a longer life . "  We did a lot of research , " says Kim . "  But we only gave him the treatments he had chosen from our list of options . " One treatment the late leader favored in his later years , according to Kim , was blood transfusions from citizens in their twenties . Those who had been chosen for the honor of donating blood to the "  Eternal President " were fed special nutritious food beforehand . "  He wanted to rule as long as he could . I think he wanted to live a long life for his own satisfaction , " says Kim . Another favorite , according to Kim , was watching young children do funny or cute things to make him laugh . The center decided happiness brings good health , so prescribed more laughter to the North Korean leader . Kim is seen smiling in many official photos . Comparison with younger Kim After witnessing the stresses and health issues experienced by Kim , the doctor says Kim Jong Un , the country 's current leader and Kim 's grandson , could be suffering from similar problems . The elder Kim has often often been compared to his grandson , who shares his looks and demeanor . Walking with a cane , the young leader appeared in public last week for the first time in more than a month amid speculation about his health . Before his disappearance , Kim was seen limping , prompting theories that he was suffering everything from weight gain to gout . According to the doctor , the young leader may have inherited a number of health issues , including psychological problems and a history of obesity . She told CNN both Kim Il Sung and Kim 's father Kim Jong Il suffered from diabetes , heart problems and stress , and she reckons that the younger Kim 's health problems could be worse than his father 's and grandfather 's . After studying photos , she said Kim 's face appeared to have been swollen due to painkillers and she also speculated that he has been receiving hormone shots to make him look more like his grandfather . CNN can not independently verify this claim . "  Kim Il Sung still has a good reputation because he was the founder of the country . So in order to instill in people that it is still Kim Il Sung 's country , I think they are trying to make Kim Jong Un look like more like him . "	Former North Korean leader Kim Il Sung wanted to live to 100 , his doctor says . He ordered a "  Longevity Center " be set up to fulfill this aim Methods included blood transfusions and laughing at cute kids Elder Kim 's physician defected to South Korea in 1992
CNN  In the spring of 2000 , my friend Michael and I hopped on a bus in Grand Rapids , Michigan , heading to Washington . The reason ? To participate in the "  Millennium March on Washington for Equality , " a mass demonstration in the nation 's capital in support of LGBT rights . This was not quite two years after the death of Matthew Shepard , the University of Wyoming student who was brutally murdered for being gay . We were barely two seasons into what was then a groundbreaking television series , "  Will and Grace . " Spring 2000 was so long ago that network executives were still afraid to put an openly gay Ellen DeGeneres on television . That was the social climate then . And we were heading to D.C. to help change it . Then two transgendered women boarded the bus . I wo n't repeat the jokes I whispered about them to my friend and some of the others nearby . I 'll just say their presence exposed me for the fraud I did n't even know I was . It was the spring of 2000 , and I -- an openly gay man seeking LGBT equality -- had just rendered the T silent without even noticing . One can only imagine what those women had to endure from people who did n't consider themselves "  progressive " . Fifteen years later , I 'm happy to say I am different . The country is different as well . But there are many reminders of the work that still needs to be done -- for example the disproportionate murder rate for transgender women and the fact that a person can still be fired or lose a home for being transgender . And then there is Bruce Jenner . When my editor first asked me to write about his reported "  journey " she jokingly asked me to be brilliant . I responded that I was n't sure if I could be brilliant -- but I promised I would be honest . This is why I shared my own past struggles with the issue . Public gender transitions still uncommon Sure Jenner is a reality TV star who actively seeks attention . But that does n't mean jokes about gender identity are appropriate . Especially now , as details regarding the fatal car accident Jenner was involved in during the weekend come to light . So far police have said Jenner was not speeding and alcohol was not a factor . And while he told police he was being followed by paparazzi , they said the photographers did not appear to be a factor in causing the accident .  Jenner released a statement , saying , in part , "  It is a devastating tragedy , and I can not pretend to imagine what this family is going through at this time . I am praying for them . I will continue to cooperate in every way possible . " Those of us who are cisgender do not know what it is like to look in the mirror and be in conflict with the body that we see , to have our souls be at odds with the gender assigned to us at birth . At this point we have read the stories with quotes from unnamed sources and seen the pictures with Jenner having longer hair and makeup . However we have yet to hear from Jenner himself . If he is wrestling with gender identity , being involved in a tragic car accident can only add to what must be an incredibly difficult time for him . Even someone who seeks the spotlight can hurt . When Jenner does speak , I hope we resist the urge to mock . If not for his sake , then for the sake of the countless others who may be able to identify with what Jenner says . According to a recent Williams Institute study , 50 % of respondents who are openly transgender attempted suicide . Unfortunately in December , 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn succeeded . "  My death needs to mean something , " she wrote in her final Tumblr post . The shame of my behavior on that bus 15 years ago re-emerges each time I read that sentence . I thought I was just having some harmless fun that day on the bus until I stumbled across a quote from James Baldwin that revealed to me the depth of my hypocrisy . "  You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world , but then you read . It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive , or who had ever been alive . " Over time I have learned to replace the urge to judge with the desire to seek our like humanity . Over the years I have spent my fair share of time around people fighting for LGBT rights and I can tell you the mocking of transgender people is not something that is exclusively heterosexual or conservative . It is not only found in red states or in Christian homes . I have learned a person can be progressive on numerous social issues and still house bigotry in the hidden , dusty corners of an otherwise illuminated heart . So as we wait for Jenner to tell us what his journey is , now would be a good time for many of us to embark on a soul-searching journey of our own . We think jokes are harmless because we 're only paying attention to the people who are laughing .	LZ Granderson : It 's long past time to take a more mature view of transgendered people Bruce Jenner 's story challenges us to think and rethink , he says
CNN  -- Scotland decided to trust its 16-year-olds to vote in the biggest question in its history when the country headed to the polls this week for a referendum on independence . Americans , in contrast , do n't even trust theirs to help pick the county sheriff . Who 's right ? Many here might be skeptical about the idea of the United States following Scotland 's lead in lowering the voting age . The trouble is that the main reason most people cite for barring 16 - and 17-year-olds from voting looks like an equally good reason to stop most American adults from voting , too . The key argument against letting high school juniors vote is simple : Their choice would affect all of us . After all , a voter chooses for everyone , not just him or herself . Many worry that most 16-year-olds lack the wisdom or knowledge to cast smart votes , so we do n't let them vote because we want to protect ourselves from their decisions . And this concern is often grounded in reality -- young adults are indeed in many cases profoundly ignorant about politics . But if that is a reason for excluding them from voting , it is surely a reason to exclude almost everyone else . Every two years , for 60 years , the American National Election Studies has surveyed what prospective voters know and do n't know . And the results are always depressing -- the top quartile of voters are like B students , tending to get about 85 % of questions right . The next two quartiles do little better or worse than chance . But the lowest quartile are systematically misinformed . Indeed , if you ask them which party , Republicans or Democrats , is more conservative , most of them even get that answer wrong . As political scientists Michael X. Delli Carpini and Scott Keeter noted in their 1996 book , "  What Americans Do n't Know About Politics and Why It Matters , " political knowledge is not evenly spread among all groups . Membership in some demographic groups correlates with high levels of political knowledge , depending on region , income and education , while other groups tend to correlate with political ignorance . So , this is the catch : If you wanted to exclude 16 - and 17-year-olds on the grounds that they are more likely to be ignorant or misinformed , you would also in effect be arguing against other demographics having a say . Of course , you could object that the issue here is not so much about knowledge , but the capacity for political judgment . Yet nothing special happens at age 18 -- there is no sudden increase in cognitive ability , political wisdom or political knowledge at that age . In fact , in the 1970s , psychologists discovered that the biggest increases in the capacity to reason about politics occur around age 12 when puberty hits . By 16 , most people have about as stable an ideology and capacity to reason about politics as they are going to get . Any improvements after that come slowly , if at all . It 's true that voter turnout among young adults is low -- middle-aged and elderly citizens are far more likely to vote than young adults . And that is not necessarily a problem . Political scientists who study voting behavior consistently find that citizens vote for what they perceive to be the common good rather than their narrow self-interest .  If that seems surprising , consider : Your individual vote counts for so little that if you were just acting selfishly , you probably would n't bother to vote all . But it 's arguable that the needs of the young are overlooked , and that the young have valuable perspectives that are missing from the national conversation , and so perhaps expanding the voting pool would help fix that . And what should we do if we still ca n't get over our fear that 16-year-olds are too dumb to vote ? Well , we need n't exclude all of them . Instead , we could allow any child who can pass the U.S. citizenship exam to acquire the right to vote . Of course , if you think that 's a reasonable standard for a 16-year-old to have to meet , it 's worth remembering that most voting-age adults can not meet it either . So why should we demand more from our teenagers than we expect from ourselves ?	Scotland allowed 16-year-olds to vote in its referendum on independence Americans worry that young people do n't know enough about politics , Jason Brennan says But surveys suggest many other demographics have a poor grasp of politics as well , he says There is no sudden increase in cognitive ability or political wisdom by age 18 , he says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  It is a strangely detached scene for the close of America 's longest war : military trainers bouncing between multi-million dollar , high security bases , on Black Hawks , miles from the front line . But it is how Washington wants this to be . And even though the departure of American troops will be fractionally slower , they will all be inside the U.S. Embassy by the end of next year , making these some of their last weeks outside of the wire . We are near Jalalabad , at a regional logistics hub for the Afghan police force -- a generous facility that was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms , ammunition , even fuel for vehicles . The intentions , first hatched in 2011 when the U.S. had tens of thousands of troops and still large ambitions for their war here , were large in scale . But the project has been handed between rotations of U.S. officers and is perhaps a little distant from its first conception . We are taken on a proud tour of a series of clean and newly painted blocks . Dozens of Afghan police gather there , and mill around , waiting for their commanders to arrive . Nick Paton Walsh 's Afghanistan series : Afghan forced to marry her rapist Yet a few problems are immediately visible . There are no doorhandles on the outer doors -- we 're told they 've been removed while a new master key is being sought . There seem to be few supplies in the actual hub . We ask the Afghan policemen how many of them get resupplied there , at this stage , four months since it opened , and they say : none . About 20 units a month file paperwork for resupply in the base , but supplies often still come from where they did before -- Kabul . U.S. officials told us they are optimistic the logistical road ahead can be smoothed -- that in the 18 plus months they have left they can get the Afghan army and police up to furnishing themselves with the supply lines they need . But here , now , that seems far away . As does the base , incidentally . It 's quite a rough drive from the main road , surrounded by hills , and with at best patchy cellphone coverage -- far from ideal for a transit hub . Nick Paton Walsh 's Afghanistan series : ISIS recruits in Taliban territory And it is far away in terms of its cost . Like so much in the most costly of wars , its price tag may have made sense in briefings on Capitol Hill , where effectiveness is gauged in millions , but here in dusty eastern Afghanistan , it seems exorbitant . This as-yet , partially functional resupply hub cost $ 21 million , a price that presumably includes new doorhandles . There are about fifty Afghan police currently on the base -- meaning each one has so far cost $ 400,000 to the US taxpayer . But this is an unfair way of representing the challenge the U.S. trainers here face : working , as they are , against a clock , with diminishing resources and public interest , in an endlessly complex and often corrupt land where , when the Taliban are n't thriving , ISIS are waiting in the wings to fill the gap . With the clock ticking in the background , U.S. officer Colonel JB Vowell remains upbeat : "  It 's going to be a challenge , to get all those little hubs and spokes -- logistics to maintenance , supplies , resupply . I 'm optimistic though ; much of this did n't exist in November . " On the outskirts of the base are the relics of the U.S. 's military involvement in a conflict that still continues to kill Afghan security forces at an accelerated rate . SUVs , even old American Humvees -- now gifted to Afghan police to drive around -- lie disabled by mine strikes . The Americans were hoping the police could stack the vehicles here , assess their resupply needs , or cannibalize the damaged vehicles for spare parts . Throughout , the surreal changes in how this war was , and continues to be , fought are omnipresent . Years ago , the threat would have mostly been from insurgents taking potshots at an American base . Now we are far from the threat , but another has taken its place . Surrounding our crew at all times are "  Guardian Angels " -- U.S. soldiers on guard duty , protecting their own from rogue Afghan police or soldiers , trying to prevent the newest and most serious scourge -- "  green on blue " attacks , in which Afghan security forces turn their guns on Americans . It is a strange experience to be protected from those who America seeks to hand the country over to . But this is how the war ended . Not with ideological victories , or dramatic withdrawals , just the slow and deliberate stepping to one side .	Final troop pullout oddly detached as U.S. military operations die down in Afghanistan Ambitious projects , like a police logistics center in Jalalabad , may not live up to their potential
CNN  -- More than 500 veterans in Ohio are being contacted by a clinic where they may have been exposed to hepatitis and HIV during routine dental work , according to Ohio Veterans Affairs communications officer Todd Sledge . The Dayton , Ohio , VA clinic is contacting 535 veterans who received treatment during an 18-year period from a dentist who admitted to not washing his hands or changing gloves between patients . There are 100 to 130 additional patient records still to review , according to Sledge . "  We 're taking a very aggressive approach and a well-planned intervention to make sure that we 're contacting these folks , " Sledge said . By Tuesday evening , 436 of the 535 patients had been contacted by phone , letters and visits to shelters , according to Sledge . Individuals sought by the center are known to have been treated directly by the clinician between January 1 , 1992 , and July 28 , 2010 , according to a release by the medical center . The center is offering free tests to those involved and the clinic will provide all necessary care and treatment without charge should a veteran test positive for the viruses , Sledge said . "  The encouragement to get tested is strictly a precautionary measure , " Sledge said . "  It 's a very low risk that there 's any potential contamination . " While Sledge said the testing stemmed from "  invasive procedures ... done by one single clinician , " He did not identify that clinician and he did not release specifics about the clinician 's health . Sledge said the clinic is taking full accountability for those involved , whom he calls , "  our nation 's heroes . " Last year the clinic closed for a month for "  re-education on infection control standards " for the staff , Sledge said . Veterans could still receive care at other facilities , Sledge said . The dentist , who is currently still on staff but handling non-clinical duties , self-reported himself during an internal inspection . An investigation is now underway involving reports that other workers at the clinic brought the dentist 's hygiene to the attention of the center , concerns that Sledge said were valid . The center is taking an "  ongoing in-depth look at a lot of aspects surrounding the allegations , " Sledge said . "  When someone brings those things to your attention , " Sledge said , "  you need to review what practices are happening . " More information and a list of labs in contractual agreement with the Dayton center is available by calling the VA 's hotline at 1-877-424-8214 .	A clinic in Dayton is testing veterans who were treated by a dentist A Veterans Affairs spokesman calls the testing "  a precautionary measure " The dentist is still on staff , but handling non-clinical duties
CNN  -- When the draw for the third round of the FA Cup was made , one match particularly enticed -- Arsenal versus Tottenham . With Arsenal leading the Premier League and Tottenham rejuvenated under new manager Tim Sherwood , the encounter between the north London rivals indeed promised much . But in the end it was mostly one-way traffic and the Gunners prevailed 2-0 at home to advance in football 's oldest knockout competition . The FA Cup is famous for its giant killings although on Saturday only one Premier League team lost to lower-division opposition , Aston Villa . And even then , Villa 's 2-1 defeat to Sheffield United was n't that big of a surprise since Villa boss Paul Lambert said this week the FA Cup was a distraction . Manchester City will still be favored to beat Blackburn in a replay following their 1-1 draw but the quadruple chasers are facing a stack of fixtures in January . Arsenal , which trails only Manchester United in FA Cup successes , took an early lead when in-form Spanish midfielder Santi Cazorla sent a left-footed shot into the top corner in the 31st minute . Arsenal maintained the pressure in the second half and doubled the advantage when Tottenham fullback Danny Rose was dispossessed by Tomas Rosicky near the halfway line . Rosicky coolly beat Hugo Lloris in the 62nd minute to preserve manager Arsene Wenger 's streak of never losing in the third round . "  We won such an important game -- it means a lot to us and the fans , obviously , " Rosicky told ITV . The lone bad news for Arsenal was a leg injury to Theo Walcott , another player in form . Walcott left the pitch in controversial fashion , telling Tottenham fans -- with his hands -- what the score was . Wenger said he was told it was the England international 's reaction to being hit with coins . "  What he did was not offensive , " Wenger told reporters . "  I do n't think the FA will take any action . I have seen the pictures and he is not being aggressive . He is smiling . " Tottenham was unable to build on its 2-1 win at Manchester United in the league on Wednesday and was eliminated from a Cup competition for the second time in about two weeks . With Sherwood at the helm , then as a caretaker , Spurs lost to West Ham at White Hart Lane in the League Cup quarterfinals . Villa ousted Despite saying that most Premier League managers would prefer to avoid the FA Cup , Lambert fielded star striker Christian Benteke against third-tier struggler Sheffield United . But it was Ryan Flynn who got a late winner at Villa Park -- and now Lambert can focus fully on keeping his team in the top division . "  There was never any way I was decrying the competition at all , " a defiant Lambert told Villa 's website . "  You want to try and do a good run . If you look at the League Cup last time , we picked strong teams throughout the competition . I never take them lightly . " Manchester City , embarrassed by Wigan in last year 's final , took a 1-0 lead at second-tier Blackburn though conceded the equalizer in the 55th minute . "  I think it 's very important to still be in the cup -- we played against a strong home team , " City manager Manuel Pellegrini told the club website . City , which finished with 10 men after the 85th-minute dismissal of Dedryck Boyata , could play seven more games in January , a test even for its deep squad . Wigan , now in the Championship , will replay against the MK Dons after a 3-3 draw . In the all Premier League ties , Ole Gunnar Solskjaer began his reign as Cardiff boss with a 2-1 upset win at Newcastle ; Norwich and Fulham drew 1-1 ; and Crystal Palace won 2-0 at West Bromwich Albion . Macclesfield , the lowest-ranked team in the third round , earned a replay by drawing Sheffield Wednesday 1-1 . Among Sunday 's matches , Derby hosts Chelsea and Manchester United entertains Swansea .	Arsenal defeats Tottenham 2-0 to advance to the fourth round of the FA Cup Arsenal is the second most successful side in the competition behind Man United Aston Villa was the only Premier League team to lose to lower-division opposition Blackburn scores in the second half to draw Manchester City and force a replay
CNN  -- CNN has won an Amnesty International Media award for its documentary World 's Untold Stories : Locked up and Forgotten . The winning half-hour film , presented by CNN 's Nairobi correspondent David McKenzie , highlights the negligence and social taboos suffered by Kenya 's mentally disabled community , who live a life hidden away in slums and remote villages across the country . Deprived of medical care and therapy , an estimated three million mentally disabled individuals are ostracized by society , concealed and locked away inside their own communities , often by their own families . Watch the documentary Lost and Forgotten When it first aired on CNN the documentary sparked widespread debate , bringing the plight of Kenya 's mentally disabled to the forefront of the world 's media , leading domestic and international human rights groups to call for government intervention . McKenzie said : "  It 's fitting that the Amnesty International logo is a candle because it is an honor and a privilege to be awarded this prize for a documentary that shines a light on the shocking state of mental health in Kenya and beyond . " The Amnesty International Media Award jurors praised the program for putting the issue high on the media 's agenda and subsequently bringing the matter to the attention of Kenyan government , who have called for change . "  David McKenzie took an unknown story and brought it to the attention of the world , testament that hard hitting journalism can incite global change , " CNN International Managing Director Tony Maddox said . "  It is an honor to have your journalism recognized by Amnesty International as powerful enough to truly make a difference . " The award is the World 's Untold Stories strand 's second win in the International Television and Radio category since it first aired on CNN in 2009 . In 2009 the strand took the award with The Forgotten People for its expose of the on-going persecution of the ethnic Rohingya people in their bid to escape terrible privation in Myanmar -- formerly Burma -- and in neighboring countries .	CNN documentary highlighted plight of mentally disabled people in Kenya An estimated three million people are deprived of medical care and therapy , and hidden away Documentary sparked international interest , calls for government action
Washington  CNN  -- A Republican congressman who unexpectedly participated in President Obama 's health care speech in 2009 by heckling the chief executive says he will be flanked by two Democrats on Tuesday night to show his willingness to work with the opposition party . Rep. Joe Wilson of South Carolina shouted "  You lie ! " during the president 's address on health care in September 2009 . The chief executive had just denied that illegal immigrants were covered in his proposed health care plan . Wilson apologized for his outburst that night , but came under widespread criticism from both parties for what was seen as disrespect . In a written statement at the time , Wilson said , "  This evening , I let my emotions get the best of me when listening to the president 's remarks regarding the coverage of illegal immigrants in the health care bill . " Wilson 's statement continued , "  While I disagree with the president 's statement , my comments were inappropriate and regrettable . I extend sincere apologies to the president for this lack of civility . " On Monday , Wilson spokesman Neal Patel told CNN that the congressman will be flanked during this year 's State of the Union address by Democratic Reps. Susan Davis of California and Madeleine Z. Bordallo of Guam . All three serve on the House Armed Services Committee . Democratic Senator Mark Udall initiated the idea of mixed seating for the State of the Union . Wilson was invited by the two women to sit in the section traditionally populated by Democrats . His spokesman said he was "  honored " by the overture .	Rep. Joe Wilson was criticized by both parties for his outburst during 2009 Obama speech He apologized at the time , calling his comment "  inappropriate and regrettable " He 'll sit with two Democrats during Tuesday 's State of the Union address , spokesman says Reps. Susan Davis of California and Madeleine Bordallo of Guam invited Wilson to sit with them
CNN  -- Libya 's most recent prime minister under the regime of deposed dictator Moammar Gadhafi was in Libyan custody on Sunday after extradition from Tunisia , a Libyan justice official said . Al-Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi was handed over to prison officials in Tripoli , said the official , who asked not to be named as he is not authorized to speak to the media . Al-Mahmoudi was arrested in September near Tamaghza , near Tunisia 's border with Algeria . At the time , the Tunisian interior minister said he had entered Tunisia illegally without a visa . The ministry said he was attempting to cross into Algeria at the time of his arrest . A decision to sentence him to six months in prison was later overturned on appeal . Al-Mahmoudi is the first high-level Libyan official to be sent back for trial . In November , a Tunisian court rejected a request to release al-Mahmoudi and decided to extradite him despite arguments from his defense team that the lack of stability in Libya means he would not have a fair trial , according to Tunisian state news reports . Human Rights Watch also called on Tunisia to halt al-Mahmoudi 's extradition , saying the former premier is expected to face "  a real risk of toruture . " Gadhafi , who ruled Libya for nearly 42 years , was toppled in a civil war last year and killed after several months in hiding . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Al-Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi is in the custody of prison officials in Tripoli He was arrested in Tunisia in September He was the prime minister under former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi
In a dry and dusty soccer field the boys shrieked and screamed as kids in the midst of a highly competitive soccer game often do . A neighborhood resident pointed towards another three boys on their bikes off to the side watching . "  See where they are ? That is where the cars would pull up , " he told me . "  They would drag a man out and execute him . Some days it was more than one . " Just a few years ago , this same soccer field was an Al Qaeda killing ground where , like clockwork every day right before evening prayers , executions would take place , and young boys -- the same ages as those now playing soccer in front of us -- would gather to watch the macabre event , seemingly immune to the horrors they were witnessing . That was in February , when we were in Iraq filming stories for the 10-year anniversary of the start of the Iraq War . In April I found out that a couple of the boys we filmed were killed in a bombing down the road . The bomb -- containing 2 kilograms of highly explosive material -- was hidden in a plastic bag , placed outside of a three-story building that had a popular ice cream parlor on the first floor . The boys were there . This is the tragic norm of Iraq that people are forced to live with . Violence few understand , fear that permeates every aspect of life , where even a simple action like taking children to eat ice cream can result in death . This past year has seen a marked increase in attacks , especially coordinated simultaneous strikes , a trademark of ISI -- the Islamic State of Iraq -- an umbrella organization that includes al Qaeda in Iraq . Baghdad is a maze of blast walls and checkpoints , with Iraqi security forces "  beefing up " security but hardly accomplishing anything more than creating ever-more frustrating traffic jams . The government touts instances when it has managed to diffuse bombs , but the harsh reality is that they simply can not stem the violence . July was the deadliest month in Iraq in the last five years since the peak of sectarian violence in 2006 and 2007 . According to the U.N. , 1,057 Iraqis were killed and another 2,326 were wounded in acts of terrorism and violence last month . And on Saturday bombings spanning from Nassiriya in the south , to Baghdad , to Mosul in the north claimed dozens of lives and wounded nearly two hundred more . It was Eid , the three day holiday that marks the end of the holy month of Ramadan . The explosions mostly went off in predominantly Shiite areas -- at coffee shops , markets and bus stops . "  Where are the security forces ? " a man at one of the bomb sites asked angrily . "  If you -- Prime Minister Maliki -- can not deal with security , let someone else ! " Anger and frustration among Iraqis is heartbreakingly palpable . The Islamic State of Iraq claimed responsibility in a statement , saying that the violence was intended to be a message to the "  animals of Rawafdh ` Shiite ' and their government . " Al Qaeda in Iraq  AQI  was once described by the U.S. military before it withdrew from Iraq in 2011 as being "  on the run . " But that clearly is no longer the case . To start with , Iraq security forces were never capable of containing the "  security gains " of the U.S.-military era . AQI and other Sunni extremist groups have capitalized on the predominantly Shiite-led government 's failure to bring Sunnis into the political fold . Iraq 's Sunni population maintains that it is being systematically targeted by government forces and grows more alienated and disenfranchised by the day . And Iraq remains a nation where violence and politics go hand in hand . AQI has also expanded its operations into Syria under the umbrella of "  Al Qaeda in Iraq and the Levant  Syria  . " Its head , who goes by the pseudonym Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi or Abu Dua'a , among others , is believed to be mostly operating out of Syria . But al Qaeda 's resurgence and its operations are just one part of the messy and vicious patchwork of forces that govern this part of the world at the expense of the civilian population sucked into an existential battle that started millennia ago . Those forces include the ongoing regional struggle pitting Shiite Iran against Sunni Saudi Arabia and Qatar -- regional powerhouse who have found proxy battlefields in Syria and Iraq -- along with Russia and America . The fates of Iraq and Syria are growing more intertwined by the day , and it is the civilians always who continue to be victims of this lethal web of dynamics over which they have little control . Iraq : 10 years on Why the war in Iraq was fought for Big Oil What Iraq could teach us about Syria	The past year has seen a marked increase in attacks in Iraq , writes Arwa Damon Despite occasionally diffusing bombs , the government can not stem the violence , she says July was the deadliest month in Iraq in the last five years According to the U.N. , 1,057 Iraqis were killed and 2,326 wounded last month
CNN  -- Americans commemorated this week the loss of those who died at the hands of al Qaeda terrorists on September 11 , 2001 . Their leader chimed in a day later with new threats against the United States . Ayman al-Zawahiri called on his followers in an audio message posted on the Internet on Thursday to "  land a large strike on it , even if it takes years of patience for this . " 9/11 anniversary : ` Our hearts still ache , ' Obama says Al-Zawahiri has headed al Qaeda , since a U.S. military operation killed his predecessor and al Qaeda 's founder , Osama bin Laden , in May 2011 in Pakistan . In his message , he claimed victory against the United States in Iraq and Afghanistan . He called on terrorists to continue the battle on American soil . Al-Zawahiri named the Boston Marathon bombings on April 15 as an example of such an attack . Read more : Jihadist terrorism in America since 9/11 He encouraged his followers to provoke the United States into spending more on security , in order to "  bleed America economically . " In August the Obama administration closed 19 embassies and consulates across the Middle East and North Africa after intercepting communications between al Qaeda leaders indicating possible strikes on U.S. interests . In a message between al-Zawahiri and a top ally in Yemen , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , the leader of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the terror chief told the Yemeni commander to "  do something , " which U.S. officials inferred to mean an attack . In his audio message Thursday , Zawahiri also claimed victory over the United States in Yemen . But extensive drone attacks there allegedly carried out by the United States over the past two years have whittled away at al Qaeda 's infrastructure and killed key leaders , diminishing its ability to carry out attacks .	To commemorate 9/11 , al Qaeda 's leader issued new threats Ayman al-Zawahiri called on his followers to "  land a large strike " He named the Boston Marathon bombings as an example Drone strikes have weakened al Qaeda in Yemen
CNN  -- Indonesian authorities say they have arrested five people after allegedly finding $ 2.6 million worth of cocaine in a British woman 's luggage . Lindsay June Sandiford was found to have blocks of cocaine in her suitcase after she arrived in Bali on a Thai Airways flight , government officials said . She covered her face as she was escorted in front of the media Monday . Sandiford -- who was described as a 55-year-old housewife by the British media -- has not made a public statement . Video from Monday did not show her speaking . Three other Britons and an Indian national are also being questioned , the BBC said . "  The cocaine brought by the smuggler was of the very rare type , " Made Wijaya , head of the airport 's customs office , told the official Antara news agency . Sandiford allegedly had 4.8 kilograms  10.6 pounds  of the drug , the report said . The drug sells on the black market at $ 533 per gram -- making the full load worth $ 2.6 million , the state news agency said . In the course of the investigation , authorities also arrested three more people from Britain and one from India in connection with the alleged drug transportation , all accused of being "  part of an international syndicate , " the state-run news agency said . The British Foreign Office said it is "  aware " of the arrests and is "  ready to provide consular assistance . " Indonesia carries tough penalties for drug offenses and smugglers can face the death penalty .	10.6 pounds of "  very rare type " of the drug seized at Bali airport , customs official says Indonesian authorities arrest four Britons and one Indian in an alleged "  international syndicate " The woman has not made a public statement
CNN  -- There 's no doubt that Boyz II Men know a little something about love . The superstar R&B group even used the word as the title of their new album . "  Love " is their second project of cover tunes and also marks another go-round working with "  American Idol " judge Randy Jackson , who was a producer on the successful "  Motown : A Journey Through Hitsville USA . " The group covers a variety of love tunes , including Journey 's "  Open Arms , " the Goo Goo Dolls ' "  Iris , " and "  In My Life " by the Beatles . Boyz II Men clearly still loves performing , as they spend most of the year on the road thrilling fans with their classic hits like "  End of the Road " and "  I 'll Make Love To You . " Members Wanya Morris and Nate Morris  fellow member Shawn Stockman was sick with the H1N1 virus  spoke with CNN about their latest musical endeavor , what music puts them in the mood and whether fans should expect a reunion with former member Michael McCary . CNN : Why name the album "  Love ? " Wanya Morris : The title embodies everything that Boyz II Men represents . Every album we have ever done has always had a representation of love . We tried to reach and delve inside of this album and to not just go with the sound , but also the lyrical content that embodies that representation of love CNN : Boyz II Men has been around for almost 20 years . How has the music business changed ? Nate Morris : A lot of people do n't understand that music conforms to the day and times that it is in . It is a circular motion , but it never comes back exactly the same . We believe that the soul , the understanding , of true music has kind of disappeared . There was a time early in the '70s and the '80s when we started getting into the computers and synthesizers that we started getting away from it then , too . Right now , with the auto-tune and all of these different pro tools , we are kind of getting away from it again . This album is the type of album that will hopefully try to steer some of those musical people back in the direction of true music . CNN : There do n't really seem to be any R&B groups out right now representing like Boyz II Men has in the past . Why do you think that is ? Wanya : Groups are hard to come by . A lot of times , when a group is put together by an entity or a manager , -LSB- the members -RSB- never really had aspirations of being in a group . With our group , music put us together . We were not contrived by a manager . We loved the way we sounded together , even before we liked each other . CNN : How has Boyz II Men changed ? Nate : We have definitely grown in more ways than one . We have children now , some of us wives and relationships . We 're very big believers in learning and trying to gain as much wisdom as we can . We 've had some ups and downs in our careers , just like people have in their lives , and it 's set in a situation mentally where we understand our position in life . CNN : What 's the biggest lesson you both have learned as entertainers ? Nate : To stay consistent . It 's OK to move with the times , but stay consistent with who you are , not just because of who you are , but because of who your fans fell in love with . We try to be different , but we try not to sway too far from who our fans know us to be because you ca n't gain those people back if you lose them . CNN : What 's the first single from the new album ? Wanya : The first single we are pushing for is "  I Ca n't Make You Love Me , " originally done by Bonnie Raitt . We wanted to stay true to our roots , and it 's a very beautiful song . And with our sound , we gave it an R&B twist . It 's always been a favorite of ours , and we hope people will fall in love with it again . CNN : Is it difficult to cover songs that are so beloved and have been hugely successful ? Nate : Oh yes . There are so many people that have listened to these songs and fallen in love with the song as it was originally performed . We know that these songs have a fan base . We try to put our interpretation with how we think the song should be without swinging too far away from the solid concrete melody . Wanya : Integrity is important . Just like someone doing "  End of the Road . " If they take it so far away from what people know , the fans want to know , "  Why did they do that ? " CNN : Your music has set the mood for so many fans . What do you listen to when you want to get in the mood ? Wanya : Marvin Gaye , the Isley Brothers , anything with a nice feel . Nate : Anything lovely and sexy . I always tell people that everybody 's feelings about love are different . It 's funny because you take a language like English that only has one word to describe "  love , " while a language like Spanish has four or five . That gives you the understanding that love can mean so many different things to different people . CNN : Any upcoming plans for an album of original material ? Nate : Late , late next year , we are planning on releasing a Boyz II Men 20th anniversary album , which we are hoping to be a double CD . There 's a slim chance that our fourth member of the group will be back for that album .	Boyz II Men have a new album of cover tunes , their second "  Love " features the R&B group singing love songs from various artists The group will soon celebrate 20 years in the music industry They hope to celebrate their anniversary with a double CD , reunion with former member
New York  CNN  -- The 10 Haitian students from Sts . Joachim and Anne 's School in New York 's Queens Village boarded the yellow school bus thinking they were headed to the library on a special school trip . When they got off , however , it was n't at a library but at Yankee Stadium in the Bronx . It was the beginning of a day full of surprises . The children , ages 7 to 13 , are survivors of the catastrophic Haitian earthquake of January 2010 . Several of them lost friends and family and they themselves became refugees . They all have gone through trauma and have painful memories . But Wednesday was a day to put those memories aside , if even for a short while , and to enjoy a baseball game and other good times provided by the New York Yankees . Yankee shortstop Derek Jeter hustled up the dugout steps and greeted the kids , "  How you doing ? I 'm Derek Jeter . Nice to meet you . " "  Young lady how are you ? " asked Yankee manager Joe Girardi . The Yankees call this HOPE Week . It stands for Helping Others Preserve and Excel , an initiative in which the Yankees reach out to an individual , family or organization they think is "  worthy of recognition and support . " This is the third year for the charity event . "  It 's an opportunity for us to give back , but in the long run , we 're the ones who are truly blessed by these people " Girardi told CNN . The kids were treated to seeing the baseball superstars take their batting practice before the game . One of the children , Charles , got to throw out the ceremonial first pitch . After the game , first baseman Jorge Posada had the students race around the infield bases before they boarded a double-decker tour bus along with a few of the Yankees for a tour of the city . Yankees pitcher CC Sabathia said of the kids on the tour , "  Being able to hang out with them going on a bus tour in New York City , I think is pretty cool and I 've never done it . The kids are excited , so we are excited . " When the kids got to midtown Manhattan , everybody piled out of the bus and into the lobby of the Empire State Building for the ceremonial lighting of building , followed by a skyline view from the 86th floor observatory . Nine-year-old Frantz Blues summed it up pretty well when he said , "  New York is really , really big . " From there it was onto a pizzeria , where Derek Jeter boarded the bus with some pies . He knew the kids were glad to see him , but not because of his 3,000-plus hits : "  It 's fun , but you know I think the kids are more happy with the pizza than me showing up . " The children 's principal , Linda Freebes , acknowledged what the day meant for the youngsters : "  I 'm sure that they will treasure this memory forever . And all the unhappiness they had , this is a glimmer of sunshine and hope in their lives . "	A group of Haitian children are surprised with a trip to a Yankee ball game Derek Jeter and Joe Girardi are among those who greet them Afterward , team members take them on a tour of New York City
Fifteenth-century Arabs were the first to cultivate coffee and a Frenchman was behind the 1843 debut of the world 's first commercial espresso machine . There have been a few leaps forward since then . "  People are more and more interested in where the beans come from , and how they 're harvested and roasted , " says New Zealand barista champion Nick Clark of Wellington 's Flight Coffee . "  There are so many variables involved in producing a great cup of coffee these days , and the industry has had to evolve to meet growing consumer expectations . " The world 's best coffee cities are those where the coffee is n't just good -- it 's great . Have you got a favorite coffee city ? Top coffee shop ? Share your coffee love in the comments below . London Aussies and Kiwis opened the city 's first espresso-focused coffee shops  such as Flat White and Kaffeine  a decade ago and they 've been popping up across the city ever since . "  London still has a long way to go with café service , but in the past five years there 's been so much growth , which is a great thing to be part of , " says Estelle Bright , head barista at London 's Caravan . Local order : Flat white or cappuccino . "  London is still in the grip of the flat white craze , but cappuccinos are similarly popular , " says Bright . Top shops : East London boasts the highest concentration of quality coffee shops and cafes . Allpress , Climpson & Sons and Caravan are standouts . Melbourne "  The coffee culture in Melbourne is just incredible , " says reigning World Barista Champion Pete Licata , from the United States . Coffee is such an integral part of the Melbourne lifestyle that the city even hosts an annual coffee expo . Local order : Piccolo latte . While lattes , cappuccinos and flat whites remain popular , piccolo lattes  made with less milk so the espresso tastes stronger  are the drink du jour . Top shops : "  It 's nearly impossible to find a bad cup of coffee in Melbourne , " says Licata . For real coffee purists , there 's Axil Coffeehouse Roasters in Hawthorn  322 Burwood Road  , Auction Rooms in North Melbourne and Dead Man Espresso in South Melbourne . Hidden Secrets Tours runs café culture walks . Reykjavik , Iceland After the Dutch , Scandinavians have the highest coffee consumption per capita in the world . While Finns drink the most among Scandinavians , Icelanders are also coffee crazy . "  Not too long ago , cafés in Reykjavík were more about the food , " says Kristin Thora , a barista at Icelandic institution Kaffitar and reigning National Cupping Champion . "  You 'd have coffee and cake and did n't mind how the coffee was as long as the cake was good . "  Then , about 25 years ago , people started to care about how their coffee was served . " With Iceland 's lack of commercial coffee behemoths , smaller businesses have had a chance to flourish . Now you can hardly walk a city block without passing a coffee shop . Local order : Latte or cappuccino . "  Drip coffee is popular in the home , but Icelanders tend go to coffeehouses for espresso-based drinks , " says Thora . Top shops : With seven coffee shops and a roaster to its name , Kaffitar is the closest thing Iceland has to a coffee chain . Stofan and Kaffismidja are hipster faves . Rome Coffee is so much a part of Italian culture that you 'll rarely encounter a local who does n't drink it . But believe it or not , it 's not always that easy to find a decent espresso in Italy , with critics whispering that Italians have been resistant to adopt modern barista techniques . But with the best of the nation 's baristas calling it home , Rome is your best bet for a quality cup . Local order : Espresso . Custom dictates that milky coffees can only be consumed at breakfast , anyway . Top shops : Rosati in Piazza del Popolo , Sant ' Eustachi by the Pantheon or Giolitti , a few blocks west of the Trevi Fountain , are crowd favorites . Singapore "  Coffee has always been an integral part of Singaporean life , but we 've only recently embraced modern espresso technology , " says Jovena Loon of Café Hopping Singapore . "  Locals have become so obsessed with latte art that it has become a basic criteria for a good café . " Local order : Latte , mocha or cappuccino . Top shops : Jovena recommends Strangers ' Reunion in Chinatown , Dutch Colony in Pasar Bella marketplace , and Bukit Timah and Chye Seng Huat Hardware in Little India . Seattle If there 's one American city that 's consistently ahead of the game , it 's Seattle . The green mermaid is only a small part of the hometown coffee scene . "  Coffee is our liquid sunshine in Seattle , " says Joshua Boyt from Victrola Coffee Roasters , one of the city 's best cafes for coffee geeks . "  Passion for the product , coupled with the sheer number of coffee shops across the city , has created a culture of constant improvement through competition and camaraderie . " Local order : Espresso , cappuccino or a single-origin pour . Top shops : Victrola Coffee Roasters in Capitol Hill , Empire Espresso in Columbia City and Seattle Coffee Works downtown are all solid picks . Vienna , Austria They 're such an important part of Viennese culture that the city 's coffee houses were listed by UNESCO in 2011 as an Intangible Heritage . But modern coffee connoisseurs such as Vienna coffee blogger Lameen Abdul-Malik of From Coffee With Love admit that the standard of coffee in these beloved institutions , which act as public living rooms where people come to chat , read newspapers and eat strudel , are lagging in terms of coffee technology and service expectations . Perhaps not for long . "  Since Vienna hosted the World Barista Championships in 2012 , and new-style independent coffee shops began to open up , the quality of espresso drinks is steadily improving , " says Abdul-Malik . Local order : Espresso or cappuccino in a new style cafe . Or a Vienner melange  similar to a cappuccino , but usually topped with cream  in a traditional coffeehouse . Top shops : Abdul-Maliuk recommends Caffe Couture , Essenti or Coffee Pirates . Demel serves traditional coffee and marvelous cakes . Wellington , New Zealand While the ubiquitous flat white was purportedly invented in Sydney , the drink was perfected in Wellington , where it 's become the nation 's unofficial national beverage . "  Wellington-ites really know their coffee , and there is a very high standard being served around the city , " says Clark . "  Wellington is also a small city ; there 's a lot of interaction between consumers and professionals , which helps our industry to improve and grow . " Local order : Flat white . It 's a religion . Top shops : It 's tough to find a bad coffee in New Zealand . Some of Wellington 's best coffee shops include Flight Coffee Hangar , Memphis Belle and Lamason Brew Bar . Have you got a favorite coffee city ? Coffee shop ? Share the coffee love in the comments below .	After the Dutch , Scandinavians have the highest coffee consumption per capita in the world Coffee culture in Melbourne "  just incredible " says reigning World Barista Champion Singapore is Asia 's coffee capital Seattle ? Of course !
CNN  -- The general manager for the New Orleans Saints said Thursday he has never listened in on an opposing team 's communications , or asked to have the capability . Allegations that he had the ability to eavesdrop on coaches for nearly three seasons were not true , Mickey Loomis told reporters . "  I have a clear conscience . " "  In my 29 years in the NFL , I have never listened to an opposing team 's communications , " Loomis said . "  I have never asked for the capability to listen to an opposing team 's communications . I have never inquired as to the possibility of listening in on an opposing team 's communications . And I have never been aware of any capability to listen in on an opposing team 's communications at the Superdome or any NFL stadium . " Louisiana State Police have joined the FBI in looking into the matter . "  All we have now are allegations of illegal use of wiretapping and eavesdropping , " state police Superintendent Mike Edmonson said earlier this week . Loomis said he did not know who made the eavesdropping claim . "  I 'm angry about it , " he said . ESPN reported this week that the Saints general manager had a device in his Superdome suite that was wired to allow him to hear members of the opposing coaching staff from 2002 to 2004 . The stadium suffered severe damage in 2005 , when Hurricane Katrina ripped through the city . Citing anonymous sources , the report said it could not determine for certain whether Loomis ever used the system . On Monday , Saints spokesman Greg Bensel called the report "  1,000 % false -- completely inaccurate . " "  We asked ESPN to provide us evidence to support their allegations , and they refused . The team and Mickey are seeking all legal recourse regarding these false allegations , " he said . Jim Haslett , former Saints coach and current defensive coordinator for the Washington Redskins , similarly cast doubt on the ESPN report . "  At no time during my tenure as head coach with the New Orleans Saints did Mickey and I discuss monitoring opposing team coach 's communication , nor did I have any knowledge of this . To my knowledge this concept was never discussed or utilized , " he said in a statement . The statute of limitations for wiretapping crimes is typically five years , according to CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin . When asked how that fact might figure into the investigation , Edmonson said , "  Let 's find out that if the allegations are factual and if state law has been compromised first . Then it will be up to the U.S. attorney or district attorney to review the matter . " A spokesman for the National Football League said Monday that the league had no prior knowledge of the wiretapping accusations , which come on the heels of another Saints scandal . This month , the NFL upheld penalties it imposed against the Saints and members of its coaching staff for the team 's bounty program . The unprecedented punishment was handed down in March after an NFL investigation found that the team had an "  active bounty program " during the 2009 , 2010 and 2011 seasons . During this time , players were purportedly offered payments if they managed to hurt opposing players and knock them out of a game . The stiffest penalty handed down -- an indefinite ban -- was given to Gregg Williams , the Saints defensive coordinator who , over the offseason , moved to take that same position with the St. Louis Rams . Head coach Sean Payton was suspended for the entire 2012-13 season . Loomis was suspended without pay for the season 's first eight regular season games , while assistant head coach Joe Vitt was suspended without pay for the first six regular season games . The team was also fined $ 500,000 and ordered to forfeit its second-round draft picks in 2012 and 2013 , the NFL has said . Loomis said Thursday the team respects the NFL 's decision on the bounty program "  It is our job to move forward . Player safety is a paramount issue for the league and the New Orleans Saints . " CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Mickey Loomis denies he listened in on communications , or tried to Authorities are looking into eavesdropping , wiretapping allegations The Saints are already in hot water over their bounty program Loomis said the Saints have accepted penalties related to that
CNN  -- As many as 12,000 Puerto Rican schoolchildren , teachers and school administrators are believed to be victims of an identity-theft ring that sold stolen personal documents to illegal immigrants in the mainland United States , according to the FBI . A federal grand jury this week indicted eight people on charges of identity theft , aggravated identity theft and Social Security fraud . "  In search warrants , we found over 5,000 different types of identification documents -- originals and copies , Social Security cards and birth certificates , " FBI spokesman Harry Rodriguez said in a telephone interview Tuesday from San Juan . "  They were selling them as a set ; an original birth certificate and Social Security card sold for $ 150 or more . Copies sold for $ 40 or more , " he said . Rodriguez called it the biggest case of identity theft in his 15 years with the FBI in Puerto Rico . The investigation began after a string of school burglaries swept the island in 2007 , said Lymarie Llovet-Ayala , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office . Authorities believe the suspects broke into about 50 public schools and stole personal files belonging to students , teachers and school administrators . In Puerto Rico , students must provide an original or a copy of their birth certificate to be registered in a school . "  They are children ; they do n't have credit cards or property so it is much harder to detect identity theft , " Llovet-Ayala said . "  We are in the process of identifying all the victims . " Llovet-Ayala said authorities have been able to identify buyers of stolen identification materials in Texas , Alaska and California , where ring members mailed documents to different contacts . The seven men and one woman indicted Monday -- some from Puerto Rico and some from the Dominican Republic -- face up to 15 years in a federal prison , with fines up to $ 250,000 if they are convicted , she said . The suspects had their first hearing Tuesday and are being held in a federal prison in Puerto Rico . Authorities are searching for another suspect , she said . The Puerto Rican suspects will have their bail hearing Wednesday . The Dominican suspects will appear in court April 13 . The agency for Immigration and Customs Enforcement will take over the latter group once they have been processed in Puerto Rico . The U.S. attorney 's office has asked potential victims to contact the FBI at 787-754-6000 or 877-324-7577 .	Grand jury indicts eight people on charges of identity theft , Social Security fraud Ring sold stolen documents to illegal immigrants on U.S. mainland , FBI says As many as 12,000 Puerto Ricans , including schoolchildren , reportedly affected Official : Probe began after string of school burglaries in Puerto Rico in 2007
