WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The House of Representatives passed a bill Thursday that would give the Food and Drug Administration the authority to regulate the advertising and sale of tobacco products in the United States . The bill would give the FDA the authority to require the posting of larger warning labels on tobacco products The measure passed by a vote of 298-112 . Only eight Democrats voted against the bill ; a majority of Republicans opposed it . The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act , which now moves to the Senate for further consideration , would allow the FDA to restrict the marketing of tobacco and ban candy-flavored cigarettes . It would also allow the agency to regulate nicotine and other ingredient levels , as well as force greater disclosure of the contents of tobacco products . Among other things , it would give the FDA the authority to require the posting of larger warning labels on cigarette cartons and other tobacco products . Tobacco companies could be barred from running ads implying , critics say , that "  mild " or "  low-tar " cigarettes are less harmful . "  This legislation is a major victory for those of us who prize the health of this nation over the profits of tobacco companies , " J. Randall Curtis , the incoming head of the American Thoracic Society , said in a written statement . "  We applaud the House for passing the bill and hope that the Senate will move it through quickly so that President Obama can sign it into law as he has already indicated he would . Swift action could prevent tens of thousands of future deaths . " North Carolina Sens. Richard Burr and Kay Hagan have introduced separate legislation in the Senate that would create a new agency to oversee the tobacco industry . Critics say such an agency would do a less effective job regulating tobacco products . "  It 's a legal product , " Hagan said in a recent interview with the Charlotte Observer . "  I do n't want to do anything that would harm the industry in North Carolina . " According to the North Carolina Department of Agriculture , the state is the biggest tobacco producer in the nation .	House bill would give FDA authority to regulate tobacco product ads and sales Bill passes House 298-112 with only eight Democrats opposed , now goes to Senate Ads implying "  mild " or "  low tar " cigarettes are less harmful could be forbidden Separate Senate bill sets up new agency ; critics say it would n't be as effective
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Paris Jackson , the 15-year-old daughter of Michael Jackson , was rushed to a hospital after cutting one of her wrists early Wednesday morning , sources close to the Jackson family told CNN . Paris called a suicide counseling hotline early Wednesday , which lead to a counselor calling 911 to the Jackson home in Calabasas , California , those sources said . "  Being a sensitive 15-year-old is difficult no matter who you are , " attorney Perry Sanders said Wednesday morning . "  It is especially difficult when you lose the person closest to you . Paris is physically fine and is getting appropriate medical attention . Please respect her privacy and the family 's privacy . " Paris Jackson : Superstar 's daughter builds own identity in spotlight Other Jackson sources stopped short of calling the incident a suicide attempt , although one suggested it might be "  a cry for help " from the teenager . Paris posted messages to her million-plus Twitter followers late Tuesday evening : "  i wonder why tears are salty ? " "  yesterday , all my troubles seemed so far away "  now it looks as though they 're here to stay " The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said its deputies "  responded to a medical situation " at an address that matches the Jacksons ' Calabasas home at 1:27 a.m. Wednesday . A patient was taken to a hospital , it said . Paris , along with her grandmother , Katherine Jackson , and her brothers , Prince and Blanket , are suing AEG Live for liability in Michael Jackson 's 2009 drug overdose death . Paris and Prince are listed as witness in the Los Angeles trial and have been expected to testify in the wrongful death trial later this month . Jackson trial lawyer Kevin Boyle spoke to reporters outside of court Wednesday afternoon , saying Paris can decide if she will testify during their part of the case , but AEG Live has subpoenaed her , calling her a key witness . "  The Jackson family and the Jackson lawyers are putting no pressure on Paris regarding this case at all , " Boyle said . "  It is AEG who is putting this case at Paris ' back door . " Paris and Prince were questioned separately over two days by AEG lawyers just before the trial began in April . "  A grilling of a child regarding the loss of her father is going to create a lot of pressure , " Boyle said . "  Paris Jackson was asked intimate details about her father and her father 's death ; it was a very intense situation . " AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam denied his team was tough on Paris Jackson in her deposition . "  I do n't think anybody in the world could call it a grilling . " He declined to say he would not call her as a witness if she does not testify during the Jacksons ' case . "  We have to know what they 're putting on as a case before we decide what our defense will be , " Putnam said . "  I have no idea who we 're going to call . " Paris made millions cry four years ago when she spoke up at the end of the public memorial service for her father . "  Ever since I was born , daddy has been the best father you could ever imagine , " she said , fighting back tears as relatives consoled her . "  And I just want to say that I love him so much , " she said as she burst into tears and sought refuge in the embrace of family members . Paris questioned about dad 's death in lawsuit Paris was recently reunited with her mother , who bowed out of her life when she was an infant . She has been spending time with Debbie Rowe on her horse farm . Rowe issued a statement through her lawyer Wednesday morning : "  We appreciate everyone 's thoughts for Paris at this time and their respect for the family 's privacy . "	NEW : AEG Live asked Paris Jackson "  intimate details about her father in a deposition , " lawyer says NEW : "  A grilling of a child regarding the loss of her father is going to create a lot of pressure , " lawyer says Paris called a suicide hotline , prompting a counselor to call 911 , a source says "  Being a sensitive 15-year-old is difficult no matter who you are , " a Jackson lawyer says
CNN  -- "  To My friends at Sandy Hook Elem . You are in my prayers . Love , Mason B. 2nd Grade , Texas . " Mandie Balderaz 's 8-year-old son placed his memorial to the lost children of Sandy Hook Elementary on a child-size lawn chair in his yard , decorated with stuffed animals and balloons and held down by rocks . Knowing he would hear the news from someplace else , Balderaz figured she had to tell Mason what had happened on Friday in Newtown , Connecticut . In response , Mason decided he wanted to make his own tribute . "  I kept it together and I ran to the store , " she said . "  When I was buying the stuff , it hit me ... it was real . You have to keep that straight face in front of your kids and you have to keep that mom face because I do n't want my 8-year-old living in fear . " Stunned by the loss of innocent life in Friday 's massacre , children and adults around the country were moved to pay tribute to the Sandy Hook schoolchildren , teachers and administrators who lost their lives . People crafted memorials and school sports teams paid homage to lives cut short . Some offered prayers , and others promised never to forget the names of the dead . A child 's condolence letter Although Stephen Kales and his wife would have preferred not to tell their 9-year-old daughter about the shooting , the Kensington , Maryland , parents figured she would eventually hear about it . So he and his wife decided to tell her themselves . "  She was noticeably sad and went into her room to do her homework and eventually came out with those cards , " which she posted on her bedroom door , he said . "  I am Sorry to all the parent 's of those kid , " read one note . "  It was her idea and was her natural way of acknowledging those lost and their grieving families , " Kales said . "  She realized that they were just like her -- and their families just like ours . " No birthday candles this year Jennifer Wallace knew her 12-year-old son was too old for her to protect him from the news . When she picked him up at his Dallas , Texas , school , he 'd already heard about the shooting . Instead of celebrating his 12th birthday over the weekend with candles in his birthday pie , he decided that he wanted to pay tribute with candles for the Newtown victims . "  It was his decision , " said Wallace , who also has a child in kindergarten . "  He said he wanted to do something to honor those victims , and I said I had 27 tea lights , so we lit those . " Redoing his Christmas lights display Suffolk University college sophomore Ryan Emrich photographed the light display he created to honor the Newtown school shooting victims as well as the shooter , who he believes was a victim of mental illness . Using white Christmas lights , the 19-year-old arranged the lights to the number 27 on his front lawn in North Reading , Massachusetts . "  I look at these lights and that number 27 and think of 27 lives , all which were prematurely ended . All of which who were in the process or one day would give back to society in so many ways , " he said . "  My family 's thoughts and prayers are with the families impacted by the tragedies that have occurred over the last week or so , including  the  Oregon mall shooting . " Art finds a way Recent college graduate Deepthy Alias of Orlando wrote a poem within an hour of learning about the Newtown shooting . "  Sometimes we ca n't process things as it is -- then painting or poems come to our rescue -- to help us mourn , to heal and to hope , and to try to hold on  to  the optimism that there must be some goodness still left in the world , " she said . "  I was trying to think like one of the young victims who had to leave way sooner than they should have , " said Alias , 27 . "  They left behind empty homes , heartbroken parents and dreams that can never be fulfilled again . They did nothing wrong to deserve it . And as a society we must answer to each of their lives , to their pain and to their loss . " A promise to remember Mike Kirouac and his wife were so saddened while watching the news that they decided to immediately create an ongoing tribute for the victims using American flags . The Acworth , Georgia , couple started calling stores that night until they found one that had 27 flags and drove 20 miles the next morning to pick them up . "  We felt one American flag for every life lost would be very meaningful , " he said . "  We made a personal commitment to set these flags out every December 14 until the day we meet these angels in heaven . " Many people simply promised to remember the victims and pray for them . "  I will remember the children and teachers who were killed , and pray that they rest in peace , " wrote CNN commenter Erlinda Sheryl Brent . "  I also pray for the families of the victims . I do n't want to suggest that they will find comfort in memories of their loved ones , but I will acknowledge that the fabric of their families is changed forever , and that they are blanketed with love and support . " "  I hope these angels are sent somewhere special for all they have done , " wrote CNN commenter Elise . "  I look at all these beautiful faces and see such promise in their lives . Our prayers go out to all these families that have lost such precious people . " Candles and tears : Portrait of a grieving town	One boy was inspired to write a memorial and place it on his front lawn A girl wrote condolence notes to the victims and posted them on her bedroom door Birthday candles and Christmas lights are replaced by tributes People make the simple promise to pray for the victims and remember them
CNN  -- You got served , Conan O'Brien . The late night talk show host discovered that diplomats have a way with words when he tweeted Thursday , "  I picked out my Halloween costume . I 'm going as ` Slutty Madeleine Albright . ' " The former secretary of state responded with a bit of her own humor : " . @ConanOBrien I 'm considering going as hunky Conan O'Brien - but that might be too far fetched . " Burn ! The tweet seemed to tickle O'Brien , who came back with " . @Madeleine YES - My first twitter war with a former Secretary of State ! You 're next , George P. Shultz ! " Albright , who in the Clinton administration in 1997 became the first woman to serve as secretary of state , offered the funnyman 90 characters of wisdom : " . @ConanOBrien Never get into a word war with a diplomat . We talk even more than comedians . " The sparring ended with O'Brien tweeting , "  Damn - Whenever I go toe to toe with @Madeleine Albright , she always wins . " Indeed .	O'Brien tweeted about being "  Slutty Madeleine Albright " for Halloween The ex-secretary of state responded with her own putdown Albright warned the comedian not to battle a diplomat
Mental Floss  -- Fantasy football drafts are firing up , and workplace productivity will soon grind to a halt as half the office spends half the day managing their rosters in an attempt to get the next Steve Slaton off the waiver wire . Just because you 're not a football fan does n't mean you have to be left out of the fantasy mania , though . There are all sorts of alternative fantasy leagues you can join . Why not try one of these ? Pick your breed of dog , then allocate your "  funds " to help train and groom it into a champion on Showdog.com . Fantasy music league If you spend more time listening to the radio than watching sports , the Fantasy Music League might be right up your alley . In this league your job is to compile a roster that has more real-life chart movement and album sales than other owners ' "  labels . " You shell out a certain salary to sign the acts you think have the most promise , and if they out-earn your competitors , you 'll earn the fantasy world 's equivalent of a Grammy . The label that 's at the top of the standings for this season , Jenny Baird Records , boasts a roster that includes Fall Out Boy , Daughtry , Justin Timberlake and Fergie . Fantasy dog shows If fantasy leagues come any more adorable than this , we do n't want to see them . Showdog.com allows you to enter a virtual simulation dog show league . You pick your breed of dog , then allocate your "  funds " to help train and groom it into a champion . Your simulated dog can take on other owners ' pooches in a dog-eat-dog competition to help ascertain the best way to breed a champion show dog . All of the glory , none of the fetch ! Mental Floss : America 's most lavish dog spas Fantasy water skiing Water skiing is great fun , but it takes some practice before you can do it well . Why not skip all of those embarrassing spills and noses full of water by just joining a fantasy skiing league instead ? Pick your professional skiers , then get points according to how many buoys your slalom skiers pass , how many points your tricksters pile up , and how far your jumpers soar . Never again will you and your buddies just have to argue in vain about which one of you is really the most hardcore water skiing fan ! Fantasy pro wrestling Like the violence of football but wish you had a fantasy league that stuck to a script ? Try fantasy pro wrestling . Web-based E-wrestling federations allow you to draft a stable of grapplers and then receive points for their performance in the ring and appearances on broadcasts .  We 're guessing the Undertaker is the fantasy wrestling equivalent of Peyton Manning : maybe not the top guy every year , but you know you 're going to get consistently solid production out of him .  Mental Floss : Where are they now ? WWF superstars Fantasy bass fishing The only thing more exciting than watching someone else fish is beating your friends at predicting who will get the nicest bass in their livewell ! ESPN.com offers a Fantasy Fishing Challenge that allows angling fans to create a team of their favorite pro anglers while working under the constraint of a $ 100 salary cap . Each angler has a set "  salary " that he earns , and when you sign one to your team they score you points according to their performances in the Bassmaster Angler of the Year standings . Fantasy Congress Just because you prefer C-SPAN to ESPN does n't mean you ca n't find a way to waste several hours on a fantasy league each week . Try out Fantasy Congress . Although the game 's Web site is currently down , FantasyCongress.com launched in 2006 to allow politics junkies to draft their favorite legislators and then rack up points according to how their Congressmen 's proposed legislation fared , how often they voted , and their willingness to cross party lines to up their "  Maverick Score . " Fantasy eating Do you watch the Nathan 's hot dog eating contest each Fourth of July and find yourself feeling pangs of jealousy because you ca n't match the competitors ' gluttony ? Now you can life vicariously through them ! Krystal Square Off offers fantasy eating leagues for four to seven teams that allow you to score points based on how many mini hamburgers your roster can wolf down .  Hot tip : I sat next to "  Humble " Bob Shoudt and his adorable daughter on their flight home from Shoudt 's winning performance at the Nashville Krystal Square Off in 2006 . Not only did the man look like he could down some burgers -- his world record is 28 in two minutes -- but he was also maybe the most doting , sweetest father I 've ever seen . Pick against this guy at your own risk .  Mental Floss : 10 foods that are aphrodisiacs Fantasy bowling You might not be able to pick up a 7-10 split , but that does n't mean you ca n't destroy your friends at fantasy bowling . The Lumber Liquidators PBA Tour has its own fantasy league , and it sounds intriguingly easy to play . Your squad scores points based on how your bowlers finish in individual tournaments , so if you 've got a guy who piles up strike after strike , you 're going to be tough to beat . According to the league 's Web site , the number four overall pick is a guy named Rhino Page . Do you really want to pick against a guy named Rhino ? For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Showdog.com allows you to enter a virtual simulation dog show league Web-based E-wrestling federations allow you to draft a stable of grapplers Krystal Square Off offers fantasy eating leagues for four to seven teams
CNN Student News  -- Test your knowledge - February is Black History Month . What do you know about the significant people , places and events that helped shape America ? Answer these questions and find out . Click here for a PDF version of this quiz . 1 . Who was the first black female representative in Congress ? * * 2 . What Supreme Court ruling declared that school segregation is unconstitutional ? * * 3 . Who became the first black student at the University of Mississippi after hundreds of federal law enforcement officers helped the young man register ? * * 4 . In 1960 , students in what Southern city launched a sit-in movement , sitting at counters in restaurants where black patrons were not served ? * * 5 . What brought Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. to Memphis , where he was assassinated on April 4 , 1968 ? * * 6 . Which current U.S. congressman was once beaten by state troopers on the Edmund Pettus bridge during a march in Alabama in 1965 ? * * 7 . Ursula Burns is the first African-American woman CEO to head a Fortune 500 company . What technology giant does she lead ? * * 8 . Dr. Mae Jemison was the first African-American female to accomplish what feat ? * * 9 . Which of the following organizations , founded in 1909 , is the oldest : United Negro College Fund , National Association for the Advancement of Colored People or National Urban League ? * * 10 . What is the oldest of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities ? * *	February is Black History Month What do you know about the significant people , places and events that helped shape America ? Take this quiz to test your knowledge of black history
CNN  -- One of the next times owners from the 32 NFL teams will all be in one place is Super Bowl XLVIII in February . Officials from the Oneida Indian Nation have asked to join the big party at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey , so they can address the NFL 's kingpins about the R-word . For now , they 'll have to be happy to have met with three vice presidents from the league office . Representatives of the Oneida Nation met Wednesday in New York with executives from the National Football League -- but not NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell or Washington Redskins owner Daniel Snyder . Ray Halbritter , a representative for the Oneida , said he gave NFL vice presidents Adolpho Birch , Paul Hicks and Jeff Pash a letter and a study on the effects of the Redskins name . "  We were somewhat disappointed to say it mildly that they continued to defend the use of the slur , " he said . "  It really does require us to redouble our efforts in dealing with this issue . " A statement from the NFL said the meeting was part of an "  ongoing dialogue . " "  We listened and respectfully discussed the views of Mr. Halbritter , Oneida Nation Wolf Clan Representative Keller George and their colleagues , as well as the sharply differing views of many other Native Americans and fans in general , " the NFL said , according to the statement . Halbritter said the letter asks for another meeting at the Super Bowl so he and the clinical psychologist who put together the study can address every NFL owner on the harm the Redskins name can cause . "  The use of the R-word is not just a victimless crime . It has very real and damaging effects on Native American youth , " he said . Snyder has said the Redskins name will not change . "  After 81 years , the team name ` Redskins ' continues to hold the memories and meaning of where we came from , who we are , and who we want to be in the years to come , " he wrote in a letter on the team 's website . The nickname is a "  badge of honor , " he wrote . Besides the request for a Super Bowl meeting , Halbritter said the letter also asks Goodell to add an NFL rule that prohibits league franchises from naming teams with dictionary-defined racial slurs . The Oneida also want Goodell to sanction Snyder , if he does n't change the name . And they also invited Snyder and Goodell to come to Oneida land in central New York , the two-page letter says . The Washington Post reported that Snyder met with Goodell on Tuesday and the Washington owner reiterated he was keeping the Redskins name .	Officials from Native American group displeased after meeting with NFL officials Oneida Nation representative says group wants to have forum with owners at Super Bowl NFL says meeting is part of "  ongoing dialogue "
Editor 's note : Erin Rooney Doland , a reformed hoarder , offers her best cures for clutter . Real Simple  -- 1 . Tear down the museum . In my youth , I was fearless . I forged strong friendships and created a history for myself that seemed worth remembering . So I held on to every trinket from my past . But I kept so many of these historical artifacts  see Hair , Matt 's  that I did n't have any room for the present . I wanted to throw parties and have friends to visit in a home where they could actually sit down . So I photographed those hold things , then cleared them out to make space for the next chapters of my life . 2 . Assess true value . A hefty chuck of what I moved into our home was obsolete computer equipment . When I looked at it , I saw dollar signs . Then my economist friend , Stephen , reminded me of the fallacy of sunk costs . I was sizing up those old computers based on what I had spent rather than their present value : close to zero . I sold the lot to a used-electronics store for $ 60  not bad , considering  and got a much needed haircut with the cash . Real Simple : 5 Ways to Stay Cool Under Pressure 3 . Know thyself . I liked to think of myself as someone who exercised every day by running on a giant motorized treadmill , read all the literary classics , and baked cookies for every special occasion . The reality ? I am not a runner , I like to read pop fiction , and cookies are n't really my thing . The treadmill , the boxes of books , and some kitchen gadgets all found new homes . 4 . Trust me : You wo n't fix it . Most of the broken things I had brought with me were shoes . Heels or straps had come off , and I was convinced I would someday have them repaired . My husband held the shoes up in front of me , pair by pair , and asked two questions : "  If you saw these shoes in a store today , would you buy them ? " and "  If you say yes , how much would you pay for them ? " In all but one case , I admitted that I would n't buy the shoes again . And those red kitten heels with the broken sole ? The amount I was wiling to pay was less than the cost of having them fixed . Real Simple : How to Sell , Swap , or Donate Clothes 5 . Do look a gift horse in the mouth . My decorating tastes may change over time , but I am fairly certain I will never enjoy a home filled with a series of rhinestone-accented paintings of scary clowns . Yet I had hoarded these and other unattractive presents because I thought that was the decent thing to do . I also was n't sure what I would say if someone noticed his gift missing and asked why . Well , you know what ? No one has . Not even the bestower of scary clowns . 6 . Adapt to your surroundings . I had a used Volvo 740 GLE that was the first car I had purchased after college . Before I moved Washington , I lived in the Midwest , where it was tough to get around without a car . In D.C. , however , we lived next to a metro station , and there was a grocery store two blocks away . The price of parking -- $ 150 a month -- sealed it : The GLE was G-O-N-E . Real Simple : 5 Ways to Develop Thick Skin 7 . Just admit that you do n't like it . As I sorted through my stuff , I became aware of the fact that I did n't even want some of it . There were things I did n't exactly like but did n't exactly hate -- and so lived with them out of pure apathy . This was the easiest clutter to set free . All it took was a little motivation to pack up a few boxes and drop them off at a local charity . 8 . Know what you really need . Often what we need is only related to the thing we have . For instance , I had a huge popcorn maker but could easily pop the modest amount of corn we consumed in a small pot on the stove . Out it went . I also had thousands of documents in bulky filing cabinets . But I needed the information on the pages , not the paper itself . I kept just the documents I had to have in their original form , scanned and saved others as digital files , and tossed the rest-eliminating 300 pounds of paper . Real Simple : 7 Steps to Dealing With Sentimental Clutter 9 . Let go of the guilt . When my grandparents passed away , I inherited a collection of 27 rusty knives , a warped cookie sheet , and a copper bracelet my grandmother had loved to wear . I kept all these items for more than a decade . Eventually I realized that if my grandparents were alive , they would have replaced the cookie sheet and knife set  and been mortified that my aunts had passed on such dangerous accoutrements  . I recycled the kitchen implements , but I kept the bracelet , which I wear and enjoy as much as my grandmother did . 10 . Face it : "  One day " almost never comes . I justified keeping half my wardrobe on the basis that I would use it one day . The hot pink bridesmaid dress from my cousin 's first wedding took up space in my closet for four times the length of her marriage . I hate throwing out potentially useful things . But we could n't afford a larger apartment ; storing all those "  one day " items would cost more than they were worth ; and , an even simpler truth , I have yet to be invited to an event at which a fuchsia dress with taffeta bows might seem appropriate . Real Simple : Banishing Life 's Little Annoyances Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Erin Rooney Doland has some tips for de-cluttering your space The easiest clutter to set free for Doland were things she knew she did n't like Doland scanned important documents as digital files to get rid of 300 pounds of paper
CNN  -- The brief detention in Havana , Cuba , last week of a Portland , Oregon , church group comes on the heels of the detention of an American contractor and could indicate an increasingly chilly reception for some American visitors , according to the church travelers . The December 26 trip for 14 members of the First Unitarian Church of Portland is a reminder of the entrenched tensions between Cuba and the United States despite the Obama administration 's loosening of previous restrictions . The church group was traveling on a U.S.-issued license and planned to do humanitarian work . The group was denied entry to Cuba . Part of the group spent the night detained inside the Havana airport before being put on a plane to Mexico , the church 's social justice minister , the Rev. Kate Lore , told CNN . The most recent trip was under a religious license , but the bulk of the mission was to be devoted to projects such as an AIDS clinic and teaching women how to make baby clothes The church made three trips in November without incident , but things went sour almost immediately after the 14 volunteers exited the plane in December , one of the participants , Jacquie Jones , told CNN . Most of the group passed through customs without a problem , but five members of the group were stopped and had their passports and licenses checked , Jones said . Jones said she told the Cuban officials , "  We love the Cubans . We have many friends here ; there is no reason to keep us out of the country . " The Cuban authorities told the five that they were not allowed inside Cuba because they were there for religious reasons and forced them to wait for almost an hour and a half before putting them on a commercial flight back to Mexico , from where they had traveled . Jones pointed out the U.S. gives travel permits to Cuba for religious work , but the island , at least in this case , rejected the group for the same reason . "  It 's a total Catch-22 , " she said . The reason for the brusque treatment is likely because of the detention of another American earlier this month , several church members said . The detained man , whose name has not been released , is a subcontractor for Development Alternatives Inc. , an international development group on contract with the U.S. government to promote human rights in Cuba . Cuban leader Raul Castro said that the man was detained because he was distributing satellite communications equipment in order to destabilize Cuba . For nearly a half a century , the United States has maintained a trade embargo against Cuba that many on the island nation have blamed for their country 's woes . "  I do n't blame the Cuban government , or our government , but I truly believe something has to be done to normalize relations , " Jones said . The nine others who had already passed through customs faced additional questioning and were detained inside the airport overnight , Carol Slegers , who was part of that group , told CNN . Later , it was learned that Cuban authorities considered imprisoning them , she said . Instead , they were left to find a place to sleep on the floor of the airport . The group ended up sleeping underneath a staircase , using fabric they brought for the clothes-making project as sheets , Slegers said . The next morning , they were put on a plane to Mexico . The Cuban officials "  were rude and cold and indifferent , " Slegers said . "  It was very psychologically disarming . " But , Slegers and others made clear , they were not mistreated by the Cubans . "  We 're upset because of the treatment , but ultimately , we want the policy to change , " she said . "  I hope goodwill and improvement of relations will come out of this incident , moving the two countries beyond the my-belt-is-bigger-than-your-belt diplomacy of the last half century . "	Incident could indicate an increasingly chilly reception for some American visitors Group traveling on a U.S.-issued license , planned to do humanitarian work Cuban authorities put five back on plane to Mexico ; rest spend night on airport floor In another recent incident , an American contractor was detained
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A man accused of planning to attack Prince Charles and Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall during their week-long trip to New Zealand was released on bail Tuesday . Sam Bracanov pleaded not guilty at a hearing at the Auckland District Court and was ordered to re-appear on November 27 , said Brian Reid , the court 's criminal case flow manager . The 74-year old man , a known anti-Royalist , was arrested in Auckland on Monday at one of the venues Charles and Camilla were due to visit during their tour , according to a statement from the New Zealand Police . Neither of the British royal family members were in the vicinity at the time , the statement added . Bracanov was charged with preparing to commit a crime , namely assault , against the royal couple , according to police . Bracanov had planned to throw a bucket of horse manure at Prince Charles , the New Zealand Herald reported . As part of the bail conditions , the court ordered him to stay more than 500 meters  1,640 feet  away from the royal couple , according to the paper . Bracanov said he had been in jail seven times for incidents involving members of the royal family and was not bothered by the order to stay away from them . "  I wo n't do it -LSB- again this week -RSB- , I 've done it once . I was not successful but there 's always next time , " he was quoted as saying . The royals are on a two-week tour of Australia and New Zealand as part of celebrations to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II 's 60-year reign .	New Zealand man charged with attempted attack on royals The 74-year-old was released on bail on Tuesday Reports said he planned to throw bucket of horse manure at Charles and Camilla
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- An Emirati blogger who has called for reform in the United Arab Emirates is being held in Al Wathba prison in Abu Dhabi , his wife said Wednesday Ahmed Mansoor is being treated well , according to wife Nadia , who said she spoke to him Tuesday evening . Mansoor 's attorney , Abdul Hamid Al Kumity , said he is not aware of any charges against his client , but will meet with the prosecutor 's office Wednesday . Dubai police have told Al Kumity that two bottles of whiskey were found in Mansoor 's house . Alcohol is available at hotels and select stores in the UAE , but Muslims are not allowed to buy or possess it . Mansoor 's wife acknowledged that here was alcohol in their house , but said they do n't drink . The alcohol , in a small unopened box , was probably a gift from friends or family , she said . About 10 men , including two wearing police uniforms , picked up Mansoor from his apartment Friday afternoon , according to his wife . The men also took Mansoor 's passport and laptop and left without telling her where they were taking him or why . Fahad Salem al-Shehhi , a friend of Mansoor 's who helped him with his website , was detained Saturday evening , said activist Mohammed al-Mansoori . Al-Shehhi was taken from the Emirate of Ajman , where he was living temporarily while his wife studies there , al-Mansoori said . Al-Shehhi has been without a passport for seven years , he said . The third , Nasser bin Ghaith , an Emirati writer who also maintains a website , was detained Sunday , al-Mansoori said . Officials in the UAE have not responded to persistent queries regarding the detentions . Mansoor has no criminal record or prior incidences with the law , according to Al Kumity . Mansoor was part of a group of 133 nationals who petitioned the president on March 9 for direct elections . The group included academics , former government officials , journalists and activists . The petition was addressed to President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan and the members of the Supreme Council of the seven Emirates that form the UAE . In addition to elections , the group asked that the Federal National Council be granted legislative powers . The body only works in an advisory capacity and has no regulatory powers .	Attorney for blogger is not aware of any charges against him About 10 men pick up Ahmed Mansoor from his apartment , his wife says Dubai police promises to look into the matter Mansoor was part of a group that petitioned the president for direct elections
Fall River , Massachusetts  CNN  -- The New England Patriots are refusing to voluntarily turn over scouting reports and psychological tests to the defense team of former star tight end Aaron Hernandez . "  This is not a fishing expedition , " Patriots attorney Andrew Phelan told a Massachusetts Superior Court judge during a hearing Wednesday . The Patriots cut Hernandez loose on June 26 , 2013 , the same day he was arrested in the slaying of semi-pro football player Odin Lloyd . He has pleaded not guilty to murder in the Lloyd killing and those of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado in 2012 . Hernandez ' defense team wants a judge to issue a subpoena to be served on the three-time Super Bowl championship team . "  We never thought the Pats would refuse our request , " Hernandez co-counsel Michael Fee told the judge . The Patriots argue that psychological tests done before the 2010 NFL draft and scouting reports that can go as far back as the childhood of a prospective player do n't have a proven role in Hernandez 's case because they were conducted three years before Lloyd 's death . "  They must be relevant to an issue in dispute in the case , " Phelan told the court . "  But he 's not putting his state of mind at issue , " the attorney said of Hernandez . The defense argues it is relevant , but has not yet made clear what the information may play in its case . "  Any record bearing on a defendant 's psychological function , illnesses or afflictions , addiction , cognitive ability , social interactions , behavior under stress , relationship with authority and other such factors are undeniably relevant to the defense of an individual charged with First Degree Murder , " Fee wrote in a motion . The team says its scouting report contains "  trade secrets , " adding that revealing them could "  cause competitive harm to the Patriots . " The report includes an athlete 's speed , stats and injuries , including concussions . The Patriots have offered to allow the defense to look at , but not have , a one and half page summary of a psychological test administered during the 2010 NFL Combine called the Troutwine Athletic Profile  TAP  . It takes about 20 minutes to complete and can be given to athletes ages 13-25 , according to court records . The team claims the summary is the only thing it can provide because of copyright restrictions , adding the company is the proper record keeper . Lawyers for Hernandez are hotly contesting that claim . The Patriots are offering to provide Hernandez ' lawyers with a 317 pages of "  employment and medical/training room records without a court order . " But first , they want a current signed release form , pointing out one previously provided by his attorneys was outdated . The judge will hold another hearing on the case July 22 . Will Hernandez get the subpoena he 's seeking from the court ? University of New Hampshire law professor Michael McCann says he probably will . "  I could see the judge limiting the order to only psychological aspects of those reports , given the trade secret concern raised by the Patriots , " McCann told CNN . "  The judge has an incentive to be fairly permissive in allowing Hernandez access to these reports since denial would be grounds for a Hernandez appeal should he be convicted . " Assets from Hernandez 's home frozen in civil lawsuit Where 's the weapon ? Inside the case against Aaron Hernandez CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported and wrote in New York and Ross Levitt reported in Fall River , Massachusetts .	Hernandez attorneys want test results from Patriots Team does n't want to comply with all defense requests Former Patriots tight end is charged in slayings Judge is hearing matter
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- An Australian author imprisoned last month for insulting the king and crown prince of Thailand was on his way home Saturday after receiving a pardon from the king . Harry Nicolaides behind the bars of a Thai holding cell . Harry Nicolaides , 41 , was arrested last August over his 2005 book titled "  Verisimilitude . " The book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince that authorities deemed a violation of a law that makes it illegal to defame , insult or threaten the crown . CNN has chosen not to repeat the language because it could result in CNN staff being prosecuted in Thailand . Mark Dean , a lawyer for Nicolaides , said he was released Friday and taken to the Australian embassy in Bangkok , where he stayed until leaving for Australia at about midnight . "  He is obviously very relieved and grateful that the pardon was granted , " Dean said . Nicolaides was sentenced to three years in prison after pleading guilty last month . He faced a term of up to six years before the plea . Watch shackled Nicolaides at court " His lawyers then requested the pardon . King Bhumibol Adulydej had pardoned foreigners in similar cases in the past . Dean said Nicolaides was deported from Thailand , but that he did not know of any other stipulations related to the pardon . In an interview with CNN International , Dean avoided repeating what Nicolaides wrote , but said the passage was presented as a rumor , not a fact . "  This is probably not the best time to repeat the passage that was found to be offensive , " Dean said . "  But it concerned the crown prince of Thailand and a rumor that was being circulated in Thailand about the crown prince . " Nicolaides had been living in Thailand since 2003 , lecturing at two universities about tourism . He was about to leave Thailand when he was arrested on August 31 . It is not clear why the authorities waited three years after the publication of his book to bring charges against him . Fifty copies of the book were published , and only seven were sold . Thailand 's king is highly revered in the Buddhist nation . But even he has said in the past that he can be criticized . Thailand 's prime minister , Abhisit Vejjajiva , also has told CNN he is concerned about what he called misuse of the law . Still , other cases of violating the law are pending before the Thai Criminal Court , involving both Thais and foreigners .	Harry Nicolaides , 41 , was arrested last August over his 2005 book The book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince Authorities deemed it a violation of a law that makes it illegal to insult the crown Man 's lawyer says he was relieved and left for Australia at about midnight
Martha Stewart Living  -- What was once considered , well , brassy , is now something to covet and keep . From small moments to large statements , today 's brass is tasteful and elegantâ $ " with gorgeous patina to spare . Brass is back . With the appetite for nickel and chrome at its saturation point , brass is returning to the forefront of the design world . "  People are rediscovering how beautiful it is , " says Martha Stewart , who has amassed an impressive collection of brass treasures , particularly trays , from all over the globe . "  I am always searching for new pieces , " she says . Martha Stewart Living : 19 tips for perfect laundry every time But shopping for the "  mellow metal , " as she calls it , does n't have to feel like an exhausting treasure hunt anymore . Thanks to the renewed interest , both mainstream design shops and specialty boutiques now stock brass wares . And with good reason : The metal , an alloy of copper and zinc , is strong ; it wo n't rust ; and it can be forged into a variety of shapes . Plus , it 's relatively inexpensive . "  I jokingly call it the poor man 's gold , " Stewart says . Unlike the perpetually shiny lacquered brass that was popular in the 1970s and '80s , most pieces today are left unfinished . They may require occasional polishing , but the goal is no longer that blinding glossiness . In fact , not only is brass that shows its age acceptableâ $ " it 's downright desirable . "  It 's the patina that makes it beautiful , " says decorating director Kevin Sharkey . Martha Stewart Living : 35 pantry staples for healthy eating "  Brass is timeless , warm , and inviting . There 's a reason people are drawn to it . Adding it to a room is like crowning the space with an amazing jewel . " How to clean brass Do n't overlook a brass find simply because it appears blackened beyond repair . "  Removing the tarnish is like discovering gold , " says Kevin . Martha polishes her brass pieces about once a year ; every three years , she has them professionally cleaned . For basic maintenance and to make unlacquered brass shine without stripping away the patina , Anthony Cassano of Greenwich Metal , in Stamford , Connecticut , recommends using polish-soaked cloths , such as Cape Cod metal polishing cloths . Martha Stewart Living : 21 ways to decorate your home on a budget Stronger , more abrasive cleaners , like Brasso , are best used on heavily oxidized pieces . Test on a small area first , advises Cassano . Lacquered-brass items , meanwhile , should be cleaned with a soft cloth , mild dishwashing soap , and tepid water . Removing lacquer Worn-away lacquer may be to blame for brass 's formerly bad rap . The clear coating  made of lacquer , epoxy , or urethane  preserves a shiny finish and eliminates the need for polish , but it does n't wear evenly , resulting in blotches of tarnished metal against the bright lacquered parts . The tarnish can not be properly cleaned off unless you get rid of the existing lacquer . Martha Stewart Living : Curb your food cravings with yoga To do so , Cassano recommends a paint-stripper paste like Klean-Strip . Brush it on evenly to remove all kinds of clear coating . As always , test on a small patch of your brass item before applying the paint stripper , and consult a professional before removing lacquer from any large or valuable piece . Fast-tracking patina Left on its own without any intervention , unlacquered brass will begin to darken in about a month and will continue to take on a deeper patina with age and use , says Jamie Gregg of Colonial Bronze in Torrington , Connecticut . To accelerate this process , he recommends placing the item in hot water , which speeds up the oxidation . Martha Stewart Living : 15 kitchen shortcuts that will change the way you cook Another trick , says Cassano , is to place an open can of traditional latex paint next to the unlacquered brass item in an enclosed area for at least 24 hours . The fumes from the paint will quicken the patination process . Where to find brass Flea markets are a great place to nab vintage brass goods , but if you 'd rather shop from the comfort of your own home , check out these websites . From hardware to furniture , eBay offers the widest on-line selection of brass items . Search terms : vintage , raw brass , unlacquered brass . Martha Stewart Living : Do n't shelve these clever bookshelf decorating ideas For even more finds , expand your search abroad : Try looking in England . And if you know French , go to eBay 's French site . High-end furniture with brass accents , including midcentury-modern pieces by Edward Wormley , Dunbar , and Paul McCobb , can be found at 1stdibs . Auntie Oti is a valuable source for vintage brass bowls , tumblers , canisters , and bells from India . Storing brass How you view aging brass depends on your taste : One person 's patina is another 's tarnish . Whatever your preference , you should store your treasured objects properly to prevent them from oxidizing so much that they practically become black . Cassano suggests stowing brass trays , bowls , or tumblers in flannel bags , such as those made to protect sterling silver , or wrapping them in acid-free tissue paper before sealing them in plastic bags . Avoid keeping them in high humidity , and do not use newspaper , he advises , which has acidic ink that will cause oxidation .	Brass is back , and better than it was in the 1970s and '80s Martha Stewart collects brass trays from around the world The modern way of using brass in home decor is with patina
CNN  -- The fairy tale of a cancer survivor from Austin , Texas , who beat the odds to win the Tour de France a record seven times , has morphed into a parable about telling a lie . Lance Armstrong has been revealing in his two-part exclusive interview with Oprah Winfrey Thursday and Friday night , but critics say he is leaving out important details . There has been a lot to learn from Armstrong and from those watching him as he starts to tell the truth . Getting caught is just the beginning . This is the reason for his confession . After retiring from the Tour in 2005 , he made a comeback in 2009 . "  We would n't be sitting here if I did n't come back , " Armstrong told Winfrey . Cycling colleague Floyd Landis went public in 2010 with his own doping and leveled allegations at Armstrong as well . This eventually led to investigations against Armstrong . Alternative steps for redemption The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which tests Olympic athletes for performance enhancing drugs , praised his televised interview as a "  small step in the right direction . " But it still would like a full confession of all of his doping activities , under oath at the USADA . The agency had started an investigation against Armstrong , who sued to try to stop it . He told Winfrey he wishes he 'd cooperated freely back then , but now that he has a second invitation to do so , he is approaching it with a caveat . Armstrong said he would participate if the agency forms a broad "  truth and reconciliation commission , " involving doping across the sport of cycling . Blaming yourself is not the same as telling it all . "  I deserve this , " were his comments on his fall from grace to public disgrace . In the interview he disparaged his own character for hours , calling himself "  deeply flawed , " "  ruthless " and "  arrogant . " "  I was a bully , " he told Winfrey of how he treated others who might expose his doping and lies . ' I want to compete again ' Armstrong admitted to personal guilt but was careful not to implicate others . Things escalated to the level they did "  because of my actions and because of my words , and because of my attitude and my defiance , " he said . But he also blamed the culture of cycling during the time he doped , saying the practice was widespread and just as much "  part of the job " as water bottles and tire pumps . There were also allegations he still denies , like coercing teammates to dope as well . People will believe a lie . Armstrong cheated for years , and no one in the sport of cycling stopped him . He lied under oath about his use of performance enhancing drugs . "  Hundreds of millions , " as Armstrong has put it , believed him , adored him , and many wore yellow bracelets , because he inspired them . Source : Federal probe unlikely to reignite The fairy tale image was "  one big lie that I repeated a lot of times , " Armstrong said . It became impossible to live up to and it fell apart . He publicly derided those trying to expose him , ruining some of their lives . "  We sued so many people , " Armstrong told Winfrey -- people who were telling the truth and lost to him in court in spite of it . It was about controlling the narrative of his heroic story . "  If I did n't like what somebody said ... I tried to control that and said that 's a lie ; they 're liars , " Armstrong said . "  Now the story is so bad and so toxic , and a lot of it is true , " he said . Be nice to people on your way up . You may meet them on your way down . Lance has . And now the tables have turned . Why we cheat "  This was a guy who used to be my friend , who decimated me , " said Betsy Andreu , the wife of one of Armstrong 's former teammates , who went public with doping allegations against Armstrong . Andreu , author Daniel Coyle , journalist David Walsh , whom Armstrong attacked for writing about his doping for over a decade , former teammates and others he has discredited and sued have now gained plausibility . They are already critiquing his confession and casting doubt on its completeness . Andreu and Coyle have called Armstrong out over his denial of allegations that he coerced teammates to use performance enhancing drugs . It 's hard to regain trust . Armstrong 's lies and bullying rattled his fans , former friends and teammates , even his own children . "  I will spend the rest of my life ... trying to earn back trust and apologize to people , " Armstrong told Winfrey . Sunday Times journalist Walsh believes the cyclist 's bullying was worse than his lies and left behind deeper scars . Cancer survivors ' mixed feelings "  He never showed any compassion during his years or any sense that it troubled him to destroy other people , " Walsh said . Armstrong said he had been ruthless because he "  expected to get whatever he wanted and to control every outcome . " "  There will be people who hear this and never forgive me , " he said . "  I understand that . " The emotional damage to his children seemed to touch him the most . Appearing to hold back tears , Armstrong said he confessed to the three oldest children over the recent holiday break . "  The older kids need to not be living with this issue in their lives , " the athlete said . "  It is n't fair . " Speaking specifically about his 13-year-old son , whom he had heard defending him , Armstrong said he told the youth : "  Do n't defend me anymore . " Hindsight is 20/20 . The former Tour de France icon said he did not think there was anything wrong with what he was doing at the time he did it -- something he today finds "  scary . " That he did n't feel guilty was in retrospect "  even scarier . " That he did not think it was cheating is the "  scariest " part . "  I viewed it as a level playing field , " he said , where most everybody doped . Livestrong likely to survive Armstrong also does not believe he could have won cycling 's most prestigious race seven times in a row without performance enhancing drugs . And his success was not synonymous with contentment . "  That was n't the happiest time of my life , " Armstrong said of his championship years . He told Winfrey he felt happier giving her his confession . But his doping and bullying years also were n't the worst in his life , he said . The time of his cancer diagnosis was worse . The bigger they are , the harder they fall . Armstrong would like to compete again but has no interest in returning to the Tour de France . He 'd like to be able to run in the Chicago Marathon when he 's 50 , but the punishment he 's been slapped with wo n't allow it . "  I ca n't run the Austin 10K , " he said . "  Anything that is sanctioned " by an official governing body is ruled out . "  This may not be the most popular answer , but I think I deserve it  being allowed to compete  , maybe not right now , " Armstrong said . A six-month suspension is customary for doping he said , but he received a "  death penalty . " Now that he has been caught and has confessed , lawsuits he won could be reviewed , and his victims could come after him , tearing away at his fortune . But the nadir , Armstrong says , was his departure from his cancer awareness charity Livestrong , which distributed the iconic plastic yellow bracelets . It happened in two phone calls . They first asked him to resign as chairman of the board . The second call was less to the point . "  We need you to consider stepping down for yourself , " Armstrong said he was told . He got out of the way and hopes the charity , which was built on his debunked fairy tale legacy , can carry on without him . "  It hurt like hell , " Armstrong said . "  That was the lowest . " Armstrong 's golden halo in the sport 's annals has decayed to a black mark . No other cyclist was awarded the victories he was disqualified from . In place of a record seven wins by Lance Armstrong , the chronicles of the Tour de France bear seven record vacancies . No one won . Cycling , facing an uphill climb , hopes next hero just around bend	The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency still wants an official confession under oath Armstrong destroyed people on the way up , who are waiting for him on the way down The cyclist cheated for years , but nobody stopped him Armstrong told his own son not to defend him
CNN  -- Authorities in the Los Angeles suburb of Anaheim , California , have asked for a federal investigation into a pair of weekend police shootings that have sparked days of protests , the city 's mayor said Wednesday . Police Chief John Welter said officers made 24 arrests after a protest that began at a City Council meeting Tuesday night turned violent , with demonstrators breaking windows and throwing rocks and bottles at police . Police responded with batons and nonlethal "  bean-bag " and pepper spray projectiles , he said . Anaheim Mayor Tom Tait told reporters Wednesday that he asked the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles to investigate the fatal shootings of two men by police , but said violent protests "  will simply not be tolerated in our city . " "  When the investigations are concluded , we will have a clear and complete understanding of these incidents , " Tait said . "  At that time , we will have additional public dialogue about any actions that need to be taken . ... We will not , however , accept any violent protests , vandalism or arson perpetrated under the guise of public protest . " The family of the first man killed , 25-year-old Manuel Diaz , filed a civil rights and wrongful death lawsuit against the city and Police Department Tuesday seeking $ 50 million in damages . The suit , filed in state court , says police shot the unarmed Diaz in the back and that when he fell , they shot him in the head and killed him . Welter said there were more than 1,000 protesters Tuesday night , about two-thirds of whom were not from Anaheim -- but 20 of the 24 people arrested were local . "  Our job is to protect property and life . Our job is n't to stand back in the back and let anarchists or rioters damage property and injure people , " he said . "  And if we do n't do that , you 'll be the first one criticizing me for where were the police , how come they were n't out there protecting property and people . " Those arrested face charges ranging from failure to disperse to assault with a deadly weapon . One man was found with a handgun , Welter said . Tuesday night 's demonstration began with protests outside the City Council 's meeting at the Anaheim City Hall , less than a mile and a half north of Disneyland , the city 's most famous tourist attraction . Demonstrators disrupted the meeting and blocked access to the building , forcing a delay in the session as police moved to clear emergency exits , Welter said . The protest moved to downtown streets , where demonstrators blocked a major intersection and refused to move , Welter said . "  After allowing the crowd to protest for a couple of hours , the violence escalated to the point where an unlawful assembly was declared and the streets were then cleared of protesters , " he said . Anaheim Police Sgt. Bob Dunn told CNN 's "  Newsroom " that once the protest was broken up , "  the crowds kind of moved around , sometimes fighting between each other , breaking windows and lighting fires and trash cans . " It was Saturday afternoon 's fatal shooting of Diaz , whom police described as a gang member , that sparked the protests , CNN affiliate KCAL reported . Cell phone video taken at the scene and posted to YouTube showed residents confronting police officers as they ordered bystanders to back away from the man lying face down on a lawn before they cordoned off the area with yellow police tape . Dozens of people surrounded the police officers ; some threw objects at them and rolled a burning trash bin in their direction , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . Police responded with rubber bullets and pepper spray . One demonstrator showed the television news station bruises she said she got from rubber bullets fired at the crowd . At one point , police lost control of a dog that attacked and bit at least one person . Welter apologized for the dog attack and said the city will cover the cost of treatment . Sunday , protesters jammed the Anaheim Police Department to complain about shootings involving police officers . But later the same night -- in a separate incident -- police shot and killed a second man , whom they also considered a gang member , when he allegedly fired at police , CNN affiliate KABC reported . Monday , hundreds held a vigil for Diaz , chanting in Spanish , according to KTLA . The family cites witnesses who say Diaz was talking with two friends around 4 p.m. when a police car drove up with lights on "  and an intent to confront the young men . " Diaz responded "  instinctively when he saw people chasing him and began to run , " they say in the suit . "  There is a racial and economic component to this shooting , " said Dana Douglas , an attorney for the family . "  Police do n't roust white kids in affluent neighborhoods who are just having a conversation . And those kids have no reason to fear police . But young men with brown skin in poor neighborhoods do . They are targeted by police , and something as simple as a friendly conversation is deemed ` suspicious activity ' by police . " Dunn said Wednesday the Diaz shooting took place when officers in the "  high-crime gang neighborhood " attempted to stop three men , who ran off . "  It was during that foot pursuit that the officer-involved shooting occurred , " he said . "  The circumstances surrounding that shooting are under investigation by the district 's attorney . " Police say Diaz was unarmed but throwing unknown objects while running from police , KABC and KCAL reported , but the family called those comments "  flat-out fabrications . " The suit says Diaz committed no crime and was not under the influence of alcohol or drugs when he was shot . Police in Anaheim were involved in six shootings in 2012 , all but one of which were fatal , according to KTLA .	NEW : The victim 's family files a $ 50 million lawsuit NEW : The family says 25-year-old Manuel Diaz committed no crime Anaheim police arrest 24 after Tuesday night 's protest Violent protests "  will simply not be tolerated , " the mayor says
Paris , we can all agree , has a lot going for it . It has splendid museums , grand avenues , a famous pointy tower and thousands of cafes where you can order a minuscule coffee for a fairly large amount of money . But Lyon is a supremely qualified rival . In Lyon , a hearty serving of tradition Smaller it may be , but France 's second city has a sophistication that makes it a hugely intriguing option for visitors . While the following suggestions may cause rioting  or , at least , mild shrugs of indifference  along the Champs-Elysees , there are a number of ways Lyon outshines the French capital . Eight , in fact . 1 . Wine Just about everyone in France loves wine . But in contrast to Paris -- which sips anything fruity put in front of it , but does n't produce anything of its own -- Lyon brings a bottle to the party . A lot of bottles . Lyon is the gateway to the Beaujolais viticultural region , which fans out immediately to the northwest . From Lyon , you can explore these whispering vineyards yourself . Or you can take the easy route and make a few wise purchases in the excellent wine shops around the city . Cave Chromatique does flavorsome reds and whites , while La Cave des Vins Magnifiques is hardly short on confidence when it comes to the contents of its stock list . 2 . Notre Dames Paris 's Notre Dame Cathedral is an inimitable French icon , especially if you like long lines and pigeons . Lyon 's Notre Dame -- the Basilica of Notre-Dame de Fourviere -- is , simply , a more beautiful church . A young maiden  built 1872-1884  compared with Paris 's grande dame  built 1163-1345  , she sits prettily atop the city 's main hill , offering views down to the riverside streets below , and , on clear days , across to the snowcaps of the Alps . 3 . Outdoor music Lyon knows how to put on a summer extravaganza . The Nuits de Fourviere festival sees 60 or so shows -- rock , classical music , drama -- stretched across the warm evenings of June and July . Alumni of this wide showcase include Lou Reed , Bjork and Sting . The 2014 lineup includes French pop stalwarts Phoenix and U.S. indie veterans the Pixies . Better than any band , though , is a setting that Paris ca n't match . The French capital may have modern venues befitting its size and status , but it ca n't dance the night away as if Caesar Augustus were still in the posh seats . The majority of the Nuits de Fourviere performances take place amid the sturdy tiers of Lyon 's main Roman amphitheater , which dates to 15 B.C. 4 . Cinematic history Paris has been in many movies . "  Moulin Rouge . " "  Amelie . " "  Midnight in Paris . " But Lyon pretty much invented the movies . Or , at least , two of its most famous sons did . Auguste and Louis Lumiere are credited with creating the first film camera  the cinematograph  in 1892 . You can pay tribute to their vision at Lyon 's Institut Lumiere , with its museum and cinema . 5 . Food Paris is very good at cuisine . It 's just that Lyon believes it 's better . It may well be . Its restaurants include L'Auberge du Pont de Collonges , a fabled temple of Gallic gastronomy which has three Michelin stars . It 's overseen by French uber-chef Paul Bocuse , who is now 88 , but still a master at his signature truffle soup . Then there 's La Mere Brazier , which exists under the gaze of Mathieu Viannay . The restaurant has two Michelin stars , but Viannay is only 46 , so can be excused his shortfall . 6 . Parks Paris does n't have a large central green space -- unless you count the Jardins des Tuileries , which are predominantly surfaced in gravel , and are therefore white . But Lyon has the Parc de la Tete d'Or , which -- with its 117 hectares of grass and trees -- cozies up to the Rhone in the sixth arrondissement . Here , you can go boating on the lake , cycle along winding pathways , or simply lie in the shade and remark on the fact that this metropolitan lung 's name -- Park of the Golden Head -- sounds a bit silly in English . 7 . Roman history In numbers , this is basically a tie . Julius Caesar stomped his sandals into the fledgling Paris in 52 B.C. ; Lyon had its first date with expansionist toga-wearing proto-Italians when it was founded as Lugdunum a decade later in 43 B.C. . But Lyon was the more important city under Roman rule -- a teacher 's pet that became Rome 's head boy in ancient Gaul . This still shows . Lyon 's Roman structures are almost as impressive today as they were in the days of the gladiators -- especially the remnants of its public baths and the giant amphitheater on Fourviere hill at the Gallo-Roman Museum . 8 . Rivers Why did the Romans plonk Lugdunum onto the map where they did ? Because the place was ideal for a settlement . West of the Alps , it was a decent stop-off point halfway up France and not too far from the mother city . But above that , because it had -- and has -- two rivers . The Rhone , which is so long that it has to travel from Switzerland , curves through the center of Lyon . So does the Saone . The two meet in the aptly titled district of Confluence . Paris , by contrast , has just one river , the Seine . Ah , c'est dommage .	Lyon is France 's "  second city " but it leads the way in a number of cultural categories Paris has Notre Dame but Lyon 's Basilica of Notre-Dame de Fourviere is more beautiful Paris has one river ; Lyon has two Lyon 's Auguste and Louis Lumiere are credited with creating the first film camera
CNN  -- A few decades ago , in the very early stages of one of the most volatile presidential campaigns in American history , Mitt Romney 's father was seen as the man to beat for the Republican nomination . As it turned out , his candidacy did not even last until the first of the 1968 primaries . He was done in by his unscripted outspokenness - a trait not generally attributed to his more cautious son , whose first run for the White House in 2008 survived through Super Tuesday . And who , until recently , was front-runner in this year 's GOP sweepstakes . Ten years after his presidential foray , I interviewed George Romney over a lunch of grilled cheese and chocolate milk at his suburban Detroit home . He squeezed me in between a morning round of golf and his afternoon tennis match . At 70 , he was retired from politics but still keeping the whirlwind schedule of a campaigner , preaching citizen activism and the Mormon religion from Michigan to Moscow . Reflecting on his 1968 campaign experience , he said : "  If I had been elected president , I would have undertaken to do things that would have been so opposed by the special interests that they would have chopped me into little pieces . " Like father , like son -- in business Like his son years later , George Romney first made his bones in the business world , leading fledgling American Motors Corp. in the 1950s war on the "  gas-guzzling dinosaurs " offered by Detroit 's "  Big Three . " AMC introduced less profitable but more affordable compact cars to a welcoming marketplace . He entered politics in the 1960s , coordinating a classic grass-roots citizen drive to adopt a state constitution in Michigan , became a civil rights activist and was elected governor . In nearly six years in office , he enacted the state 's first income tax against the strident opposition of many in his own party and tussled with President Lyndon Johnson , a Democrat who saw him as a potential 1968 re-election challenger , over sending federal troops to help end Detroit 's bloody 1967 race riot that left 43 dead . He also toured South Vietnam for 31 days in 1965 with a group of his fellow governors at a time that Americans still largely supported U.S. involvement in the Southeast Asian country . It 's what he said when asked some two years later why he had changed his position on the war that doomed his presidential aspirations . "  When I came back from Vietnam , I just had the greatest brainwashing that anybody could get , " he told Detroit TV interviewer Lou Gordon in August 1967 . "  Not only by the generals but the diplomatic corps over there . They do a very thorough job . " An early backer of the U.S. efforts "  to reverse a shift in the balance of power " between Communist North Vietnam and democratic South Vietnam , Romney said the additional research he did on his return convinced him -- well before many of his countrymen -- that it was the wrong war at the wrong time . "  I think it 's tragic we got involved in the conflict there , " he told Gordon . " ... The Vietnam War is a farce , so somebody had to speak up and it turned out to be me . " ` Brainwashing ' doomed presidential chances It was the "  brainwash " line that caught fire and did him in . As he told me in the interview years later , "  It was a good example of being right too soon on a political issue . " By the time the controversy exploded , Romney already had lost his very early lead in the polls to Richard Nixon . By the time he dropped out , just before the New Hampshire primary , he was hopelessly behind . That was the first in a series of dramatic political developments that year - Johnson jarred the nation by announcing he would not seek re-election , the man whose candidacy he most feared , Robert Kennedy , was assassinated on the night he won the California primary , riots rocked the Democratic convention in Chicago and Nixon was elected president over eventual Democratic nominee Hubert Humphrey . Romney later became Nixon 's Housing and Urban Development secretary , but left that post because of his inability to get White House support for urban initiatives he wanted to launch , blaming the political climate of the times . "  Nixon was a crook , but he was no dummy , " Romney told me -- another example of his often stunning candor even in the context of that era . He remained a media darling for years after that . Every time he paid a courtesy call on Michigan 's state Capitol in Lansing when I was working as a reporter there in the 1970s , the entire press corps would scramble for a quick headline . He rarely disappointed . "  It was just all so natural for him , " said Keith Molin , who worked on Romney 's campaigns for governor , became an influential state GOP operative and served as state labor director and then commerce director under Romney 's successor as governor , William Milliken . "  When George walked into a room , that room was his . " ` He stood up and took responsibility ' And when he took a position , no matter how controversial , he stuck with it , Molin said in a recent telephone interview . "  He came out in support of an income tax ... he was one of the leading advocates , " he said . "  Conservatives went bananas . "  He took on his own party . And the party had to make some adjustments . There were no oaths , no signed statements , no read my lips . He stood up and took responsibility for leading the charge . " Comparing father and son , Molin said : "  I watch Mitt pander to the tea party -- I 'm sorry , there 's no other way I can describe it . In 1962 , at his first  state  convention as leader of the party , George Romney faced the same situation with the John Birch Society , and he took 'em face on . He did n't try to find an accommodation , and went on and beat 'em . "  But that was George Romney . He knew who he was . It was a very different time , but that was George . "  He helped craft a new model of education in the urban area . His son did the same thing with health care . He did n't invent government . He just made it work , " Molin said . "  Stop apologizing for what you 've done . " Bill Ballenger , editor of Inside Michigan Politics , an online newsletter , was research director for the state Republican Party while Romney was governor , and later became a state lawmaker , a director of state agencies and U.S. deputy assistant secretary of Health , Education and Welfare . "  The contrast between the personalities of Mitt and George is pretty pronounced , " he told me . "  Though both fairly forceful , dynamic characters , Mitt , quite frankly , is the plastic man . "  He looks like his father in many respects but the directness and openness of George Romney simply is not there . You get the feeling everything is calculated , beyond his changing positions on the issues . It 's like everything he says -- it just does n't have the veracity , the ring of candor that you got from his father . " ` My dad was the real deal ' Asked for reaction to the comments of Molin and Ballenger , a spokeswoman for the Mitt Romney campaign directed me to Bob Danhof , who served as George Romney 's legal counsel when he was governor , but he could not be reached . George Romney , whose wife Lenore ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate after his departure from politics , died in 1995 . He 's still remembered with obvious affection by those who knew him well . "  He was a character , " Ballenger said . "  He had a reputation before he was even elected governor . He was the guy who talked about gas-guzzling dinosaurs and was on the cover of Time magazine . You talk about somebody who 's prescient , and rather prudent - here 's a guy who was talking about green energy years before it was any kind of issue . " Both Ballenger and Molin called my attention to a recent Washington Post account of Mitt Romney 's encounter in New Hampshire with an 83-year-old Polish immigrant who pulled out her autograph book and showed him the autograph she had gotten from his father . "  My dad was the real deal , " Mitt Romney told her . Later the woman told reporters she liked Mitt , too . "  I liked his smile . He came through human-like , " she said . Of the relationship Mitt Romney had with his father , Molin said , "  He worshipped the ground he walked on . "	George Romney was outspoken , a trait not generally attributed to his son , Mitt Romney Father and son both made their bones in the business world He looks like his father , but the directness and openness is not there , former lawmaker says
CNN  -- Early next year , bidders are expected to shell out millions for cars that stood around in Roger Baillon 's yard for decades . The French truck manufacturing mogul had big dreams for them . He wanted to found a museum and build a miniature railroad loop for visitors to ride around and view them , a Paris auction house said . But the plans evaporated when his business went bust in the 1970s . He sold off nearly half of his collection , but 60 of his classic European luxury and sports cars -- many built in the first half of the 20th century -- remained and collected rust , dust and weeds for about 50 years . Until car experts from auction house Artcurial recently came upon them in a small town in western France , not far from La Rochelle . $ 14.9 million Now , buyers will probably write checks for hundreds of thousands for just one of the sagging exquisite carriages . Artcurial will put them under the hammer in February and expects the crown jewel in the collection , a 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spyder , to fetch 9.5 million to 12 million euros  $ 11 million to $ 14.9 million  . The convertible was one of only 37 of its kind made , and it is in comparatively great condition , as it slumbered behind the doors of a snug garage , Artcurial said . It was piled high with copies of a vintage magazine , La Vie de l'Auto -- Car Life -- when Artcurial 's car expert Pierre Novikoff found it . The Ferrari 's roommate in the garage was a 1956 Maserati A6G Gran Sport Frua that auctioneers think will go for 800,000 to 1.2 million euros  about $ 990,000 to nearly $ 1.5 million  . Scrapyard Most of the rest of the other sleeping beauties lay comatose under roofs of corrugated steel held up by posts ; with no walls to protect them , they were exposed to the elements . Novikoff heard about the car yard over the phone and went to check it out . At first glance , the cars looked like the rest of the junk in the yard -- old washing machines , metal scrap , barrels . But gems gradually sparkled through . "  Nature had taken a hold over the years . Ivy had invaded a car and entirely covered its  steering  wheel , while weeds had taken root in a passenger compartment as easily as in a greenhouse , " Novikoff said . "  In places , the sheets of corrugated iron were resting directly on the cars . " Baillon died about 10 years ago , said Artcurial spokeswoman Rebecca Ruff . Baillon 's son inherited the estate , but when he recently died , his heirs contacted the auction house to sell the unique collection , she added . Legends Most of the cars will require a deep kiss of restoration to reawaken the former glory of their exclusive brands , some of which are no longer manufactured . Bugattis , Maseratis , Ferraris , Delahayes , Delages , Hispano-Suizas , Talbot-Lagos and Panhard-Levassors stood motionless in the estate that Baillon bought to store them . The largest contingency of the collected cars hit the streets between 1955 and 1965 , Artcurial said in a statement . Some have stories to go along with them . The 1961 Ferrari was once owned by French silver screen demigod Alain Delon , Artcurial said , and he was photographed sitting in it next to Jane Fonda in 1964 , and with Shirley MacLaine . Legend also slumbers in the peach-colored rust covering a pre-World War II Talbot-Lago , a French classic brand that died out some 50 years ago . Artcurial says this one was driven by former Egyptian King Farouk . .	60 luxury cars sat on the grounds of a French mogul 's estate for decades Roger Baillon wanted to build a museum for the cars , but his business declined A 1961 Ferrari is expected to fetch up to $ 14.9 million at auction in February The auctioneer says it once belonged to actor Alain Delon and that Jane Fonda rode in it
CNN  -- Known for lederhosen , weisswurst and its beer festival , Munich is a city that counters these brassy cliches with a mix of art , history and style . From onion domes to beer halls , the city of Munich also has more than its fair share to entrance culture vultures . Do n't be fooled by the chocolate box architecture in parts of the Altstadt  old town  : Munich is the biggest city in the state of Bavaria with an ego to match -- no other state in Germany boasts its own "  national museum . " Yet the city manages to mix regional traditions with a slice of urban savvy and sophistication . Visitors can take their pick from the cultural attractions and blend a little low and high culture together for a flying visit . The Altstadt is walkable and the place to begin a day with its mix of baroque and gothic architecture . The green onion domes of the Frauenkirche remain visible over the low-rise city center . Mostly destroyed during the Second World War , the Frauenkirche was rebuilt from its rubble and is worth a quick look inside for the peculiar windowless nave -- so designed after the architect made a pact with the devil , apparently . Nearby is Marienplatz and the fine gothic architecture of the new town hall with its ever-so-twee glockenspiel and animated chiming clock . From the Karlsplatz U-Bahn station to Marienplatz you 'll find some "  any-town , anywhere " shopping options , but push on towards Maximilianstrasse and you 'll discover where the Munich money goes to splash the cash , although gaudy ostentation is n't a very Muenchner trait . For more down-to-earth shopping a few steps from Marienplatz is the Viktualienmarkt and Schrannenhalle , the former offering food and drink from across Europe and the re-built Schrannenhalle housing a buzzy mix of shops and places to grab a bite to eat . Alternatively the city is dotted with snack bars where you can grab a würst and hope for the best . From the boutiques and brands to the beer cellers . The city becomes a beer-lover magnet every autumn , when international boozers stagger into the city for the annual Oktoberfest beer festival . Things can get messy , but you can get a taste of the beer hall experience any time of year . There are a number of beer halls around the city , one on Marienplatz itself , although the most famous is the Hofbrauhaus a few minutes to the north . But if a darkened , boozy room with an oompah band and the sight of some ill-fitting lederhosen is n't your preferred choice for lunch , there are many cafes and restaurants around the Altstadt to cater for all tastes . Away from the traditional aspects of the city , Munich is a hub for high tech , high art and high rollers . BMW has its HQ here -- auto fans should motor over to its museum . The city also has more than its fair share of world-class cultural attractions . The Residence Museum , National Theater and Museum of Egyptian Art are just a few to be found between Marienplatz and the Hofgarten . Just to the north is one of Europe 's largest city parks , the Englischer Garten , scene of the German tradition of the post-prandial walk . The park stretches about 5 km away from the city center . View photos of the Englischer Garten and more of Munich " As you 're walking through you can duck off to the west and you 'll be close to Munich 's cultural big hitters , the Pinakothek museums . The Pinakothek triumvirate have enough art and history to span hundreds of years , and take almost as long to see in their entirety . If you 've only got a few hours it 's a better idea to pick one . The latest edition is the Pinakothek der Moderne , which opened in 2002 and houses an impressive collection of 20th century and contemporary art in an almost equally impressive interior . If you 've had your fill of art , take a short walk north and you 'll hit the formerly bohemian residential area of Schwabing . Now more well-to-do , the area retains a bit of cultural mix , with the nearby university providing some youthful energy . Independent shops , cafes and bars are dotted around the streets , some catering for student budgets , others for those who paid off their student loans long ago . It 's a fine area to stop for some afternoon coffee and cake -- The News Bar has a mix of the local demographic and Cafe Zeitgeist on Turkenstrasse is another choice spot . Further afield , there 's the vast , but staid , Deutsches Museum on its own island in the middle of the River Iser , while to the west of the city is Olympic park . It 's home to the Tollwood summer and winter festivals , but year round you can get a great view from the tower of the Olympic Stadium of the city and the former home to the city 's two football clubs . The Allianz Arena , a huge swirl of a stadium that opened in 2005 , is now the home of Bayern and lowly 1860 Munich . Football fans can visit the stadium with daily tours . From the masses to regal splendor , the Nymphenburg Palace was the summer residence of the Wittelbach dynasty that ruled Bavaria for over 700 years until 1919 . The grand rooms should sate anyone 's need for gold gilt and eighteenth-century grandeur . When evening comes , the city can accommodate those with a hunger for cosmopolitan dining as well as more traditional cuisine . For entertainment , theaters and the city 's opera house provide more refined fare , while those in search of some more late-night , grungy fun can head to the complex of bars and clubs of the Kultfabrik -- a former industrial site now offering late-night kicks on an industrial scale . Better than Berlin ? What do you think of Munich ? Send in your travel tips for the Bavarian city using the Sound Off box below .	The biggest city in Bavaria mixes local tradition and cultured sophistication From beer halls to 17th-century palaces , visits can be tailored to suit all tastes Oktoberfest is an annual exception ; city is home to a number of world-class galleries
When you first hear his pitch , it defies logic : Mitch McConnell , a 30-year veteran of the Senate , campaigning for re-election as an agent of change . "  If you want change , if you 're unhappy with the direction of this country , the candidate of change is the guy you 're looking at , " McConnell told an audience at a Chamber of Commerce lunch here . 72-year-old McConnell -- the top Senate Republican -- is running against a 35-year-old Democrat who has never had an elected job in D.C. . But he 's the change candidate ? Well , if you 're a voter with an unfavorable view of President Barack Obama -- and according to a new CNN/Opinion Research International Poll , that 's about two-thirds of Kentucky voters -- McConnell 's argument has appeal once he explains it . He says the only real option for altering the balance of power in Washington is a GOP Senate takeover on Election Day -- and putting him in charge . "  The only thing they can do in 2014 to begin to change the direction of the country is to change the makeup of the Senate , " McConnell told CNN . "  In this country , the way you change things is at the ballot box . And so there 's only one thing that can be done this year to begin to lead America in a different direction and it begins right here in Kentucky , " he tells voters on the stump . McConnell wants to be Senate Majority Leader so badly he can taste it , especially after two straight election cycles of seeing the role within his reach , but snatched away largely because of bruising intra-GOP fights and Republican candidate missteps . Kentucky U.S. Senate race is one the key ones this year I reminded McConnell of the old joke about senators , that most of them look in the mirror and see the next president . "  I never had that problem . I never had that affliction , " McConnell chuckled . "  You have always wanted to be the majority leader of the Senate , is that fair to say ? " I asked . "  I would like to have the chance to be the majority leader of the Senate , yes , " he replied . Toughest challenge in years But to lead the Senate , he has to win re-election first , and McConnell is facing his toughest challenge in years in Alison Lundergan Grimes . Grimes would be Kentucky 's first female senator . Currently Kentucky 's secretary of state , she has a well-financed campaign , thanks to the national implications and importance of her race . She 's gotten high-profile help from former President Bill Clinton , a family friend . In many ways she is running a textbook campaign for a challenger trying to unseat an entrenched incumbent , especially a Democrat versus Republican . She paints McConnell as out of touch with the folks back home , and the personification of Washington dysfunction . "  I do n't know whether to call Sen. McConnell Sen. No-Show , Sen. Gridlock or Sen. Shutdown , " Grimes says to a crowd gathered for a political picnic in Owensboro . "  What I do know is that he 's not working for Kentucky . Kentucky is all ready for someone whose vocabulary goes beyond the word ` no . ' When it comes to increasing the minimum wage and giving hardworking Kentuckians a fighting chance , Mitch McConnell says no . Kentucky is ready for a senator who says it 's not just a minimum wage , it 's a living wage . When it comes to the women of this state being treated equally , Mitch McConnell says no , " Grimes says . McConnell : ` Remember me ? I am the guy that gets us out of shutdowns ' That appears to be resonating with some voters here , even one who has supported McConnell over the years . "  We 're just tired of McConnell . His only objective is to -- anything Obama 's done , he 's against it , " Owensboro voter Margaret Willett said . But others in the crowd disagreed , especially voters like Keith Herm who dislike the President . "  I believe the seniority he will hold in the Senate will be monumental , " Herm said about McConnell . "  There are some issues with Obama I would like to see changed , and hopefully he can do that . " Grimes ' biggest challenge is unshackling herself from Obama , who won only four of Kentucky 's 120 counties in 2012 . It 's not easy , when McConnell 's working so hard to link Grimes to the President . "  Mitch McConnell , well , he wants to make this race about anyone but me , trying to tie me to every national figure that 's out there that disagrees with Kentucky 's interests . Barack Obama is n't on the ballot ; I am , " Grimes told voters . Democrats have been banking on the fact that the President may be unpopular here , but so is McConnell -- he is well known , and not well liked . The trouble for Grimes is that as she becomes better known , and put through the grind of this intense campaign , her favorable ratings are dipping , too . A strikingly stark contrast in styles Like any candidate , McConnell and Grimes each have pluses and minuses , but these two have a strikingly stark contrast in style . McConnell is the ultimate political tactician and old school , bring-home-the-bacon senator . When it was his turn to speak at the Owensboro picnic , McConnell made a point of reminding residents here he secured $ 50 million to renovate the riverfront , which transformed the town . It 's the kind of earmark the tea party hates . He never would have spoken about it during his GOP primary fight , but it is front and center in the general election campaign against a Democrat . "  I 'm proud I did it for you . It 's changed this community and we 'll do it again , " said McConnell , not mentioning that the kind of earmarks that rebuilt the riverfront are now banned in the Senate . But McConnell 's aides are the first to admit he is not a natural campaigner . He does n't connect in the grip and grin settings many politicians love . It 's not his thing . Grimes , on the other hand , appears energized by pressing the flesh with voters . She moved around the Owensboro picnic introducing herself and talking to voters with ease . And on the stump she can project and deliver lines powerfully . But in interviews , she often appears stilted and scripted . Case in point : When I asked Grimes point blank for some "  Kentucky candor " about how much of a drag the President is on her campaign , she replied with a generic talking point . "  I think that Kentuckians are seeing this race for what it is , a chance to actually move Kentucky forward in the right direction , " Grimes said . Bound to get very ugly This is expected to be the most expensive Senate race in history , north of $ 100 million . And the mud is already flying . McConnell 's campaign manager Jesse Benton abruptly resigned late last week because of a bribery scandal surrounding Ron Paul 's 2008 presidential campaign . Grimes ' campaign is already pushing a Web ad highlighting Benton 's departure . But that may be because McConnell 's campaign released an ad of its own whacking Grimes , accusing her of getting a sweetheart deal for her campaign bus -- brokered by her father , a prominent businessman and former state party chair . "  They 're baseless , unfounded , bullying accusations from Mitch McConnell , " Grimes said of the allegations . And then there 's a secret audio recording that surfaced of McConnell speaking at a Koch brothers donor meeting , vowing not to allow votes on Democratic initiatives . It was released right before our interview , and Grimes was eager to jump on it as McConnell 's "  47 % Mitt Romney moment . " "  I think it shows the extent and the lengths he will go to pander to his party millionaires and billionaires at the expense of hurting Kentuckians , " Grimes said of the McConnell audio . As for McConnell , he brushed it off , because he has made it no secret he intends to block the President 's agenda . "  I did n't say anything in the private meeting I have n't said publicly . " McConnell told me . McConnell , the Democrats and the limits of a secret tape That may be , but a muffled recording of a secret meeting with fat cat GOP donors is less than ideal for McConnell . These are end-of-summer stumbles for both candidates , in the marquee race of the year , bound to get very ugly .	McConnell could become majority leader if he wins his Senate election Opponent Grimes has a well-financed campaign aided by Democratic stars The candidates are a study in different styles
Ann Arbor , Michigan  CNN  -- "  We did not have a right to choose where we lived ... freedom of speech , or freedom of actions . The traffickers had keys to our apartment . They controlled all of our movement and travel . They watched us and listened when we called our parents . They did n't let us make friends or tell anyone anything about ourselves . We could n't keep any of the money we earned . We could n't ask anyone for help . " -- Lena Lena was an athletic student from Eastern Europe yearning to visit the United States through a study-abroad program at her college . She had visions of learning English and returning home to share her experiences with her family . But the human traffickers who ensnared her had a different vision for Lena , shipping her to America and exploiting her in the sex industry for profit . They met her at the airport with news that her study abroad placement had been changed . She was given new bus tickets and sent off to Detroit , Michigan . Once there they took her passport and her freedom . After almost a year of enslavement , Lena risked her life to make a daring escape . She is smart , resilient and funny , and I have been honored to be her attorney through the Human Trafficking Clinic at the University of Michigan Law School . Unfortunately there are thousands of adults and children like Lena who have not been able to escape their traffickers . These victims , especially the children , are in the same position Lena was : They 're being exploited and ca n't ask anyone for help . The data on human trafficking is sparse , but what is known is terrifying . It 's already the second largest criminal industry in the world -- behind only the trade in illegal drugs -- and it 's growing fast . The global commercial sex trade exploits one million children annually . At least 100,000 and perhaps as many as 300,000 children in America are victims of sex trafficking each year . The grim reality of child sex trafficking in the United States is this : Human traffickers are selling sex with children in big cities and small towns throughout America . Child sex trafficking has been illegal in the United States since 2000 with the passage of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act . Under this law it is illegal to recruit , harbor , transport , provide or obtain a person under the age of 18 years for the purpose of a commercial sex act . Since the passage of the TVPA many states have passed their own human trafficking laws . Children who are selling sex in the United States are then , by definition , victims of human trafficking . Despite this , child victims of sex trafficking are frequently viewed as criminals rather than as victims . According to the Department of Justice in 2006 , six years after the passage of the TVPA , 1,600 children were arrested for prostitution and commercialized vice . The children victimized by sex trafficking are often very young . On average , girls are first exploited for commercial sex between the ages of 12 and 14 . For boys the average age is even younger -- between 11 and 13 . But being a victim of sex trafficking does not have to be a life sentence . Victims can become survivors and build new lives . And while Lena is no longer the young college student she once was and it is too dangerous for her to return home , her speech and actions are now her own . She can choose where she wants to live . She is free . Through my work with Lena and other clients in the Human Trafficking Clinic we have identified a number of ways to fight sex trafficking . Raise awareness within your community : One of the biggest barriers to helping victims of sex trafficking is the lack of awareness about the issue . Human traffickers profit when we think human trafficking only happens in foreign countries . • Human trafficking happens everywhere , and sex trafficking cases involving children have been found in all regions of the country . No community is immune to the horrors of human trafficking . • Communities must prioritize the fight against human trafficking -- including providing enough resources to law enforcement . Change the conversation : Children who by law are too young to consent to having sex obviously can not consent to selling sex , so : • Victims should not be described as entering into prostitution ; they are being exploited and should be described as victims of human trafficking . • Law enforcement officials often arrest and detain child victims of sex trafficking on either prostitution charges or other charges , such as truancy or curfew violations . Law enforcement must be trained about human trafficking . • Sellers of sex , especially when they are children , should not be guilty of a criminal violation . Buyers and pimps should be the only individuals at risk of criminal penalties . This would ensure that no victims are arrested or jailed . Reduce demand : The reality of sex trafficking must not be neutralized or glamorized . • Individuals who travel abroad to purchase sex from children are demonized in the media and identified as sexual predators , yet individuals who stay in the United States and pay to have sex with children are given the anonymous title "  john " -- and frequently are n't even charged with a crime . • Individuals who pay for sex with children in the United States should be punished . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bridgette Carr .	Bridgette Carr says sex trafficking thrives in U.S. communities Victims of sex trade are often wrongly viewed as criminals , she says Carr : To fight trafficking , communities must become aware , reduce demand
YUSUFIYAH , Iraq  CNN  -- Until recently , Yusufiyah was among the most dangerous places in Iraq . U.S. Col. Michael Kershaw meets with Sunni leaders in Yusufiyah , formerly a hot spot for insurgent activity . Located in the so-called "  triangle of death , " a violent area south of Baghdad , it was the site of frequent clashes between coalition forces and Sunni fighters . In May , two U.S. soldiers went missing in Yusufiyah and were never found , despite a massive search . But today , Sunni tribal leaders in this town cooperate with U.S. forces in their battle against foreign fighters and al Qaeda in Iraq . "  It 's all the roll of the dice . It 's people and politics all intertwined down here , " said Col. Michael Kershaw , commander of the Second Brigade , 10th Mountain Division . Kershaw now greets his former enemies with kisses , hears their grievances , spends time in their homes and even shares meals with them . He is surprised at how far relations have progressed . "  Our hope a year ago was to establish very basic inroads down here , " Kershaw said . "  We thought the insurgency was far too deep for us to be able to effectively root it out and develop the relationship with the locals . " As happened in Anbar province to the west , local Sunni leaders from this town south of Baghdad finally turned on the al Qaeda extremists in their midst when the death and destruction became too much to bear . "  Killing people , stealing goats , everything , you name it , " said Sheik Hamid Karbouli , when asked why he and his men now oppose al Qaeda . Karbouli has recruited some 150 volunteers to man checkpoints and carry guns . Sunni sheik lists grievances against al Qaeda " The U.S. military calls the men concerned local citizens . "  I have n't had more than one IED destroy a vehicle in an area where concerned citizens were located ... in the past two months , " Kershaw said . To further encourage local tribesmen to turn against al Qaeda , the U.S. military pays local sheiks to provide security in their area ; they receive up to $ 10 per man . It 's a controversial policy , but one that has helped the U.S. military identify and stop insurgents , Kershaw said . "  In the three months since this has started , we have gathered more insurgents up , more terrorists , than we did in the preceding nine months . And that 's because they have pointed out to us these people within their own ranks , " Kershaw said . The next step is to have these young Sunnis join the Iraqi police . For that to happen , the U.S. military needs the cooperation of the Shiite-dominated government in Baghdad . Cooperation , however , is slow in coming . Iraq 's central government is concerned these gunmen might turn into armed militias if the U.S. pulls out and civil war erupts . To assuage these concerns , Kershaw is registering as many of the local volunteers as possible , taking photographs and retinal scans , hoping leaders in Baghdad will agree to hire them as Iraqi police . "  What we see as being the end state down here is these tribes being brought back full into the government process , " Kershaw said . The Second Brigade has lost 53 men in Iraq . Their photos are proudly displayed in the brigade 's headquarters . Some of the U.S. soldiers here have a hard time forgiving the Sunnis for what they might have done in the insurgency . "  Were some of these people part of the insurgency ? Sure they were , " Kershaw said . "  Our job over here is n't to do what 's comfortable for us , and it is n't to do what we want , " he said . "  Our job is to do the nation 's bidding . If this gets our nation closer to a solution for this country ... then that 's what we 're gon na do . " E-mail to a friend	Yusufiyah , south of Baghdad , was among the most dangerous places in Iraq Local Sunnis tired of the destruction wrought by al Qaeda in Iraq They partnered with U.S. forces to keep their town safe Iraq 's Shiite-dominated central government remains wary of such partnerships
CNN  -- With the launch of the gleaming new Azzam , Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich can no longer lay claim to being the owner of the world 's largest superyacht . At 590 - feet long , the Azzam is 57-feet longer than Abramovich 's mighty Eclipse -- previously the largest yacht on the waves . The hulking superyacht is significantly longer than a football field , larger than the US Navy 's Arleigh Burke-class destroyer and more capacious than many popular cruise ships . Last month , the behemoth eased cautiously out of its shipyard in Bremen , Germany , ushered by a team of powerful tugboats which were dwarfed by its enormous scale . The yacht has been kept under wraps throughout its construction for the past three years . The identity of the huge boat 's owner remains a mystery , but some speculate that it belongs to a powerful Middle Eastern billionaire . Just building the yacht cost a staggering $ 605 million -- a fee which does n't even begin to take into account the sky-high costs of its annual upkeep . In his book on the Lady Linda superyacht , author G. Bruce Knecht said that , "  operating and maintaining a yacht is at least 10 % of what the thing cost . " By which estimation , just keeping the Azzam on the water could cost as much as $ 60 million every year . The project was brought to fruition by Mubarak Saad al Ahbabi , who assembled a triumvirate of yacht-building super stars : the Azzam 's engineering was done by premier German shipbuilding company Lürssen , the exterior design was by Nauta Yachts and the interior was composed by Christophe Leoni . At present , very little is known about the interior detailing of the vessel . A spokesperson for Lürssen said "  the yacht is still under construction , and I doubt that we will get permission to shoot her even when she is ready . " Experts suggest that the interior could match or even surpass the opulence of Abramovich 's yacht which is equipped with two helipads , two swimming pools , a cinema , a disco and a mini-submarine that can dive to 150-feet to explore the ocean floor . Bullet-proof glass and armor plating lines Abramovich 's master bedroom , and the boat has its own missile defence system . The Azzam is described as having a "  sophisticated and luxurious interior in a turn of the century Empire style . " Although his primary work is not in yachting , French interior decorator Christophe Leoni says he is "  confident that the final yacht is everything and more the owner expects . " TheYachtPhoto 's Peter Seyfferth commented : "  For a yacht of this size , I think that she looks amazingly elegant and sleek . " As well as its prodigious length , the yacht also travels at a record-breaking pace . With a top speed of over 30 knots  around 34 mph  , the Azzam is considered to be the fastest superyacht on the sea . The Azzam is the latest in a line of vessels to have held the mantle of world 's largest yacht . Prior to the Eclipse , the 482-foot Prince Abdulaziz , owned by the Saudi royal family , held the record for 22 years . And before it , the Rising Sun was briefly the record-holder . Built by American businessman Larry Ellison , The Rising Sun came in at 454-feet and cost $ 200 million . With many more billionaires around the world eager to inscribe their names into the history books , it is anyone 's guess quite how long the Azzam will remain at the top . For now , its mystery owner can revel in the knowledge that his or her boat is at the very pinnacle of the yachting pecking order .	590-foot Azzam becomes world 's largest superyacht The yacht is 57-feet longer than Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich 's Eclipse With a top speed of 30-knots , the Azzam is also the fastest superyacht on the waves
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Madame Tussauds unveiled a wax figure of Michael Jackson on Thursday , showing the late entertainer in a pose from the concerts he had planned to hold this month . The new waxwork of Michael Jackson -- only Queen Elizabeth II has been portrayed more times by Madame Tussauds . Sculptors at the wax museum started working on the figure four months ago . They had intended to display it this month , to coincide with the start of Jackson 's "  This is It " comeback tour in London . The new figure is modeled on a Jackson pose from the concert poster , the museum said . It shows him "  arms outstretched , pelvis thrusting and tip-toed , with his trademark trilby angled forward , " the museum said . It is the 13th Jackson waxwork by Madame Tussauds , the museum said . Only Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II -- who has been on the throne for almost 60 years -- has been portrayed more often . "  It is extremely unusual for a personality to have been portrayed so many times , " said Madame Tussauds spokeswoman Liz Edwards . "  But Michael Jackson was totally unique and his iconic status made him one of the most popular stars here . " The London museum has two other Jackson waxworks -- one in a pose from "  Thriller " and another from his "  Dangerous " album . The other 10 Jackson waxworks are in other Madame Tussauds museums around the world . The museum said it decided to proceed with the figure after Jackson 's death last month "  as a tribute to one of the greatest musicians of all time and to celebrate his amazing 40-year career . "	Waxwork is the 13th of Jackson unveiled by the London tourist attraction Model had been commissioned before singer 's death to coincide with London concerts Only Queen Elizabeth II has been portrayed more often by the museum
CNN  -- The world is facing an increasing risk of "  irreversible " climate shifts because worst-case scenarios warned of two years ago are being realized , an international panel of scientists has warned . Drought , flooding , storms and mass extinction in the future will have a heavy social cost as well . Temperatures , sea levels , acid levels in oceans and ice sheets were already moving "  beyond the patterns of natural variability within which our society and economy have developed and thrived , " scientists said in a report released Thursday . The findings came at the end of a three-day conference in Copenhagen , Denmark , where nearly 2,000 researchers gathered to discuss climate change . The group called on policy-makers to use all tools available to reduce dangerous emissions of greenhouse gases . The current climate situation on the planet may be as severe as the worst-case scenarios predicted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  IPCC  , which issued warnings in 2007 of a future beset by flooding , drought , storms and mass extinction of species . In its report , the researchers also warned of potential social costs across the planet because of climate change . Temperature rises above 2 degrees Celsius would lead to climate disruption for the rest of the century and disproportionately affect poor nations , the researchers warned . "  Recent observations show that societies are highly vulnerable to even modest levels of climate change , with poor nations and communities particularly at risk , " the report said . The conclusions of the conference will be presented to politicians when they meet in Copenhagen in December . It is then that leaders will discuss a new global agreement on greenhouse gas emission levels to replace the Kyoto Protocol , which expires in 2012 .	Worst-case scenarios warned of two years ago are being realized , says scientists Findings came at the end of a three-day conference in Copenhagen Poor nations will be disproportionately affected by climate change
CNN  -- The world 's top pound-for-pound fighter , Manny Pacquiao , will attempt to win a world title in a fourth division by taking on three-time world champion Miguel Cotto in his next bout . Manny Pacquiao will take on Miguel Cotto in his next fight scheduled for Novermber 18 . The Filipino boxer will fight the 28-year-old Puerto Rican for the WBO welterweight title at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas , America on November 14 it has been confirmed . Promoter Bob Arum , who represents both fighters , announced that although contracts still need to be signed , verbal agreements have been given : "  I 'm very excited about this because it 's a good fight for boxing -LSB- and -RSB- it was n't difficult to do , because they both wanted the fight , " Arum told the Los Angeles Times . Pacquiao is a national hero in the Philippines but has seen his popularity grow around the world since his comprehensive victory over British fighter Ricky Hatton in Las Vegas . The man dubbed the "  National Fist " is currently rated by The Ring , the sport 's most respected trade magazine , as the best boxer in the world . His career earnings stand at an estimated $ 50M and he stands to bank further millions with the Cotto fee , however , Arum has yet to announce how the purse will be split . Pacquiao has been in devastating form in recent times , racking up a string of victories in four different weight divisions . Mexico 's super-featherweight Juan Manuel Marquez was dispatched by the "  Pac Man " before the 30-year-old secured further wins against America 's David Diaz  lightweight  and Oscar de la Hoya  welterweight  before a devastating show of force against British light-welterweight Ricky Hatton . Cotto survived a recent split decision result against Ghana 's Joshua Clottey despite suffering a bad cut over one of his eyes during the bout and has only lost once in his career thus far to 31-year-old Mexican Antonio Margarito . Arum said a press tour with the fighters will start Sept. 9 in Los Angeles .	Manny Pacquiao will fight Puerto Rico 's Miguel Cotto in his next fight The Filipino will be aiming to win the WBO welterweight title The bout will take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on November 14 The "  Pac Man " is currently rated the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world
CNN  -- An assistant New York state attorney general was killed during severe storms that barreled through the Northeast , killing at least two others as they unleashed strong winds and knocked out power to hundreds of thousands of customers . "  On behalf of all New Yorkers , I would like to express my sympathy to the loved ones of Assistant Attorney General Richard Schwartz , who tragically lost his life during last night 's severe storm , " Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in a statement Friday . The storms struck Thursday , and at one point that evening , severe thunderstorm watches were in effect for a continuous stretch from Oklahoma through New Jersey . In Pennsylvania , a tree crushed a woman in her car as she sought shelter at a campsite , killing her , said Glenn Dunn , the emergency management coordinator for Potter County . Tornadoes touched down in the Pennsylvania towns of Coudersport and Montrose on Thursday , forecasters said after conducting a survey of the area . The one in Coudersport was rated an EF-1 with a maximum wind speed of 90 mph , and the Montrose one was an EF-0 with maximum winds of 80 mph , the National Weather Service said . The service also reported that damage in Elmira , New York , was caused by an EF-1 tornado with estimated maximum wind speeds as high as 110 mph . In New York City , a 61-year-old man died Thursday when lightning struck a Brooklyn church , sending a scaffold crashing down on him , authorities said . Witnesses reported trees in the region buckling under the severe weather 's impact . "  The trees were bending sideways ,  and  the sky just went really dark and green , " Mark Ventrini , a photographer , reported seeing as he headed toward Belmar , New Jersey . "  Some of the storms were pretty intense . " Emergency managers in Broome County , New York , reported people trapped inside a home because of downed trees in the town of Vestal . Strong storms also caused damage in Binghamton , New York , but the weather service said no injuries or fatalities were reported there . There were also extensive power outages . More than 100,000 First Energy customers in Pennsylvania did n't have electricity Thursday night , while other utilities such as PECO and PPL reported tens of thousands of others similarly in the dark . Cuomo issued a news release stating there were nearly 95,000 homes and businesses without power in New York state , mostly NYSEG and Central Hudson customers . He also declared a state of emergency for hard-hit Chemung County in the southwestern part of the state . "  The brunt of the storm itself was intense but short -- there was very strong rain and wind for about 15 minutes , at which point the rain cleared and the lightning show began , " said Matthew Burke , a CNN iReporter who photographed lightning sprawling across the New York City skyline . Stunning pictures arise from New York storm Finding beauty in violent storms CNN 's Greg Botelho , Lila King , Julie Cannold and Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	A tornado touched down in Montrose , Pennsylvania , on Thursday , forecasters said "  Trees were bending sideways , " a man in New Jersey says The National Weather Service reports possible tornado touchdowns in the Northeast
CNN  -- An Alaska lottery held to raise money for a group that helps sexual abuse victims had a surprise winner : a convicted sex offender . Alec Ahsoak in an undated photograph . Alec Ahsoak , who according to the state sex offender registry was convicted in 1993 and 2000 for sexual abuse of a minor , came forward Saturday with the winning ticket for the $ 500,000 Lucky Time Pull Tabs jackpot . Proceeds of the lottery help Standing Together Against Rape in Anchorage , a nonprofit group that offers support to sexual assault victims among other services . "  It 's not how we had envisioned the story going , " Nancy Haag , the group 's executive director , told CNN Radio . Alaska has the highest per capita number of rape cases in the United States , according to FBI statistics . "  With a ranking that high , it 's ironic that the person who wins is a convicted sex offender , " Haag added . Ahsoak 's past was first revealed by KTUU-TV in Anchorage on Sunday . His attorney , Lance Wells , did not immediately return a call Monday from CNN . Efforts to reach lottery organizer Abe Spicola , who owns Lucky Times Pull Tabs , were unsuccessful late Monday . But Spicola told the Anchorage Daily News that Ahsoak "  was going to buy a house and said he was going to donate part of it to God , and , you know , charity . " CNN 's Samira J. Simone and April Willliams contributed to this report .	Lottery winner reportedly convicted in 1993 and 2000 for sexual abuse of a minor Proceeds of the lottery help Standing Together Against Rape in Anchorage FBI : Alaska has the highest per capita number of rape cases in the United States
New York  CNN  -- A vintage street sign that once stood at the foot of the New York Stock Exchange in the late 19th and early 20th centuries -- a period known as Wall Street 's Gilded Age -- was auctioned off Monday for a price befitting the neighborhood : $ 116,500 . The enamel-engraved , cast iron-bracketed sign was mounted at the corner of Wall and Broad streets in front of the J.P. Morgan and Co. bank building , also known as the "  House of Morgan . " The bank , owned by the influential industrialist J.P. Morgan , was the site of the notorious Wall Street Bombing of 1920 , in which a horse-drawn wagon packed with 100 pounds of dynamite detonated in the crowded financial district . Shrapnel scars from the blast are still visible on the sign . The attack , which occurred shortly after noon on September 16 , 1920 , left 38 people dead and hundreds wounded . At the time , it had been the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil to date . The perpetrators were never caught , but historians suspect radical anarchists were to blame . The bombing helped ignite the Red Scare that came to define the following decades . The intersection of Wall Street and Broad Street was again the scene of chaos in the wake of the Stock Market Crash of 1929 , when crowds assembled outside the New York Stock Exchange in shock . Sung-Hee Park , a spokeswoman for Chrisite 's Auction House , said the sale surpassed pre-auction expectations of $ 60,000 to $ 80,000 . She said the buyer was a collector in Asia , and the bid was placed by telephone .	Sign marked intersection of Wall and Broad streets more than a century ago Buyer was Asian collector , bid by phone Winning bid of $ 116,500 far surpassed pre-auction expectations
CNN  -- Kate Hudson 's ex , Black Crowes rocker Chris Robinson , is going to be a dad again , a representative for the band confirmed in a statement Tuesday . Chris Robinson and girlfriend Allison Bridges will be having a child in early 2010 . Robinson and girlfriend Allison Bridges , who have been dating for two years , are expecting their first child in early 2010 , the statement said . The baby will be the 42-year-old frontman 's second child -- - he and Hudson have a 5 1/2 - year-old son , Ryder Russell , together . Hudson and Robinson were married for six years and their divorce was finalized in October 2006 . They were granted joint custody of their son . Robinson and his brother Rich formed the band that would eventually become the Black Crowes in the 1980s . The Crowes ' new album , "  Before the Frost ... Until the Freeze , " is in stores now .	Black Crowes frontman Chris Robinson having baby with girlfriend Robinson and girlfriend Allison Bridges have been dating for two years He and ex Kate Hudson have a 5-1/2 - year-old son , Ryder Russell , together
When the government shut down last year , Rep. Mo Brooks , R-Alabama , walked up to a fellow conservative a few feet from the House Floor , and high fived him . Now , Republicans are so shutdown averse , even Brooks tells CNN they should do everything in their power to fight President Barack Obama 's immigration executive action . Everything except shutting down the government . Brooks ' change speaks volumes about Republican thinking at a time when the party is weighing a response to Obama 's order amid pressure from some influential outside conservative forces are pushing Republicans to go once again down the shutdown route . "  There is no reason to shut down the government over this . It would be bad for the government , bad for the country and playing into his hands in a way , " said Sen. Rob Portman , R-Ohio . RELATED : The legal battle over Obama 's immigration plan "  Nobody wants to shut the government down . I do n't know anybody on either side of the aisle with rational thoughts would want to shut the government down . So we start with that premise , " echoed Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama . "  I would try anything except a shutdown of the government , " added Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona . The lawmakers spoke in separate hallway interviews . With a shutdown off the table -- the question is how can Republicans respond ? The answer , according to many Republican congressional sources , is that they do n't have a lot of viable avenues for beating back the president 's executive order , which is expected to allow up to 5 million illegal immigrants to stay legally . There may not be great options , but there are at least some choices . Aim for the budget The first is to use Congress ' greatest weapon -- the power of the purse -- without shutting down the government . A leading idea is to fund the majority of the government for a year , as planned , but carve out funding for immigration-related agencies and only provide money for those for a short time . One Republican senator , who asked not to be identified in order to speak freely about the strategy , told CNN that such a move would "  give us time to come up with a proposal . " "  He wo n't veto either of those , I do n't think , " the GOP senator said , speaking of the President . There are pitfalls in this idea -- not the least of which is getting the bill passed in what is still a Democratic-controlled Senate . But GOP sources admit a broader problem that Republicans have with using the power of the purse to stop the president from enacting his executive action is that Congress does n't actually fund the immigration agency responsible for enforcement . U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services , the primary agency responsible for green cards and work permits , is self-funded -- paid for with customs fees . That 's why other Republican lawmakers admit they would have to put policy riders negating the president 's actions on appropriations bills , which would lead back to the short term problem of a government shutdown , since the president is unlikely to sign a bill that rolls back his own executive order . Another option under discussion is to pass a spending bill in December , but vote separately early next year on a bill that would rescind any funds specifically for those federal agencies that carry out the immigration executive order . Several Republicans say they could attach this kind of a bill to cancel the money to a one authorizing another program the president supports , which would put him in a tough position to veto it . Sue the president Republican lawmakers do believe they will have a good case to take to the courts to fight to the president 's actions . Several House Republicans said a lawsuit should be filed immediately to attempt to halt -- at least temporarily -- the president 's plans , but they admit that legal challenge will drag out and should be pursued on a separate track than the debate over government funding . Some say they that when the new GOP-controlled Congress takes over they will push resolutions formally rejecting and presidential executive order and admonishing him for it . The idea is that showing Congress disapproves will help give lawmakers legal standing in court . Block the president 's nominees Still another idea floated by some GOP members is to block some of the president 's nominations in the Senate in response to executive order . It 's unlikely Republicans would refuse to vote on Loretta Lynch , the president 's pick to replace Eric Holder as Attorney General , but they could deny votes on other key positions the president want to fill . CORRECTION : This post has been updated to correct which state Rep. Mo Brooks is from .	Some Republicans are pushing to avoid a government shutdown this year Obama 's immigration orders have raised tensions between the President and the GOP Alternatives to a shutdown include hitting the budget , suing and blocking nominees
A prominent Ukrainian civic activist and journalist was beaten on Christmas Day by a group of men who dragged her from her car outside of Kiev in the latest attack on government opponents , authorities said . In a statement on its website , the Interior Ministry said it had identified three suspects in the beating of Tetiana Chornovol , who was assaulted in the early hours of Wednesday . The ministry said it had arrested two of the suspects . A dashboard camera in Chornovol 's car captured part of the attack on the 34-year-old journalist known for her muckraking investigations into corruption among senior state officials , according to the opposition Batkivshchyna party website . A still image from the dashboard camera footage showed the black SUV that struck Chornovol 's car moments before the assault . The freelance journalist suffered a broken nose , concussion and numerous bruises , the online newspaper Ukrainska Pravda reported . On Thursday , the U.S. embassy in Kiev sharply condemned the beating in a statement . It called for an investigation , "  which unlike previous such incidents must result in those responsible being held fully accountable under the law . " The embassy alleged that people were being targeted for their involvement in pro-European Union protests . "  These are unacceptable violations of civil liberties that have no place in a modern , democratic society , " the embassy said . Pro-Western protests The attack on the activist journalist comes as Russia agrees to buy Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas -- an economic lifeline from President Vladimir Putin as Ukraine is rattled by protests calling for closer economic ties with Europe instead . Under the deal , Putin said Moscow would buy $ 15 billion in Ukrainian debt by investing in its national welfare fund . The cost of Russian gas supplied to Ukraine was cut from more than $ 400 per 1,000 cubic meters to $ 268.50 . The deal has been criticized by the tens of thousands of protesters who have poured into the streets of the Ukrainian capital for weeks , angry at Yanukovych for spurning a trade deal with the European Union last month and turning to Moscow for help . Lithuanian Foreign Minister Linas Linkevicius condemned the violence and intimidation against participants in rallies in support of Ukraine 's integration into the European Union and calling for the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych , according to the state news agency UKrinform "  Intimidation and violence against  pro-European Union  activists must be stopped , " Linkevicius wrote on Twitter . In a post on his Facebook page Wednesday , independent journalist Mustafa Nayyem said supporters of Yanukovych and his administration were complicit in the brutal attack . "  YOU are personally complicit , and you support this disgusting state of affairs , " he wrote . "  And it 's no longer about image , or losing power , or losing influence -- it is about losing a sense of humanity and our entire generation . You no longer have the right to decide things for us . You no longer have the right to determine what country we should live in . " Face battered Pictures and a video of the journalist posted online showed Chernovol with the right side of her face and her lips swollen and bloody , according to Russian state-run RIA Novosti news agency . Sources on various social media pages said she was hospitalized with a concussion . Yanukovych urged police Wednesday to investigate the attack as quickly as possible , the news agency reported . The attack was the second on a Ukrainian opposition activist in as many days , according to RIA Novosti . Dmitry Pilipets , a civic activist and organizer of protests in the eastern city of Kharkiv , was stabbed four times on the street by two unknown male attackers late Tuesday night . He was hospitalized Wednesday in stable condition , according to the news agency . The latest assault could increase tensions between the state and demonstrators who have braved sub-zero temperatures and set up tents and barricades in the city center to voice their opposition to closer ties with Russia .	U.S. embassy in Kiev condemns the beating Prominent Ukrainian journalist Tetiana Chornovol brutally is beaten by two men A dashboard camera in the journalist 's car captured part of the assault The Interior Ministry identifies three suspects , arrests two of them
At least 12 government troops and 11 attackers were killed after al Qaeda fighters riding in more than 20 trucks raided government institutions in the southern province of Hadramout Friday night . The Defense Ministry confirmed the fatalities to government troops , adding that 11 more were injured in the attacks , and four of them were in critical condition . Eyewitnesses in Seyoon district told CNN that more than 100 al Qaeda fighters attacked nine different governmental institutions , including the national security and police headquarters , and two strategic military bases . "  The militants waited until nightfall and burned down all the government institutions they controlled , " said Ali Ba Obaid , an eyewitnesses . He said that government reinforcements arrived two hours after the militants had taken control of the institutions . "  Hundreds of government forces led by the air force and special forces forced the terror militants to evacuate " early Saturday morning , "  but they left after destroying everything , " he said . "  The latest al Qaeda defeat in Seyoon is strong proof that their ability to control areas in Yemen are very limited , " the official told CNN on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media . He said that two of the terrorists killed in the clashes were Saudi . The attacks came a little more than a month after Yemen launched a military offensive against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula amid an uptick in violence in the capital . Four civilians killed as Yemen battles al Qaeda	Eyewitnesses : More than 100 fighters attacked nine governmental institutions Defense Ministry : At least 12 government soldiers and 11 attackers were killed One witness says they burned down "  all the government institutions they controlled "
Jerusalem  CNN  Either Benjamin Netanyahu just staged the most dramatic political comeback in Israeli history and beyond , or something was very wrong with the polls before and during the election . Polls predicted a tight race coming down to the wire , with Netanyahu in a virtual tie with his main challenger , Isaac Herzog of the Zionist Union party . Only four days before the election , polls showed Herzog taking a four-seat lead into the final weekend before the election . Exit polls on the night of the election showed Netanyahu had closed the gap . The polls suggested he was in a dead heat , with a very even split between right-wing and left-wing parties . Then came the results . Not more polls or surveys , but actual counts from the ballot boxes . Netanyahu was n't in a fight for his political life after all . He was the clear winner , running away with the election and facing a fairly clear path to create a coalition government . Although the results are unofficial , it seems almost certain that Netanyahu will remain the Israeli prime minister . Avi Degani , a pollster , professor at Tel Aviv University and president of the Geocartography Knowledge Group , saw very different results from his own polls . He never anticipated a Zionist Union victory . Instead , he says , he always saw Likud holding a lead . The mistake that others made , according to Degani , was in the methodology . "  The Internet does not represent the state of Israel and the people of Israel , " he said , referring to modern statistical methods . "  It represents panels , and the panels are biased strongly to the center -- Tel Aviv , better-educated , more participants in this kind of conversation . And people who are in the periphery and so on and have the stronger tendency to vote Likud , I think , are poorly represented . " "  I have tested sometimes at the same night , doing by telephone as I do always -- and very specifically geographically , and very well-weighted and very well , having cell phones and other phones and so on -- and at the same time I did on the Internet . And I got results which are very , very different . " But Mina Tzemach , the polling expert for CNN affiliate Channel 2 Israel , suggests Netanyahu was in a tight race the entire way and managed to close the gap "  like a magician , " using the election polls as his final trick . "  The polls showed that they are going to lose . It gave very important information both to the public and to the politicians . Netanyahu used it , " said Tzemach . "  Many voted what we call strategic voting . They did not vote to the party that is their first preference , but they voted for the Likud . " Likud voters did not participate in exit polls , according to Tzemach , and that skewed the results , leading many to believe that Herzog had tied Netanyahu . "  We had ballots in an area where there are a lot of immigrants from the former Soviet Union , " explained Tzemach . "  In these ballots , more than 30 % did not participate in our polls , and they are Likud supporters . " Another factor that may have worked in Netanyahu 's favor was his Likud party cannibalizing votes from other right-wing parties . In the days before the election , Netanyahu moved to the political right , making a big push for right-wing voters to choose his party over other ideologically similar parties , such as Naftali Bennett 's Jewish Home party and Avigdor Lieberman 's Yisrael Beiteinu party . During the weekend before the election , Netanyahu took part in a right-wing rally in Tel Aviv 's central Rabin Square . He continued his shift to the right in a series of interviews with local media leading up to the election . His most controversial statement came the day before the elections when he reversed his publicly stated position on a two-state solution . "  Anyone who is going to establish a Palestinian state , anyone who is going to evacuate territories today , is simply giving a base for attacks to the radical Islam against Israel , " he said in a television interview . "  This is the true reality that was created here in the last few years . " In 2009 , in a speech known as the Bar Ilan speech , Netanyahu committed to negotiations for a two-state solution , saying , "  Let us begin peace negotiations immediately without prior conditions . Israel is committed to international agreements , and expects all sides to fulfill their obligations . I say to the Palestinians : We want to live with you in peace , quiet , and good neighborly relations . " Tzemach estimates that Likud took four seats from Jewish Home and two more seats from Yachad , a party that did not receive enough votes to warrant inclusion in the Knesset , Israel 's parliament . Exit polls in Israel have been wrong before . In the most recent elections in 2013 , exit polls showed Yair Lapid 's centrist Yesh Atid party winning between 12 and 13 seats in the Knesset . But when the final results were tallied , Lapid won 19 seats , becoming a major player in the government . This time , the unexpected surprise worked in Netanyahu 's favor , turning the campaign race into an election night rout . Likud had never polled better than approximately 25 seats , but it grabbed at least 29 of the 120 seats in the Knesset , according to unofficial numbers from the Israeli election committee based on 99 % of the vote . Netanyahu has worked this sort of magic once before . In the 1996 elections , early results showed the Labor Party 's Shimon Peres as the winner , but as more results came in , Netanyahu eked out a victory by fewer than 1 % of the votes . Degani said this election reveals the truth behind Israeli politics . "  This last election it showed very clearly that we do not have right and left . We have only right and extreme right , which is not nice sometimes . And in the right , you have the Likud mostly , and in the Likud , you have mostly Netanyahu . "	Polls predicted a tight race coming down to the wire , with Netanyahu in a virtual tie with Isaac Herzog of the Zionist Union party But actual results show Netanyahu running away with the election Possible causes : Poll methodology , Netanyahu 's last-minute turn to the right
CNN  -- A federal appeals court on Tuesday rejected a former San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit officer 's claim of immunity in the shooting death of Oscar Grant , clearing the way for the 22-year-old 's father to sue over the controversial killing on a train platform . Johannes Mehserle was convicted of fatally shooting Grant in the back on New Year 's Day in 2009 as he lay on a platform at the Fruitvale BART Station in Oakland , a case that is recounted in the award-winning movie "  Fruitvale Station . " The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals denied Mehserle 's claim that "  the facts overwhelmingly show that he was acting consistently within the legitimate law enforcement objective of arresting Grant , " upholding a lower court ruling that found there was a "  genuine issue " as to whether the former officer 's actions were required for a legitimate law enforcement purpose . Mehserle testified at his 2010 trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun . He was sentenced to two years in prison after his involuntary manslaughter conviction but was released after serving 11 months because of a California law that allowed him to reduce his sentence to nearly a year . The shooting gained national attention in large part because it was captured on an onlooker 's cell phone video camera . The video showed Mehserle pulling his gun and shooting Grant in the back as another officer appeared to be kneeling down over the unarmed man . The video was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts , and it spurred months of protests in and around Oakland . Violent protests erupted after Mehserle 's sentence was handed down , with at least 150 people arrested by the police . The case has continued to draw interest and questions , with first-time director Ryan Coogler tackling the story in the independent film "  Fruitvale Station " that was released this year . The film chronicles the last day of Grant 's life . The movie made its premiere at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival , where it took home the U.S. Grand Jury Prize and an Audience Award . It went on to win the award for Best First Film at the 66th Cannes Film Festival . Coogler wrote the film , which stars Michael B. Jordan , Octavia Spencer , Kevin Durand and Chad Michael Murray . Florida deputies shoot man they mistook for car thief	The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a lower court ruling That ruling found Johannes Mehserle is not entitled to immunity from a lawsuit Oscar Grant , 22 , was shot and killed by Mehserle on New Year 's Day 2009 Grant 's father is suing Mehserle over the killing
CNN  -- Roma 's hopes of a record-extending 11th successive Italian Serie A victory were thwarted Sunday by a team that had n't won in six matches . Torino 's streak was stretched to seven by the 1-1 draw , which gave Turin rival Juventus a boost in its bid to win a third successive title . The result left league leader Roma three points clear of Juve and Napoli , who both won on Saturday . The capital club , seeking a first title since 2001 under the guidance of new French coach Rudi Garcia , seemed on course for another routine win when Dutch midfielder Kevin Strootman fired a 28th-minute opener . But Torino hit back in the 63rd minute through striker Alessio Cerci , whose eighth league goal this season -- the second best behind Fiorentina 's Giuseppe Rossi -- moved his team up to 12th place . It was only the second goal scored against Roma in the top flight this season , the other being by Parma in September . The visiting side , which had the only 100 % record in the major European leagues , again missed the attacking presence of captain Francesco Totti and Ivory Coast forward Gervinho , both sidelined by injury . Inter Milan reclaimed fourth place with a 3-0 win at Udinese that kept Walter Mazzarri 's team above Verona on goal difference . Verona beat Cagliari 2-1 , while Roma 's seventh-placed city rival Lazio lost ground with a 2-0 home defeat by Genoa . In France , former Roma coach Claudio Ranieri suffered his first Ligue 1 defeat this season with Monaco , which lost 2-0 at Lille . Lille climbed above the principality club into second place behind champion Paris Saint-Germain , which has a two-point advantage following Friday 's 4-0 win over Lorient . Nolan Roux scored both goals to inflict Monaco 's second successive reverse , having also lost in the League Cup in midweek . In Spain , Atletico Madrid kept the pressure on La Liga leader Barcelona with a 2-0 win at home to fifth-placed Athletic Bilbao . Diego Costa joined Cristiano Ronaldo at the top of the scoring charts with his 13th goal this season , while strike partner David Villa added the other -- his sixth since leaving Barca . The victory put Atletico a point behind the unbeaten champion and five clear of third-placed city rival Real Madrid , which struggled to a 3-2 win over bottom club Rayo Vallecano on Saturday . Valencia moved into the top half of the table with a 1-0 win at Getafe , while Malaga climbed clear of the relegation zone with a 3-2 victory at home to third-bottom Real Betis . In England , Tottenham and Everton both failed to claim second place in the Premier League after playing out a goalless draw . Visiting Spurs moved up to fourth , on goal difference behind Liverpool and Chelsea , and five points adrift of London rival Arsenal . It left Everton a point further back in seventh , below Manchester City and Southampton . Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris played the last half an hour after receiving a heavy blow to the head which required nine minutes of injury-time to be added . The France international refused to go off the pitch despite medical advice . "  Hugo still does n't recall everything about the incident , " Spurs manager Andre Villas-Boas said . "  I made the call to keep him on the pitch because of the signs he was giving . The saves he did after the incident proved that right . " Promoted Cardiff won the first Welsh derby to be played in the EPL , triumphing 1-0 against Swansea -- whose former defender Steven Caulker headed the only goal .	Italian league leader Roma held to 1-1 draw away to Torino on Sunday Alessio Cerci 's equalizer denies capital club a record-extending 11th Serie A win Former Roma coach Claudio Ranieri suffers first defeat of season with Monaco Atletico Madrid keeps pressure on Spanish leader Barcelona with victory
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Officials in Mexico 's Chiapas state postponed classes Friday for more than 1 million students in an effort to avoid a resurgence of H1N1 flu , which has sickened thousands throughout Mexico this year . After the first confirmed swine flu reports in April , Mexico shut down all of its schools and many public venues . Chiapas Education Secretary Javier Alvarez Ramos and state Health Secretary James Gomez Montes said classes will start August 31 for middle and high school students and September 7 for elementary pupils , the state-run Notimex news agency said . About 1.55 million students will be affected , 850,000 of them in elementary school , Notimex said . This is not the first instance of officials in Mexico altering schedules to combat the disease . The first cases of H1N1 , also called swine flu , were confirmed in Mexico in April . Within days , the government closed all schools and most public venues . In Mexico City , officials shut down all bars , theaters and public gathering places and limited restaurants to take-out orders . About 35,000 businesses were affected . All non-essential federal government offices also were closed nationwide for several days . The World Health Organization declared a global pandemic in early June . As of August 6 , the WHO reported more than 177,450 confirmed cases in 170 nations . The Western Hemisphere has the most cases , with nearly 103,000 confirmed instances of the disease and almost 1,300 deaths . The WHO is no longer providing a country-by-country breakdown , but the United States , Argentina and Mexico have had the most cases and fatalities . In the United States , federal officials released new guidelines this month for containing the spread of the virus across the nation 's school system . Government officials have warned of a possible resurgence in the H1N1 virus this fall . Among other things , health officials urged local administrators to exercise caution and restraint when deciding whether to close a school in response to an outbreak , noting that the costs of shutting down institutions often outweigh the benefits . Officials also confirmed that a new vaccine to combat the virus is likely to be ready by October . The revised federal guidelines advise parents to keep children infected with the H1N1 virus out of school for 24 hours after the fever has gone away . Parents were previously advised to keep their children out of school for seven days after the end of a fever caused by H1N1 . The virus has spread around the world with unprecedented speed , according to the WHO . Past influenza viruses have needed more than six months to spread as widely as the current H1N1 virus spread in less than six weeks , the WHO said .	Officials in Chiapas delay school in effort to avoid flu resurgence 1.55 million students affected , 850,000 of them in elementary school U.S. officials urge restraint when shutting schools , because of cost
CNN  -- A year to the day after racially abusing an opponent , John Terry stepped out as Chelsea captain wearing an anti-racism armband -- only for the Blues to suffer their first Champions League defeat since winning the trophy in May . Terry wore the band as part of a week of action organized by the group ` Football Against Racism in Europe  Fare  ' , which has asked all club captains in European competition to help its campaign . The 31-year-old is currently serving a domestic ban after being found guilty of racial abuse against Anton Ferdinand by the English FA -- but his suspension does not apply to European football , where Chelsea were subjected to a torrid time by Shakhtar Donetsk . Read : Terry waives FA racism appeal Unbeaten over the last 11 months , the Ukrainian champions won 2-1 after Alex Teixeira gave the hosts the perfect start with a goal after three minutes as the ball ricocheted off Terry into his path . Shakhtar would have added to their lead but for some fine goalkeeping from Petr Cech and had to wait until the 52nd minute before Fernandinho rewarded their dominance with a deserved second goal . Late on , Oscar became the third Brazilian to score in the European tie but his close-range strike was too little too late as Chelsea lost their first Champions League game since going down 3-1 in Italy against Napoli in February . "  Perhaps it was one of our best games in recent times , " Shakhtar coach Mircea Lucescu told the official website of European body UEFA . "  And I have to say that this Chelsea side are stronger than the one that won the Champions League last season . That makes our victory even more important . " Chelsea stay second in Group E after two-time winners Juventus could only draw 1-1 at the Danish home of tournament new boys Nordsjaelland . Elsewhere , Barcelona and Manchester United both came from behind as they struggled to beat less fancied opposition despite boasting home advantage . Deprived of some key personnel in defense , Barca were stunned when Scottish visitors Celtic took the lead through Giorgios Samaras ' deflected header -- only for Andres Iniesta to draw the four-time champions level just before the break with a fine goal . After outstanding Celtic goalkeeper Fraser Forster thought he had done enough to repel the home side 's best efforts , Barcelona secured their 100th Champions League win when Jordi Alba found the net four minutes into stoppage time to secure a 2-1 win . In England , Manchester United were equally surprised as Brazil 's Alan gave Portugal 's Braga a two-goal lead within 20 minutes inside a shocked Old Trafford . Mexican striker Javier Hernandez made the most of a rare start as he reduced the deficit shortly moments later , before wrapping up the win 15 minutes from time after Jonny Evans had scrambled home an equaliser shortly after the hour . "  It 's been the story of our season at home -- start badly , lose goals and have to fight back to rescue games , " said United coach Alex Ferguson after the 3-2 victory . "  Some of our football was fantastic but conceding so many goals is a concern . " Elsewhere , Spartak Moscow won their first match and points in Group G , beating Portuguese side Benfica 2-1 in Russia to trail Barca by six points and Celtic by just one . Spaniards Valencia were the biggest winners of the night , winning 3-0 in Belarus to bring home side Bate Borisov -- who stunned Bayern Munich 3-1 in their last European game -- back down to earth . Meanwhile , the Germans , who were beaten runners-up on home soil against Chelsea in the final in May , rebounded in solid if unconvincing fashion when winning 1-0 at French side Lille . Galatasaray could not profit from playing against a CFR Cluj side reduced to ten men for over an hour as the Turks conceded an own goal and missed a penalty before equalizing late on to draw 1-1 .	Shakhtar Donetsk inflict first Champions League defeat on Chelsea since the English side 's triumph in May John Terry sports anti-racism armband a year to the day after abusing Anton Ferdinand Barcelona and Manchester United come from behind to win at home against Celtic and Braga Bayern Munich return to winning ways as last year 's runners-up rebound from shock defeat in Belarus
CNN  -- Miep Gies , who ensured the diary of Anne Frank did not fall into the hands of Nazis after the teen 's arrest , has died . She was 100 . Gies was among a team of Dutch citizens who hid the Frank family of four and four others in a secret annex in Amsterdam , Netherlands , during World War II , according to her official Web site , which announced her death Monday . She worked as a secretary for Anne Frank 's father , Otto , in the front side of the same Prinsengracht building . The family stayed in the secret room from July 1942 until August 4 , 1944 , when they were arrested by Gestapo and Dutch police after being betrayed by an informant . Two of Gies ' team were arrested that day , but she and her friend , Bep Voskuijl , were left behind -- and found 14-year-old Anne 's papers . "  And there Bep and I saw Anne 's diary papers lying on the floor . I said , ` Pick them up ! ' Bep stood there staring , frozen . I said , ` Pick them up ! Pick them up ! ' We were afraid , but we did out best to collect all the papers , " Gies said in a 1998 interview with The Anne Frank House in Amsterdam . "  Then we went downstairs . And there we stood , Bep and I. I asked , ` What now , Bep ? ' She answered , ` You 're the oldest . You hold on to them . So I did . " The girl had chronicled two years of the emotions and fears that gripped her during hiding , as well as candid thoughts on her family , her feelings for friend-in-hiding Peter van Pels , and dreams of being a professional writer . Mixed into the entries were the names of the Dutch helpers , who risked their lives to keep the family 's secret . "  I did n't read Anne 's diary papers . ... It 's a good thing I did n't because if I had read them I would have had to burn them , " she said in the 1998 interview . "  Some of the information in them was dangerous . " The diary was sheltered in Gies ' desk drawer and later turned over to Otto Frank when he returned after the war as the only surviving resident of the annex . Anne died at northern Germany 's Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in 1945 . Her father published her diary , titled "  The Secret Annex , " in 1947 . Despite the legendary hardship she endured during the German occupation , Gies never embraced the label of a hero . "  More than 20,000 Dutch people helped to hide Jews and others in need of hiding during those years . I willingly did what I could to help . My husband did as well . It was not enough , " she says in the prologue of her memoirs , "  Anne Frank Remembered : The Story of the Woman Who Helped to Hide the Frank Family . " "  There is nothing special about me . I have never wanted special attention . I was only willing to do what was asked of me and what seemed necessary at the time . " Gies ' husband , Jan , whom she married in 1941 , died in 1993 . The couple had a son together .	Gies helped hide Anne Frank , seven others from Nazis in Amsterdam After hiding place was raided , Gies found Anne 's diary and kept it until after the war Gies worked as a secretary for Anne 's father , Otto , and later gave diary to him
In the space of a short few months , the self-styled Islamic State  also known by the acronym ISIS  has claimed to have established a fundamentalist state and revived the Caliphate , while seemingly monopolizing the market on young foreign fighters from Europe and North America , while conducting a sophisticated social media and propaganda campaign . Amid the highly publicized beheadings of Western journalists , soldiers and aid workers accompanied by personal messages to U.S. President Barack Obama , ISIS has established itself as the main jihadist group in the world today , leaving al Qaeda struggling to make an impact . However , al Qaeda is now fighting back and seem eager to reclaim some of the limelight . In a 55-minute video released less than two weeks ago , the current leader of al Qaeda , Ayman al-Zawahiri , promised to "  raise the flag of Jihad " and to spread Islamic rule across the South Asia by operating in India , Bangladesh and Myanmar , under the new rubric "  Qaeda al-Jihad . " Although government officials are still trying to verify the authenticity of the video , the idea has already been welcomed by the Pakistani Taliban , whilst India has expressed deep concerns over al Qaeda 's plan to establish a permanent presence in the region . Al-Zawahiri 's announcement did come as a bit of a surprise , as the recent activities of ISIS had been dominating news headlines all over the world and led many to believe that al Qaeda has now dwindled and faded into the background , as newer , younger and more sophisticated groups have replaced it . As to why the Indian subcontinent has been declared as the new home for al Qaeda , Zawahiri cites the aim of rescuing Muslims from oppression and injustice in the region as the group 's main driving force . ` Muslim lands ' In the video , al-Zawahiri makes reference to tribal violence in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , Assam and Kashmir , as well as violence against the Rohingya Muslims by Buddhists in Myanmar . By arguing that places such as Bangladesh and Myanmar were once "  Muslim lands " until the enemy occupied and fragmented them , al-Zawahiri proposes that the lives of Muslim people in the region can be improved and liberated through the establishment of an Islamic state guided by Sharia law . However , the timing of the video suggests the reasons al-Zawahiri gives are surface deep . In truth , this bold announcement by al Qaeda is more likely an attempt to branch out into new and untapped markets that are viewed as beyond the reach of its rival , ISIS . This would be an obvious and natural thing for al Qaeda to do since ISIS clearly has far more success both globally , in terms of publicity , and locally , in that they have eclipsed the local al Qaeda affiliate , Jabhat al Nusra . ISIS has also managed to do things al Qaeda never could . For one , being primarily focused on fighting a distant enemy -- the West -- al Qaeda has been unable to evolve beyond being a terrorist organization , whilst ISIS has moved from being an al Qaeda offshoot to progressing into a fully-fledged state -- or at least that is how they and their fellow jihadists view things . This has enabled ISIS to attract foreign fighters on a far larger scale than al Qaeda ever did . More worryingly , from al Qaeda 's perspective , is the fact ISIS seems to be attracting smaller splinter groups previously viewed as being in al Qaeda 's domain of influence . For example , the Algeria-based "  Soldiers of the Caliphate " group , which was previously viewed as an al Qaeda-linked faction in North Africa , recently declared itself an ally of ISIS . Regardless of the reasons al Qaeda gives -- or does not give -- as to why it is expanding into the Indian Sub-Continent , the strategic and tactical implications of this move are potentially immense . Firstly , although 80 % of the population is Hindu , according to a 2011 census , India alone houses around 140 million Muslims whilst another 132 million or so Muslims are in Bangladesh . This means roughly one fifth of the world 's Muslims are in these two countries alone , whilst Myanmar is home to a small Muslim community that is being systematically persecuted . Al Qaeda 's plan will fail With the Pakistani market being saturated and ISIS increasingly dominating the Middle East , one can understand why al Qaeda has decided to push into this largely untapped market , especially since so few jihadist recruits , in relative terms , have been from these two countries historically . However , there are good reasons why India and Bangladesh have not been fertile breeding grounds for jihadists in the past . These countries have their extremist minorities too but they have not experienced the large influx of Gulf State largesse that neighboring Pakistan has , and they have much more pluralistic cultural traditions . In the case of India at least , there is also a much more robust democracy and in the case of both countries Islamist-inspired groups do not have significant influence in government . In all likelihood , al Qaeda 's attempts to branch into India and Bangladesh will fail . In fact , al-Zawahiri is illustrating his cultural naivety by making this announcement and assuming that these countries are just like Pakistan . They have also got off to a very bad start by mistakenly attacking a Pakistan frigate which they mistook for an American aircraft carrier a couple of days ago . Three terrorists were killed and seven arrested in the failed attempt . It is clear is that al Qaeda is panicking and witnessing the rise of ISIS with dread and jealousy . However , they will have to work a lot harder to regain the momentum they lost after the killing of Osama bin Laden .	ISIS has established itself as the main jihadist group in the world today This has left al-Qaeda struggling to make an impact , according to Quilliam 's Ghaffar Hussain Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri promises to "  raise the flag of Jihad " and spread Islamic rule across S. Asia But there are good reasons why India and Bangladesh have not been fertile breeding grounds for jihadists , Hussain says
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- The number of properties lacking running water in Northern Ireland has dwindled to fewer than 1,000 , state-funded water company Northern Ireland Water said Sunday . As of Saturday , the number was about 2,600 , the company said . About 45,000 properties may still have limited water supplies Sunday night , compared to 60,000 on Saturday night . The disruption would cut supplies overnight as reservoirs are refilled . Many customers have been without running water for nearly a week , and some said they have not had water supply for more than 10 days . The shortage was blamed on the bursting of several major water pipes in a rapid thaw that followed record low temperatures last week . The company has said a number of pipes burst when the temperature rose from minus 16 to 10 degrees Celsius  3 to 50 degrees Fahrenheit  "  within a matter of hours . " The number of customers without water stood at 799 on Sunday , the company said , and 276 have a temporary supply . Northern Ireland Water has drawn criticism from government officials , who held an emergency meeting on the situation last week . The company 's interim chairman , Padraic White , said its response to the "  unprecedented situation " was "  unacceptable . " "  There remains a considerable demand for water arising from leaks on customers ' private installations , " the company said in a statement Sunday . "  Throughout this incident , NI Water has consistently reiterated the need for customers to check their premises for any damage to their own private infrastructure and to repair this as soon as possible . Failure to do so simply adds to the water supply problems for other customers . " The company asked customers to refrain from using garden hoses and washing cars . Some 500 staffers have been working to restore water service to those without supply , and the company was contacting customers in the affected areas to keep them apprised of the situation , Northern Ireland Water said . Company officials have also complained about a lack of investment in the water infrastructure over the years . Reservoir levels in the greater Belfast area remain low , the company said . Schools are expected to resume this week and next , and the company is "  confident there will be very few , if any , schools affected due to interruptions on the main water supply system , " the statement said . "  However , many schools will have suffered damage to their internal infrastructure and we understand these are currently being located and repaired . " Northern Ireland Water is working with the Department of Education , and more information on schools was expected . Water restrictions were also continuing in the Republic of Ireland , where local authorities in many areas had to limit supply because of burst pipes after the freeze .	799 customers remain without water , state-funded company says Northern Ireland Water has drawn criticism for its handling of the crisis More disruptions expected Sunday night as reservoirs are filled
Washington  CNN  -- It was a one-minute spot that aired just one time , but with an ominous countdown and a mushroom cloud , Lyndon B. Johnson 's "  Daisy " ad marked a new era in American politics . Considered the first attack ad , the Daisy spot , which turned 50 on Sunday , features a little girl sweetly plucking petals from a flower as she counts her small collection out loud . The screen freezes and suddenly we hear an alarming voice sound off a different countdown , this time it 's one that leads to a nuclear explosion . Without mentioning Johnson 's opponent or showing his image , the ad implies that Republican Barry Goldwater is a reckless warmonger whose presidency would result in a nuclear holocaust . Drew Babb , an advertising creative director who also teaches political ads at American University , said the spot mastered the cardinal rule of advertising : get noticed . It engaged viewers as political ads had never done before . "  It was an incredibly overt production , but it asked and dared people to bring their own reading to it , " he told CNN . In one sense , he added , the spot is simple . It asked viewers to look at the girl , look at the bomb and vote for President Johnson . "  Those are the three dots to connect , but in the middle of those dots , there 's a man who might be trigger happy , " he said . "  It was both overt and subtle at the time , which was really hard to do in a 60-second spot . " The commercial , created by the advertising giant Doyle Dane Bernbach , ran on September 7 , 1964 , during an NBC broadcast of "  Monday Night at the Movies . " Babb said the spot played off the widespread fear at the time of nuclear warfare ; the Cuban Missile Crisis happened just under two years prior . "  It scared the hell out of me when I saw it and it still does . As a callow young copywriter , I loved its bravura and slash-and-burn strategy . As a creative director and college professor , it gives me pause , " he said . "  But it still makes me gasp every time I see it . " The Daisy ad set the stage for 50 more years of political ads . In his own words , Babb takes a look at five other spots that top his list of the most compelling ads : 1  "  Mistakes " -- 1969 -- Re-elect campaign for John Lindsay , mayor of New York City -- Produced by creative personnel at Young & Rubicam . Copy written by Tony Isidore . Why I admire it : Lindsay disarms us by actually admitting mistakes as mayor . Other than Jerry Springer running for governor of Ohio and apologizing for that pesky little canceled check at an escort service , when did you ever see that happen ? The takeaway is strong : "  Yeah I 've screwed up , but I 've done good things and deserve re-election . " Strong , simple , elegant filming . One take ; no teleprompter . Lindsay is in shirtsleeves , something that was n't done all that much . He gives a stunning delivery . He was reportedly 17 points down in the election before this spot ran . He won . 2  "  Morning in America " -- 1984 -- Re-elect campaign for Ronald Reagan -- Key creative personnel : Phil Dusenberry and Hal Riney ; Riney did the voiceover . Why I admire it : Rarely has a political commercial captured the essence of a candidate as "  Morning " did . Warm , upbeat , positively aw-shucks . The soft , gauzy images of a wedding , firemen , veterans , kids and American flags would not be out of place in one of the great Hallmark spots . And Hal Riney 's voiceover is spot-on . He asks , "  Why would we ever go back ? " Hard to come up with an answer to that one . 3  "  Dinner Table " -- 2012 -- Americans for Prosperity  super PAC Why I admire it : When everybody zigs by screaming and attacking and flashing cheesy quotes and graphics , you zag by whispering . That 's what this commercial does . A family around a table . Mom , dad , two kids . Nobody says a word . They pick at their food . A few glances are exchanged . All you hear is a little fall of rain and the flatware clinking against the plates . No music , no voiceover , no nothing . A title comes up and reminds us how bad the employment rate is . Take away : These people are hungry and sad because of Obama 's poor economic policy . A powerful spot for its silence . 4  "  47 % " -- 2012 -- Obama for America -- Putnam and Partners Why I admire it : There were a number of strong spots , on both sides , in 2012 . Some of the best were in the GOP primary before Mitt Romney was nominated . Rick Santorum ran two memorable spots "  Rombo " and "  Obamaville . " But this spot aced them all . It takes Romney 's embarrassingly smug words to a group of fat-cat donors and morphed them into suicidal missiles . When Putnam adds Dorothea Lange-quality portraits of the people Romney was dismissing , it 's a devastatingly clear : He does n't care about you , why should you care about him ? 5  "  Spelling Bee " -- 2014 -- American Crossroads  super PAC Why I admire it : This ad attacks Sen. Mark Pryor , D-Arkansas , for being closely attached to the Obama agenda , especially health care . It 's a wonderfully produced snarky message . The filming , lighting , casting and set are all A + and the double whammy at the end  the little girl spells Pryor "  O-B-A-M-A " and the three adult judges respond , in a chorus , "  Close enough ! "  is unforgettable . I would n't be surprised to see American Crossroads "  franchise " this spot and adapt it for any state where they can Crazy Glue the Democrat to Obama .	The "  Daisy " spot by Lyndon B. Johnson 's campaign aired 50 years ago It 's widely considered the first political attack ad Drew Babb , an advertising creative director , says the ad mastered overt and subtle tones Babb shares five other ads he considers masterpieces
CNN  -- Captain Graeme Smith ground out a potentially match-winning century to put South Africa on top in the third cricket Test against England at Newlands on Tuesday . The left-hander was unbeaten on 162 at stumps on the third day , having added a record 230 for the second wicket with Hashim Amla  95  as the home side reached 312-2 in Cape Town 's intense heat . England struggled from the outset , losing two wickets in the day 's opening over and added just 32 runs to their overnight total of 241-7 . That gave the Proteas a first-innings lead of 18 runs , and it looked like the home side might also find batting difficult when makeshift opener Ashwell Prince continued his miserable series , falling leg before wicket to spinner Graeme Swann for 15 . But Smith and Amla set about the English attack , who gained no profit from a controversial incident when seamer Chris Broad stood on the ball with his studded boots before lunch when it was still relatively new . Smith survived a series of close calls and decision referrals as the duo set a new Test highest mark for the second wicket at the venue . The opener thought he was out soon after reaching his 19th century in the five-day format , but England wicketkeeper Matt Prior admitted that the edge off seamer Graham Onions had not carried . Amla finally fell to a bat-pad catch by Alistair Cook off Swann , falling five runs short of his eighth Test ton as he hit 14 boundaries off 156 deliveries . First-innings centurion Jacques Kallis was unbeaten on 20 at stumps , with Smith having plundered 22 boundaries in his 243 balls at the crease . Earlier , Morne Morkel  5-75  took two wickets in two balls to put England on the back foot , with Swann caught at slip by Smith for five from a fierce rising delivery and James Anderson following in identical fashion . Prior , who was 52 overnight , hit out to get England close to parity before dragging a short ball from Dale Steyn  4-74  onto his wicket to be last out for 76 . England coach Andy Flower said Wednesday 's morning session would prove vital for his side , who lead 1-0 after winning the second Test . "  We have got to attack with the new ball . We have seen wickets fall early on all the days so far . We have definitely got to attack early , " the former Zimbabwe international player said . "  The first two days produced very difficult batting conditions , today was easier . We do n't know what sort of conditions are going to arrive tomorrow . If it plays as easy as it has today , we have got a chance . "	South Africa captain Graeme Smith scores potentially match-winning unbeaten 162 Hosts reach 312-2 at stumps on third day of third Test against England at Newlands Smith adds 230 for second wicket with Hashim Amla  95  , a record for the Cape Town venue England were earlier bowled out for 273 , a first-innings deficit of 18 runs
CNN  -- The death toll in the flooding across Pakistan is now 58 , the National Disaster Management Authority said Monday . Flash floods from torrential rains over the past three days have killed 15 people and displaced more than 20,000 others in Pakistan 's Balochistan province , Abdul Katif Kakar , the director of planning for the Provincial Disaster Management Authority , said Monday . At a news conference in Quetta , Kakar said that in Balochistan , the flooding and rain killed six people in Khuzdar district , four in Turbat and five in Lasbella . He said two people were missing in Lasbella district , feared to have been swept away by flood waters . Monsoon rains and flash flooding continue to bring misery to people living in Khuzdar , Jhal Magsi and Loralai districts . The disaster agency says nine districts across Balochistan are heavily affected by floods . It says more than two dozen mud-walled houses have collapsed from flooding in the Nawan Killi area of Quetta , the capital of Balochistan . In Jhal Magsi , one of the worst-affected areas , 27 villages have been overwhelmed , forcing thousands of people to flee to shelter on higher ground in deserted mountainous areas . Kakar says the Pakistan army is helping people affected by the floods . "  The army has stepped in to provide assistance to people in Jhal Magsi . Two army helicopters are bringing relief goods to the areas . Tents have been dispatched to people in need to the Nawan Killi areas of Quetta , " he said . And in Pakistan 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , flood waters have receded , and people are cleaning up mud and debris and assessing damage to their properties and businesses . Since the weekend , disaster management agency officials say at least 17 people have died in flash flooding across the province . Flood waters are receding in Karachi , Pakistan 's largest city , where eight people were reported killed . A security official who did n't want to be named told CNN : "  In most parts of the city affected by the flooding , Shah Town , Saddar Town and Defence , the flooding is now under control . This is not a large-scale problem ; the authorities in Karachi are handling things well with minimum input from the Pakistan army . " Additional deaths were reported in Punjab , Fata and Azad Jammu Kashmir provinces .	Deaths also reported in Punjab , Fata and Azad Jammu Kashmir provinces Official says 15 people dead , more than 20,000 displaced in Balochistan province Disaster agency says at least 17 died in flash flooding in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province Flood waters are receding in Karachi , where eight people were reported killed
London , England  CNN  -- If the Omani royal family had its way , the entire world would recognize the country 's ancient scent , frankincense -- so highly prized the Magi brought it to celebrate the birth of Jesus . The Omani royal family 's perfumer , House of Amouage , is one of the world 's luxury perfume brands . And it 's on a serious expansion streak , despite the worldwide recession . The luxury perfumer was founded 25 years ago at the request of Sultan Qaboos bin Said , Oman 's head of state , as a way to both preserve the sultanate 's biblical perfume-making traditions and provide gifts for visiting world leaders . Now , it 's looking to infiltrate the European -- and eventually the U.S. -- markets with its own named stores selling an unique , expensive brand of perfume , and other luxury goods , for the body and the home . Two new stores are planned for 2010 -- one in Dubai and one in London . The Dubai store , scheduled to open at the end of March , will be the first outside Oman . The London store , scheduled to open in May , will be the first outside the Gulf . "  This is the first part of our strategy to open mono-brand stores in key opinion-forming cities throughout Europe and the States , " David Crickmore , the company 's CEO , told CNN in an interview from his office in Oman . "  We believe that selling our ever-growing catalogue of products within their true environment gives the best explanation of the brand . " The perfumer 's flagship store in Oman , opened in 2008 , is a contemporary rendition of an Omani-style house , complete with Arabic touches . The London store , scheduled to open in May in the capital 's upscale Knightsbridge neighborhood , will recreate a London townhouse , Crickmore said . The company already sells its perfumes wholesale through several upmarket department stores in Europe , Russia , the U.S. and Asia . Besides opening new branded stores , the company has also been busy expanding its product range , moving into both a bath-and-body line , perfumed essential oils and Italian hand-made leather goods . It also recently re-packaged its line , stressing the company 's royal connection . The bottle caps for perfumes Jubilation 25 for women and Jubilation XXV for men , fragrances introduced to coincide with Amouage 's 25th anniversary , resemble the dome of the Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque in Muscat and a ceremonial dagger . The company 's logo , on the front of the perfume bottles , is also reminiscent of the royal seal . "  We like to remind people we 're a royal brand , " Crickmore said . When the company was founded , it started with a flourish , according to Luca Turin , a leading perfume critic and co-author of the book "  Perfumes : The Guide . " The royal family first commissioned a leading French perfumer to create one of the greatest fragrances money could buy . "  That kind of stuff only happens to a perfumer once or twice in a lifetime , " said Turin . "  The money , the artistic freedom , no focus groups , nobody breathing down your neck . The whole thing was done with just greatness in mind . Utterly amazing . And the fragrance he came up with , Gold , is one of the greats of all time . " In the 1990s , though , the company lost its way , Turin said , introducing a host of fragrances with no clear artistic direction . Four years ago , Amouage hired Briton David Crickmore , a 29-year veteran of the luxury goods industry , to kick-start its image -- and grow the brand internationally . "  The aspiration of the family who owns it , members of the royal family , was to increase its international spread . They wanted an international brand that happens to be based in Oman , not an Omani brand selling internationally . " "  When I was brought in , it was predominantly a Gulf-oriented brand , " Crickmore said . "  They felt that a fairly major change was required . " Crickmore hired Christopher Chong as creative director , a move perfume critic Turin said was critical to the company 's newfound success . "  Art direction in fragrance is under-estimated , " said Turin . "  A perfume is a message in a bottle . It 's not a smell . It 's an impression , an idea . Great fragrances are usually made by a perfumer , and an art director , who says , ' I want it to be like this . ' " Crickmore said the recession has n't hit the luxury company , which sells a 50 ml bottle of perfume for $ 230 , as hard as one would think . "  It put our plans back a year basically , " he said . "  I wanted to open the stores in Dubai and London last year . Instead , we 're doing it this year . " Asked if it was hard to compete in this era of celebrity fragrances , where every well-known face seems to be trotting out their own line of perfume , Crickmore replied : "  What sets us apart is longevity . Celebrity perfumes are here today , gone tomorrow , often made from cheap , in-the-lab ingredients . " "  We search for the finest possible ingredients , the rarest ingredients , " he said . "  We just want the best , without worrying about the cost . "	House of Amouage , luxury perfume brand , on expansion streak Luxury perfume company owned by Omani royal family Opening two new stores this year -- in Dubai and London Company expanding into new product lines
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has a smile on his face again , and it is all to do with a new love in his life -- golf . After reams of column inches devoted to his split with fiancÃ © e Caroline Wozniacki , the two-time major champion has decided to go back to basics in order to fill the void . As he heads for the third major of the year -- The British Open in Liverpool that begins Thursday -- he 's been busy stalking the links courses of his native Northern Ireland and rekindling his passion for the game . "  I 've sort of fallen in love with golf again , " the current world No. 8 told CNN 's Living Golf show . "  I 'm a golfer first and foremost and the last month or so I 've really buried my head in my golf game . "  Golf is my first passion and my first love and it 's great to be able to spend days playing and remember where you started again , remembering those rounds at Holywood Golf Club , " he added referring to his local club in Northern Ireland . "  Just remembering the love and the joy you have for the game . I feel like I 've found that out these last few weeks . " The 25-year-old 's decision to call off his planned wedding to Danish tennis star Wozniacki predictably sparked a maelstrom in the press . Two high profile sporting stars , known the world over , ending their engagement just days after wedding invitations had been issued became headline news . A bereft looking McIlroy fronted up at Wentworth ahead of the BMW PGA Championship in May merely hours after the news broke , and promptly won the European Tour 's flagship event . That triumph represented his first big win on European soil , his other victories on the Tour coming either in the Middle East or Asia . The 2011 U.S. Open and 2012 U.S. PGA champion spoke of the "  sanctuary " the course offered away from all the questions about his state of mind and emotional well-being . And a large chunk of his time since has been spent honing his game on the links courses of his homeland in preparation for his assault on another prestigious crown -- The British Open . Despite being brought up on courses similar to the one he 'll try to tame at Royal Liverpool in the 143rd incarnation of golf 's oldest major , McIlroy has struggled to make an impression since 2010 . But that is something he is determined to change this time around . "  I feel like my record in the British Open has n't been great , " he explained . "  It 's important to prepare to play links golf , to know the course as much as you can . "  I finished third at St Andrew 's in 2010 but apart from that I have n't done much . I want to really put all I can into it and try and compete this year . "  I do n't want to curse my luck but it was incredibly windy on the Friday afternoon  at St Andrew 's , where McIlroy followed up his opening round of 63 with a second round 80  . "  It was my first time leading a major after the first round and I did n't really handle it that well but I came back well and at the weekend I shot a couple of rounds in the 60s . As well as Holywood Golf Club , McIlroy has spent time honing his game at Royal County Down and Royal Portrush in Northern Ireland . "  I 've been getting as much practice around the greens because that 's where you have a lot of variety and play shots you normally do n't play on tour , " he said . "  Ireland and Northern Ireland have some of the best links courses in the world so to not take advantage of that would be a shame . " After that third place finish in 2010 , McIlroy 's form at The British Open has lurched ever further backwards . He finished 25th at Royal St George 's in 2011 , as compatriot Darren Clarke lifted the Claret Jug , then 60th at Royal Lytham the following year . Last time out , at Muirfield in Scotland , McIlroy endured a miserable start , shooting 79 on the opening day and describing himself as "  brain dead " in a typically frank press conference immediately after . It was one of the low points in a slump that saw him relinquish the world No. 1 ranking and fend off persistent questions as to whether his equipment deal with Nike had disrupted his game . And though he missed the cut after a round of 75 on the second day , he took some valuable lessons from his playing partner on the opening two days , and eventual winner , Phil Mickelson . "  I played with Phil Mickelson for two rounds at Muirfield last year and I was really impressed with the way he controlled his ball flight , " McIlroy said . "  He was bouncing balls into the green , getting the ball on the ground as soon as possible and I feel that 's something I need to do more of . "  Back when I was an amateur I was used to playing links golf much more so you are much more comfortable playing those shots . "  Now as a pro most weeks you 're playing everything through the air and trying to adapt your game for these two weeks a year . "  That 's why I 'm going to try and practice those shots so when the time comes I 'm comfortable with them . " McIlroy does have some memories of the course at Hoylake , having played there as a teenager , but they ca n't be classed as fond ones . "  I actually played at Hoylake in 2003 in the British boys as a 14-year-old and got beaten in the first round , " he said . "  That was the first and last time I have played the course . It 's quite a flat golf course . I like the bunkering -- the faces look at you off the tee so you have a good visualization and good definition of where you need to hit the ball round there . "  I remember watching The Open in 2006 and how hot and burnt it was , Tiger  Woods  taking an iron off every tee and going on to win . "  I 'm looking forward to seeing it again . I think it 's a course from what I remember should set up pretty well for me depending on the conditions . " As he rekindles his love for golf , another important relationship in McIlroy 's personal life has also deepened . He and Jack Nicklaus -- the greatest golfer of all time with 18 majors to his name -- are neighbors in Florida , and McIlroy is a member at the 74-year-old 's Bear 's Club . And that means McIlroy has the ear of one of the most important opinions in the game . "  Jack has always been so generous with his time , we 've formed quite a nice friendship over the last few years , " he explained . "  Being a member of his club in Palm Beach we 've talked a lot . Most of the time it 's about golf and how to handle certain situations . The  most recent  meeting was how he manages his time . "  All the things he had to manage on the course and still dedicate himself to his game . Finding a balance in life in a way . "  It 's always nice to spend some time with him , if nothing else it inspires you to go out and be better , practice and be a better player . "  I think he gets me and I do too . A lot of the things he says really make sense . "	Rory McIlroy says he has fallen in love with golf again in recent months Two-time major winner recently split from fiancee Caroline Wozniacki Northern Irishman has been preparing for The British Open in Liverpool McIlroy hoping to improve on his third place finish at St Andrew 's in 2010
CNN  -- Dear Girls of the World , My own schooling taught me that the opportunity to learn is a gift , and the guidance of a good teacher is life-changing . It is important as a girl to learn how to earn your own living , stand up for your own point of view and share your skills and experiences with others . As the great African proverb goes , you must lift as you climb . In school , I learned that reading , writing and numeracy are powerful tools for life , but so too are stories : stories about our own histories and our culture ; stories we can tell , draw , write and perform . How we see ourselves becomes who we are -- so we must see ourselves as tall and strong and kind , and connected to others . Being safe is a prerequisite for learning . If girls are not safe when they walk to school , attend school and as they return home , everything is taken away . We must all fight for our sisters to be safe from violence of any kind , so that they are free to learn , grow and flourish . Learning with and about boys is important -- we all live together in our world . Despite the heightened focus on girls , it 's important not to forget to teach boys that their own learning and the learning of their sisters are equally valuable . We have , among ourselves , the power to change the lives of everyone . Each of us must use our voice through whatever networks we have to spread the news that educating girls will transform the world . We must talk to our neighbors , tell our friends , share our tweets and blogs , and create a great noise so that no leader , no education official and no head teacher or principal can avoid hearing the message : that every child -- which means every single girl -- deserves to go to school and learn . -- Sarah Brown Read more open letters Open letter from Christiane Amanpour : It 's time to power the world Open letter from Queen Rania of Jordan : More than tiaras and cupcakes More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " How to help | Take action with 10x10	Sarah Brown writes an open letter to girls of the world
COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- South Carolina Republican Party Chairwoman Karen Floyd seemed to suggest Wednesday that the time had come for GOP Gov. Mark Sanford to consider resigning from office . Gov. Mark Sanford has said it 's better for him to keep his governorship to "  learn lessons . " "  For the past two days , I have been speaking with Republican leaders across South Carolina , " she said in a statement . "  There is clearly a growing view that the time may have come for Governor Sanford to remove himself and his family from the limelight , so that he can devote his efforts full-time to repairing the damage in his personal life . " The statement comes on the same day as a growing number of GOP state senators called for Sanford to step down . CNN has learned that GOP Sens. Daniel Verdin , Shane Martin , Ronnie Cromer and Wes Hayes joined the anti-Sanford chorus Wednesday morning , bringing the total number of Republican senators calling for the governor 's resignation to 13 . There are 27 Republicans in the state Senate . Another state senator stopped just short of calling for Sanford to step down Wednesday . Glenn McConnell , Senate president pro tempore , did n't explicitly ask Sanford to resign , but he did ask him "  to do the right thing for himself , his family and our state . " Sanford and his staff have said repeatedly this week that he will not resign . He wrote in a message to his political action committee e-mail list Monday that while he considered resigning , "  I would ultimately be a better person and of more service in whatever doors God opened next in life if I stuck around to learn lessons rather than running and hiding down at the farm . " After returning last week from a secret trip to Argentina that his staff and wife did n't know about , Sanford admitted to an extramarital affair with a woman identified as Maria Belen Chapur . Sanford also told The Associated Press on Tuesday that he 's "  crossed lines " with other women , although Chapur was the only one he had sex with . Watch a report on Sanford 's situation " Sanford 's support among legislators and grassroots leaders in the state eroded considerably Tuesday after Sanford told The Associated Press he had met with his mistress more times than he had previously disclosed . He also admitted to dalliances with other women . At least four county GOP chairmen have also called for Sanford to go . Glenn McCall , the York County Republican Party chairman who has been leading a grassroots effort against the governor , said Wednesday that he and other conservative activists are postponing a rally at the State House next week because legislators are starting to come out strongly against Sanford . The rally had been scheduled to pressure Senate and House leaders to call for Sanford 's resignation and start an investigation into his activities . But now that officials are publicly coming out against the governor and Attorney General Henry McMaster has begun investigating Sanford 's travel records , McCall said the rally may not be necessary . "  We are hoping that legislators can quietly , in private talks with the governor , ask him if he would please step down , " McCall said . A top South Carolina Democrat also called for Sanford 's resignation Wednesday . "  While I believe an investigation should still be done to determine the full extent of Mark Sanford 's abuse of power , -LSB- through -RSB- his long stream of confessions he has already revealed enough immoral and reprehensible behavior to justify asking him to step -LSB- down -RSB- , " state Democratic Party Chairwoman Carol Fowler said in a statement . "  State officials seem unable to do anything except worry and talk about Governor Sanford 's extramarital affair , which we learn more about every few hours . " ... South Carolina ca n't afford to be at a standstill for the next 18 months with a governor who ignores his job responsibilities while pursuing personal interests , " the statement said . "  Any other worker in South Carolina would be fired for not showing up at work with no notice . " Late Tuesday , seven GOP senators , including Majority Leader Harvey Peeler , jointly issued a letter demanding that the governor step down because he has lost the trust of South Carolinians . "  The bottom line is that the Governor 's private matters should remain private , but his deception and negligence make it impossible for us to trust him , and for him to govern in the future , " they wrote . Peeler told CNN that Sanford "  has lost his ability to lead , and I 'm afraid he has lost his ability to function as a man . " "  He is sitting all alone in that big governor 's mansion , totally alone , " Peeler said . "  It 's about leadership and moving forward and it 's time for him to resign . " Peeler issued the statement along with Sens. Hugh Leatherman , Paul Campbell , Thomas Alexander , Jake Knotts , Larry Martin and William O'Dell . Earlier Tuesday , two of Sanford 's top conservative allies in the senate -- Larry Grooms and Kevin Bryant -- also said Sanford must go . The Greenville News , one of the largest papers in South Carolina , also issued a sharply worded editorial Wednesday telling Sanford to go . It wrote that Sanford has "  acted like a heart-sick school boy , and he 's revealed facts that clearly demonstrate he is capable of exceptional deception , arrogance and narcissism . " The State , of Columbia , South Carolina 's largest paper , editorialized earlier that he should remain in office . Watch a reporter from The State comment on the situation " The attorney general of South Carolina asked the State Law Enforcement Division to review Sanford 's travel records after the governor admitted Tuesday to more visits with his mistress than previously disclosed . The review by law enforcement officials would be the first formal investigation into whether Sanford abused his power while carrying on his affair . State Law Enforcement Division Chief Reggie Lloyd said he would not characterize the review as a criminal investigation . He told reporters on a conference call that law enforcement officials are reviewing documents from the governor 's office going back to 2003 , when Sanford came to power . He said the review should be concluded by the end of the week . Attorney General Henry McMaster , a Republican , had been reluctant to move forward with calls for an investigation into Sanford , saying he is wary of mixing legal matters with political score-settling from longtime Sanford opponents . However , an aide to McMaster told CNN on Tuesday that "  that all changed this morning when the governor disclosed additional trips that were not disclosed last week . " Sanford said in a statement Tuesday that he 's "  pleased that -LSB- the State Law Enforcement Division -RSB- will look into this matter . " "  There 's been a lot of speculation and innuendo on whether or not public moneys were used to advance my admitted unfaithfulness . To be very clear : no public money was ever used in connection with this . "	GOP chairwoman suggests Sanford may have to step down 13 of South Carolina 's 27 GOP state senators now calling on Sanford to resign South Carolina Democratic Party chairwoman calls for Sanford 's resignation County GOP Party chair cancels anti-Sanford rally , says it may not be needed
The airline industry has seen fewer travelers take to the skies in the wake of the global financial downturn and rising fuel costs . The knock-on result is that flight operators too , have had to cut costs . In some cases that meant reducing routes or removing the additional amenities like the airline goodie bags of socks , toothpaste and eye masks . But one thing that has n't changed is the care and attention paid to the fine wines and champagnes available on board . According to wine connoisseurs and airline experts , the aviation world purchases several million gallons of wine annually and with many operators providing the finest vintages on offer , airline budgets can go into millions of dollars . Read more : Happy snapping food critics take to the skies But it is a tricky situation as at high altitudes the human taste palette changes , and so the sommeliers of the skies must combat this disparity while offering delicious wine for the travelers to savor . Robert Joseph , the editor-at-large of Meininger 's Wine Business International tells CNN : "  What happens at altitude is that the product does n't change , it 's the way you perceive it that changes . Within your body you perceive less of the fruit that is in a wine and more of the acidity and more of the tannins , the hard texture , you 'll get in red wines . "  Ironically , some of the finest wines in the world , some of the finest Bordeauxs , actually do n't taste good at altitude , " he says . "  Some sweeter wines from say Chile or California which are fruitier but softer to drink , merlot , pinot noir wines are often more fun to drink than cabernet sauvignon wines in the air . " Joseph also points out the act of air travel , which can often leave a traveler dehydrated and in a state of some tension , can also have an effect on the taste of a glass of wine for a passenger . Doug Frost is the master sommelier for the world 's largest airline , United , which serves seven million bottles each year . He is charged with the mammoth task of finding wines with a rich bouquet and unique palette , while also providing passengers with a vibrant array of choices . "  We 're not certain why things change but what we can say is that ... we need to pick wines that ramp up the intensity , that ramp up the character and flavors . " Passengers are given the choice of a champagne , two reds and two whites , but give little consideration as to how or why that particular wine was chosen by the airline during planning stages , which see wine choices made often months or even a year in advance . Read more : ` Hidden ' airline charges -- Dirty tricks or customer choice ? Frost says : "  My focus is very much about whether the wine is stable -- so that I know the fruit and character of that wine is going to be the same in three to six months because it may be that long before we board it . "  I also need to know that the fruit is so forward that the wine is expressive , that the wine has so much to say that at 35,000 feet I can still smell it , " he adds . Frost meets with the rest of his team once a year and they go through the wine options provided for tender and pick 75 blends for the following year . If a wine can pass the altitude taste test and make it on board , the producing vineyard has a great opportunity to broaden its market . Certainly for the first class cabin or business class , Frost says : " -LSB- Winemakers -RSB- see that as a really sexy place to be -- as a place they want their label to be seen . " An airline 's selection often reflects the national and regional preferences of their passengers . With United , Frost chooses a variety of new and old world wines . Read more : Beating the stress of business travel "  If you like wines across the board , new world wines tend to have brighter fruits , jammier fruits , so they 're going to show a little better than older world wines . -LSB- But -RSB- that 's painting with a very broad brush . " Other flight operators pride themselves on taking the opportunity to showcase their national range of wines . For example , Qantas say they invest over $ 25 million dollars in the Australian wine industry annually through their Qantas wine program . The program has a panel of wine judges and winemakers who choose a diverse selection of 250 specially chosen local wines . Alison Webster , Qantas executive manager customer experience says : "  We pride ourselves on developing a selection of wines , from the latest wines made by boutique winemakers to the iconic drops that form the very base of Australia 's great winemaking legacy . " And it seems this national focus has paid off for the airline , who earlier this year , won six accolades at the Cellar In The Sky Awards , a 27-year-old internationally-recognized competition that focuses on naming the airlines with the best wines annually . Joseph says that for countries like Australia , who have strong wine production industries , showcasing a national wine selection is not unusual . "  You could argue that for airlines like Qantas , that 's not so difficult . Air France ... you could argue that they would find it easy . The Turkish airline for example , there are some very good Turkish wines but you 've got a smaller range to choose from , " he says . "  There is a question of how open is the tender ? The ideal is obviously an airline with deep pockets that is prepared to buy wine from a broad range of countries and is aware of what you need to have to be serving wine in the air . "	Airlines might be cutting costs but not when it comes to their annual wine budget Wines must be carefully chosen for consumption at altitude as human palette changes Doug Frost , United Airlines master sommelier , tells CNN how he makes his picks
As Kenya 's leading psychiatrist , Frank Njenga has been championing the cause of better mental health care on the east African country and the continent for more than three decades . He 's been working tirelessly to bring quality mental health care in a country where mentally disabled people receive little help from the state and face massive stigma from society . "  It 's a horrible indictment on what we 've done but the truth and reality is that very little has been done systematically and deliberately by government or by ourselves to bring up the level of mental health in this part of the world , " says Njenga . In Kenya , an estimated three million , mostly poor , people live with intellectual and mental disabilities , according to NGO and United Nations figures . At the same time , the ratio of psychiatrists to the population is dismal -- just one psychiatrist to half a million people . See also : Kenya 's mentally ill locked up and forgotten But Njenga , who is president of the African Association of Psychiatrists , says the problem is even worse in other countries on the continent . "  It is a major challenge but it is a challenge that is very sadly is spread across the whole of the Africa continent , " he says Njenga . "  In fact , Kenya is ironically behind South Africa and perhaps Egypt in the ratios of psychiatrists that are available per population . There are countries in Africa where there is no single psychiatrist to five-six million people . " This has motivated Njenga to dedicate his life helping mental health patients and raising awareness in a continent where mental disorders are often neglected and described as "  un-African " and belonging to "  people in the West . " Njenga , however , discards such claims as "  clear nonsense . " "  For as long as you are a self-confessed human being you will continue to suffer human conditions of which mental disorders are an integral part , " he says . Read also : Namibia 's ` miracle doctor ' brings gift of sight Njenga describes Africa as "  truly the traumatized continent " that 's been plagued by wars , human suffering and lethal dictatorships . "  Whether you are looking at Rwanda or southern Sudan or Sierra Leone or DRC , the number of women and children and adults who have suffered severe trauma is greater than any other continent that I can think of . " He underlines the link between good mental health and productivity and calls policy makers to make mental health services a priority in order to help their countries escape poverty . "  There is no health without mental health and there is no economy , " says Njenga . "  We are losing far too many men and women to mental illness and therefore to un-productivity by not treating them for mental illness . " Born in Kenya , Njenga was inspired as a teenager by the work of psychiatrist Frantz Fanon , writer of "  Wretched of the Earth , " a seminal book that explores identity and the post-colonial experience . From then on , Njenga was convinced he wanted to be a psychiatrist . He went on to study psychology throughout medical school in Kenya before moving to the UK for his post-graduate studies at the Maudsley Hospital -- the world 's oldest psychiatric hospital . At the end of this studies , however , Njenga chose not to pursue a career in the UK but to return to his home country , committed to promoting the cause of better mental health in the continent . "  I went to the UK to come back and to come back as a psychiatrist and to make a difference in my homeland and in my continent . That is the reason I left Kenya and that is the reason I came back , " he says . Read also : The Africans giving aid to the world On his return to Kenya , Njenga embarked on a mission to reduce the social stigma that is attached to going to a psychiatrist or seeing a mental health professional . In a ground-breaking weekly show called "  Frankly Speaking , " Njenga spoke with his patients on television , putting the spotlight on tough issues such as schizophrenia and substance abuse -- taboo topics that were usually kept out of public sight . "  I felt powerful and relaxed I felt at last here I was able to tell it exactly as it was , " he says . "  Of all the things I have done in this society and community it is the program on television -- Frankly Speaking -- because I spoke frankly as my name is and my patients spoke very frankly indeed . " In his commitment to providing top-notch mental health care , Njenga also helped build a private in-patient psychiatric hospital , the first of its kind in Kenya . He 's also authored several children 's books in a bid to build better understanding of mental illness and advocated for an insurance cover for mental health patients as chairman of the largest insurance company in Kenya . Through awareness and affordable treatment , Njenga has changed how many people in Kenya think about mental health . "  Today the discussion of mental health issues on this continent is focused and is positive -- about that I feel proud and privileged , " he says .	Top psychiatrist Frank Njenga has changed how many Kenyans think about mental health issues Njenga helped build the first private in-patient psychiatric hospital in Kenya He 's also created a television talk show in an effort to build better understanding
After more than seven weeks of heavy fighting , Israel and Hamas announced a ceasefire Tuesday . And unlike the other ceasefires announced in recent weeks , this one has no expiration date . The truce does not deal with core long-term issues on both sides . But Israel agreed to ease the blockade on Gaza , open border crossings for more aid to pass through and extend the fishing limit off the coast to 6 miles , according to a senior Egyptian government official . Both sides agreed to return to Cairo for further talks , the official said . Hamas -- as it has after every battle with Israel -- declared it a victory . But Israel said that Hamas finally accepted the offer that it had rejected repeatedly . "  We hope that this time , the ceasefire will stick , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said . "  And I think now , as the dust will begin to clear , many people will be asking : Why is it that today Hamas accepted the very same Egyptian framework that it rejected a month ago ? "  Ultimately , so much bloodshed could have been avoided , " he added . Early in the conflict , Israel openly accepted Egypt 's ceasefire proposal and slammed Hamas for not doing so . Analysts saw Egypt 's offers as one of many signs that the fighting was a proxy war for the broader Middle East , with key powers such as Cairo supporting Israel 's fight against Hamas . In Gaza , cheers and celebratory gunfire erupted Tuesday . It 's "  a day of the victories for our people , " spokesman Fawhi Barhoum declared before a cheering , screaming crowd . He praised the "  steadfastness and resistance " in Gaza . "  The occupiers have tried to break them ... but the delegation spoke with one voice , " Barhoum said of the negotiations . Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , who is not part of Hamas and lives in the West Bank , thanked "  Egypt and everyone who supported all the efforts that resulted in this agreement to end the aggression . " "  Together , we will rebuild our free country , " he added . Abbas is with the Palestinian faction Fatah , the longtime rival of Hamas , which has run the government in the West Bank . The two factions have battled and kidnapped each other 's militants in the past but also repeatedly announced plans for a unity government , including one this year . The ceasefire went into effect at 7 p.m.  noon ET  . "  In the end , Israel had two alternatives : either to occupy Gaza and destroy Hamas or to go to a ceasefire , " a senior Israeli official said on condition of anonymity . "  Once we decided not to occupy Gaza , we pushed for the same conditions that led to the end of hostilities in 2012 . " He said that he was "  not confident " the ceasefire would last but that if Hamas wants it to hold , it will . Israel has said its military actions destroyed dozens of tunnels used by Palestinian militants to smuggle weapons used to attack Israeli civilians . One airstrike last week killed three high-ranking Hamas militants . Hamas later killed 18 of its own , accusing them of being informants for Israel . As news of the possible deal broke Tuesday , a flurry of violence was reported . Warning sirens blared in southern Israel , indicating rocket attacks from Gaza . Israeli emergency services reported that one person was critically wounded and two others were seriously wounded . Separately , three Palestinians were killed in an Israeli airstrike in Rafah , south of Gaza City , according to Ashraf el-Qedra , spokesman for the Palestinian Ministry of Health . 50 days into Israeli operation U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry cheered news of the ceasefire Tuesday and called on all parties to comply with its terms . He also expressed some skepticism . "  We are approaching the next phase with our eyes wide open . We have been down this road before , and we are all aware of the challenges ahead . Both the Israelis and the Palestinians have strong views about their needs and the future of the region , " Kerry said in a statement . "  Getting there will not be easy , but it is the only path to a future that the people on both sides deserve , " it read . The ceasefire came on the 50th day of Israel 's Operation Protective Edge , aimed at stopping rocket attacks against Israeli civilians and weeding out the militants ' tunnels . More than 2,130 Palestinians have been killed in the conflict . It 's not clear how many were civilians . The United Nations estimates that more than 70 % were civilians , but Israel reports a higher number of militants among the dead . On Sunday , the Israel Defense Forces accused Hamas of routinely exaggerating civilian deaths "  for propaganda purposes . " Sixty-seven Israelis -- 64 of them soldiers -- have been killed , the United Nations reports . A foreign worker in Israel was killed as well . A 4-year-old boy became Israel 's latest civilian victim Friday when a mortar shell exploded in the parking lot of a kibbutz , Israeli rescue services said . On Monday night , Israel blasted a second residential tower in Gaza . The Health Ministry said 20 people were injured in the airstrike . The Israeli military said the building housed a Hamas "  command and control center . " Palestinians evacuated the building after warnings from Israel , the IDF said . Hamas acknowledges militants killed teens Israel 's operation followed the June abductions and killings of three Israeli teenagers who were on their way home from school in the West Bank . At the time , Israel blamed Hamas . On Friday , a Hamas official admitted that the act was carried out by Hamas militants . The official said the attackers did not tell their leaders . After the boys were buried , a Palestinian teen was killed . Israeli authorities arrested the suspects , saying it was believed to have been a revenge killing . Gaza 's zoo animals caught in crossfire of Israel-Hamas conflict "  Any peace effort that does not tackle the root causes of the crisis will do little more than set the stage for the next cycle of violence , " a spokesman for the U.N. secretary-general said Tuesday of the ceasefire . "  After 50 days of profound human suffering and devastating physical destruction , any violations of the ceasefire would be utterly irresponsible , " he said .	A senior Israeli official says he 's "  not confident " the ceasefire will hold U.N. spokesman says root causes of crisis must be addressed Israel says Hamas finally accepted framework it rejected ; Hamas declares victory Deal includes easing blockade , extending fishing limit , Egyptian official says
CNN  -- South Korea striker Lee Dong-Gook will go to the World Cup even though he may not be fit for his country 's opening game in South Africa . The 32-year-old missed Sunday 's 1-0 defeat by Belarus with a hamstring injury and will also sit out Thursday 's final warm-up match against Spain . But he was named in coach Huh Jung-Moo 's final 23-man squad with the hope of being ready to play in the republic 's second Group B game against Argentina on June 17 , five days after the opener against Greece . "  The team 's medical and physical training staff agreed that he would be able to play from the second game . He wo n't have any trouble playing in the second and third match , " Huh told the Yonhap news agency . Lee went to the 1998 World Cup as a 19-year-old , but missed out as South Korea co-hosted the 2002 event with Japan and was injured just before the 2006 finals in Germany . Blog : The World Cup 's missing men Huh dropped forward Lee Keun-ho and midfielders Shin Hyung-Min and Koo Ja-Cheol from his 26-man squad , while defender Kang Min-Soo was called in to replace the injured Kwak Tae-Hwi . Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-Sung is captain in a squad that contains plenty of experience , including 33-year-old fullback Lee Young-Pyo -- who in 2008 was the seventh South Korean to win 100 international caps . Veteran goalkeeper Lee Woon-Jae , 37 , will go to his fourth World Cup while 2002 goalscoring hero Ahn Jung-Hwan , 34 , will go to his third . Winger Seol Ki-Hyeon , who played at the 2002 and 2006 World Cups , missed out on the initial 30-man squad as he is still recovering from a knee injury . Japan midfielder Shunsuke Nakamura was named in coach Takeshi Okada 's 23-man squad despite missing Sunday 's 2-1 friendly defeat by England with an ankle injury . The 31-year-old former Celtic and Espanyol player will go to his second World Cup , having missed out at home in 2002 after suffering a knee injury in the second-to-last warm-up match . Blog : Who will be the World Cup 's best player ? Okada retained his four Europe-based players -- CSKA Moscow 's Keisuke Honda , Wolfsburg 's Makoto Hasebe , Daisuke Matsui of Grenoble and Catania 's Takayuki Morimoto -- while midfielder Junichi Inamoto was also picked following his return home from France this season . Veteran goalkeeper Yoshikatsu Kawaguchi also kept his place after being called into the preliminary squad for the first time in 18 months . Australia coach Pim Verbeek blamed Rhys Williams ' club boss after the young defender missed out on his final 23-man World Cup squad . Verbeek said the 21-year-old was not fit enough after playing through the season with painkilling injections to help a pelvic problem , despite the Dutchman having warned manager Gordon Strachan of English second division side Middlesbrough of the dangers . "  He 's not free to play and his recovery is not quick enough to make it . I 'm disappointed he will not be in the final 23 , " said Verbeek , who will stand down after the finals . Galatasaray 's Harry Kewell was picked despite his long-term groin problem , and is one of only three strikers alongside Josh Kennedy and Ukraine-born Nikita Rukavytsya . Young midfielder Tommy Oar was dropped along with Shane Lowry , James Holland and goalkeeper Eugene Galekovic . However , the five players who missed out have still traveled to South Africa as reserves in case of injuries . Become a CNN Super Fan : Why your country needs you ! North Korea coach Kim Jong-Hun named three overseas-based players in his 23-man squad . Forward Hong Yong-Jo of Russian club FC Rostov made the cut along with fellow striker Jong Tae-Se and midfielder Ahn Yong-Hak , who were born in Japan and play in the J-League . But fellow J-League star Ryang Yong-Gi and Kim Kuk-Jin of Swiss second-division side FC Wil were dropped from the preliminary squad as the Koreans go to the communist nation 's first World Cup in 44 years . New Zealand coach Ricki Herbert included uncapped duo Aaron Clapham and Winston Reid in his final 23-man squad . Defender Aaron Scott was the only one of the 18 players who helped the All Whites qualify for the second time to miss out , with Reid and recent debutant Tommy Smith , 20 , drafted in instead . Reid and Smith had previously played for Denmark and England at youth level . Defender David Mulligan was selected despite not playing at all last season for his Australian A-League club Wellington Phoenix , where he was also coached by Herbert .	Injured South Korea striker Lee Dong-Gook picked in 23-man squad for World Cup Japan midfielder Shunsuke Nakamura going to South Africa following ankle problem Young defender Rhys Williams among five players cut from Australia 's provisional squad North Korea coach Kim Jong-Hun names three overseas-based players in his 23-man squad
Violence wracked Yemen yet again Thursday -- this time in the form of dual car bomb attacks purportedly carried out by al Qaeda militants targeting fighters from the minority , albeit powerful , Houthi group . At least nine Houthi fighters died in the attacks on a strategic Houthi camp at the airport of western Yemen 's port city of Hodiedah , a local Interior Ministry official and medics told CNN . Medics expected the death toll to rise as some of about a dozen people injured in the attacks are in critical condition . The bloodshed speaks to the dangers and instability in the Arab nation , though this time not involving anyone with the Yemeni government . Instead , it is Houthis -- followers of a sect of Shia Islam in a country where Sunni Muslims are the majority -- who find themselves in the fight . Based largely in northern Yemen , members of the group also known as Ansarullah have been increasingly asserting themselves in the country . This included weeks of large anti-government protest in the capital , Sanaa , during which Houthi fighters attacked state TV headquarters and seized strategic military positions . Yemen in midst of an upheaval Scores died in resulting violence , and two Yemeni prime ministers resigned in two weeks before the powerful rebel group and representatives of major political parties signed a ceasefire in September . But even with that resolved , a Houthi adversary -- al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , a terror group whose members are Sunni Muslims -- remains . That group , also known as AQAP , claimed responsibility for Thursday 's attack on its Twitter account . 20 children among 31 killed in car bombings Thursday 's violence marked the latest of scores of clashes between Houthi and al Qaeda fighters . The Houthis have managed to defeat al Qaeda on numerous fronts , including taking the terror group 's stronghold of Radaa in October . Al Qaeda has stepped up its attacks on Houthi targets since then , killing hundreds of Houthis and innocent civilians in persistent attacks .	Dual car bombs target Houthi fighters in the Yemeni city of Hodiedah Medics and a Yemeni official say at least 9 Houthi fighters were killed , and the toll may rise Al Qaeda claims responsibility ; it has stepped up attacks on minority Houthis of late
An Israeli was stabbed Sunday near central Jerusalem , police said , the latest in a string of similar attacks . The 32-year-old was stabbed with a screwdriver , police said . Authorities are searching for the attacker , described as an Arab youth who fled in the direction of Damascus Gate , an entrance to Jerusalem 's Old City . The victim was taken to a hospital in moderate condition , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Last week , a 20-year-old was stabbed and killed in Tel Aviv , and three people were stabbed -- one fatally -- near the entrance to a settlement in the West Bank . The latter incident took place at the same hitchhiking spot where three Israeli teens were kidnapped earlier this year ; they were later killed . One alleged attacker was caught ; the other was shot by a security guard , police said . Israel has also recently been facing what some call an "  auto intifada " -- a spate of attacks on Jewish civilians in Jerusalem by Palestinians driving vehicles . The violence has stirred fears of another intifada , or armed uprising -- though analysts say there 's no sign yet that one is on the way . Meanwhile , an Israeli border policeman has been detained in Israel in connection with the May shooting death of a Palestinian teen . Palestinians are facing a fresh internal rift between the two major political factions : Fatah , which controls the West Bank , and Hamas , which controls Gaza . Fatah recently accused Hamas of bombing Fatah leaders ' homes .	A 32-year-old Israeli was stabbed with a screwdriver , police say Authorities are searching for the attacker Last week , 2 people were killed and 2 were wounded in stabbings The recent violence sparks fears of an intifada
CNN  There may be a constant argument over which player is the best in the world -- but there 's no doubting which boasts the highest transfer fee . Less than a week before the Ballon d'Or , the award presented to the best player on the planet , one Swiss research group has deemed Lionel Messi as the most expensive in the game . According to the Football Observatory , which is part of the International Centre for Sports Studies , Messi leads the way ahead of Real Madrid star and principal rival Cristiano Ronaldo . Messi is estimated to be worth $ 262 million with Portugal 's Ronaldo , the reigning world player of the year , some distance behind with an estimated transfer fee of $ 158 million . The two , who will contest the Ballon d'Or in Switzerland on Monday , are also up against Germany 's World Cup winning captain Manuel Neuer . According to the CIES , the transfer values are calculated "  using an exclusive algorithm developed on the basis of over 1,500 fee paying transfers occurred since 2009 . " It also takes into account levels of performance , characteristics and results achieved at both club and international level . Read the list here Eden Hazard  $ 158 million  and his Chelsea teammate Diego Costa  $ 100 million  are third and fourth in the list , while Juventus ' French midfielder Paul Pogba is the only player in Italian football to make the top 10 . Pogba , who plays for Juventus , has an estimated value of $ 86 million which places him ahead of Manchester City 's prolific striker Sergio Aguero  # 77 million  . Liverpool 's 20-year-old wing wizard Raheem Sterling is ranked sixth on the list after being valued at $ 75 million , just one million ahead of Chelsea 's Cesc Fabregas . Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez is ranked ninth after being given a $ 73 million price tag with Real 's Gareth Bale on $ 71 million . Brazil and Barcelona star Neymar is one notable absentee from the top 10 , he finished just one place outside ahead of Manchester United 's Angel di Maria , Bayern Munich 's Mario Gotze and 2014 World Cup star James Rodriguez .	Lionel Messi tops list of most expensive football players Messi transfer fee estimated to be worth $ 262 million Cristiano Ronaldo second on list ahead of Eden Hazard
CNN  -- Prominent Chinese journalist and press freedom advocate Gao Yu has been detained for allegedly leaking state secrets , China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported Thursday . The detention puts Gao on a growing list of dissident voices and intellectuals who are being held by police ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown . The 70-year-old is accused of sharing a "  highly confidential document " with a foreign website that published the material last year . The document , issued by the Communist Party 's Central Committee , was widely distributed online , according to the report . Xinhua did not specify which document was leaked and did not name the website that published it . After she was detained , Gao expressed "  deep remorse " for her actions , according to Xinhua . She told police in Beijing she "  deeply regretted that her behavior harmed the nation 's interests and violated the law , and she is willing to accept punishment from the law , " according to the report . Chinese broadcaster CCTV televised Gao 's confession on Thursday morning . Police arrested Gao on April 24 and seized evidence from her home in the Chinese capital , according to Xinhua . Other high-profile activists and scholars have been detained in recent weeks , including human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang and four other people who attended a low-key event last week marking the 25th anniversary of the June 4th Tiananmen Square protests . Gao was reported missing after she failed to attend the meeting . The outspoken journalist , whose columns are published on German news outlet Deutsche Welle 's Chinese-language site , began her career as a reporter for the China News Service in 1979 . She was arrested after the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 and released more than a year later . She was imprisoned for another six years for leaking state secrets in 1993 . 25 years later , Tiananmen Square no less taboo for China 's censors CNN 's Zhang Dayu and Beijing intern Andi Wang contributed to this report .	Chinese journalist Gao Yu is being held by police , according to Chinese media She is reportedly accused of leaking state secrets overseas Gao is the latest Chinese dissident detained ahead of the 25th Tiananmen Square anniversary
CNN  -- American intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has more damaging information that could be a "  nightmare " for the U.S. government , a journalist who first published his documents said . Glenn Greenwald of the Guardian told an Argentine newspaper , La Nacion , that releasing more information to hurt the United States is not Snowden 's goal . However , he said , Snowden has a "  large number " of documents about software people use "  without consciously agreeing to surrender their rights to privacy . " Snowden has given copies of the papers to several people , Greenwald told the paper , according to an English translation . "  The U.S. government should be on their knees every day praying that nothing happens to Snowden , because if something happens , all information will be revealed and that would be their worst nightmare , " he said . Others have suggested this before . Kristinn Hrafnsson , a WikiLeaks spokesman , said last month that other secrets may be revealed . "  There is more to come , " he said . What are the odds of a Snowden getaway ? Snowden is a former computer technician for U.S. defense contractor Booz Allen Hamilton . In June , he gave Greenwald and colleague Ewen MacAskill a 12-minute video interview on why he provided the Guardian the classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs . Following his revelation , he fled to Hong Kong , then headed to Russia , where he is in political limbo in the transit area of a Moscow airport . He has requested asylum from Russia while he awaits safe passage to Latin America , according to WikiLeaks . No application from Snowden has yet been received , the head of the Russian Federal Migration Service , Konstantin Romodanovsky , told the nation 's news agency , Interfax . The presidents of Venezuela and Bolivia have said their countries would give him asylum , and Nicaragua 's president said he would offer it "  if circumstances permit . " Snowden faces espionage charges in the United States . He met with human rights activists and lawyers Friday at the airport . It was his first public appearance since he left Hong Kong on June 23 . Merkel wants EU data protection pact "  I announce today my formal acceptance of all offers of support or asylum I have been extended and all others that may be offered in the future , " he said in a statement . "  As we have seen , however , some governments in Western European and North American states have demonstrated a willingness to act outside the law , and this behavior persists today . This unlawful threat makes it impossible for me to travel to Latin America and enjoy the asylum granted there in accordance with our shared rights . " In his remarks , Snowden also sought to defend his actions in leaking documents to the media that exposed U.S. mass surveillance programs . "  I did what I believed right and began a campaign to correct this wrongdoing . I did not seek to enrich myself . I did not seek to sell US secrets . I did not partner with any foreign government to guarantee my safety . Instead , I took what I knew to the public , so what affects all of us can be discussed by all of us in the light of day , and I asked the world for justice , " he said . "  That moral decision to tell the public about spying that affects all of us has been costly , but it was the right thing to do and I have no regrets . " The United States has reached out to the Russians regarding Snowden 's meeting with human rights groups , two senior State Department officials told CNN . Is Snowden worth the risk ? Latin America weighs pros and cons CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Glenn Greenwald was one of the journalists who broke the original story He says Edward Snowden has other documents Snowden has given copies of the papers to several people , journalist says
Germantown , Maryland  CNN  -- The Atlantic Magazine just published an article entitled , "  Are Fathers Necessary ? " It appears in the June issue , the month in which fathers are celebrated -- not dismissed -- and concludes that fathers are not essential . The primary problem with the article is that it fails to ask its title question to the right group of people . What makes a man a father is the fact that he has children . Had the writer of the piece , Pamela Paul , asked her question of children , she would have gotten a much different answer . Instead , Paul reaches her conclusion that fathers are not necessary by pointing to some researchers who think there are limitations in the available social science research on families . Specifically , Paul references research that questions the data on the importance of father involvement because it compares mother-father families to single mother families . Even though research shows that mother-father families produce better outcomes for children , Paul writes that it 's unclear whether its the father himself who makes a unique difference , and not just the additional financial and emotional resources a second parent can bring . In this case , it is some writers , not kids , who say the darndest things . The problem with Paul 's observation is that in the real world , the actual option most people get is between a single mother family and a mother-father family . The research is not limited by offering those two scenarios as the basis for its findings -- it is addressing the reality on the ground . Despite advances in science , the overwhelming majority of children still come into the world as a result of a man and a woman having sex with each other . So , the question is not , "  Are fathers necessary ? " It is "  Are fathers going to be involved and what does that involvement look like ? " The answer to the second question is what makes social scientists so concerned about the benefits of father involvement and the costs of father absence . The reality we are facing as a nation is that one out of every three children lives in a father-absent home and four in 10 are born to unmarried mothers . So , let 's "  ask " the children if they think fathers are necessary . My organization just gave its Military Fatherhood Award to Master Sgt. Rick Marston of the U.S. Air Force . At the ceremony , as he accepted his award on stage , I noticed his 10-year-old son , Jake , was so overcome with emotion that tears streamed down his face . It was Jake who motivated his mom to nominate his dad for the award . When asked how he feels when his dad is deployed overseas , Jake said he is overwhelmed from the pressure of thinking he needs to step into his father 's shoes while he is away . His inability to do so causes him a lot of pain . If we ask Jake if fathers are necessary , would he say no ? Sgt. Marston and millions of fathers in this country mean the world to their children . I believe that each child has a hole in his soul in the shape of his dad , and when fathers are unable or unwilling to fill that hole , it leaves a wound that is not easily healed . I know -- I grew up without my dad . That is why the article in The Atlantic is so troubling . Good fathers are not just necessary , they are essential and irreplaceable to the children who desperately love and need them . You see , in the real world , we do not have the luxury of finessing research data to reach irrelevant conclusions about families . Here in the real world , we have fathers asking , "  What is expected of me ? " If our society is not prepared to say , without question or hesitation , that we expect them to provide for , love , and guide their children , then we have indeed lost our way . And there is no question about that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Warren .	Roland Warren says Atlantic magazine article questions whether fathers are essential He says article reaches faulty conclusion that new research shows dads not crucial Real-world data analysis shows kids in mom-dad families do better Warren : Do n't believe it ? Ask kids . Each child has a hole in his soul in the shape of his dad
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Hundreds of Boko Haram gunmen on Sunday launched a predawn attack on the Nigerian city of Maiduguri and were locked in a fierce battle with government troops on the outskirts of the city , according to the military , residents and citizen vigilantes . The militants launched a simultaneous attack on the town of Monguno and were apparently successful in taking control of the town and its military barracks , a Nigerian military officer in Maiduguri told CNN . "  Our soldiers initially repelled the terrorists but they mobilized more fighters and came back in full force . They overwhelmed our troops and forced them to retreat , " said the officer , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media . Monguno , a town of about 100,000 people in northeast Nigeria , is about a 135-kilometer  85-mile  drive from Maiduguri , a city of more than 600,000 . Both cities are tucked into the corner of the country , near the borders with Chad and Cameroon . Babagana Musa , a Monguno resident who fled to Maiduguri , said , "  Several trucks carrying soldiers drove into Maiduguri . We learned the town  Monguno  has been taken over by Boko Haram . " Monguno , with its huge military barracks , has a strategic importance in that it acts as a buffer to keep Boko Haram from advancing towards Maiduguri . Its fall means Boko Haram is in good position to advance on Maiduguri , which has been its goal for months . Boko Haram had been confined to the fishing town of Baga since its fighters seized it January 3 , hesitant to move south towards Maiduguri because of the military presence in Monguno . The Islamists attacked the nearby village of Jintilo around 5 a.m. and were engaged in a gunbattle with troops stationed there . The village is about 5 kilometers  3 miles  from the center of Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state . Speaking to reporters Sunday afternoon , Borno Governor Kashim Shettima said , "  So long as we have the resources , we will continue to regard the efforts to reclaim peace our No. 1 area of commitments . I want to reassure the good people of Borno State that we will never abdicate from our responsibility as those they entrusted with leadership . " He further said he had canceled all engagements outside of Borno and intends to "  remain behind with our people through thick and thin , " and after meeting with other past and present leaders in Northern Nigeria , "  pressures are being combined and channeled to the right authorities to ensure that the insurgency problems are brought to an end as quickly as possible . " Shettima closed by asking the people of Borno to remain "  optimistic and vigilant " and urged residents to keep close watch over their children and report any "  strange person and movement " to authorities . The Islamists attacked the nearby village of Jintilo around 5 a.m. and were engaged in a gunbattle with troops stationed there . The village is about 5 kilometers  3 miles  from the center of Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state . The fighting in Jintilo forced residents to evacuate their homes and flee into the city , while military authorities imposed a round-the-clock curfew to prevent infiltration by the militants . "  All the residents of neighborhoods near Jintilo have fled into the city due to the ongoing battle between troops and Boko Haram gunmen who want to enter the city , " said Modu Zannari , who lives nearby . "  Boko Haram gunmen in their hundreds attacked Jintilo around 5 a.m. , just before the morning prayers , but soldiers stationed there fought back , " Zannari said "  Since 5 a.m. all we hear are cracking of guns and booming explosions coming from the direction of Jintilo , " said Babakaka Said , a resident of another neighborhood near the scene of the fighting . "  There have been radio announcements of indefinite curfew in the city and we have all been asked to remain indoors , " said Adam Kolo , who lives in the heart of the city . Hundreds of troop reinforcements deployed in Jintilo and military jets carried out aerial bombardment of Boko Haram positions , said a member of a civilian vigilante group fighting Boko Haram alongside troops . "  The gunmen have been dealt with and are now on the run , but they are being pursued by soldiers and vigilantes with the aerial support of a military jet , " said the vigilante , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak on the incident . The attack came a day after President Goodluck Jonathan made a campaign stop in Maiduguri ahead of the February 14 presidential election . He has promised to end the Boko Haram insurgency if re-elected . On Friday , Boko Haram attacked Kambari village , 5 kilometers from Maiduguri , killing 15 people and burning homes , in what was seen as a prelude to a possible onslaught on the city . Also Friday , Boko Haram released 192 hostages , mostly women , who had been kidnapped from a village in Yobe state following a deadly raid , according to community leaders , a local politician and a military source . The hostages had been held in two Boko Haram enclaves since a January 6 raid on the village of Katarko , 20 kilometers from the state capital , Damaturu , in which 218 women and children were abducted , according to sources . "  Boko Haram have returned to us our 192 women they took away at the beginning of this month . They freed them on Friday and dropped them at Girbuwa  village  near Damaturu , " Diptcha Aisami , a community leader in Katarko , said . The hostages were released after they declined to fight alongside Boko Haram , which branded them infidels , said a local politician from Katarko . "  They  Boko Haram  are still holding 26 young boys they abducted along with the released hostages in Katarko , " said the politician , who asked not to be named for security reasons . A military officer confirmed the release of the hostages by Boko Haram . On January 6 , dozens of Boko Haram gunmen stormed Katarko , where they killed 25 men and threw the bodies in open wells , burned the entire village and kidnapped the women and children , according to Aisami and local vigilantes . The attack was apparently in reprisal for a raid on a Boko Haram enclave by local hunters and vigilantes in Buni Yadi , 20 kilometers away , hours earlier . Several Boko Haram fighters were killed in that raid ; scores of others were arrested and an arsenal was seized , according to vigilantes . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Boko Haram takes control of Monguno and its huge military barracks , military says Military using jets to bomb Boko Haram positions , a vigilante says ; curfew in place , residents flee On Friday , Boko Haram released 192 hostages taken in January 6 raid ; 26 boys still being held
CNN  -- Three workers were killed in an explosion and fire near an oil well in eastern Wyoming on Monday morning . Samson Resources Company , a Tulsa , Oklahoma-based oil and gas company , confirmed the accident in Converse County , which occurred shortly after 10 a.m. No other details of the accident were available . Local emergency teams responded to bring the fire under control . All three workers were contract personnel , the company said in a statement . It has several oil wells in Wyoming . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of those who died in this accident , " said Phil Schmucker , senior vice president of operations for Samson . "  Samson will work closely with federal , state and local officials to assist with the investigation of this tragic incident and will work with the combined team to provide updates on the situation as the investigation continues . "	Samson Resources owns several wells in the state Details of the Converse County accident not available All three workers were contract personnel , the company says
Can animals go to heaven ? Some people all over the world have been excited in recent days about reports by news agencies worldwide -- including one from CNN -- declaring that Pope Francis apparently believes they can . It turns out it 's unclear what he believes about this . A previous pope , Paul VI , had no doubts . "  One day we will again see our animals in the eternity of Christ , " Paul once told a boy grieving the loss of his pet . That quote , from the pontiff who reigned from 1963 until his death in 1978 , was inaccurately attributed to Francis . The confusion may have begun when Italian daily newspaper Corriere della Sera referred to Paul 's quote in a story that carried the headline , "  The pope and animals : ` Heaven is open to all creatures . ' " The story itself does not indicate Francis said that . Instead , it refers back to Paul VI . The writer for the newspaper pointed to something Francis actually did say : "  Sacred Scripture teaches us that the fulfillment of this marvelous plan can not but involve everything that surrounds us and came from the heart and mind of God . " That remark , the writer suggested , "  widened the hope of salvation " to animals and all of creation . The headline on the article quoted Francis as saying , "  Heaven is open to all creatures . " But there 's no sign Francis said that . A search through the current Pope 's writings and remarks showed no immediate sign that he has taken a clear position on the question . Pope Francis to visit United States for first time next fall While Catholic teachings neither reject nor reaffirm the notion that animals have souls . There is no hard-and-fast answer in Catholicism to this question . Drugs , capitalism , homosexuality -- little is off limits for outspoken Pope It 's an emotional question for many people . Amy Kitchens Pollick of Decatur , Alabama , shared an anecdote from her childhood on Friday . When she was 10 years old , death claimed her beloved cat , Big Tom . Her father had tears in his eyes when he told her , "  Now Little One . The Bible says the Lord sees even every sparrow that falls , " Pollick wrote on Facebook . "  If He sees every sparrow , He 's not going to forget about a good old kitty like Big Tom . ' " "  I 've held that in my heart ever since , " she wrote .	It was Pope Paul VI , not Pope Francis , who said animals can go to heaven It 's unclear where Francis stands on the issue An Italian newspaper says Francis ' remarks suggest he agrees
Sen. Ted Cruz slammed the White House on Tuesday for a "  failure of leadership " as President Barack Obama prepares to nominate his administration 's fourth defense secretary . The Texas Republican , who is considering a 2016 run in hopes of heading his own White House administration , called the unusually high turnover at the helm of the Defense Department emblematic of a White House that puts politics above U.S. national security . "  It seems what the administration is looking for is a defense secretary who will follow the orders of a political White House rather than focus on defending the national security interests of this country , " Cruz said . "  At a time when the threats are this grave , we should n't see turnover at the Defense Department than one has at a typical Burger King . " Cruz said he did not know Ashton Carter , the former No. 2 man at the Pentagon who is expected to be Obama 's nominee to succeed Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , but Cruz said he looks forward to learning more about Carter and his "  good reputation . " But Cruz emphasized he was unsettled to see several potential picks pull their names out of the running to head the department , including former Pentagon official Michele Flournoy and Sen. Jack Reed . "  It says something that so many people are saying , ` No , thank you , I do n't want to serve in an administration that overrides the Defense Department , that treats the defense secretary as subservient to political lackeys in the White House , " Cruz said . Cruz made the remarks Tuesday at an event cosponsored by Concerned Veterans of America and the conservative publication The Weekly Standard during which he bore out his hawkish foreign policy and staked out positions starkly in contrast to Obama . McCain : Ashton Carter wo n't be heard at W.H. Drawing often from neoconservative Sen. John McCain , Cruz laid out a foreign policy focused on reasserting U.S. power and values in the world and "  resolutely defending " U.S. national security . And the first-term Texas senator also pulled from the pages of the Powell Doctrine , saying leaders should engage the U.S. military with a "  clear and stated objective upfront " and attack with "  overwhelming force ... and then we should get the heck out . " Cruz also mocked the Obama administration 's failed "  reset " with Russia and repeated his claim that Russian President Vladimir Putin is a "  KGB thug , " criticizing Obama 's response to Russian military action in Crimea with disbelief . "  You literally can not make this stuff up . If ` Saturday Night Live ' were parodying a hapless , ineffective President , they could n't make things up worse , " Cruz said . Cruz also repeated his claim that the potential for a nuclear Iran is the "  gravest national security threat " to the U.S. right now and likened the U.S. policy to combating ISIS as "  nonsense . " Foreign policy is shaping up to be a top issue in the 2016 presidential election as the ISIS threat , Iran nuclear negotiations and sanctions and continued tensions between the U.S. and Russia loom large . About 54 percent of Americans disapprove of Obama 's handling of foreign affairs , according to a CNN poll released last week .	Sen. Ted Cruz said the Obama administration is looking for a defense chief who will follow political orders Cruz attacked the White House for overall foreign policy failures at an event with a veterans group Tuesday Cruz also articulated his foreign policy vision , focused on reasserting U.S. power and values
CNN  -- The Texas Board of Education this week will vote on science standards that critics say seek to cast doubt on the theory of evolution . A woman stands in front of a mural depicting the development from ape to computer user . The board -- considering amendments passed in January -- will hear from the public on Wednesday . It will then take votes -- an initial one Thursday and the final vote Friday . "  This specific attack on well-established science ignores mountains of evidence and years of research done by experts in a variety of fields , " said Steven Newton , project director at the Oakland California-based National Center for Science Education , a proponent of evolution . One amendment , critics say , undermines the idea that life on Earth derives from a common ancestry , a major principle in the theory of evolution . It calls for the analysis and evaluation of "  the sufficiency or insufficiency " of the common ancestry idea to explain the fossil record . Newton said the board is considering other amendments casting doubt on well-established ideas in the earth and space sciences -- plate tectonics , radioactive decay and how the solar system developed . School board chairman Don McLeroy has wanted to tackle questions that highlight supposed weaknesses in the theory . For example , skeptics of evolution point to what they contend are fossil record gaps casting doubt on the scientific evidence of common ancestry . "  I 'm a skeptic . I 'm an evolution skeptic . I do n't think it 's true , " he said . "  You need to present other ideas to the kids . " The issue reflects the strong feelings among representatives on the 15-member board , some of whom accept evolutionary theory and some of whom do n't . The size of the textbook market in Texas gives it influence nationwide , as publishers adapt their material to its standards . The board in January voted to remove language that called on science teachers to focus on the "  strengths and weaknesses " in all scientific theories . It was replaced by language urging students to use "  empirical evidence , logical reasoning , and experimental and observational testing " to "  analyze and evaluate scientific explanations . " More amendments are expected to be brought up in the three-day hearing . Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution proposes that humans evolved over millions of years from animal species -- including , most famously , early primates that also are the ancestors of modern-day apes . Such thinking , which challenged religious accounts of a deity creating humans , was considered radical , even blasphemous , when Darwin published it in 1859 . Central to Darwin 's thesis was his scientific explanation of life 's diversity : that natural selection is enough to explain the evolution of all species . The scientific community has overwhelmingly scorned creationism and its latest incarnation , intelligent design , as a pretext for biblical explanations of how the world came to be , and asserts that there is no weakness or doubt in the scientific community about evolution . Last year , the National Academy of Sciences called for the public to be better informed about the importance of understanding and teaching evolution . The academy released a booklet titled "  Science , Evolution , and Creationism " -- the third explanation of evolution put out since 1984 by one of the nation 's leading scientific organizations . However , those who take issue with evolution believe it should be treated with healthy skepticism . The San Antonio Express-news quotes Casey Luskin , a policy analyst with the Discovery Institute , a group that questions the theory of evolution : "  This debate will impact whether students are taught to think critically and scientifically when you learn about evolution . It 's important for students to learn how to think like scientists and not be forced to treat these controversial topics like a dogma , " he is quoted as saying . Proponents of evolution say the dogma is on the other side , with the Discovery Institute and others purposely distorting and ignoring scientific evidence to reach their desired conclusion . For decades , the teaching of evolution in public schools has been flashpoint in some states , with proponents of ideas such as creationism and intelligent design trying to gain a place in science classes . The issue has been before school officials , legislators and courts in Alabama , Kansas , Kentucky , Ohio , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , and Virginia . The controversy over the teaching of intelligent design came to a head in Pennsylvania , where the Dover School Board voted that ninth-grade students must be read a statement encouraging them to read about intelligent design . A federal judge said the board violated the Constitution in doing so because intelligent design is religious creationism in disguise and injecting it into the curriculum violates the constitutional separation of church and state . "  Academic freedom " bills have emerged but failed in various state legislatures , the National Center for Science Education said . An "  academic freedom " act has been adopted as law in Louisiana , and there is legislation in Florida calling for an "  academic freedom " bill that would mandate a "  thorough presentation and critical analysis of the scientific theory of evolution . " The center says such bills are strategies by creationists to appeal to the American sense of balance , and give the false sense that there are different sides to scientific issues such as evolution . "  Two plus 2 is not 5 , " said the group 's spokesman , Robert Luhn .	Texas Board of Education will vote this week on the curriculum amendments Evolution skeptics say fossil record gaps cast doubt on the idea of common ancestry Critics say the proposed curriculum questions ideas in the earth and space sciences Large textbook market in Texas influences decisions of publishers nationwide
CNN  -- Bayern Munich inflicted a record defeat on Sporting Lisbon to book their place in the quarterfinals of the Champions League by a staggering 12-1 on aggregate . Bayern Munich players react to the crowd after their staggering 12-1 aggregate victory over Sporting . Leading 5-0 from the first leg , a double from Lukas Podolski and Anderson Polga 's own goal put them 3-0 up on the night within 40 minutes before Joao Moutinho pulled one back in stunning fashion . It was the briefest respite for Sporting , though , Bastian Schweinsteiger hitting an immediate reply , before Mark van Bommel , Miroslav Klose  pen  and Thomas Muller netted in the second half for a 7-1 triumph on the night . The result was a record aggregate winning margin for a post-group stage Champions League game , surpassing Lyon 's 10-2 demolition of Werder Bremen in 2005 . The scoring began in the eighth minute , Podolski combining well with Ze Roberto on the edge of the box after Bayern took advantage of a poor defensive clearance before hammering home from the edge of the box . Bayern were rampant and the second finally came after 34 minutes when a long kick from the Bayern keeper Jorg Butt sailed through to the edge of the Sporting area . It should have been simple for the visiting defense , but a horrible mix-up between Polga and and Patricio allowed Podolski to flick the ball over his head and into the empty net . Polga 's night got even worse 39 later when he scored an own goal , volleying Schweinsteiger 's cross into his own net . There was a brief hiatus in Sporting 's embarrassment when Moutinho 's classy strike arrowed into the far left corner three minutes before the break to reduce the arrears . But barely a minute later , Christian Lell pulled the ball back for Schweinsteiger to sweep home , making it 9-1 on aggregate . Bayern coach Jurgen Klinsmann made two changes at half-time , bringing on Jose Sosa and Breno for Ze Roberto and Lucio as the pace dropped . A fifth did arrive , though , in the 74th minute , substitute Muller 's cross headed across goal by Klose for Van Bommel to control and fire home . And Klose continued to pile on the woe for Sporting in the 82nd minute , picking himself up from a foul by Pedro Silva to convert the subsequent penalty . Teenager Muller , making his Champions League debut , rounded things off in the final minute , poking home from Sosa 's corner .	Bayern Munich inflict a record 12-1 aggregate defeat on Sporting Lisbon Surpassed Lyon 's 10-2 post-group demolition of Werder Bremen in 2005 Bayern triumphed 7-1 on the night having won the first leg 5-0 in Portugal
Beijing  CNN  -- When I first came across a "  virtual lover " service on e-commerce site Taobao , China 's version of Amazon , I thought it was hype . For an average of 20 yuan  $ 3  per day , it claimed you could hire a boyfriend or girlfriend to talk on the phone or chat online to make you feel like you 're in love . The service varies but it includes wake-up calls , text and voice messages , phone calls and goodnight wishes . As the largest online shopping platform in China , Taobao vendors sell anything they can think of as long as it 's not illegal . Usually I would be skeptical about such a service but I was drawn to a comment left by one "  virtual girlfriend " enthusiast . "  It was awesome -- she shared my happiness and cheered me up when I was down . She has a beautiful voice , and an intelligent mind ... I so do n't want to leave her . " This glowing review got me interested in having my own "  Miss Right " on my smartphone . I contacted the Taobao vendor and she asked if I had any preferences . Options included "  doll-like girls " and "  mature women , " while ladies had the choice of different types of "  boyfriends , " including "  comforting man , " "  funny lad , " and "  understanding uncle . " I said that I 'd like the girl to be cheerful but not too "  doll-like . " Then she asked for my WeChat number , an instant messaging app with 450 million users , and told me there was no refund if I changed my mind . ` Journey of love ' It was n't long before I got my first voice message from my own virtual girlfriend , called Maopi , outlining the terms of our relationship : "  Hello , this voice message is to prove that I 'm not a boy , nor a robot . Also , please leave out anything erotic in our conversations . I 'm very much looking forward to our journey of love , " she said in a business-like voice . She told me she was a college student majoring in design , liked painting and hated pineapples , although she did n't know why . Then she briefly lectured me on some ground rules of the game : No private information , no photos and no video chat . Normally , I would much rather have a conversation with my date across a dinner table but her voice was intriguing and I spent a few hours chatting with her about food , music , relationships and our favorite TV series . Confidence boost A virtual girlfriend may sound seedy but psychologist Paul Yin says this kind of service appeals to men who do n't have the confidence to enter a real-life relationship . "  They can gain confidence and feel loved through this experience and there 's no risk in getting frustrated from setbacks , " he told CNN . "  Many young men ca n't find enough courage to approach girls they find interesting because they fear to be rejected . " I also wondered whether a person could really make a living from being someone 's virtual boyfriend or girlfriend and asked Maopi to share her side of our virtual love story . She said people sign up with her for different reasons : Some feel lonely and want to have someone to talk to , some seek comfort after breaking up with lovers , and many just sign up out of curiosity . "  I 've had some quite dedicated ` lovers ' who would sign up for months just to chat with me , " she said . She said business had been good since she started working as a virtual girlfriend in July . However , she said she could n't remember how much money she made . For her , the job is more about hearing different stories . Pleasant surprise The next morning , I woke up to find 24 unread messages . It was my girlfriend 's attempt to wake me up . We exchanged a few more voice and text messages but it did n't feel long before my day-long "  virtual love affair " came to an end . If you want to know how it feels to have a virtual relationship , I 'd say if you 're lonely or heartbroken from a recent break up , finding a virtual lover might work better than boozing all night and drunk dialing your ex-lover at three in the morning . And for those who want to "  get lucky " , I guarantee you 'll have better luck with the first person you dance with at the nearest club . Though my virtual love affair was platonic , I still enjoyed her company . And I was pleasantly surprised when she asked to exchange photos and keep in touch after our day was up . CNN 's Katie Hunt in Hong Kong contributed to this report	Taobao , China 's version of Amazon , advertises "  virtual girlfriends " For $ 3 day , you can hire a boyfriend or girlfriend to talk on the phone or chat online Psychologist says this appeals to men who lack confidence to enter a real-life relationship
Mesa , Arizona  CNN  -- The sun is warm . The beer is cold . And the mood is as bright as the midday sky . It 's spring training season , a time when hopes remain high across baseball-loving America . Here in Cactus League territory , the fans of 15 different baseball teams have descended once again on greater Phoenix -- an area so dense with ballparks that even "  away " games are often less than an hour away . There are hot dogs and hot tamales , shopping malls and swimming pools , mountaintops and margaritas -- a full roster of reasons to hop on an Arizona-bound plane . Every year for six weeks or so , you ca n't swing a bat here without hitting a baseball fan . By the hundreds of thousands , they return each spring to cheer on the Giants or the Royals or the Reds . Still , none of those fans may be as loyal and long-suffering as those of the Chicago Cubs . For decades , they have gravitated to Mesa and luxuriated in the preseason oasis that is spring training -- a shimmering sliver of optimism that may , once again , prove to be a mirage . But who needs to think about that now ? Who needs to be reminded that last year the Cubs had their worst record since 1966 ? And , OK , that they have n't won a World Series since 1908 ? A non-fan 's spring training pilgrimage An authentic ballpark feel Today , we are months away from the chilly realities of October . Today , as the first sunburn of the season settles across our skin , we are warmed and relaxed and oblivious to the sting that may follow . Perhaps the "  D " in a Cub fan 's DNA stands for denial -- or determination . Because no matter how badly the team plays  and please feel free to insert your own joke here  , they still manage to break attendance records season after season . The turnout defies logic , yet it 's a force of nature that can not be denied . It 's an annual phenomenon that starts here in Mesa , which has served as the preseason headquarters of the Cubs for six decades . Their home base is Hohokam Stadium , which seats 12,500 baseball traditionalists who enjoy its easy accessibility and authentic ballpark feel . "  The Cubs are really woven into the fabric here in Mesa , " says Michelle Streeter , Visit Mesa 's director of communications . "  They 've been training here since 1952 , so generations of Mesa residents have grown up watching and following this team . " "  So many Chicagoans are either transplants who have relocated here or folks who have purchased vacation homes here , " she added . "  It 's a rite of passage to come and cheer for the home team . " America 's 11 new sandwich heroes A new park in Wrigleyville West Next year , the Cubs will move into a new spring training complex under construction in Mesa 's Riverside , just a few miles from Hohokam in an area that 's already being called Wrigleyville West , in homage to the Cubs ' storied Wrigley Field . Surrounded by shops and restaurants , the new stadium will hold 15,000 and sit in a larger park that includes paths , playgrounds , practice fields and a public lake . "  We fought long and hard to stop the Cubs from going anywhere , " Streeter says . "  We have a long friendship and kinship with them , and they are now locked in for the next 30 years . And the new stadium will be spectacular . " What wo n't change with the new location are the intangibles that help define the spring training season : the near-perfect weather , the camaraderie , the sense of tradition mixed with new beginnings . Hours before the game begins , tailgating Chicagoans have already set up shop in the Hohokam parking lot , where they are grilling bratwursts and launching another round of beanbag toss . Others survey the Cub merchandise at a roadside T-shirt stand that 's fanned by palm fronds swaying in the breeze . Still others settle with their blankets and babies on the berm , the grassy sloping outfield that feels a bit more family-friendly than Wrigley 's rowdy bleachers . There are dusty-purple mountains on the horizon . There are players signing autographs within easy reach -- not just the less-familiar hopefuls but marquee major-leaguers like Alfonso Soriano , who 's stooping and smiling for a photo with a little girl . And somewhere in the distance , there is "  Sweet Home , Chicago " playing on the P.A. Long road to umpiring in the majors '10 inches of snow back home ' Kristen Stoklasa of Crystal Lake , Illinois , has made a spring pilgrimage to Hohokam every year since 2004 . This time , she 's here for two weeks and sharing a house with friends . Other than her madras shorts , she 's kitted out entirely in team paraphernalia -- from her Wrigley Field t-shirt to her Croc-style slip-ons studded with Cubs logos . She also owns a bucket hat covered with autographs she 's collected in Mesa . "  It 's fantastic here , " she says , as she browses the souvenir shop in search of even more Cubs gear . "  It 's a lot cheaper than the games at Wrigley Field . Plus , there are ten inches of snow back home , and here I am in shorts . " Chicago-born Paul Spokas "  just got lucky " when he landed a job in Scottsdale , where he enjoys being part of the large Chicago expat community . His proximity to Cubs spring training has made him "  more popular " than he was back home , he jokes , especially because it comes with temperatures in the 70s and inexpensive tickets to the game . Inside the low-slung stadium , it 's easy to feel close to the action . The best seats in the house -- those in the field box section -- cost just $ 28 apiece . A spot on the berm , where you can practically chat with the outfielders , runs $ 8 . As the afternoon settles into its final innings , the beer vendors hawk a final round of Old Style and glance over their shoulders at the scoreboard . The light that washes over the stadium takes on a golden hue . That 's when it feels like , every now and then , life presents us with a perfect moment . The sun is warm . The beer is cold . And miraculously , the Cubs beat the Padres 9-3 . Where to stay A mile from Hohokam Stadium , the Phoenix Marriott Mesa is a newly renovated high-rise hotel with a Cubs baseball package rate that includes a standard room and grandstand seats for two . Located in the Mesa Riverview shopping center , the Hyatt Place at Mesa Riverview is surrounded by shops and restaurants and will enjoy an even better home advantage when the new stadium opens in Riverside next spring . For more suggestions , check the Visit Mesa list of hotels . 5 great baseball stadiums What to visit At the Mesa Historical Museum , situated less than a mile from Hohokam Stadium in downtown Mesa , baseball fans can take in "  Play Ball : The Cactus League Experience , " a year-round exhibit on Mesa 's role in the founding of the Cactus League . Among the baseball memorabilia and other historical items on display are team uniforms from the early 1900s . For those whose interests extend beyond the outfield wall , the Mesa Arts Center offers live music , dance , comedy and theater performances , plus gallery spaces and free lunchtime concerts . Where to eat Originally owned by Cub announcers Harry Caray and Steve Stone , Diamond 's Sports Grille may be the closest thing to The Cubby Bear outside of Wrigleyville . It offers a pre-home-game breakfast buffet and such pun-laden menu categories as "  The Starting Line-Up , " "  Field of Greens , " "  Designated Hitters " and "  For the Little Leaguers " -- plus Chicago favorites Goose Island and Old Style beer to wash it all down . There 's also a free shuttle service to and from Hohokam . Chicago transplant Paul Spokas takes visiting Cub fans to West Addison Sports Bar in Scottsdale , named for one of the landmark streets that bounds Wrigley Field . The pub doubles as the hangout of choice for Chicago Bears and Notre Dame football fans . He also rejoiced when Portillo 's opened recently in Scottsdale , with a second location being planned near the new stadium . Already , its Chicago-style hot dogs , Polish sausages and Italian beef have proved so popular that it takes a traffic cop to keep the customers flowing . Unfortunately , Spokas says , "  I still have n't found a deep-dish pizza here like home . "	The Cactus League allows fans of 15 different teams to celebrate the start of baseball Fans return each spring to cheer on the Giants , Royals , the Reds and the long-suffering Cubs Temperatures are often in the 70s and tickets to the game are inexpensive
A 4.1 magnitude earthquake struck Friday night in west-central South Carolina , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The quake was the strongest to hit South Carolina since 2002 , local emergency management officials said . The quake was centered 7 miles  12 kilometers  west-northwest of Edgefield , which is about 25 miles north of Augusta , Georgia , and 60 miles southwest of Columbia , South Carolina . The town of Edgefield has some 4,750 residents , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The USGS estimates the quake 's depth was about 3 miles  4.6 kilometers  . The same federal agency initially estimated a 4.4 magnitude quake . An emergency dispatcher in Edgefield said there were no reports of damage or injuries tied to the tremor . Columbia County , Georgia , and the South Carolina Emergency Management Division also reported no damage or injuries . Still , the quake was big enough to be felt as far away as metropolitan Atlanta some 160 miles west . The shaking stirred up a lot of instant reactions online in an area recently battered by a powerful winter storm . But unlike the snow and ice that just fell , the tenor of the tremor banter appeared to be light . "  Earthquake ... do n't even think about canceling school , " one tweeter from South Carolina wrote . "  My KIDS are going to school next week if they have to sit in parking lot . " Another Palmetto State resident was incredulous about the roller coaster Mother Nature has been on lately : "  So , South Carolina has had 70 ° weather , snow , and now an earthquake all in one week ... " As many as 20 quakes a year Though it may seem rare , South Carolina does experience a number of earthquakes , officials said . But most of them are minor . Friday 's quake was actually the 13th earthquake in South Carolina in the past 12 months , the South Carolina Emergency Management Division said . The state usually experiences 15 to 20 earthquakes a year , the agency said . In November , 2002 , a magnitude 4.4 earthquake hit near Charleston . Friday 's quake is the strongest one since that quake , the agency said .	The quake was centered near Edgefield , South Carolina , not far from Augusta , Georgia It was about 3 miles deep and felt in metropolitan Atlanta , some 160 miles to the west Authorities say they have no immediate reports of damages or injuries
Dublin , Ireland  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II is due to visit Croke Park stadium in Dublin Wednesday on the second day of her landmark tour to Ireland . The visit to Croke Park is another significant symbolic gesture of reconciliation -- British troops opened fire on a crowd watching a Gaelic football match there in 1920 , killing 14 . On Wednesday morning the queen met the Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny and senior cabinet ministers at Government Buildings as part of her state tour , the first by a UK monarch since the country gained independence in 1921 . Gerry O'Regan , editor of the Irish Independent , said : "  This is a triumph of really careful planning and shows a strong intent on both sides to make it work . " On Tuesday the queen laid a wreath at the Garden of Remembrance in Dublin in a joint ceremony with Irish President Mary McAleese . The Garden of Remembrance honors those who fought for Irish freedom from British rule . During her stay , the queen will also visit the National War Memorial Gardens in Islandbridge and on Wednesday evening , accompanied by British Prime Minister David Cameron , the queen will attend a state banquet at Dublin Castle . The visit has prompted police to mount a major security operation amid threats of dissident republican violence . Ireland has spent $ 42 million on security for the visit , according to officials . On Tuesday scuffles between protesters and police broke out in central Dublin , 22 people were arrested . The Irish military Tuesday defused a bomb Tuesday morning on a bus headed to Dublin . The military had stopped a private bus in Maynooth , evacuated the passengers and found a "  viable device " in the luggage compartment , a spokesman for the Irish national police said . The queen 's visit is one that many in Ireland believed would never happen , and marks the reconciliation between two neighboring countries that once viewed each other with suspicion and hostility . Ireland 's fight to free itself from its former imperial master is likely to form much of the narrative of the visit . There will be constant reminders of the violent past . The queen 's plane touched down , for example , at Casement Aerodrome , a military airfield named after Roger Casement , who was executed for treason in 1916 for conspiring with the Germans . His fate was sealed when the queen 's grandfather , George V , refused to commute his death sentence . The Irish War of Independence that the killing was a part of directly led to the partition of Ireland in 1921 . The majority of the island gained independence , but six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming the country of Northern Ireland . In the late 1960s the conflict between mainly Protestant unionists who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the UK and largely Roman Catholic nationalists who want the North to be reunited with the rest of Ireland exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as the Troubles . The ensuing three decades of violence between the Irish Republican Army and loyalists claimed the lives of more than 3,000 people , most of them north of the border , and while the Good Friday Agreement , signed in 1998 , effectively ended the conflict , suspicions remain . It is for this reason that the queen 's visit is more than symbolic . Under the terms of the accord , terrorist groups on both sides dumped their weapons , and political allies of both sides now work together in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government . The change has been so rapid that , even as recently as the late 1990s , one journalist said he could never have imagined a state visit by the queen . Toby Harnden , who covered Ireland for the Daily Telegraph , said while some people on both sides still have their doubts over the visit -- for different reasons -- more significant is the peaceable language used in the debate . "  Some Catholics will see this as Britain cementing its claim over the Irish territory of the six counties of Northern Ireland , " Harnden said . Meanwhile "  the Protestants will see the queen 's visit as ratification of a state that they believe is constitutionally hostile to any British presence in Ireland . So on both sides there 'll be qualms . " Gerry Adams , a pivotal figure in Northern Irish history as long-time leader of Sinn Fein , the IRA 's political arm , said the queen 's visit was "  premature . " Compared with incendiary language he had used in the past , Adams ' comment speaks volumes , Harnden said . For instance , "  when the queen 's cousin Lord Mountbatten was killed by the IRA in 1979 ,  Adams  said it was an execution that was fully justified . " "  When I was there the IRA cease-fire had collapsed , there was violence and killings , no surrender , no compromise . In those days there was no likelihood of the queen ever visiting . " CNN 's Fionnuala Sweeney and Peter Wilkinson contributed to this report .	Queen Elizabeth II due to visit Croke Park Meets Irish PM Enda Kenny in Government Building First state visit by UK monarch since Irish independence
High blood pressure is truly a silent killer . In fact , a heart attack or stroke may be the first sign that you even have a problem . That 's why it 's so important to get your blood pressure checked every time you go to the doctor -- especially if you 're a woman . High blood pressure can lead to stroke , kidney problems , heart trouble and other conditions . About 35 million American women have high blood pressure , and a third of them do n't know it . In part , experts say , the increase comes just because women are living longer and doctors are paying more attention to the problem . But less-benign factors -- such as the exploding use of anti-inflammatory medicines  which make your body retain salt  and ever-increasing waistlines -- may be at play in what the American Heart Association calls a rise in uncontrolled hypertension in women . Fortunately , there are many ways to control your blood pressure , even without medication . And just knowing your numbers is half the battle , says Dan Jones , M.D. , president of the AHA . But that does n't mean fighting high blood pressure is a cinch . Here are the stories of three women whose high blood pressure took them by surprise . Think about them the next time that cuff goes around your arm . Erin O'Connell Peiffer , 45 While Peiffer experienced hypertension during all three of her pregnancies , her blood pressure always returned to normal after each birth . Later , as she juggled working and caring for her young children , the thin , nonsmoking telecommunications executive who lives outside of Baltimore , Maryland , considered herself healthy  except for her high cholesterol  . Then one day about seven years ago , she could n't stop coughing during a water aerobics class . A month later , she was shocked to find out that she had congestive heart failure and pulmonary edema , or swelling of the lungs . High blood pressure was behind the problems . Following open-heart surgery to repair a 99 percent blockage in her left main coronary artery , Peiffer was terminated from her job because of her illness and went on disability . She has n't worked in seven years because of chronic chest pain and other conditions . Learn some tricks to lower your blood pressure Looking back , she remembers that in her 20s , her blood pressure was elevated when she was first found to have high cholesterol . "  They said it was white-coat hypertension -LSB- the idea that just being in a medical office can drive blood pressure up -RSB- , " Peiffer says . "  No one said , ` Hey , you need to exercise , ' or anything . " So she did n't . Now she 's on two blood pressure medications -- an ACE inhibitor that lowers levels of blood vessel-tightening chemicals and a beta-blocker that slows heart rate -- and her pressure 's normal . Daily two-mile walks help , too . "  Get a baseline number , and keep an eye on it , " she says . "  Take care of yourself first so you can be there to take care of your children . " Carolyn J. Daniels , 43 On the way to a regular medical checkup last year , Daniels , an Atlanta , Georgia-area marketing director , was in good spirits . Her weight was under control at 145 pounds , and she thought she was healthy . Her blood pressure had been slightly elevated at past checkups , but she had never been told to do anything about it . This time was different . Her reading was 160 over 100 , and she remembers her doctor saying , "  You 're like a firecracker -- ready to pop . " Daniels was petrified : "  I thought I was going to die . " Her doctor put her on blood pressure medication immediately . Read which 10 foods are best for your heart Now she takes a beta-blocker and a calcium channel blocker , which also relaxes blood vessels . To stay healthy , she and her husband walk every other evening after dinner . The hardest part ? Giving up the fried foods she loves . "  Every now and then , I 'll cheat and have some fried chicken over at my sister 's house , " she confesses . But she 's learned to broil , bake , and stir-fry tomatoes , collards , cabbage , and other vegetables . Daniels is among the 43 percent of African-American women who have hypertension . The risk for African-Americans is much higher than for Asians or whites , although it 's not clear why . Daniels thinks there is only one way to cope : "  I felt fine , but that ' s not good enough . It 's especially important for African-American women to go to a doctor routinely . That 's the only way you 're going to know you have it . " Antoinette Trammell , 50 Even though her mother had hypertension , Trammell , a hospital human resources specialist in Richmond , Virginia , did n't think about her family medical history 20 years ago when she started having headaches and blurred vision -- two of the very rare symptoms of high blood pressure . Then one of the hospital 's nurse managers took Trammell 's blood pressure and sent her straight to a cardiologist . Read who is at risk of high blood pressure Her blood pressure is now under control thanks to an ACE inhibitor , a diuretic , and some overdue diet changes . She 's trying to lose weight -- hoping to drop 30 pounds -- and the self-professed saltaholic has cut way back on her favorite foods . "  Potato chips , fries , all those good things , " Trammell says . "  I could literally put salt in my hand and eat it . " Too much salt makes many people retain water , which increases blood volume and puts more pressure on arteries . The diuretic also helps break that cycle . Why was n't Trammell more active in controlling her risks at a younger age ? Probably because she grew up on a farm , and her parents rarely saw a doctor . Her mother died at age 80 in 2002 after a stroke and heart attack . "  Now I make sure to have my blood pressure checked once a week , " Trammell says . "  This is n't a condition that I can just take care of when I have the time . " Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Health - CLICK HERE ! Copyright Health Magazine 2009	About 35 million American women have high blood pressure ; a third do n't know it Forty-three percent of African-American women have hypertension Weight loss , excercise and cutting salt in diet can help lower blood pressure
BARCELONA , Spain -- Barcelona 's Brazilian forward Ronaldinho will miss most of the rest of the season after damaging a muscle in his right leg during training on Friday . Ronaldinho has had his least impressive season with Barcelona since joining them in 2003 . The club announced that the injury would keep him on the sidelines for about six weeks . The 28-year-old Ronaldinho , twice world player of the year , has had his least impressive season with Barcelona since joining them from Paris St Germain in 2003 and has frequently been linked with a possible move away . His contract extends until 2010 . Barcelona said that the Brazilian had been hurt in a "  training accident " , adding : " A scan carried out confirms that he has a torn muscle which will keep him off the pitch for a period of six weeks . " Barcelona are third in the Spanish league with 58 points , seven points behind champions and leaders Real Madrid . E-mail to a friend	Barcelona ace Ronaldinho is expected to be sidelined for around six weeks The Brazilian international forward suffered a leg injury while training this week The club announced that Ronaldinho had torn a muscle in a training ` accident '
CNN  -- Dear Girls of the World , I did n't start playing soccer imagining I would be scoring goals in the Olympics or representing my country at the World Cup . I started playing soccer , and sports in general , as a way to simply make friends . On the field , I was able to hang out with kids my age , kick the ball around and just have a good time . What I did n't realize at the time was that soccer would do more for me than I could ever imagine . At a young age , soccer taught me about leadership and sportsmanship and what it means to be a good teammate . Most importantly , it taught me the power of confidence . Confidence is not something that is always easy to find . Often , being the new girl on a team or being in a group breeds insecurities . I have joined countless teams where I was the new girl , and I was never immune to those feelings of self-doubt . I have learned that by pushing aside those insecurities and rediscovering my inner confidence , I become a better teammate and person . That 's why I wrote the book series , "  The Kicks , " to show girls the importance of maintaining confidence when faced with new  and sometimes scary !  opportunities . While the book is aimed at middle schoolers , the lessons in it are ones that I think hold true across all ages . Joining the U.S. Women 's National Soccer Team was intimidating to say the least . I joined a team with women who I had looked up to for years , and at just 20 , how was I supposed to fit in with them ? I was nervous and overwhelmed . But I knew that I was capable of competing with them so I pushed myself outside of my comfort zone in order to be the best player I could be . I now call these girls more than just my friends . They are my sisters , and together we support each other through thick and thin . I 'm so grateful to have some amazing women around me to help me learn and grow . Confidence has carried me on and off the pitch , through high school in California , college at UC Berkeley and now professionally for the U.S. Women 's National Team and the Portland Thorns . I have had to adjust to new surroundings , meet new people and have been challenged by different situations . All of those experiences , while nerve-wracking at the time , have empowered me to grow stronger . It 's important that as women , we stand up for ourselves , stand up for our peers and show the power that confidence can have for women everywhere . -- Alex Morgan Read more open letters Open letter from Christiane Amanpour : It 's time to power the world Open letter from Queen Rania of Jordan : More than tiaras and cupcakes More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " How to help | Take action with 10x10	Alex Morgan writes an open letter to girls of the world
CNN  -- Sweden 's chase for what is widely suspected to be a submerged Russian submarine operating within its territorial waters ca n't help but remind older Swedes of the fact that , during the Cold War , Swedish waters were thought to be regularly covertly probed by submarines belonging to the Soviet Union . Indeed , back in 1981 , the "  Whiskey on the Rocks " incident saw a Soviet attack submarine carrying nuclear-tipped torpedoes run aground on the shoals not far from the Swedish naval base at Karlskrona . Fast forward more than three decades , and Vladimir Putin 's Russia is by no means the threat -- materially or ideologically -- that the Soviet Union was during the Cold War . But the fact that the Russian leader has made it clear that he does not accept the advance of democratic regimes onto Russia 's doorstep -- whether they be tied either to the European Union or NATO -- is bound to mean that this latest incident will have echoes of times past for many Swedes . And Putin has been willing to match words with action . With a plan under way to modernize Russia 's military over the next decade , Moscow has increasingly been willing to flex its armed muscle not only in Ukraine , but against other neighbors as well . In the case of Sweden , this has included Russian simulated air attacks against Stockholm , the buzzing of Swedish ships and planes by Russian aircraft and , as recent as this September , the alleged violation of Swedish airspace by two Russian Su-24s , a supersonic attack aircraft . Putin 's jabs at Sweden are undoubtedly also tied to the fact that the government of Sweden has , in reaction to Putin 's revanchist policies , increased its operational ties to NATO and neighboring NATO states even while remaining formally outside the alliance . In fact , the submarine chase that is now occurring comes on the heels of Sweden 's participation in a Baltic Sea military exercise that included vessels and aircraft from Denmark , Poland and the Netherlands . Such cooperation is needed precisely because Sweden has , like the rest of Europe , spent much of the post-Cold War era cutting its defense budget and the size of its armed forces . For example , Sweden 's navy today has fewer than 10 surface combatants , no operational anti-submarine warfare helicopters and only five submarines . It was only two years ago that Sweden 's top military officer admitted that his forces could only defend a small segment of the country for about a week without outside help . All this suggests that the hard reality is that Sweden is in Moscow 's sights -- and not just because Stockholm leans toward the West in its policies . The region 's geography means that any conflict in the Baltic region would almost certainly involve Sweden . Kaliningrad , Russia 's major military enclave on the Baltic Sea , is hemmed in by Poland and Lithuania on its borders and Sweden by the sea , and control of the latter 's airspace and seas could be decisive if a major conflict should occur . In mid-September , Swedes went to the polls and rejected a third term for the center-right coalition that had governed Sweden since 2006 . The new government is an alliance of left-leaning parties led by the Social Democratic Party and has pledged to increase defense spending . No doubt , news of a possible Russian sub trolling in Swedish waters will bolster public support for the government 's decision to up Swedish military capabilities . The question Stockholm will face is whether the planned increase -- less than $ 1 billion over 10 years -- will be sufficient to make up for the two decades of decline and adequate to deal with Russian plans to expand its military strength . For decades , the Swedish government has avoided taking explicit sides between Brussels and Moscow . But the Swedes will find sitting on the fence to be increasingly uncomfortable when Putin is your next-door neighbor .	Vladimir Putin 's Russia is by no means the threat the Soviet Union was during the Cold War But Moscow has increasingly been willing to flex muscles with neighbors , says Gary Schmitt Sweden has expanded operational ties with Russia , Schmitt says
CNN  -- Kerry Kennedy , daughter of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy and ex-wife of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , took the stand Wednesday in a DWI trial stemming from a 2012 traffic accident and repeated her claim that she mistakenly took a sleeping pill the morning of the crash . She said that she never felt the effects of the powerful sleep aid in her system . Kennedy is facing a misdemeanor charge of driving while intoxicated for allegedly swerving between lanes and careening into a tractor-trailer on a Westchester County , New York , interstate in July 2012 . She drove away from the accident scene despite a shredded tire , and was found collapsed over the steering wheel of her Lexus SUV a short time later , according to testimony . Kennedy has said she swallowed a pill she believed to be her thyroid medication at around 7:30 the morning of the incident , but that she may have mixed up medicine bottles and taken zolpidem , a powerful sleep aid , instead . A blood test confirmed the presence of zolpidem in Kennedy 's system , according to trial testimony this week . "  I now know thanks to the tox lab that I must have taken the sleeping medication by mistake , " said Kennedy , looking at the jury as she testified . Kennedy said she made cappuccino , had some carrots , prepared bags for the gym and office and had no problem leaving her apartment and getting to her vehicle the morning of the accident . Her memory from that morning ends just before she entered the highway , Kennedy said . The next thing she recalls is a knock on the window of her SUV , and a man she thought was a police officer asking if she was OK . "  I was confused by that because I thought I was fine , " she said on the stand . During a contentious cross examination , Kennedy insisted that she would not have stayed behind the wheel if she 'd felt the effects of the medication . "  If I 'd realized I was impaired , I would have pulled over , " she told prosecutor Doreen Lloyd , and also said she does n't know what the side effects of zolpidem might feel like . "  You 've taken this pill for 10 years and you ca n't tell me whether or not it makes you feel tired after you take it ? " Lloyd asked . "  I guess I do n't really think about how I 'm feeling when I take it , " Kennedy replied . "  I take it , and then I 'm asleep . " The jury has heard testimony from 15 witnesses in the case , and could begin its deliberations Thursday . Defense attorney William Aronwald told CNN Wednesday afternoon that a forensic pharmacologist was the only remaining defense witness . Sitting in court was Kennedy 's mother , Ethel Kennedy , and younger sister Rory , who was a defense witness . Kennedy said she used zolpidem for travel across time zones but had never taken it in the morning . She testified that she normally kept the 10 mg pills in a sealed plastic bag in the medicine cabinet , away from her thyroid medication , but on July 13 , 2012 , she had both medications on the vanity because she was packing for a trip . The night before the accident , Kennedy said on the stand , she 'd been to a cocktail party but did not drink because she was driving home . Kennedy opened her testimony speaking about her family background , saying that she was raised by her mother after her father died when she was 8 years old . "  He was killed when he was running for president , " she said . Under direct examination by her lawyer , Gerald Lefcourt , Kennedy described her human rights work and her healthy lifestyle , saying she visited the gym often and kept an organic garden . At the start of her defense case Tuesday , Kennedy watched with a smile as Rory Kennedy described their close relationship . "  She 's really my best friend , " Rory Kennedy on the stand . When asked about her sister 's reputation for truthfulness , she said , "  She wrote the book called ` Speak Truth to Power ' about her commitment to justice and truth , and that 's what she has devoted her life to . " Trial opens with video of sobriety tests , claim of ` sleep driving ' A growing group of supporters has sat in the rows behind the defendant throughout the two trial days , including sister Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , brothers Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Douglas Kennedy , and their mother , who is 85 . Jurors heard from Bradley Molloy , a drug-detection specialist with New York State Police who evaluated Kennedy after the crash . Some three hours after she allegedly failed three roadside sobriety tests , Kennedy passed those same tests with flying colors , testified Molloy . Finding no signs of intoxication , Molloy instead began to suspect that Kennedy 's car accident and disoriented state had been the result of a medical condition , he said . Kennedy herself was also worried , and asked for a vial of the blood drawn from her at Northern Westchester Hospital , said Molloy : "  She was concerned and she wanted to know what happened to her . " Kennedy remained at the hospital overnight for observation . During opening statements Monday , Assistant District Attorney Stefanie DeNise said that even if Kennedy , 54 , had taken the sleep aid unintentionally , she had a responsibility to pull her vehicle off the road safely when she began to feel its effects . Lefcourt disputed that argument , saying Kennedy had no time to react . "  The zolpidem kicks in , it shuts her down , she 's in a state of ` sleep driving , ' " he said . Tuesday , jurors watched another member of Kennedy 's defense team spar with an expert witness about the effects of the drug . Laboratory director Elizabeth Pratt conceded that zolpidem is "  a very potent , fast-acting hypnotic , " that begins to hamper cognitive ability and motor skills within 15-45 minutes . Its effect on Kennedy would have peaked at around 9 a.m. , testified Pratt , roughly the time Kennedy failed an initial round of sobriety tests by police after a motorist called 911 . Pratt was asked by prosecutor Lloyd whether zolpidem is a "  knock-out pill , " and replied that the drug would need time to enter the blood stream and brain before it takes full effect . "  And , prior to the time the drug takes effect , does a person still have brain function ? Do they still have decision-making ability ? " asked Lloyd . "  Yes , " replied Pratt . If convicted , Kennedy could face up to one year in prison .	NEW : "  If I 'd realized I was impaired , I would have pulled over , " she tells prosecutor Kerry Kennedy , daughter of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , was in an accident in 2012 She drove away from the accident scene , and was found collapsed in her SUV Kennedy is on trial on a misdemeanor charge of driving while intoxicated
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A key transit link for NATO and U.S. military supplies into Afghanistan is expected to reopen in the next two days , a Pakistani military official told CNN Wednesday . Containers bearing supplies for US-led forces and NATO in Afghanistan pass through Pakistan . The supply routes in the Khyber Pass were closed on Tuesday after Pakistani forces launched an operation against Taliban militants in the country 's tribal regions , Pakistani military sources said . NATO and U.S. military supplies were being re-routed , mostly air-lifted , the sources said . The operation is an attempt to halt militant attacks on NATO supply trucks , and recent attacks on several girls ' schools in the Khyber region . The Khyber Pass -- an ancient , three-mile pass which links Pakistan to Afghanistan through the Hindu Kush mountain range -- has traditionally been a vital route into Afghanistan . Eight people -- two suspected Taliban militants and six civilians -- died in Tuesday 's fighting which involved military helicopter gunships , according to Pakistani intelligence sources . The fighting took place near the town of Jamrud . The U.S. military praised Pakistan 's incursion . "  We are pleased with the operation to clear out insurgent in the areas adjacent to the pass so our supplies can go unhindered , " U.S. forces in Afghanistan said in a released statement . "  This temporary delay will result in the long-term gains for all that use that passage route . There is no immediate impact in our ability to provide supplies to the troops . " NATO countries are working on plans with countries in the north -- including Azerbaijan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan -- for possible new supply routes . Earlier this month , suspected Taliban militants attacked cargo terminals in Peshawar , Pakistan -- which sits along the transit route -- destroying NATO military vehicles carrying supplies bound for Afghanistan , Peshawar police said . It followed at least five other attacks against NATO and U.S. supply lines in previous weeks . Last month , Pakistani officials suspended travel through the mountain pass , citing security concerns . They reversed their decision a day later .	Pakistan launches operations against Taliban militants in Afghan border region Operation closes Khyber Pass , a key transit link for NATO military supplies Eight people -- two suspected Taliban militants and six civilians -- killed Operation follows attacks against convoys ; road to reopen soon
CNN  -- The founder of the shuttered file-sharing site Megaupload appeared in a New Zealand court Monday , as the U.S. Department of Justice seeks to extradite him and other company officials on criminal charges . But his lawyer insisted his client is innocent . The U.S. authorities shut down Megaupload last week and announced indictments against seven people connected to the site , accusing them of operating an "  international organized criminal enterprise responsible for massive worldwide online piracy of copyrighted works . " Four of those charged were arrested in New Zealand at the request of the U.S. government . They included Kim Dotcom , the site 's founder , who is also known as Kim Schmitz . The New Zealand police detained Dotcom , a German citizen , on Friday after a dramatic raid on his luxury mansion in the affluent North Shore area of Auckland , the country 's largest city . In a packed court on Monday , Dotcom 's lawyer , Paul Davison , argued that his client was innocent and should be granted bail . "  Mr. Dotcom emphatically denies any criminal misconduct or wrongdoing and denies the existence of any ` mega-conspiracy , ' " Davison said in the North Shore District Court . But the New Zealand government prosecutors , acting on behalf of the U.S. authorities , argued that Dotcom 's bail request should be denied because he presented an "  extreme " flight risk . Dotcom is a resident of both New Zealand and Hong Kong . Anne Toohey , the prosecuting lawyer , said Dotcom had chartered private planes , helicopters and yachts in the past . "  This kind of access to private transportation is a significant issue in terms of flight , " she told the court . Megaupload , which traffic-tracking service Alexa ranked as the world 's 72nd most visited website before it was taken down , allowed users to share and download files -- many of which were copyrighted works made available for download without permission , according to the U.S. authorities . They said the operation had generated more than $ 175 million in illegal profits through advertising revenue and the sale of premium memberships . Authorities have seized the company 's servers and domain names and frozen $ 50 million in assets . Among the company 's assets were 18 luxury vehicles seized by the New Zealand police in the raid on Dotcom 's mansion , including several top-end Mercedes , a Rolls Royce Phantom and a 1959 pink Cadillac . Davison said that without access to his assets or travel documents , Dotcom did not present a realistic flight risk . He also noted that his client wanted to stay in New Zealand with his pregnant wife and children . He criticized the "  aggressive " approach taken by the police and prosecutors in accusing and detaining Dotcom , saying it had "  amplified the nature and gravity of this alleged offending beyond any reality . " He suggested it had created "  a real misunderstanding and misconception of the business of Megaupload . " The judge at the hearing reserved his decision on the bail request for Dotcom and the other Megaupload officials -- Finn Batato , Mathias Ortmann and Bram van der Kolk -- until Tuesday or Wednesday . Despite the charges against him , Dotcom appeared "  really calm " in court , said Emma Brannam , a reporter for TV3 New Zealand , who attended the proceedings . He remained quiet during the hearing and did n't turn to look at the dozens of Megaupload supporters who were watching from the public gallery , she said .	The U.S. shut down Megaupload and announced indictments against seven people The site 's founder , Kim Dotcom , and three others appear before a New Zealand court Dotcom 's lawyer says his client denies the charges , criticizing the authorities ' approach Prosecutors say Dotcom presents an "  extreme " flight risk and should not be granted bail
Washington  CNN  -- It was just a few words and a joke at that . But Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas broke his seven-year long silence on Monday when he spoke at oral arguments . He made fun of lawyers from Yale , his law school alma mater . Thomas has become known for rarely commenting on cases from the bench , another reflection of the complex and often misunderstood personality of the court 's only African-American jurist . On Monday , the justices were hearing an argument about the state of Louisiana 's delay in paying for counsel for a death penalty defendant . Should that count against the state for the purposes of the right to a speedy trial ? A lawyer for the state was making the case for the inmate 's appointed counsel , saying the woman was "  more than qualified " and "  very impressive . " "  She was graduate of Yale Law School , was n't she ? " said Justice Antonin Scalia in apparent support , noting another member of the legal team went to Harvard . The next words were hard to hear in the back-and-forth between the justices . But Thomas made a joke about the competence of Yale lawyers when compared to their Harvard colleagues , according to two witnesses . Six members of the current high court attended Harvard Law School . Thomas , Samuel Alito and Sonia Sotomayor attended Yale . Sotomayor describes life journey in new memoir The official transcript released by the court does not capture the flavor of the colorful exchange . But the lawyer arguing before the court was apparently not pleased . "  I would refute that , Justice Thomas , " said Carla Sigler , the assistant district attorney in Lake Charles , Louisiana . The rest of the time , Thomas kept his own counsel as he is known to do . "  One thing I 've demonstrated often in 16 years is you can do this job without asking a single question , " he recalled in a speech five years ago . Written opinions remain the main way the court expresses itself . But the current court is known as a "  hot bench " for the busy back-and-forth rhetorical scrum during arguments . Eight of the justices compete for time to make their questions and views known . Thomas does occasionally speak from the bench when announcing opinions he has written , but before arguments commence . Off the bench in friendly audiences , he can be gregarious , inquisitive and often self-reflective . He has a booming voice , and his hearty laugh is easily recognizable . Some scholars have said Thomas ' aversion to talking has reached epic heights . A study of transcripts by Timothy Johnson of the University of Minnesota found in the past four decades , no justice besides Thomas had failed to speak at least once during an entire 12-month term . The last time he spoke was February 22 , 2006 , during a capital appeal .	Clarence Thomas known for remaining quiet during oral arguments On Monday , he joked about lawyers educated at Yale , his alma mater Current Supreme Court known as ` hot bench ' for the rhetorical scrum during arguments
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Washington lobbyist Vicki Iseman has dropped her libel suit against The New York Times , the paper announced Thursday . Lobbyist Vicki Iseman has dropped her libel suit against The New York Times . The Times said the paper did not retract the article and that the lawsuit was settled without payment . Instead , the paper will allow Iseman 's lawyers to "  give their views on the suit " on the paper 's Web site . The lawyers wrote that the negotiation process with the newspaper was "  rational " and led to "  a civilized resolution . " The defamation suit contended that the Times improperly suggested in a lengthy February 2008 article that Iseman had begun an affair with John McCain in 1999 , before McCain undertook his first presidential run . Iseman 's lawyers also said the article implied that she unethically profited from her relationship with McCain . McCain and his advisers used the article and its use of unnamed sources to blast the Times as biased against the then-presidential candidate as he cruised to the Republican nomination . The two sides issued a joint statement on the paper 's Web site stating that "  Ms. Iseman has accepted The Times ' explanation , which will appear in a Note to Readers to be published in the newspaper on Feb. 20 , that the article did not state , and The Times did not intend to conclude , that Ms. Iseman had engaged in a romantic affair with Senator McCain or an unethical relationship on behalf of her clients in breach of the public trust . " The paper quotes Times Executive Editor Bill Keller as saying the lawsuit "  was settled without money changing hands , and without The Times backing away from the story . "	Lawsuit was settled without change to story or payment New York Times wrote article suggesting Vicki Iseman had affair with John McCain A Times ' explanation about story will appear in a Note to Readers February 20 McCain , advisers said article , unnamed sources showed Times was biased
CNN  -- Millions of people are expected to go to Washington to celebrate Barack Obama 's inauguration on January 20 , but with a troubled economy and pocketbook issues on the mind , the president-elect must be careful to set the right tone . Construction of the inaugural stand continues in front of the White House last week . President Bush raised a record $ 42.8 million dollars for his second inauguration , and according to Public Citizen , more than 90 percent of the donations to that ceremony were from executives or corporations . But this year , some say throwing a multimillion-dollar party would be unseemly in a time when crash , bailout , and foreclosure fill the economic headlines . "  A lot of it is about tone and making sure that the celebrations that do take place are not over the top , that they do n't appear to be insensitive to the pain people have right now , " said Ryan Alexander , president of Taxpayers for Common Sense . The inaugural committee for Obama and Vice President-elect Joe Biden has pledged to make sure the ceremony underscores the incoming administration 's "  commitment to change business as usual in Washington . " The Presidential Inaugural Committee has limited individual contributions to $ 50,000 . There is no law restricting the size of donations , but in the past , inaugural committees have set contribution limits as high as $ 250,000 . The PIC said it will not take contributions from corporations , political action committees , current federally registered lobbyists , non-U.S. citizens or registered foreign agents . Obama has promised to "  take power away from the corporate lobbyists " -- a pledge that would be questioned should the president-elect rely on them to foot his inauguration bill . "  If he can pay for these parties with small donations , I think there 'd be a lot more acceptance of that , " Alexander said . Watchdog groups say there are some things Obama can do to take control of the tone . For example , he could make donations to charity , and Michelle Obama could opt for something more reasonably priced than a designer dress . When Franklin D. Roosevelt took office , he also faced a financial crisis . He gave voters a now famous pep talk about the failing economy , then skipped the fancy inaugural balls because they sent the wrong message . But analysts say Obama 's not expected to go that far because so many people want to celebrate his historic win . "  Washington , D.C. , was pro-Obama and had Obama-mania long before November 4 . But the moment November 4 occurred , all -- all craziness sort of broke loose , " said Anne Schroeder Mullini , a gossip columnist for Politico . As inauguration organizers work to keep the tone in check , they are speaking out against those trying to make money by scalping tickets to the event . Tickets for the inauguration are distributed through members of Congress , and just 240,000 seats are available for the actual swearing-in ceremony . The tickets are supposed to be free , but with demand outpacing supply , a traditional giveaway has turned into a thriving online marketplace . Legitimate ticket brokers -- the same companies that peddle tickets to rock concerts and NASCAR races -- are selling tickets to the inauguration for thousands of dollars , even for standing-room areas on the National Mall . California Sen. Dianne Feinstein wants to make that practice a crime , punishable by up to a year in prison . Organizers of the inauguration say it violates the spirit of the event and could spell disappointment for people who buy tickets for the ceremony . "  We think it 's absolutely insane to be selling those tickets . We understand some people want to make a buck , but for those people thinking of buying tickets , it 's buyer beware , " warned Howard Gantman , staff director of the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies . CNN 's Carol Costello , Brianna Keilar and Erica Hill contributed to this report .	President Bush raised a record $ 42.8 million dollars for his second inauguration Barack Obama has limited individual donations to $ 50,000 Some say an extravagant celebration would be out of place , considering economy Inauguration organizers say ticket scalping violates the spirit of the event
CNN  -- What does a sporting legend do when they walk away from the cut and thrust , the adrenaline fueled buzz of top flight competition ? In many cases they make a comeback in an attempt to rediscover former glories and some like tennis player Kim Clijsters , who won three more grand slams , make a success of it . But more often than not in ends in failure , with seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher , who quit for the second time at the end of this season , and multiple world boxing champion Ricky Hatton , knocked out in his comeback fight , recent notable examples . In golfer Annika Sorenstam 's case , you get "  busier than I 've ever been " and pursue a business career while running a foundation and looking after a young family -- all with the inner drive and determination that took her to the top in her chosen sport . Her decision to quit back in 2008 came as a shock . She was only 38 and still a contender at the highest levels , but once she made the break it was total and final . Her last competitive event was in Dubai in December of that year and she has not trod the professional fairway since , marrying her second husband , Mike McGee , in 2009 . They have two young children , Ava born that year and William in 2011 , who arrived 13 weeks premature , but thankfully with no ill effects . But through her commercial and golf design interests , promoting the ANNIKA brand of clothing , Sorenstam is still heavily involved in the game she loves . Timing in business just like golf is everything and the Swede told CNN that launching new ventures in a global recession was "  tough . " Growing portfolio But she was not going to allow something as trivial as economic turmoil to divert her from her goals and Sorenstam has put her name to a growing portfolio of signature golf courses , mostly in Asia . Back at home in Orlando , Florida is the base for her academy , where players of all standards can sign up for tuition , and her non-profit making foundation , which offers young golfers opportunities to fulfill their potential . She also has an interest in a winery and financial group , as well as making occasional appearances on the Golf Channel . Like her male counterparts such as Arnold Palmer and Greg Norman , who have built up business empires off the course , Sorenstam believes the work ethic is the key . "  There are a lot of similarities with the things I learned on the golf course , such as focus and determination , " she told CNN . "  Without drive and vision you ca n't start anything , it 's a little bit in you . " Sorenstam retired just at the time when Asian players were beginning to dominate the LPGA Tour , including World No. 1 Yani Tseng , who the Swede has mentored . It helps they are near neighbors in Lake Nona . "  I share my experience of what it 's like to be at the top , to always look at the big picture , " said Sorenstam . Asian success She believes that the wave of success that Tseng and others from the region are riding , will continue after Asian players won all four of the women 's majors in 2012 . "  They have tremendous support from their families , are prepared to start practicing at seven o'clock in the morning and stay there all day , " said Sorenstam . The introduction of golf at the 2016 Rio Olympics -- Sorenstam was in the delegation which presented to the IOC -- will she believes further fuel the ambition of women golfers from all over the world to challenge the traditional American domination of the LPGA Tour . Sorenstam led the charge of overseas players during her glittering career , which saw her win 72 LPGA events , including 10 majors , and 21 other tournaments . She is the career leading money winner at over $ 22 million and broke new ground by becoming the first woman in 58 years to compete in a men 's PGA Tour event . Her appearance at the 2003 Colonial in Texas put women 's golf to the top of the sporting headlines and despite narrowly missing the cut , Sorenstam did enough to earn the respect of her male counterparts . "  I wanted to challenge myself , to get better , to learn from the best in the world , to push myself to the extreme . " Boost interest Where Sorenstam led , others like Michelle Wie followed in men 's events , but she knows that the LPGA still has a long way to go to match the coverage given to the PGA Tour . To boost interest , she would like to see the two tours run combined events as the same venue as happens with ATP and WTA tennis tournaments . "  It would be great for fans " and would pave the way for more equality in prize money she believes . The 42-year-old was recently named vice-captain to fellow Swede Liselotte Neumann for the 2013 Solheim Cup in Colorado . She performed the same role as Europe beat the United States in the biennial team event in Ireland in 2011 . But is she ever tempted to make a playing comeback ? "  I think about when I turn on the golf on TV , " she admitted . "  I remember what it was like to come down the stretch in the lead , but then I look at my kids and know that I am happy where I am in my life . "  To play with my husband and two children would be my favorite foursome now . " Juggling the demands of a busy professional and business life , her diary is hectic , and finding time for her young family , would test anybody . But one has the feeling that Sorenstam is totally committed to her new life away from professional sport and wild horses could not drag her back on the fairways of the world .	Annika Sorenstam retired from professional golf in 2008 at only 38 She won 93 tournaments including 10 majors in glittering career The American-based Swede is building a business empire Sorenstam is married with two young children
CNN  -- A blast from the steam whistle on a cherry-red locomotive sends a gathering of locals on a platform scuttling with delight in the town of Durán , Ecuador . It 's a sound many in this town on the tropical Pacific plain have n't heard in years . Some never have . A restored , century-old steam locomotive grinds slowly out from its rail shed . Vapor from its smokestack hangs in the humid air surrounding Durán Station . In a few days , that vapor will crystallize in the freezing temperatures of the Ecuadorian Andes as the throwback Tren Crucero threads its way past giant snow-capped peaks into the realm of condors , volcanoes and Andean legend . Great steam train revived Trains in Ecuador have been virtually moribund since the late 1990s . "  Strong winter rains of El Niño in 1982 destroyed a stretch of the railroad between Huigra and Bucay , " says Slav Ivanov of Ferrocariles del Ecuador , the train 's operators . "  Further damage occurred during El Niño floods during the 1990s . " By 2008 , only about 10 % of the Ecuadorian train network was operational . Since then , the Ecuadorean government has spent some $ 280 million revamping the national railway . The flagship of the railway 's renaissance is Tren Crucero , a revamped luxury steam train operating a new cross-Andean service between Guayaquil and the capital of Quito  at 2,849 meters the highest capital city in the world  . Tren Crucero -- literally "  cruise train " -- follows a 453-kilometer  282 mile  narrow-gauge line originally constructed between 1897 and 1908 along Ecuador 's Andean spine . The railway was built to connect Ecuador 's two major cities : Quito in the Andes and Guayaquil along the Pacific . Now as then , it 's one of the most thrilling railway journeys in the world . Today 's luxurious four-day , three-night journey targets foreign tourists and affluent Ecuadorians . Tickets cost $ 1,200 for adults  $ 952 for children  and include all hotels and excursions en route . The train 's newly purchased carriages , built in Madrid , are pulled by restored steam locomotives . The oldest dates to 1900 and was engineered by American manufacturer Baldwin of Pennsylvania . One of the locomotive 's engineers is 52-year-old Edgar Garces , a 28-year employee with Ecuador 's national railway company . "  I did n't think I 'd see the cross-Andean train running again in my lifetime , " he says . Few others did . Tourism revamps trains , communities Ecuador 's government wants Tren Crucero to boost economically depressed communities along its route through tourism . From Guayaquil into the Guayas coastal plain , abandoned settlements such as Casiguana testify to the economic malaise . This former orange-growing village was deserted when the railway 's demise severed its trade link to Guayaquil . Further up the line , in Yaguachi , 75-year-old Alejandro Diaz-Lopez waits track-side for Tren Crucero , plucking his guitar and singing ballads about the train . "  I sing a song for the train ; for the president ; for the tourists who now bring our community money , " he says . Tren Crucero 's most exhilarating section is a series of precipitous switchbacks that enable the train to ascend 2,945 meters  9,662 feet  in just 56 kilometers  34 miles  around a mountainside called the Devil 's Nose . By 1908 , this hazardous section had taken four years to build and contributed to more than 4,000 deaths among workers , including 2,730 Jamaican laborers . At Alausi , a town of largely Quechua indigenous inhabitants , 30-year-old Rosita Logrono sells beautiful hand-knitted llama wool garments at the station 's newly created souvenir bazaar . "  Before the railway returned I only had part-time work and could n't send my children to school , " she says . "  Since the trains returned life is much better . " Avenue of the Volcanoes is highlight The journey to Quito passes 10 volcanoes along the so-called Avenue of Volcanoes . The highest point  3,609 meters/11 ,480 feet  comes on day three at Urbina , where a new visitor 's center has been built . Here , the last iceman of Chimborazo greets passengers . Balthasar Uscha , 69 , has cut ice from Chimborazo volcano 's flanks for 50 years ; at 6,310 meters  20,100 feet  Chimborazo is Ecuador 's highest mountain . Taking into account the planet 's equatorial bulge , Chimborazo 's summit is further from the Earth 's core than Everest . Uscha 's glacial ice once chilled the drinks of coastal dwellers . But refrigeration has put the ice cutters out of business . He says he represents the last survivor of his profession . Last stop , but not the end of the line Tren Crucero passengers disembark each night and stay in local hotels . The final night 's accommodation is La Cienaga , a glorious Spanish hacienda built 1695 . The great naturalist , Alexander von Humboldt , who stayed here 1802 , coined the term "  Avenue of Volcanoes . " The hacienda is located within view of snow-capped Cotopaxi ; at 5,879 meters  19,300 feet  , it 's one of the highest active volcanoes in the world . The final day begins at Latacunga . The city has been destroyed on three occasions by eruptions from Cotopaxi , which historically erupts about every century . Now overdue , the last eruption to destroy Latacunga was in 1904 . Thoughts of such calamities , however , are far away . As the train rumbles into its last stop at Quito , only the bright sun of restoration shines on the rails and the faces of disembarking passengers , thrilled to have completed one of the great -- and largely undiscovered -- journeys in the world . The 280-mile journey from Quito to Guayaquil takes four days and three nights  with stops and hotels included  , crosses Ecuador 's Andes and passes from moorlands through cloud forests to tropical coastal landscapes ; $ 1,270 adults , $ 952 children . For more information , schedules and tickets on Tren Crucero , visit Ecuador by Train .	By 2008 only 10 % of Ecuador 's train lines were operational Ecuadorean government has spent $ 280 million revamping national railway network Its flagship Tren Crucero follows a 453-kilometer line along Andean spine Highlight is the Avenue of Volcanoes
CNN  -- Defending champions Germany were sent tumbling to a stunning 1-0 extra-time defeat by outsiders Japan in the women 's World Cup Saturday . Japan had never beaten a European team and went into the quarterfinal in Wolfsburg as long-odds outsiders . But the hosts , roared on by a capacity and partisan crowd , could not press home their territorial advantage and grew increasingly frustrated . The winning goal came in the 108th minute as Japan captain Homare Sawa sent away substitute Karina Maruyama who scored with a brilliantly angled shot past Germany goalkeeper Nadine Angerer . The home side strained every sinew for an equalizer to force penalties , but came up short . It was the two-time defending champions first defeat in the competition since 1999 , having won 14 of their previous 15 matches . Japan will now face either Australia or Sweden , who meet on Sunday , for a place in the final . Earlier , France won a dramatic penalty shootout against England to reach the semifinals of the global competition for the first time . The talented French team will play either Brazil or the United States in the semifinals . The match in Leverkusen ended 1-1 after extra-time but the French were deserved winners after dominating the latter stages of the match with superior technique and passing ability . Jill Scott put England ahead just before the hour mark and they looked headed for the last four until the excellent Elise Bussaglia scored the equalizer for France two minutes from the end of regulation play . England had the early advantage in the penalties decider as Karen Bardsley saved the first French effort from Camille Abily . But Claire Rafferty 's weak effort saw the French restore parity and when Faye White blasted her effort onto the crossbar it was the end of England 's campaign , losing the shootout 4-3 . "  To get to penalties we did well . It was just unfortunate we missed two , " England coach Hope Powell told BBC Sport . "  It was just tired legs . At the end we were dead on our feet . Unfortunately when it came down to penalties you have to applaud France . " Her side were boosted when Everton midfielder Scott blasted her second goal of the tournament , but her Paris St.Germain counterpart Bussaglia leveled as her shot curled in off the post . England , sporadically dangerous on the break , had the best chance in extra time , but Ellen White shot into the side netting from a a good position .	NEW : Hosts Germany stunned by Japan in Women 's World Cup Karina Maruyama scores only goal of the match in extra-time France beat England 4-3 on penalties in earlier quarterfinal Match ends 1-1 after extra time after late equalizer from France 's Elise Bussaglia
CNN  A female juror in the murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez was dismissed Tuesday by Bristol County Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh for talking about the case . The juror had said it would be difficult to convict the ex-player without a murder weapon and discussed inadmissible evidence , Garsh noted . The judge dismissed the juror after ordering the public out of the Massachusetts courtroom for a hearing that included defense lawyers , prosecutors , witnesses and the juror . The closed-door session was "  no broader than necessary to protect Hernandez 's right to a fair trial , " Garsh said . After the hearing , Garsh also said there was "  credible evidence " that the dismissed juror had expressed interest in being part of the Hernandez jury and had attended more Patriots games than the juror admitted on a questionnaire . "  The juror 's recollection of conversations is not supported by the credible evidence , " the judge said . The juror 's presence on the jury "  posed a substantial risk " to the fairness of the trial , she added , and the dismissal was necessary in "  the best interest of justice . " Hernandez , 25 , pleaded not guilty in the 2013 killing of former semipro football player Odin Lloyd , 27 , who dated the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . Two alleged accomplices , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . The trial resumed Tuesday afternoon , with Shaneah Jenkins , 23 , who was dating Lloyd at the time of his death , returning to the witness stand . Her sister , Shayanna , is Hernandez 's fiancee and mother of his child . On Tuesday , Shaneah Jenkins broke into tears when she recalled a call from a state trooper with word that "  Odin was dead . " Shaneah Jenkins testified that she later visited her sister and saw Hernandez , who placed his hand on her shoulder to console her . Hernandez told her "  he 's been through this death thing before and it would all get better with time , " she testified . After Hernandez left the home , Shaneah Jenkins testified , her sister Shayanna kept receiving cell phone calls and text messages . Shaneah Jenkins said her sister seemed "  secretive , " her responses "  very short . " Shayanna Jenkins would go to the basement to continue the conversations , her sister testified . One time , Shaneah Jenkins told the jury , her sister went down to the basement with what appeared to be a new garbage bag folded in her hand . Shayanna later left the house , returned and asked to borrow her sister 's car , Shaneah Jenkins testified . The sister , who had never borrowed Shaneah Jenkins ' car before , said she was going to the bank to get money for the housekeepers , according to Shaneah Jenkins . Last week , Shaneah Jenkins testified that she introduced Lloyd to Hernandez on her birthday in August 2012 . Jenkins told the jury that Lloyd and Hernandez were in the "  beginning stages of a friendship . " She said the two men and others would gather in Hernandez 's basement "  man cave " -- with fitness and theater rooms , a bar and pool table emblazoned with the Patriots ' logo -- to smoke marijuana . But Jenkins said she was not aware of her boyfriend and Hernandez ever getting together outside of the home except for the day Lloyd was killed . In opening statements Thursday , defense lawyer Michael Fee said the two men were close friends and that Hernandez had no reason to kill Lloyd . Fee described the victim as one of his client 's "  partying pals " who was known as the "  blunt master " for the marijuana cigars he often procured for Hernandez . The two men could have been brothers-in-law , he said . "  Aaron Hernandez is not the murderer of his friend , " Fee said . "  In June 2013 , Aaron Hernandez was planning his future , not a murder . " The case has divided the Jenkins sisters , who sit on opposite sides of the courtroom -- Shaneah with Lloyd 's mother and Shayanna with Hernandez 's family . Prosecutor Patrick Bomberg has told the jury that Hernandez not only orchestrated the killing , but also participated in it and covered it up . Bomberg summed up the prosecution 's largely circumstantial case , telling the jury that Hernandez and his associates killed Lloyd and then "  took evidence with them and tried to and , in some cases , were successful in destroying evidence . " The three picked up Lloyd and drove to a secluded area where he was shot and killed , Bomberg said . A marijuana blunt found near Lloyd 's body had traces of both his DNA and that of Hernandez , Bomberg said . Hernandez 's DNA also was found on a .45 - caliber shell casing found in a car he had rented . A footprint at the industrial park where Lloyd 's body was found matched sneakers worn by Hernandez , the prosecutor said . Lloyd , who was shot six times , was shown in photos on his back in the industrial park where his body was found . The defense said the one-time NFL star worth $ 40 million was targeted by police and prosecutors in the death of the semipro football player because of celebrity status . Hernandez "  never had a chance " as authorities zeroed in , Fee told the jury . "  As soon as they found out Aaron Hernandez -- a celebrity football player for the New England Patriots -- was a friend of Odin Lloyd 's , it was over , " he said . On June 16 , 2013 , Lloyd was riding with friends in a black Chevrolet Suburban , which police later learned was rented by Hernandez . Close friend Daryl Hodge was with Lloyd when he said Lloyd got a text from Hernandez , asking to hang out later that night . As they parted ways , Lloyd told Hodge he 'd see him later . Lloyd 's body was found the next day . The judge has blocked any mention that Hernandez was indicted in two other killings in Boston . Hernandez pleaded not guilty in the shooting deaths of Ernesto Abreu and Safiro Furtado outside a bar in Boston in 2012 . A trial date has n't been set . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	Judge rules there is credible evidence juror talked about case Bristol County Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh dismisses a female juror Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the death of Odin Lloyd
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The regime of ousted leader Moammar Gadhafi and the rebel government -- the National Transitional Council -- have both committed war crimes during the conflict in Libya and someone needs to take control to stop abuses from continuing , Amnesty International said in a report released Tuesday . The 112-page report detailed many examples of abuses by the Gadhafi loyalists , which included "  mass killing of prisoners , torture , enforced disappearances , and arbitrary arrests . " The report also spotlighted what Amnesty called a problem with the National Transitional Council in controlling divergent groups of anti-Gadhafi fighters . A researcher on Libya for Amnesty International , Diana Eltahawy , told CNN she had overheard screams of pain and the sounds of whipping on a recent visit to a Libyan detention center . "  It is the responsibility of the National  Transitional  Council to investigate these crimes , " she said . "  We have called on them as Amnesty International to put the judicial processes in place and to make sure that they get a grip on the various armed groups that are currently conducting arrests outside the framework of the law . " The report said rebel fighters have conducted revenge attacks on prisoners and , at one point , conducted house-to-house raids killing people they thought were Gadhafi mercenaries . "  The NTC is facing a difficult task of reining in opposition fighters and vigilante groups responsible for serious human rights abuses , including possible war crimes ; but has shown unwillingness to hold them accountable , " the report says . "  So far , NTC officials have not provided details of any measures taken to address such concerns . " Gadhafi officials could not immediately be reached for comment on the report . The NTC released a statement about the report Tuesday . "  The Amnesty report is overwhelmingly filled with the horrific abuses and killings by the Gaddafi regime , however there are a small number of incidents involving those opposed to Gaddafi , the NTC strongly condemns any abuses perpetrated by either side , " the statement said . "  The NTC is firmly committed to upholding human rights and the rule of law , both international and local , the violation of rights no longer has a place in Libya . " Amnesty said it was up to the NTC to fix these issues . "  It is a war crime for any party to a conflict to kill prisoners , " Amnesty said . "  The onus now is on the NTC to do things differently , end abuses and initiate the human rights reforms that are urgently needed . " Eltahawy said an Amnesty International team had visited about eight detention centers in western Libya , including in Tripoli and Zawiya , where about 2,300 prisoners were held . "  Many of them told us that they were beaten , some were tortured , " Eltahawy said . "  In fact , when I was in one of these detention centers I could overhear prisoners screaming in pain and I could overhear the sounds of whipping -- and this was when an Amnesty International delegate is inside the facility . You can imagine what takes place outside this oversight . " The Amnesty report comes a day after the country 's interim leader gave a speech from Tripoli and promised to rebuild Libya 's institutions and justice system . "  We aim to establish a state of law , a state of welfare , a state where Islamic Sharia law is the main source of legislation , " said Mustafa Abdel Jalil , chairman of the NTC . "  This matter requires several things , primarily unity of classes and non division and the soul rejection of hatred and envy -- not taking law into your own hands . " Jalil was justice minister under Gadhafi before defecting to join the opposition in February . The head of the NTC spoke the same day Gadhafi purportedly vowed to "  kill until victory " in a message read by an anchor at the Syria-based television station Al-Rai . Al-Rai , a privately owned station that has , in recent weeks , taken over for Libyan state media in fulfilling a role as Gadhafi 's mouthpiece , had previously reported that it would air a message from the former leader . Because of security concerns , the station decided to delay the broadcast of the video , the anchor said . Instead , he read a statement that Al-Rai attributed to Gadhafi . "  Libyan people have no option but to defeat the coup attempt against the revolution . We can not surrender our land to the French people so that they may enjoy it . And we can not become subjects after we were rulers in local committees and local meetings , " the statement said . "  We can not surrender Libya to imperialism once again like the agents/spies want us to now . So we have no option but to kill until victory and to destroy this attempted overthrow . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Salma Abdelaziz , Jill Dougherty , Ingrid Formanek , Kareem Khadder , Ian Lee , Raja Razek and Phil Black contributed to this report .	NEW : Amnesty International staffer tells of hearing screams and whipping of prisoners Moammar Gadhafi loyalists engage in "  mass killing of prisoners , " a report alleges The NTC is having a problem stopping abuses by rebel fighters , the report says The NTC responds , condemning "  any abuses perpetrated by either side "
Lausanne , Switzerland  CNN  Talks to reach a deal on a framework agreement on Iran 's nuclear program will be extended an extra day , U.S. officials said Tuesday . " We 've made enough progress in the last days to merit staying until Wednesday . There are several difficult issues still remaining , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the talks in Lausanne would continue another day as "  long as the conversations continue to be productive . " Diplomats and negotiators worked late as an initial deadline approached , but more time appeared necessary to reach a framework deal . How long talks will continue was unclear . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius informed the Iranians that he will return to Paris at dawn Wednesday in an apparent effort to force the Iranians ' hand , Western diplomatic sources told CNN . Hamid Ba'idinejad from Iran 's Foreign Ministry said earlier Tuesday there are no "  artificial " deadlines and a deal will be reached , when each issue has been resolved . Diplomats told CNN that there has been progress , but gaps remain . For Iran , that means there 's a light at the end of the tunnel for crippling sanctions . For the West , it means real hope that it 's possible to loosen up on Tehran while still being confident that it wo n't develop nuclear weapons . The international sanctions relief issue has been resolved , according to Ba'idinejad . "  We have had long discussions on this , but there are issues that are related to sanctions that are still under consideration , " Ba'idinejad said . He added that is not the only issue that needs to be worked out . The thing is , nuclear physics is complicated . So are the international dynamics anytime you 're talking about Iran and the West , with mutual distrust and contempt a shared sentiment for years . That 's why it 's taken so long to even get to this point , and why what 's happening in Lausanne matters . Before you can iron out nitty-gritty technical details in a permanent , comprehensive pact -- which carries the more important deadline of June 30 -- you have to agree on what you 're going to talk about . What happens if Wednesday passes and there 's no framework agreement ? In the short term , it appears , not much . Iran 's power rises , with or without deal The real deadline is n't for three months , after all . As for the March 31 date , there 's nothing to stop the parties from continuing to talk -- though an Iranian official told state-run Press TV that no one had raised the idea of an extension as of late Monday . "  All emphasize that the chance should not be missed , and they are all doing their best , " Ba'idinejad said . So far , there 's been a lot of meetings , with occasional smiles for cameras followed by foreign ministers talking behind closed doors . After working through the previous night , representatives from the key players -- most of them foreign ministers -- met all day Tuesday to try to resolve differences in what Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi described as "  the final stage " of "  these marathon-like negotiations . " The parties are either on the verge of a milestone agreement or still separated on some crucial points , depending on who you listen to . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is among the optimists . Russia has been closer than most to Iran even as it 's gone along with sanctions . "  Prospects for this round of talks are not bad , I would even say good , " Lavrov said before heading to Switzerland for the final round of negotiations , according to state-run Sputnik news agency . "  The chances are high . " But in comments Monday to CNN , a more cautious Kerry conceded there was "  a little more light there today , but there are still some tricky issues . " "  There still remain some difficult issues , " the top U.S. diplomat said . "  We are working very hard to work those through ... with a view to get something done . " 21 questions on Iranian nuclear talks Iran has been under intense international pressure and has faced crippling sanctions over its nuclear program for years . The sides began moving away from stalemate with Iranians ' 2013 election of President Hassan Rouhani , who has insisted that Iran wants a peaceful nuclear energy program but not weapons . Viewed as a moderate -- especially compared with other powerful figures in Iran , including the country 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei -- Rouhani campaigned on a platform that he 'd work to help Iran 's economy by reducing its rifts with the outside world . His government has had some success easing those tensions , spearheading interim agreements that have loosened some sanctions . But a comprehensive and final deal has remained elusive . There 's been discussion on what to do with Iran 's existing fissile material -- which is important because , as long as it 's still around , that will make it easier to produce a nuclear weapon more quickly . Still , U.S. officials suggested Monday the debate over this has been overblown , with Harf calling it one outstanding issue though "  it has n't , quite honestly , been one of the toughest ones . " More important are three points that have dominated the talks in Lausanne : • How quickly or slowly Iran will be allowed to advance its nuclear technology in the last five years of the 15-year agreement . • How quickly the crushing U.N. sanctions will go away . • Whether sanctions will snap back into place if Iran violates the deal . Iran wants them gone for good . Lavrov claims that the U.N. Security Council will lift the sanctions right away , but other international negotiators want to merely suspend them , so they can be reapplied as leverage if Iran does not keep its end of the bargain . Agreement on those points is crucial , a Western diplomat said . "  There can not be an agreement if we do not have answers to these questions , " the diplomat said . Another point of contention : what to do with the nuclear substances Iran already has . Diplomats had told journalists about a plan for Iran to ship its fissile material to Russia . The idea is that if Tehran does n't have a nuclear stockpile at its fingertips , it will have a longer "  breakout time " to make a nuclear weapon should negotiations fall apart . Iran is n't ready to do that , one of its negotiators said Sunday . "  The export of stocks of enriched uranium is not in our program , " Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi said , "  and we do not intend to send them abroad . " But on Monday , U.S. officials said the rumblings in the media about the stockpile issue were overblown . Negotiators had not yet decided any specifics about the disposal of fissile material , and Iran has made the comments many times before , a senior State Department official said , citing a list of previous examples of such statements in press reports . With or without a deal , a lot can change in the next three months . For one , the devil is in the details -- any one of which could throw everyone back to square one . Then there 's the possibility that a deal ironed out in Switzerland is rejected by any of the key players . That 's been raised as a possibility in the United States , even though a Washington Post-ABC News Poll conducted in the past few days found that 59 % of respondents support a deal in Iran that would restrict its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of sanctions . Earlier this month , 47 Republican senators wrote directly to the Iranian government , reminding it that any deal it reaches with U.S. President Barack Obama might be moot once his term ends in less than two years . One person leading the charge against a possible deal , even though he 'll have no direct part in shaping it , is Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Reiterating points he made earlier this month to the U.S. Congress , Netanyahu said Tuesday "  the greatest threat to our security and safety and our future is Iranians ' attempt to become nuclear . " "  And the agreement that is being formed in Lausanne , " the Israeli leader said , "  is paving the road to that result . " CNN 's Elise Labott reported from Lausanne , and Steve Almasy and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . Jethro Mullen wrote and reported from Hong Kong . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Jim Sciutto , Nimet Kirac and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Sources tell CNN that French foreign minister has told Iranians he is leaving early Wednesday morning Netanyahu : "  Agreement ... in Lausanne is paving " way for Iran nuclear weapons Iran , world powers talking to set up parameters for framework deal on Iran 's nuclear program
CNN  -- Massachusetts sued the U.S. government on Wednesday , challenging the constitutionality of a federal law that defines marriage as the union of a man and a woman . The state of Massachusetts says the Defense of Marriage Act denies same-sex couples essential rights . "  We 're taking this action today because , first , we believe that -LSB- the Defense of Marriage Act -RSB- directly interferes with Massachusetts ' long-standing sovereign authority to define and regulate the marital status of its residents , " Attorney General Martha Coakley said Wednesday afternoon . "  Massachusetts has a single category of married persons , and we view all married persons equally and identically , " she said . "  DOMA divides that category into two distinct and unequal classes of marriage . " The lawsuit argues that the act , which became law in 1996 , denies same-sex couples essential rights and protections , including federal income tax credits , employment and retirement benefits , health insurance coverage and Social Security payments . "  In enacting DOMA , Congress overstepped its authority , undermined states ' efforts to recognize marriages between same-sex couples , and codified an animus towards gay and lesbian people , " the state wrote in the lawsuit , which was filed Wednesday in federal court . Massachusetts , the first state to legalize gay marriage , said that about 16,000 same-sex couples have been married there since 2004 , when it began issuing marriage licenses . Since that time , the lawsuit said , "  the security and stability of families has been strengthened in important ways throughout the state . " The state is challenging Section 3 of the law , which defines marriage as "  a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife " and a spouse as "  a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife . " Before the act , the lawsuit argues , defining marital status was the prerogative of the states . The law "  eviscerated more than 200 years of federal government deference to the states with respect to defining marriage , " it said . The lawsuit also argues that the law forces Massachusetts to treat same-sex married couples differently from heterosexual married couples , particularly through determining who qualifies for the state 's Medicaid program , known as MassHealth , and whether a same-sex spouse of a veteran can be buried in a veteran cemetery . "  But for DOMA , married individuals in same-sex relationships in the commonwealth would receive the same status , obligations , responsibilities , rights , and protections as married individuals in different-sex relationships under local , state , and federal laws , " the lawsuit said . The defendants named in the lawsuit include the Department of Health and Human Services , Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius , the Department of Veterans Affairs , Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki and the United States itself . Charles Miller , a spokesman for the Department of Justice , said the department will review the case but noted that President Obama supports the legislative repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act . In March , Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders -- the same Boston-based group that successfully argued in 2003 for same-sex marriage rights in Massachusetts -- also sued the federal government over Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act . Besides Massachusetts , three other states recognize same-sex marriages : Connecticut , Maine , and Iowa . Vermont and New Hampshire will join their company when same-sex marriages become legal later this year and early next year .	Lawsuit challenges constitutionality of Defense of Marriage Act Measure defines marriage as between man and woman Attorney General : Law means state ca n't define and regulate marriage Suit says law denies same-sex married couples essential rights , protections
CNN  -- Yes , it looks delicious . The peanut butter and chocolate goodness that is the essence of Reese 's Peanut Butter Cups now comes in a jar . The announcement of Reese 's new spreads came on Election Day - fitting given that the vote is still out on whether this creamy concoction will portend the death of Nutella . Daren Russ , brand manager for Food & Beverage Enhancers with The Hershey Company , said in a statement that the spreads "  offer an authentic Reese 's experience to fans who are looking for delicious snack options throughout the day . " "  Since 1928 , we have been delivering the perfect combination of chocolate and peanut butter , " he said . "  With the launch of Reese 's Spreads , we are honoring our great heritage and bringing consumers a new , but still perfect , way to enjoy the Reese 's brand . " The 13-ounce jar will compliment Hershey 's existing spread flavors including chocolate , chocolate with almond and chocolate with hazelnut . It 's that last combination that has the Huffington Post declaring "  It 's only a matter of time before jars of Nutella get pushed toward the back of grocery shelves and begin collecting dust . " But here 's why you should n't count Nutella out just yet : 1 . It 's sparked crazes in the past The hazelnut spread has literally had people hoarding it . CNN affiliate WABC-TV in New York reported in 2013 that students at Columbia University were costing the school some serious cash by spooning the not-so-cheap delicacy into carryout containers to take back to their dorm rooms . 2 . The love is strong According to its website , Nutella was first imported into the United States more than 25 years ago from Italy . Since then the fan base has spread  see what we just did there ?  to the point that there are tons of sites , Pinterest boards and Tumblrs devoted to it . And , of course , there is a Buzzfeed list to tell you whether you 're addicted to it . There 's even a "  Nutella Love Song " on YouTube , and trust us , this guy really loves the stuff . 3 . The thought of a shortage set off panic When the media reported that a March 2014 frost in Turkey was threatening the hazelnut crop , and could cause a possible Nutella shortage , the hoarding began again . All we can say is : Bring it Reese 's .	New Reese 's spread announced on November 5 It will come in different flavors The hazelnut spread may compete with Nutella
CNN  -- With their nation under high security alert , South Koreans mourned a former leader at a funeral ceremony Friday morning . The hearse carrying Roh Moo-Hyun 's coffin heads for Seoul at Roh 's hometown village of Bonghwa in Gimhae . Officials and dignitaries gathered in Seoul 's Kyungbok Palace to honor former President Roh Moo-Hyun , who committed suicide last week . South Koreans poured into the streets to catch a glimpse of the black Cadillac making a five-and-a-half hour journey from Roh 's home in the village of Bongha to the capital . Some bowed their heads or wept openly . Others , still stunned from the loss , stood quietly in black as the hearse drove by . Scores of Roh 's supporters handed out yellow balloons , the color associated with Roh 's political campaign . Other supporters had posters of Roh 's image that read , "  President in my heart " and "  You are my president . " A person who walked by Roh 's memorial site said , "  Roh understood the difficulties of normal people . We feel he acted like a shield for people with no power . He was the people 's president . " One woman on her way to work in Seoul said : "  He was the first president South Koreans picked with their own hands . " She was referring to the fact that Roh did n't have a big political machine behind him . He won the election in 2002 by razor thin margin and his appeal was that he related to the common person . This week has been marred by grief and tension for South Koreans as they grappled with Roh 's sudden death and renewed threats from North Korea . Following the official ceremony , Roh 's body will be taken to the plaza in front of Seoul 's city hall , where large crowds are expected to say goodbye to a beloved leader . He will be cremated later Friday and the remains carried back by hearse to Bongha . Roh , who served between 2003 and 2008 , jumped from a hill behind his house last Saturday , government officials said . His death came amid an investigation into a bribery scandal that had tarnished his reputation . However , tens of thousands of people have visited memorial shrines for Roh , laying white chrysanthemums in a traditional show of grief and leaving cigarettes on the altars to remember a man who was reported to have taken up smoking during the investigation . In a suicide note given to the media by his lawyer , Roh wrote : "  I am in debt to too many people . Too many people have suffered because of me . And I can not imagine the suffering they will go through in the future . " Prosecutors were investigating the former president for allegedly receiving $ 6 million in bribes from a South Korean businessman while in office . Roh 's wife was scheduled to be questioned by prosecutors Saturday , and Roh was planning to answer a second round of questions next week . Why some South Koreans are angry about Roh 's death " The investigation has now been suspended . The debate over Roh 's suicide has occupied as much column space in South Korea 's press as the recent aggressive behavior shown by the North . On Tuesday , the conservative Chosun Ilbo urged South Koreans to remember the words of the former president 's suicide note . "  Roh 's abrupt death brings home how vain the rise and fall of power is and how futile it is to nurse hatred and conflict in pursuit of them . Roh himself said in his will , ` Are n't life and death both part of nature ? Do n't blame anybody . ' He would not have wished his own death to cause more political confusion and social conflict , " the newspaper wrote in an editorial . It also criticized prosecutors who "  seem to have worried about public consensus rather than focusing on principles . " The left-leaning Hankoryeh called Roh 's death "  political murder , " echoing the widespread feeling that the former president paid too high a price for his alleged crime . "  The case of late President Roh was the most unfortunate in South Korean history , brought about by the Lee Myung-bak administration , which despised the person more than the crime , " the newspaper wrote in an editorial . The mood on South Korea 's influential blogs and message boards was somber and split between messages of comfort , dismay at Roh 's decision to end his life and angry accusations against prosecutors and the government . "  President Roh 's perseverance to provide Korea with a true democracy has come to a sudden end . We saw the grief of his demise in the eyes of millions of Koreans , " read a message posted on the popular Daum Agora Web portal . "  Prosecutors and the police ! Are you the people of the Republic of Korea ? , " asked another . Just before he left the presidency , Roh became the first South Korean leader to cross the demilitarized zone and meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . He believed in the "  sunshine policy " of his predecessor , Kim Dae-Jung , that sought to engage the north , and Roh also promised aid . CNN 's Pauline Chiou and freelance journalist Nicolai Hartvig contributed to this report .	NEW : Motorcade accompanying Roh 's body on way to the capital , Seoul NEW : Grief-stricken S. Koreans pour out onto the streets to pay final respects Roh Moo-Hyun took his own life amid an ongoing corruption investigation Roh was in office between 2003 and 2008
CNN  -- A 15-year-old British schoolboy has struck a chord with his eloquent response to actress Emma Watson 's United Nations speech encouraging men to join in the fight for gender equality . Ed Holtom 's letter , published in the Sunday Telegraph , was praised on social media for demonstrating an understanding of gender issues that many adults today do n't fully comprehend . "  If we want equality , it will take more effort than paying women the same as men , or giving women equal opportunities , " he wrote in his letter supporting Watson . "  We must stop pressuring each other to fit stereotypes which more often than not leaves us feeling repressed and unable to express ourselves . We must not let gender define us . " A student at St. Albans , an all-boy 's school in Hertfordshire outside London , Holtom said that boys and girls are unwittingly steered into confining gender roles . "  By using words such as ` girly ' or ` manly ' we inadvertently buy into gender stereotyping , " he wrote in the letter . "  We play with toys designed for our gender , we play different sports based on gender , we often go to segregated schools . " Holtom 's letter was republished by a handful of news sites and quickly gained traction on social media , where many commenters praised his views as unusually thoughtful for someone his age . Nicholas Pegg , a British actor and writer , called the letter "  magnificent " and posted a link to it on Twitter . Actor-director Samuel West wrote on Twitter that Holtom "  writes the sort of letter you want to read from today 's schoolboys , and tomorrow 's men . " Reached Monday via Twitter , Holtom told CNN he is heartened by the response to his words . "  My life has n't really changed - at the moment things are pretty normal , apart from people giving such great support in response to the letter , " he said . "  Emma has n't responded , she does n't have to . I did n't write it for attention , I just wanted people to know I how I felt . " Watson 's impassioned speech , delivered September 20 as part of her role as a goodwill ambassador for UN Women , drew attention for her remarks about the need for equality and for men to embrace feminism . It also prompted a minor backlash , including a threat to leak alleged nude photos of the star . The threat was later revealed to be a hoax . "  Both men and women should feel free to be sensitive . Both men and women should feel free to be strong , " Watson told the UN . "  It is time that we all perceive gender on a spectrum not as two opposing sets of ideals . " In his letter to the Telegraph , Holtom said he agreed with everything Watson said and supports equal rights for women . "  We 're lucky to live in a Western world where women can speak out against stereotypes . It 's a privilege . Gender equality and feminism is not about ` man-hating ' or the idea of ` female supremacy . ' It is , by definition , the opposite , " he wrote . "  The definition of feminism is , ' a person who believes in the social , political and economic equality of the sexes . ' It 's pretty simple really , and if you believe in those things , then you 're a feminist . " Holtom also wrote in his letter that he was "  disappointed " by how ignorant some of his classmates were about the gender issues Watson raised in her speech . But in a Twitter message Monday to CNN , he said he had n't encountered many hard feelings so far from schoolmates . "  My classmates have reacted pretty well , it was n't really about anyone in particular - but I understand that some people could have misinterpreted it , " he said . "  Overall , everyone I know has been really nice and supportive , it 's great that so many people agree . : " .	Schoolboy in UK writes letter defending Emma Watson 's speech at the UN Letter goes viral after being published in London newspaper Ed Holtom : "  We 're lucky to live in a Western world where women can speak out "
CNN  Want to get a head start on your teen 's reading list -- or find new titles to feed your young adult fiction habit ? While many recognize the Newbery and Caldecott awards for the year 's best children 's books , the seventh annual Morris Award celebrates debut books published in 2014 by promising first-time authors in young adult literature . It puts fresh , diverse choices in front of parents , teachers , librarians and teens , while spotlighting titles that might get lost during heavy publishing seasons , like offerings from small press . Previous winners have included authors like John Corey Whaley for his book "  Where Things Come Back . " But it 's not just the winner who benefits -- finalists Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl , nominated for their book "  Beautiful Creatures , " have also become favorites in the young adult fiction community . Their book also became a film in 2013 . "  The Morris Award committee wants a distinct voice that takes readers to new places , " said Chris Shoemaker , president of the Young Adult Library Services Association . "  They have exemplary voice , as well as strong world-building and character development . " Here are the five finalists : "  The Carnival at Bray " by Jessie Ann Foley Love , loss and '90s grunge music collide in this story of leaving what you know behind . After 16-year-old Maggie Lynch moves from Chicago to Bray , a small town in Ireland , she experiences her first love and a family tragedy at the same time . Foley , a Chicago Public School teacher , drew on personal experience visiting Bray in 2010 and set the story during the 1990s to include Nirvana as a relatable thread throughout the novel . Teens can relate to the way the characters connect through music , Angie Manfredi , former Morris Award committee member and head of youth services for the Los Alamos County Library System in New Mexico , told CNN . Including Nirvana and the band 's late lead singer Kurt Cobain ties in with the theme that nothing can last , creating a "  bittersweet urgency " in the novel , she said . "  Gabi , a Girl in Pieces " by Isabel Quintero In Quintero 's semi-autobiographical tale , high school senior Gabi Hernandez tries to figure out her place in her Latino community and her collegiate future . Her eventful senior year is told through lyrical , humorous and brutally honest diary entries about one best friend who is pregnant , another who just came out as gay and a father trying to quit his meth addiction . Quintero , a community college teacher from the Inland Empire of Southern California , wanted to reinforce that young women should feel empowered to make their own life choices , rather than simply live up to societal expectations based on gender or patriarchy : "  There is not just one true experience for everyone -- not as an American , not as a woman , not as a Mexican-American , and I felt like this was a story that needed to be told , " Quintero told CNN . "  It 's a stunning , first-person narrative from this character with a crazy life , " Teri Lesesne , a professor and former Morris Award committee chairwoman , told CNN . "  She 's a good student who does n't want to fall in love and lose herself . From the realistic voice to the rhythms of her language -- I felt like I knew her . " "  The Strange and Beautiful Sorrows of Ava Lavender " by Leslye Walton Magic and history weave together this multigenerational tale . Ava Lavender is a perfectly normal teenage girl , except for two things : Her family tree is full of doomed love that threatens to repeat itself , and she was born with the wings of a bird . Ava must look to the past in order to navigate her future , especially when she encounters the vastly different ways one can love and be loved at 16 . Walton , a teacher and self-described collector of oddities , has always kept a notebook of intriguing moments , facts , scenes and names . Rather than paint a picture of a "  freak " defined by her oddities , Walton wanted to tell a story that related being odd and strange to being very human . This tale of magic realism is reminiscent of how teenagers visualize their life experiences , Manfredi said . It 's a hero 's journey that follows a character trying to figure out who she 's going to be through poetic storytelling , she added . "  The Scar Boys " by Len Vlahos Bullies tied Harbinger Jones to a tree when he was 8 and he was struck by lightning , leaving him scarred for life . As a teen , he makes a friend , forms a punk band and people finally notice him for something other than his scars . When the band goes on tour , his life changes forever . Drawing on his personal experience of dropping out of NYU film school to tour with a punk-pop band called Woofing Cookies , Vlahos connected all of the dots when he came up with the Harbinger character . "  That idea , of a teenage punk band touring America in a dysfunctional van , was a story I always wanted to tell , " he said . "  The book is really about the complexity of friendships , and the power of music to heal all . " "  You meet that character and you learn about his scars and how he deals with how he looks -- this thought that ` I 'll make fun of me before anyone else does , ' " Lesesne said . She also said that the story 's power is rooted in this emotion and how it utilizes music . "  The Story of Owen : Dragon Slayer of Trondheim " by E.K. Johnston In this alternate reality , dragons are everywhere and only dragon-slayers can combat them . When his renowned dragon-slayer aunt retires , Owen learns to continue her legacy . The story is narrated by Owen 's tutor , the young , musically inclined Siobhan , who soon discovers her destiny as his bard . Johnston , a forensic archaeologist from Seaforth , Ontario , wanted to tell a story about a dragon slayer and a musician "  and make it as Canadian as possible . " "  There is so much wonderful humor here , balanced with a lot of action , " Lesesne said . "  It 's a fresh take on heroism and what it means to be a hero . That book is pulled off so beautifully . "	The Morris Award celebrates debut books by first-time authors in young adult literature The award committee looks for a distinctive voice The five finalists for the 2015 award represent diverse genres
CNN  -- Florida law kept George Zimmerman from being held accountable in last year 's shooting death of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin , the teen 's mom said Friday . "  Wrap your mind around no prom for Trayvon , no high school graduation for Trayvon ... all because of a law -- a law that has prevented the person who shot and killed my son " from paying "  for this awful crime , " Sybrina Fulton said Friday afternoon at the National Urban League Conference in Philadelphia . Zimmerman , a former neighborhood watch volunteer , was found not guilty in the 17-year-old Martin 's death on July 13 . Father : Let 's turn negative energy into positive He fatally shot Martin in the Sanford , Florida , neighborhood where Zimmerman and Martin 's father lived in February 2012 . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had a confrontation with the unarmed African-American teen after calling police to report a suspicious person , and he said he shot Martin in self-defense . The case became a flashpoint in debates over racial profiling , and thousands attended vigils across the country over the weekend , decrying the verdict . Zimmerman juror to ABC : He ` got away with murder ' Fulton asked attendees of the National Urban League gathering Friday to use her "  broken heart " to ensure "  there are no more Trayvon Martins again . " "  My message to you is : Please use my story . Please my use my tragedy . Please use my broken heart to say to yourself , ` We can not let this happen to anybody else 's child , ' " she said . ` Boycott Florida , ' is n't so simple , experts say	Trayvon Martin 's mother addresses the National Urban League Conference Sybrina Fulton : Law prevented George Zimmerman from paying "  for this awful crime , " Zimmerman was found not guilty of murder in Martin 's 2012 shooting death Fulton : "  Use my broken heart " to prevent something like this from happening again
CNN  -- Critics may have been divided over the MTV reality show "  Buckwild " when it premiered last year , but fans were n't . According to the site TV By The Numbers , it ranked as the top-rated original cable series on Thursday nights among viewers 12 to 34 , and pulled in an average of 3 million total viewers per episode since its premiere in January . So reports of the death of 21-year-old cast member Shain Gandee on Monday hit fans hard . Shain Gandee was happy with life before death "  I still can not get over the fact that Shain Gandee died he was my favorite , " tweeted one fan named Buffy Sue . "  Rest In Peace . #Buckwild " The series , which follows a group of young people as they have fun in Sissonville , West Virginia , was controversial before it even aired . Many believed the show would fill the void of the wildly successful "  Jersey Shore , " which featured plenty of drunken shenanigans , hookups and fights . Before "  Buckwild " premiered , Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , sent MTV a letter calling it a "  travesty . " "  This show plays to ugly , inaccurate stereotypes about the people of West Virginia , " he wrote . John Stevens , the executive producer of the show , countered that the series was actually unlike any others on television , as the "  Buckwild " bunch 's idea of a good time was more hanging out in the woods than on Twitter or Facebook . " -LSB- I -RSB- t 's not like looking at a train wreck . ... There is a certain coolness to it , " Stevens told Entertainment Weekly . "  It 's different than a lot of the stuff that has been produced . I think it 's going to get people talking and it might change people 's perspectives . These kids are totally wild and carefree . It will be very refreshing to the MTV audience . " In reviewing the show , The Hollywood Reporter said it "  follows a slew of wild , drunken West Virginians in their late teens and early 20s . " "  Not only is it another tired portrayal of Southern stereotypes , but it 's also inexcusably poorly executed , " the review said . "  The six girls and three boys  trouble is sure to brew with those odds  stumble through and stiffly carry out their force-fed cues . " Hollywood.com was a bit more forgiving . "  Sure , watching them might be amusing fun  I ca n't wait to see that insane lady in the red wig yell at them  but it 's never going to be as good as ` Jersey Shore , ' no matter how wild it purports to be , " the website said . Despite the lackluster reviews , MTV recently renewed the show for a second season . On "  Buckwild , " Gandee was shown as a charming Southern guy who early on competed with fellow castmate Tyler for the affections of Cara . Gandee noted that he lived in a community surrounded by relatives  "  They call it a holler 'cause when you holler , everybody can hear ya "  and in a sneak peek of the show , his mother , Loretta , is shown expressing how much her son loved his job hauling trash . What happens when reality TV starts getting real The nine cast members were shown partying , camping and "  mudding , " where participants spin a vehicle in the mud until everyone inside is covered . Mud played a role in Gandee 's death . His body was found , along with his uncle , David Dwight Gandee , 48 , and Donald Robert Myers , 27 , inside the family 's Ford Bronco . Authorities said the vehicle was partially submerged in mud , including the muffler . On Tuesday , an MTV representative told CNN that production on the series had been suspended . ` Buckwild ' star , two others died of carbon monoxide poisoning	"  Buckwild " was a popular reality series on MTV The show was supposed to be a replacement for "  Jersey Shore " Shain Gandee was portrayed as a charming guy who loved his job
Marietta , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia woman who potentially faced more jail time than the driver who struck and killed her son last year was spared any time behind bars Wednesday . Raquel Nelson of Marietta was sentenced to 12 months of probation and 40 hours of community service by Judge Kathryn Tanksley . Half of those hours must relate to child safety . Nelson has already faced the ultimate nightmare for a mother -- seeing her child die after being struck by a car in 2010 . She initially faced up to 36 months in jail in connection with the incident -- a sentence six times longer than the time served by the driver of the car that hit her son . The case had become a cause for radio talk show hosts , the NAACP and even transportation advocates , who said Nelson is being punished because she chose to cross the road at the bus stop across from her apartment instead of traveling to the nearest crosswalk , three-tenths of a mile away . "  Your office 's decision to prosecute Raquel Nelson for the death of her four-year-old son on a vehicular homicide charge is disgusting and inhumane , " wrote one poster to the Facebook page of the Cobb County Solicitor General 's office , which is handling the case . More than 135,000 people have signed an online petition calling for leniency . "  It 's just so confusing and unreal that it would happen in this manner , " said Loretta Williams , Nelson 's aunt . Nelson and her three children had just gotten off the bus at a stop across from their apartment building in October 2010 when her 4-year-old son , A.J. , broke away from her and ran into the street . A car struck the boy . Nelson and one of her two daughters also suffered minor injuries . Five weeks after the accident , investigators came to Nelson 's home , Williams said . She was charged with three misdemeanors -- second-degree vehicular homicide , failing to cross at a crosswalk and reckless conduct , according to court records . A jury convicted her last week . Each count carried a potential sentence of one year in jail . The man driving the car , Jerry Guy , fled the scene after the accident , but later admitted being involved , according to CNN affiliate WXIA-TV . He was sentenced to five years in prison , but served only six months . He is serving the remainder of the sentence on probation . A representative of the Cobb County Solicitor General 's office said the agency could not comment on the case until sentencing is complete . The NAACP called the case against Nelson a "  grave miscarriage of justice when the mother who is still grieving is forced to fight harder for her freedom than the man who killed her son . " The case has also attracted attention from transportation advocates , who say Nelson is being treated unfairly because transportation planners fail to take into account the needs of pedestrians when designing roads . "  Because she did as her fellow bus riders , who crossed at the same time and same place , and because she did what pedestrians will do every time -- take the shortest reasonable path -- she is guilty of vehicular homicide , " Transportation for America communications director David Goldberg wrote on the advocacy organization 's blog . Nelson had hoped to receive a minimal sentence Tuesday , Williams said . CNN 's Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	A Georgia woman whose son was struck and killed will not go to jail Son A.J. Nelson , 4 , died in 2010 when he ran into traffic Transportation advocates and the NAACP called the case an outrage
CNN  -- Jack Klugman , best known as messy sports writer Oscar Madison in TV 's "  The Odd Couple , " died Monday at his California home , his son Adam said . He was 90 . His lawyer , Larry Larson , said he died at his house in Northridge , just north of Los Angeles , with his wife by his side . Veteran actor William Shatner tweeted : "  Condolences go out to the family of Jack Klugman . An extraordinary and talented man . He will be missed . " Klugman , who won two Emmys for his role in the early 1970s sitcom , also starred in "  Quincy , M.E. " as medical examiner Dr. R. Quincy from 1976 to 1983 . He told Larry King in 2001 that he played Madison on Broadway before the TV show debuted . "  So when  executive producer  Garry Marshall called me , I thought he 'd seen me do it on Broadway and that 's why he wanted me . He said , ` No , I never saw you . ' I said , ` So why did you want me ? ' He said , ` Well , I saw you in ` Gypsy , ' and Ethel Merman was singing to you , and she was spitting all over you . ' " Marshall continued , Klugman said : " ` You know , that 's a good actor , he 's not showing that she 's spitting all over him . ' That 's why he hired me . " The show , based on a Neil Simon play , was the hilarious story of two recently divorced men who became mismatched roommates . Madison was the gruff , wisecracking slob . Felix Unger , played by the late Tony Randall , was the neurotic neat freak who was a professional photographer . But while the characters were always at odds with each other , the actors got along famously . When asked by King if he had a natural simpatico with Randall , Klugman said : "  Oh , yeah , it happened so beautifully . " He said the two made up a lot of the script on the spot . "  He would provoke you into saying something funny . That 's true improvisation , " he told King . "  It was wonderful . I had a great time . I learned a lot . " Randall , who died in 2004 , was succinct . "  It just clicked , " he told King . According to Klugman , the show , which made its debut in 1970 , was on the verge of being canceled every year until it actually was axed in 1975 . The show lives on in syndication , just as Klugman told Randall it would . "  You see , when were on originally , we never had a rating . " Randall told King in 1996 . "  We were not a success . It 's hard to believe , but Jack always said , ` Someday , we 'll come back in reruns , and they 'll find us because we know we were good , ' and he just was right dead center on target . " That paid off nicely for the actors , who received part ownership ; Klugman said he received 10 % while Randall got 20 % . It earned Klugman far more than the $ 7,000 an episode he made for the last season of 22 episodes . Klugman and Randall later reunited for a 1993 TV movie "  The Odd Couple : Together Again " and the 1999 Broadway play , "  Sunshine Boys , " according to the Internet Movie Database website . They also performed the stage version of "  The Odd Couple " in London . When "  The Odd Couple " ended , he did n't want to do another TV series , Klugman told King , even though he got a lot of offers for more comedies . He said he eventually became fascinated with the lead character in "  Quincy . " "  This guy is two heroes in one . He is a cop , he is a doctor , " he said he told his agent . The show was successful because even though it was about death , it lacked violence . It was about social issues , he said . Klugman also won an Emmy in 1964 for outstanding single performance by an actor in a leading role for portraying a blacklisted actor in an episode of "  The Defenders . " Klugman 's stage , film and television acting career spanned more than five decades . One of his first breaks was as a 29-year-old understudy in the comedic play "  Mister Roberts , " starring Henry Fonda . Klugman spent 15 months on the road and played the role of a doctor for two months . The doctor was supposed to be about 40 years old . "  I always looked old anyway . When I was 22 , I looked 80 , " Klugman said . A Philadelphia native , Klugman also made his mark in movies , including an early role as a member of the jury in 1957 's "  12 Angry Men , " and as Ali McGraw 's father in "  Goodbye , Columbus " in 1969 . He was the last of the 12 actors from "  12 Angry Men " to pass away . His earliest acting was on the stage in New York , where he continued to perform throughout his life . Some of his memorable early TV appearances included roles on "  The Twilight Zone " and the crime drama "  Naked City . " The Internet Movie Database lists 97 television and film credits for Klugman . A battle with throat cancer in the late 1980s reduced his voice to a rasp , but it did not end his career . Klugman was also a big fan of the ponies . "  I always was a player , " he said . "  I had been gambling on horses since I was a kid , 15 years old . And when I came  to Los Angeles  , I came involved with people " with whom he began to buy horses . One of the race horses turned up lame so Klugman agreed to breed the horse and sell the foal . Instead he decided to keep it and name it Jack . But when it was born , he was told the horse was a female so he named it Jacklin . When he received the horse , it turned out it was a male after all . Jacklin Klugman finished third in the 1980 Kentucky Derby and fourth in the Preakness Stakes . Klugman was first married to the late Brett Somers -- an actress and regular panelist on the TV quiz show "  Match Game " -- from 1953 until her death in 2007 , the website said . People magazine reported that the two separated in 1974 but never divorced . At the time of his death , he was married to former actress and longtime girlfriend Peggy Crosby , whom he married in 2008 when he was 85 . Klugman is also survived by another son , David . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's David Daniel and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Attorney says Jack Klugman died at home with wife by his side Klugman acted in " The Odd Couple " on Broadway before being famously teamed with Tony Randall Klugman , who died at 90 , later played a medical examiner in "  Quincy , M.E. " Actor also was a horse owner who had a third-place finisher in the Kentucky Derby
CNN  -- At the end of April 2010 , a couple of weeks before the WHO announced a major 2011 U.N. summit on Non Communicable Diseases  NCDs  , I left Merck to start Arogya World , a U.S.-based non-profit with a bold mission -- to change the course of chronic disease . This was the beginning of a very personal journey for me , and the expression of a heartfelt desire to gather like-minded people and make a meaningful contribution to global health . At the core of our work is compelling science . According to the WHO , 80 % of heart disease , 80 % of diabetes and 40 % of cancers can be prevented by increasing physical activity , healthy eating and avoiding tobacco . At Arogya World , we believe deeply in the power of prevention . Globally , we shine a spotlight on NCDs -- heart disease , diabetes , cancers and chronic lung diseases -- and advocate for their prevention . In India we are implementing programs for diabetes prevention through lifestyle changes . There we launched mDiabetes , our flagship program , a groundbreaking one-million-person diabetes prevention mHealth effort conducted with Nokia -- and an ongoing Clinton Global Initiative Commitment . Over the last two years , we have collected a group of committed , passionate individuals -- including advisors like Raj Dave -- and immersed ourselves in the difficult task of moving hearts and minds . Our approach is to leverage strong science , medical and non-medical experts , public-private partnerships and modern technology to make measurable public health impact -- improving lives and livelihoods around the world . Why NCDs ? Why India ? Two out of three deaths in the world today are caused by NCDs , some 80 % of them in developing countries . By year 2030 , NCDs are estimated to cause more than five times the number of deaths from HIV , TB , malaria and maternal and child mortality , combined . And the cost is staggering -- projected to be trillions of dollars in lost productivity over the next two decades . NCDs have become a world crisis , changing the face of global health as we know it , demanding urgent political action and international co-operation . Twenty percent of India 's people have one chronic disease , and 10 % more than one . Diabetes  which runs in my father 's family  is at catastrophic levels in India , where more than 50 million people live with the disease , and 1 million die from it each year . And Indians get diabetes on average 10 years earlier than their Western counterparts . Half of India  more than half a billion people  is under 25 years of age . As these young people get into their 30s and 40s and start getting diabetes in large numbers , the public health impact will be huge . Our immediate goals in India are : 1  Educate at least 1,000,000 Indians in diabetes prevention . 2  Execute and measure the effectiveness of interventions targeting consumers , schools and the workplace . 3  Bring about behavior changes proven to prevent diabetes in 50,000 people . And , we want to use what we learn to establish a scalable model for prevention of chronic diseases . mDiabetes is key to achieving these goals . In September 2011 , at the Clinton Global Initiative Annual Meeting , we pledged to reach one million people from all over India over a period of two years , and to measure the effectiveness of our program . We 're sending text messages on diabetes and its prevention twice a week in 12 languages , providing six months of content at no charge to the consumer . We were joined by many partners in this big , bold effort - Nokia , Emory University , Aetna , Johnson & Johnson , Biocon and Ipsos -- and we thank them for partnering with an unknown  we prefer the epithet "  small but mighty "  non-profit . With Emory University , we developed diabetes awareness and prevention messages with a strong emphasis on science and proven principles of behavior change . We then reviewed them for cultural relevancy and technical accuracy with our Behavior Change Task Force , a group of medical , health promotion and consumer communications experts . To date , we 've reached 100,000 consumers , and are on track to reach one million by next year . See a 1 minute video on Arogya World 's work in India We are measuring results , so that we can correct course as needed and improve program effectiveness . This is no pilot -- we have completed the first phase of research with 750 consumers , and will be conducting more rigorous evaluation of behavior change . What is the promise of mDiabetes ? We want to evaluate the effectiveness of mDiabetes in both urban and rural India , and then expand our program to include other NCDs such as heart disease , etc. . Ultimately , we wish to establish a scalable chronic disease prevention model . There are many reasons why we are genuinely excited about the promise of mDiabetes : 1  Mobile phones have a broad reach in the developing world -- some 75 % of the mobile subscriptions today are in the developing world . In India alone there are more than 900 million mobile subscribers . 2  And it is the same developing countries that are hardest hit by NCDs -- mHealth could provide helpful and cost effective solutions . 3  Initial results from the Message Refinement phase of mDiabetes research are encouraging : overall , consumers reacted very favorably to the messages and found them clear , compelling and useful . Eighty-five percent said they would be willing to share the messages -- we find that extremely promising . If effective , mDiabetes could be replicated in other countries , and evolve into a global solution to the NCD crisis . Developing countries , already burdened by the scourge of infectious diseases and maternal mortality , are finding it hard to grapple with the growing burden of NCDs , and would likely find such an approach affordable and easy to adopt . The Political Declaration on NCDs adopted unanimously at the UN Summit in September 2011 by all countries , asked for a "  whole of society " approach to tackle NCDs , one of the greatest health and development challenges of the century . We at Arogya World agree -- NCDs are our collective responsibility to fix . mDiabetes and the rest of our work , including our global advocacy for NCD prevention , are this one NGO 's response to that call to action . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Nalini Saligram .	Arogya World 's key focus in India is diabetes prevention through lifestyle changes 80 % of diabetes can be prevented by increasing physical activity , healthy eating and avoiding tobacco . Twenty percent of India 's people have one chronic disease , and 10 % more than one . mDiabetes hopes to send diabetes awareness and prevention messages to one million people by next year .
CNN  -- It seems North Korea 's new leader Kim Jong Un is carrying on his father 's strange tradition : mixing a fascination with American culture with a hatred of the United States . Kim has made it quite clear that his country 's February nuclear test marks a new phase of confrontation with the United States , which Pyongyang has described as "  the sworn enemy of the Korean people . " Opinion : How to deal with North Korea Yet that has n't stopped Pyongyang from welcoming a few dignitaries from this "  sworn enemy " nation , including a top Google executive and a few basketball stars . No one knows if it 's all part of an organized effort to woo North Korea into diplomacy by appealing to its leader 's interest in American culture . Yet one thing is for sure : This love-hate relationship has sparked some odd stories out of the Hermit Kingdom . Here 's a look at some of the most recent ones we 've come across : 1 . Kim Jong Un : Dennis Rodman 's new BFF If you read the reports about former NBA star Dennis Rodman 's visit to Pyongyang , you might have double-checked whether the story was just another Onion parody . Not only did the American basketball star -- known for his over-the-top publicity stunts -- visit North Korea , but he also was joined by three members of the famed Harlem Globetrotters , who played against North Korea 's "  Dream Team "  no surprise , the game ended in a tie  . Rodman proclaimed Kim "  a friend for life , " and appeared courtside with the North Korean leader . Not everyone was cheering this so-called "  basketball diplomacy . " A commentary in Canada 's National Post outlined North Korea 's "  monstrous gulag system that Dennis Rodman will never see . " And CNN contributor John Avlon wrote that Rodman is n't the only "  celebrity to be used for publicity purposes to prop up a dictator . " North Korea issues threat to U.S. military 2 . Google executive urges country with barely any electricity to embrace the Internet You 've probably seen that NASA satellite photo of the Korean peninsula at night , the one that shows the northern half completely dark while the southern half and the Chinese coast are fully alight . Electricity is still a luxury in North Korea , where cold winds from nearby Siberia can plunge temperatures below freezing . But that did n't stop Google 's executive chairman Eric Schmidt from visiting North Korea in January as part of a delegation urging North Korea to "  make it possible for people to use the Internet . " While many North Koreans might be more interested in having a heated home , Schmidt and his Google colleague Jared Cohen have advocated about the Internet 's ability to empower citizens living under oppressive regimes . 3 . Famous Americans apparently are n't the only ones heading to Pyongyang In the wake of the Schmidt and Rodman visits , Bloomberg Businessweek looked at just how many Westerners are heading to North Korea for its closely monitored , government-run tours . Surprisingly , it found a nearly 20 % increase in visits since 2011 . 4 . Get your North Korean education ... in Tokyo The United States is n't the only outside country that has a love-hate relationship with North Korea . Until the end of World War II , Korea was a Japanese colony , and many Koreans were brought to Japan -- many against their will -- before Korea was divided between north and south . More recently , North Korea admitted to kidnapping Japanese citizens from Japanese soil in the 1970s and 1980s , something Tokyo has demanded more answers about . Despite this tense history , Japan hosts a number of North Korean-funded schools -- complete with portraits of North Korea 's founder Kim Il Sung and previous leader Kim Jong Il on its walls . Students , who are mostly Japanese , say they are learning Korean culture and language , and laugh off suggestions that they 're training to be spies . 5 . Dreaming of annihilating the United States , to the tune of ` We Are The World ' It 's no secret that North Korea 's propaganda images are bizarre , at least to the non-North Korean eye . If this does n't make sense , just search Google Images for "  North Korea propaganda . " Yet one video released in the run-up to North Korea 's nuclear test on Pyongyang 's official website still managed to raise some eyebrows . The video -- set to the tune of "  We Are The World , " the 1985 song written by Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie heralding world peace -- shows a North Korean man dreaming about an apparent missile attack on the United States . "  Black smoke was billowing somewhere in America , " the caption in Korean reads . Seven ways to get serious with North Korea	North Korea has declared the United States a "  sworn enemy " But recently , American dignitaries have been welcomed in Pyongyang North Korea recently carried out a nuclear test that it called a new phase of confrontation
Washington  CNN  -- A federal judge has again temporarily blocked enforcement of key parts of a tough immigration law in Alabama . The ruling Wednesday is a partial victory for both sides . The Justice Department had brought suit against state officials to block the law , but Alabama was given the power to enforce some controversial sections . Other opponents of the measure -- including state church leaders and the American Civil Liberties Union -- had asked U.S. Judge Sharon Lovelace Blackburn to stop the law , which had been scheduled to go into effect last month . "  There is a substantial likelihood that the United States will succeed on the merits of its claim that  parts of the law  are pre-empted by federal law , " Blackburn wrote . "  The court further finds that the United States will suffer irreparable harm if these sections of HB 56 are not enjoined " from taking effect . The ruling means certain parts of the law can not be enforced until a hearing on the larger issues raised in the appeal are resolved , a process that may take several months at least , and may ultimately have to be settled by the U.S. Supreme Court . At issue is whether HB 56 intrudes on the federal government 's power over all immigration matters . State officials argue the law would help Alabama and not violate civil rights . The court upheld a section of the Alabama law requiring that police "  attempt to determine the immigration status of a person who they suspect is an unauthorized alien of this country , " according to an Alabama House of Representatives fact sheet . That provision is similar to other laws aiming to crack down on illegal immigration passed by other state legislatures over the past year . But Blackburn blocked the following provisions from being enforced : -- One saying undocumented aliens in the state are not allowed to "  knowingly apply for work , solicit work in a public or private place , or perform work as an employee or independent . " -- One banning the "  concealing , harboring , transporting , etc. , of unlawfully present aliens . " -- One prohibiting employers from "  taking of a state tax deduction for wages paid to an unauthorized alien . " But the Alabama law also includes more expansive measures , including requiring the state to check immigration status of students in public schools , that the judge allowed to go into effect for the time being . During court hearings earlier this summer in Birmingham , Alabama , an attorney with the Southern Poverty Law Center argued the public school portion of the law is unconstitutional . Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange told the judge at the hearing the law would not prevent undocumented immigrants from having access to public school education . Strange also argued that the law is not an anti-immigrant measure , and that the state welcomes visitors . The judge in late August had issued a preliminary injunction against enforcement , saying she needed more time to decide the complex legal questions raised . In August , leaders from the Episcopal , Methodist and Catholic churches of Alabama separately sued Alabama 's governor , its attorney general and a district attorney over HB 56 . On Wednesday , bishops from two of those churches welcomed the decision to block the provision preventing the harboring or transporting of undocumented aliens , releasing a joint statement saying it "  protects our churches ' ministries from prosecution under this over-reaching law , and substantially protects our religious liberties . " "  We will continue to provide food , shelter , transportation , housing , and the church 's sacraments to all of God 's people , regardless of race , class , or citizenship status , " said the statement from Bishop Henry N. Parsley Jr. of the Episcopal Church 's Alabama Diocese and Bishop William H. Willimon of the United Methodist 's North Alabama Conference . But Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley , who signed the law in June , said after Wednesday 's ruling that "  Judge Blackburn upheld the majority of our law and temporarily -- and I say temporarily -- enjoined in four sections . In those parts that were upheld we have the strongest immigration law in this country . " He said law would not have been needed "  if the federal government would have done its job and enforced the laws dealing with this problem . However , they have failed to do that . " And he added , "  This law was never designed to hurt fellow human beings . " Republican Alabama state Rep. John Merrill told CNN in June that the legislation would be "  good for Alabama " because it would reduce illegal immigration to the state and "  provide equal opportunities for all people who want to come to Alabama legally . " ACLU attorney Andre Segura noted the complexity of Alabama 's law compared with other state measures . The Mexican government had also appealed , arguing the law would promote racial profiling , targeting Hispanics especially . Alabama 's law is considered the strictest in the nation . Key portions of Arizona 's immigration reform law have also been blocked while a federal appeals court and the U.S. Supreme Court consider various challenges . The Alabama case is U.S. v. State of Alabama  2:11 - cv-2746  . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report .	The measure ca n't be enforced until a hearing on larger issues The Supreme Court may end up taking the case The judge allows the state to check the immigration status of public school students A judge blocks a ban on illegal aliens ' looking for work
CNN  -- Jim Davis , the creator of the widely-syndicated "  Garfield " comic has issued an apology for an ill-timed strip that ran on Veterans Day . The strip , which appeared in newspapers nationwide Thursday , shows a spider 's thoughts as Garfield the cat is about to crush it with a rolled-up newspaper . "  If you squish me , I shall become famous ! " reads the thought bubble in the strip 's first panel . "  They will hold an annual day of remembrance in my honor , you fat slob , " the spider continues , referring to the pudgy orange cat . The last panel shows the spider dangling above a teacher 's desk while he addresses a group of other spiders : "  Does anyone here know why we celebrate ` National Stupid Day ? ' " Davis called the strip 's appearance on Veterans Day "  the worst timing ever . " "  The strip that runs in today 's paper seems to be making a statement about Veterans Day . It absolutely , positively has nothing to do with this important day of remembrance , " he said in a letter Thursday , addressed to friends , fans and veterans . The cartoonist said the strip was created almost a year ago . "  I had no idea when writing it that it would appear today -- of all days , " he said . "  I do not use a calendar that lists holidays and other notable days , so when this strip was put in the queue , I had no idea it would run on Veterans Day . " Davis said his brother served in Vietnam , and his son has performed tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  You 'd have to go a long way to find someone who was more proud and grateful for what our veterans have done for all of us , " he said . Garfield debuted in 41 U.S. newspapers in 1978 . In 2002 , the Guinness Book of World Records declared it the most widely syndicated comic strip in the world . Today , the cynical cat is a ubiquitous pop culture presence , with books and movies to his name . In his letter , Davis implied he did not intend to make the same mistake again : "  You can bet I 'll have a calendar that lists EVERYTHING by my side in the future . " CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Strip shows a spider asking why we celebrate "  National Stupid Day " Davis calls it "  the worst timing ever " He says the strip was created almost a year ago Garfield is one of the most widely syndicated comics in the world
CNN  -- The House on Wednesday overwhelmingly approved a $ 16 billion bill to overhaul the Department of Veterans Affairs . It is a bipartisan response to the scandal over delayed care at medical facilities and allegations of alarming management shortcomings at the sprawling federal agency that serves millions of veterans . The Senate is expected to vote on the plan as early as Thursday . The legislation would provide money for new medical facilities , more doctors and nurses , and a new program that will allow some veterans to seek health care outside the VA system . On Tuesday , the Senate confirmed Robert McDonald as the new VA secretary . He replaces Eric Shinseki who resigned in May over the scandal , key details of which were revealed by a CNN investigation . McDonald has promised to carry out reforms swiftly . More VA employees said they were told to falsify data	The $ 16 billion measure would provide money for new medical facilities and doctors It now goes to the Senate , which is expected to act by Thursday It 's a congressional response to the scandal involving delayed medical care for veterans
CNN  -- Yu Ying Ho sits on the floor of his funeral goods shop surrounded by everything you could possibly want when you 're dead . There are paper versions of mobile telephones , suburban villas , even iPads and seafood platters -- all of them designed to be burned as funeral offerings . The ritual , a mixture of Confucian and Taoist customs , is meant to ease a spirit 's passage through the underworld . Meanwhile , in the land of the living , making provision for the remains of the dead is one of crowded Hong Kong 's most contentious issues . Soaring property prices , full cemeteries and increasingly limited space for cremated remains has given rise to a gray market in private columbaria for storing human ashes -- often in the middle of residential districts and sometimes of dubious legality . "  I do n't blame these private operators at all , " Yu says from his shop in Hong Kong 's Hum Hong district . "  People are not going to stop dying and their ashes have to be stored somewhere . " Yu is one of the many operators of funeral goods and services that can often be found within a stone 's throw of the city 's public mortuaries . Private columbaria operators approached by CNN would not comment for this article . "  The government bears a big responsibility in all of this , " says Yu , as he glues beads to the mask of a Lion Dance costume . "  It is n't able to provide enough space for people 's remains , so how can it complain about the private operators who rise up to meet this need ? "  Should people just place ashes out in the street ? " Hong Kong , however , is moving to control the industry . In September , the government published a list of 57 private operators as part of a name and shame campaign . It contends some are operating on the margins of legality , although it has stopped short of taking direct action against them . "  We have cautioned consumers that they should know what type of columbarium they are buying , " says Hong Kong Health Secretary York Chow , whose department has published an A-list of legal operators and a B-list of operators who will need to apply for a government license . "  The government is doing everything it can to regularise the supply of columbaria , " he told local media . "  At the same time , there are certain areas where we will never be able to accept them , especially those in residential areas . " According to the Hong Kong Census and Statistics Department , 42,200 people died in Hong Kong last year -- an average the department says will only increase over the coming decades as Hong Kong 's population ages . What to do with their remains lies at the intersection of Chinese culture , big business and Hong Kong 's perennial quest for space . The conventions of Chinese funerary culture are becoming harder to support in a city of 7 million people where , according to Lands Department figures , just 8 % of the land space is useable . Burial , a widespread tradition in China for several thousand years , has waiting times of as long as 56 months for a reused plot in a public burial site , according to government figures . Long-held traditions of ancestor veneration mean that families often want a place to store ashes . This can cost as much as HK$ 200,000  US$ 25,704  in a private columbarium , but all manner of different deals are on offer depending on the location and the size of the niche . Alternatives such as scattering the ashes are not popular , accounting for just 5 % of cremations each year , according to official figures . The government has canvassed alternatives such as constructing a large central columbarium on an outlying island off Hong Kong , and even flirted with the idea of importing Japanese technology for a mechanized facility . In these complexes , families swipe a smart card and the ashes of the deceased are lifted mechanically from an underground vault to one of 10 viewing areas . The most pressing factor in the debate , however , is that anything connected with the funeral industry has a massively negative effect on property prices in the vicinity . "  I know someone who rents a 600-square-foot flat in this area for as little as HK$ 3,000 a month , " says Henry Hui , whose pest control business pre-dates many of the funeral shops that have come to the neighborhood over the past 20 years to take advantage of the proximity to one of Hong Kong 's largest public mortuaries . "  You tend to get low-income residents here , taking advantage of the cheap rents , " he says . For many Chinese people , urban cemeteries and columbaria carry powerfully negative feng shui -- a Chinese system of beliefs related to living spaces and orientation -- and are regarded as dangerous places that link earth , heaven and the underworld . Contact with cemeteries and grave sites form part of a highly structured set of rites , with visits generally limited to festivals such as Ching Ming  Grave Sweeping Day  or Chung Yeung when people pay their respects to their ancestors . While the government earlier this month announced that 40,000 new urn niches would be set up in Hong Kong , new facilities are often resisted by residents whose wealth is tied up with their properties . Some have engaged lawyers and complaints range from increased traffic problems and noise , to health problems associated with burning joss paper and incense . Others have even cited climate change as a reason for closing down nearby funeral parlors where paper offerings are burned throughout the day . Hui says the not-in-my-backyard issue in Hong Kong will not be resolved until a solution is found that benefits the government , the residents and the funeral industry . "  These columbaria tend to be run by people with enormous wealth and power . While they are not in the same category as drugs and prostitution , they still operate in a gray area . You need a lot of money to invest in setting up a store , " he says , gesturing towards an unassuming office block opposite whose top two floors house urns containing cremated remains . Competition in the funeral industry is intense and Hong Kong is now losing ground to the nearby gambling enclave of Macau in the urn storage market , Hui says . Alternatives are also appearing in Shenzhen , across the Chinese border , while some are even having their relatives ' ashes stored in the Philippines , he added . For those still operating illegally in Hong Kong , however , the pay-off can be worth the risk . "  For an investment of tens of millions of dollars -- usually to rent , buy and renovate a property -- you can see a return of a billion dollars very quickly , " Hui says . Alexis Lai contributed to this report	Hong Kong running out of space for burials and even places to store cremated remains Private columbaria - places where ashes are stored - have sprung up but many are illegal The government is seeking to control the unregulated , but highly lucrative , industry A Chinese culture of ancestor veneration means few are willing to have the ashes of relatives scattered
