University Park , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The Penn State football coach who alerted head coach Joe Paterno in 2002 that he 'd seen a former defensive coordinator sexually assault a boy -- an allegation authorities did n't learn of until years later -- was placed Friday on indefinite leave , the school 's interim president said . With that , Mike McQueary became the latest casualty in a scandal that began with last week 's arrest of the man he allegedly witnessed commit the crime . The arrest set off a chain of events , including the ouster of the university 's president and of longtime coach Paterno , a move that sparked on-campus riots after it was announced Wednesday . McQueary in recent months told a grand jury that , when he was a graduate assistant , he saw Jerry Sandusky , now 67 , sexually assault a young boy at the campus ' football complex . He said he reported the incident to Paterno , who alerted Athletic Director Timothy Curley , Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly said earlier this week . Neither Paterno , 84 , nor McQueary is criminally charged . Kelly has said that the alleged failure of Curley and Gary Schultz , the university 's senior vice president for finance and business , to tell authorities about McQueary 's abuse claim "  likely allowed a child predator to continue to victimize children for many , many years . " On Friday , acting President Rodney Erickson announced that he and newly named Athletic Director Mark Sherburne had decided to put McQueary on administrative leave . A day earlier , the school athletic department said McQueary would not coach in Saturday 's game against Nebraska due to "  multiple threats " against him . "  It became clear that Coach McQueary could not function in this role , under these circumstances , " Erickson said of the decision . Sandusky , the football team 's defensive coordinator between 1977 and 1999 , was taken into custody Saturday for allegedly sexually assaulting children . Sandusky , who is free on $ 100,000 bail , disputes the 23-page grand jury summary of graphic testimony describing the alleged crimes between 1994 and 2009 , his attorney , Joseph Amendola , has said . On Friday , the lawyer told CNN that a rock had been thrown through a window at Sandusky 's home . The scandal has stirred an uproar and a flurry of action over how Penn State athletic and administrative officials handled the matter . Erickson said Friday that he 'll appoint an ethics officer to report directly to him . He added that he wants to encourage openness and dialogue among the school 's 96,000 students so that they do not hesitate to report such allegations . "  Never again should anyone at Penn State -- regardless of their position -- feel scared to do the right thing , " he said . Earlier , he announced the creation of a committee to review sexual abuse allegations at the school -- an inquiry that its chairman , Kenneth Frazier , promised Friday would be "  rigorous , objective and impartial . " State Education Secretary Ronald Tomalis will serve as vice chairman , it was announced at a board meeting . Erickson 's predecessor was Graham Spanier , who initially had voiced support for Curley and Schultz and later was removed from office by a unanimous vote of the board of trustees . A senior Navy official told CNN on Friday that , "  based on the events this week at Penn State , Navy officials are reviewing " Spanier 's membership on the board of advisers at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey , California . The 18 members of the federal advisory committee are nominated to four-year terms . A recommendation to renominate Spanier had been in the works , but will likely be pulled back , the Navy official said . Meanwhile , students held a candlelight vigil Friday night on the University Park campus -- the same place where , two days earlier , others rioted after the university 's trustees fired Paterno . The vigil is one of several efforts aimed at bringing attention to child sexual abuse . "  We are just as horrified , if not more , than a lot of people , " said senior Kyle Harris , 21 , a vigil organizer . "  We want to make an impact . We want to show these kids we care . " Friday 's event , which began at 9:30 p.m. , included comments from a sex abuse victim , musical performances and a moment of silence as the clock struck 10 p.m. at the campus ' Old Main building . The Foundation to Abolish Child Abuse is planning its own vigil between 4 and 6 p.m. Saturday in support of victims/survivors of childhood sexual abuse . Warning signs of sexual abuse Michael Gillum , the psychologist for the person referred to as "  Victim 1 " in the Pennsylvania grand jury report , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Friday night he was "  stunned " that so many individuals , after witnessing or hearing allegations about Sandusky , did not come forward sooner . The report says that Gillum 's patient was "  11 or 12 years old when he met Sandusky through The Second Mile Program in 2005 or 2006 . " The Second Mile is a charity Sandusky founded to help troubled youths . The youth had been a houseguest at Sandusky 's home in Centre County , Pennsylvania . "  During the course of the multi-year investigation , the grand jury heard evidence that Sandusky indecently fondled Victim 1 on a number of occasions , performed oral sex on Victim 1 on a number of occasions and had Victim 1 perform oral sex on him on at least one occasion , " the report said . Gillum said that people should understand "  the powerful differential between the victim and the perpetrator , " adding that "  the more status the perpetrator has ... the more difficult it is for the victim to come forward , and , in particular , expect to be believed . " Anxiety , depression and fear of being found out are common among sex abuse victims , especially when the cases go public , the psychologist said . "  Even though he 's a hero  for speaking up  , it 's not necessarily something that everyone understands and appreciates , " Gillum said . The victim 's mother told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " earlier Friday that she first got an inkling that something had happened when her "  son started acting out " -- behavior that school counselors had dismissed as a "  puberty thing . " Eventually , he told her he wanted to look up information on sexual "  weirdos . " She said she asked him why , and he told her he wanted to see if Sandusky was mentioned . "  I said , ` Well , why would you look him up ? ' And he said , ' I do n't know , he 's a weirdo . ' And I preceded to ask him if there was something he needed to tell me , and at that point , he did n't indicate anything . " Read the grand jury presentment . Warning : graphic content  PDF Years later , when they had a "  heart-to-heart " conversation , the woman said her son said he "  did n't know what to do . " "  You just ca n't tell Jerry no , " the boy said , according to the mother . The accusations may extend beyond Pennsylvania . Authorities in San Antonio , Texas , said they are investigating the possibility that Sandusky may have committed sex crimes in 1999 when Penn State played in the Alamo Bowl . "  Victim 4 " in the grand jury report was identified as a member of Sandusky 's family party for the bowl game . Opinion : Ethical lesson of Penn State scandal Sandusky is accused of sexual offenses , child endangerment and "  corruption of a minor " involving eight boys , most or all of whom he met through The Second Mile , prosecutors said . His involvement with The Second Mile , the charity he founded , provided him with access to "  hundreds of boys , many of whom were vulnerable due to their social situations , " the grand jury said . The former coach is said to have engaged in fondling and oral and anal sex with boys over at least 15 years , the grand jury 's summary of testimony says . Curley and Schultz are criminally charged for failing to report the alleged abuse . Instead of reporting the 2002 shower incident to authorities , Curley and Schultz banned Sandusky from having children from The Second Mile visit the football building , Kelly said . With a record of 8-1 , Penn State is ranked atop the Big Ten and is ranked No. 12 in the country , potentially in position to play in a premier Bowl Championship Series contest . The team faces the 19th-ranked Cornhuskers in a game set to begin at noon Saturday at Beaver Stadium . Erickson said Friday that it would "  not be fair " to cancel Saturday 's game , given that "  our student-athletes were n't involved in this situation " and thus do n't deserve to be penalized . On Friday night , the school issued a statement urging attendees not only to wear blue to raise awareness of child abuse , but to donate to Prevent Child Abuse Pennsylvania and the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape . Erickson said Friday that extra security would be in place for the contest , which the school said would mean "  strict " enforcement on policies regarding bags being taken into the stadium . "  I hope and I believe we will see the best of our students tomorrow , " Erickson said . "  They understand that Penn State is really in the spotlight . " CNN 's Joe Sterling and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Psychologist of alleged victim notes "  power differential " between the accuser , accused Penn State asks fans at Saturday 's game to wear blue and donate to charities Penn State Assistant Coach McQueary is on indefinite leave Former coach Jerry Sandusky is accused of sexually assaulting kids between 1994 and 2009
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- As the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson calmed Friday after nights of protests over the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teen , the question remains : Where 's the police officer who pulled the trigger ? Officer Darren Wilson , 28 , shot Michael Brown on August 9 . The shooting sparked days of violent protests in Ferguson as residents demanded his arrest . Separate federal and local investigations are under way , and Wilson -- who has received death threats -- has disappeared from public view . Governor orders drawdown of National Guard in Ferguson Here 's what is known about his whereabouts . Where is he now ? Few outside Wilson 's family and authorities know for sure . Wilson owns a house in a modest neighborhood about 20 miles from Ferguson . He bought the house shortly after he was divorced last year , according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch . But several neighbors have told CNN that Wilson left home before his name was released last week . What are his neighbors saying about his whereabouts ? Not much . Most have shunned reporters ' requests for interviews , and some put signs in their yards shooing away journalists . "  We do n't know anything ... Pray for Peace , " one read , according to the Post-Dispatch . "  We have 2 children . Do not knock !! No comment , " another family wrote . Any trails on social media ? The newspaper reported that Wilson deactivated his social media accounts before his name went public . The only social media presence for him now is from supporters , who have set up Facebook pages to support and raise money for him . Posts express frustration about not being heard in the media and allege a lack of support for Wilson and law enforcement . Has he contacted his friends ? One friend , Jake Shepard , told the Daily Mail newspaper in Britain that he 'd texted with Wilson after a CNN appearance , and a woman going by the name "  Josie " called a radio show to say she knew his side of the story . The Daily Mail reported that Shepard said he did n't know for sure where Wilson is but that he 's safe and under 24-hour guard . Shepard said he received a text from Wilson after his CNN appearance , thanking him for the kind words he 'd said , the newspaper reported . In his CNN interview , Shepard said he could n't imagine the officer killing somebody . "  I can say -- without speaking to Darren , without even having heard his statements -- that , at that moment in time , he was scared for his life , " Shepard said . In the text conversation , Wilson said that , among other things , he "  ca n't go out " because of the tumult over the shooting , the Daily Mail reported . CNN ca n't confirm the authenticity of the messages . Shepard has declined further interview requests with the network . As for "  Josie , " it 's unclear what relationship she has to the officer . But a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation says her account of what happened tracks with what Wilson has told investigators . Dueling narratives in Michael Brown shooting What is the police department saying ? Authorities are not saying where Wilson is . Wilson , who has six years on the force with no disciplinary issues on his record , is on paid administrative leave . If he returns to duty , he will have to undergo two psychological evaluations , authorities said . What 's next for him ? It depends on the outcome of the investigations . He could return to work -- which seems unlikely -- face charges or just fade away from public view as attention to the shooting declines .	The officer at the center of the Michael Brown shooting case is in seclusion Little is known about where Officer Darren Wilson is A friend says he texted him and said , "  I ca n't go out "
CNN  James Bond 's latest mission has been revealed in the first trailer for "  SPECTRE " which was released Friday . Daniel Craig reprises his role of everyone 's favorite spy in the 24th Bond film , scheduled for release November 6 . Christoph Waltz , Léa Seydoux , Monica Bellucci , David Bautista and Andrew Scott also star in director Sam Mendes ' second Bond film . The acronym stands for Special Executive for Counter-intelligence , Terrorism , Revenge and Extortion , a fictional global terrorist organization that Bond attempts to infiltrate after a cryptic message from his past returns to haunt him . Though lacking in stunts and explosions we have come to expect from Bond teases , the first look at "  SPECTRE " was packed with clues to the movie 's closely guarded plot . It picks up where the last chapter , "  Skyfall , " left off , with a shot of the smoldering remains of the bombed MI6 headquarters . Bond 's assistant , Moneypenny , presents him with "  personal effects " recovered from the ruins of the "  Skyfall " house : a singed old photo of two boys and a man and a temporary certificate of guardianship . "  You 've got a secret , something you ca n't tell anyone because you do n't trust anyone , " she says . Then , there 's an abandoned home in the mountains , the new Aston Martin DB10 , and a secret meeting of shadowy men , including one who addresses Bond as "  James . " What does it all mean ? See for yourself and let the speculation begin : Weigh in on our Facebook page :	Next James Bond film , "  SPECTRE , " is scheduled for release November 6 New trailer hints at secret from Bond 's past that sets him on mission to uncover sinister group
London  CNN  -- Celebrity chef Nigella Lawson spoke out angrily Friday against what she said were false claims of habitual drug use made against her in the trial of two former personal assistants . Sisters Elisabetta and Francesca Grillo were each cleared of fraud Friday by the jury in the London court that heard the case . Francesca Grillo had been accused of defrauding Lawson and her ex-husband Charles Saatchi of 580,000 pounds  $ 950,000  , and Elisabetta Grillo of defrauding them of 105,000 pounds  $ 172,000  . Both had denied the charges . The case has gripped UK media , thanks to revelations of drug use by Lawson and insights into her troubled marriage to Saatchi , a millionaire art collector . The couple divorced this year . Lawson , who was a prosecution witness , said she was "  disappointed but unsurprised " by the verdict , and she slammed what she said was a sustained campaign to ruin her reputation . "  Over the three week trial the jury was faced with a ridiculous sideshow of false allegations about drug use which made focus on the actual criminal trial impossible , " she said in a prepared statement . "  My experience as a witness was deeply disturbing . When false claims about habitual drug use were introduced I did everything possible to ensure the  Crown Prosecution Service  was aware of the sustained background campaign deliberately designed to destroy my reputation . " ` Maliciously vilified ' Lawson called for reform to the judicial system to allow witnesses to rebut false claims against them . "  I did my civic duty , only to be maliciously vilified without the right to respond , " she said . "  Even more harrowing was seeing my children subjected to extreme allegations in court without any real protection or representation . For this I can not forgive the court process . " Nigella Lawson admits using cocaine , denies drug problem The TV chef said she had voiced her regret during the trial about having to talk about the end of her 10-year marriage . She said she 'd also expressed concern about "  a campaign to circulate false allegations " over the course of the past summer and eventually in court , as part of the sisters ' defense . "  That concern remains , " she said . At the trial , both sisters claimed to have seen signs of repeated cocaine and cannabis use by Lawson . However , both testified that they had never seen her take drugs . Saatchi likewise said he had never seen his ex-wife use drugs . Elisabetta Grillo told the court that Lawson had smoked cannabis with her two children from her marriage to her first husband , the late John Diamond . In her own testimony , Lawson confirmed she had taken cocaine half a dozen times , during two periods of her life , and used cannabis in the past . But she denied being a habitual user . London 's Metropolitan Police Service said Friday that it had no plans at this stage to investigate allegations of drug use made at the trial . The decision could be reviewed if any evidence that could be investigated comes to light , it said . Nigella Lawson : Flirtatious celebrity chef ` Long , hard fight ' Neither defendant was in the dock Friday to hear the verdict because of Elisabetta Grillo 's ill health . Richard Cannon , a lawyer for the sisters , gave a statement on their behalf outside court . "  This has been a long , hard fight played out in the gaze of the world 's media , " he said . "  Elisabetta and Francesca would like to thank friends and relatives for their love and support and members of the public who expressed their best wishes . " Cannon said Elisabetta was "  very well . " The two sisters still face a civil case brought by Saatchi . In summing up , the judge told the jury that they must weigh up whether the prosecution had proved in the case of each of the sisters that they had acted dishonestly and knew they were acting dishonestly . The defense argued that the sisters had explicit and implicit authorization for their personal expenditure . During the trial , the Italian sisters told Isleworth Crown Court in west London that Lawson authorized their personal expenditures on Saatchi 's company credit cards , including on designer shoes , clothes and trips abroad . Both defense lawyers questioned Lawson 's credibility as a prosecution witness and said their clients ' claims that she repeatedly used drugs were relevant to that issue . Jane Carpenter , giving the prosecution 's closing argument in the case , said Thursday that the sisters had abused their position "  time and time again " and that they "  grew bolder and greedier " as time went by . The prosecution outlined dozens of transactions that it said were unauthorized by Saatchi or Lawson . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say they have no plans at this stage to investigate claims of drug use Nigella Lawson slams drug claims , says she 's victim of a campaign to ruin her reputation Elisabetta and Francesca Grillo are cleared of defrauding Lawson and her ex-husband Grillos ' lawyer : "  This has been a long , hard fight played out in the gaze of the world 's media "
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's former army chief appeared before a military court Tuesday , on charges that he says are designed to remove him from politics . Retired Army Gen. Sarath Fonseka faced a panel of three military judges , who are to decide whether he is guilty of participating in politics while still in uniform . Fonseka 's spokesman Anura Kumara Dissanayake said the former military commander 's lawyers raised two objections : that the judges are biased and that a military court can no longer rule on Fonseka 's case , because he left the army more than six months ago . The court will reconvene on April 6 to rule on the objections , according to government spokesman Maj. Gen. Prasad Samarasinghe . However , Fonseka must return to court Wednesday to face separate charges of violating military procurement procedures . Fonseka says the charges against him are false and politically motivated . The man credited with the military campaign that defeated a quarter-century-long insurgency by the Tamil Tiger rebel movement was arrested last month . He was dragged from his office by armed military police during a meeting with his supporters , they said . He has since been detained at naval headquarters in Colombo , where the military tribunal is convening . Fonseka and President Mahinda Rajapaksa were allies and heroes of last year 's battle against the Tigers , but they drifted apart . Fonseka 's supporters say the former general was seen as a threat to the government and his arrest was ordered to prevent his participation in parliamentary elections April 8 . The former military commander challenged Rajapaksa in January 's presidential elections , but lost by a wide margin and accused the government of election fraud . The Fonseka family has challenged his arrest in Sri Lanka 's supreme court . Those arguments are to be heard April 26 . His wife , Anoma Fonseka , called the legal proceedings against her husband a joke . Journalist Amal Jayasinghe contributed to this report .	Retired Gen. Sarath Fonseka credited with campaign that defeated Tamil Tiger rebels Military judges to decide whether he 's guilty of participating in politics while in uniform Fonseka says the charges against him are false and politically motivated Supporters say the former general was seen as a threat to the government
CNN  -- In the aftermath of Super Typhoon Haiyan last year , Roge Agujero 's family went back to the plot of land near the sea where their house once stood . "  We did not see anything , not even a single post , " he said . INTERACTIVE : See the latest satellite and path of the storm The ferocious storm had obliterated the building where more than a dozen of Agujero 's family members lived , one of thousands of homes destroyed in the area around the Philippine city of Tacloban . Entire neighborhoods were smashed into tangled heaps of debris . More than 6,000 people were killed . Agujero 's family has spent much of the past year rebuilding their house , taking pains to make it sturdier than its wooden predecessor by using concrete . The work is n't finished , but a new threat is already on the horizon . Another powerful storm , Typhoon Hagupit , is approaching the Philippines from the same part of the western Pacific Ocean as Haiyan did 13 months ago . On Friday morning local time , the storm was downgraded from a super typhoon to a typhoon , but is still packing potentially devastating winds . For residents of Tacloban and the surrounding region , the parallels between the two storms are deeply unsettling . "  I 'm more than nervous because I have experienced what Yolanda brought , " 23-year-old Agujero said , using the Filipino name for Haiyan . "  I do n't know what will happen next after another super typhoon . " Life in Tacloban 's ` danger zones , ' one year on from Typhoon Haiyan Exact path uncertain It 's not yet clear exactly what path Hagupit will take . Some forecasts have it on a similar path to Haiyan , crashing into the central region around Tacloban over the weekend . National authorities warn that about 44 provinces may be in Hagupit 's potential path -- home to about 35 million people , reported CNN affiliate 9News . Typhoon Hagupit , also know nationally in the Philippines as Ruby , had sustained winds of up to 143 miles per hour  231 kilometers per hour  as of Friday morning , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . The Philippines ' National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council anticipates heavy rainfall from 7.5 to 20 millimeters per hour . Many local residents around Tacloban are n't taking any chances . Long lines were reported Thursday at supermarkets , ATMs and gas stations as people stocked up on supplies . The local government and relief organizations have begun putting emergency preparation plans into action . "  Unlike last year , there are a lot of UN agencies and INGO partners on the ground in Tacloban and other cities ... ready to provide support and assistance , " said Maulid Warfa , chief of UNICEF 's office in Tacloban , referring to international non-governmental organizations . Local people also appear to be more attuned to the potential risks . As Haiyan bore down on Tacloban last year , a lot of residents did n't hear or heed government warnings to relocate from coastal areas . Some of them pointed to the blazing sun in the sky the day before the storm hit as proof that there was no need to be concerned , Agujero said . Haiyan 's massive storm surge caught many of them in their homes as it roared in off the Gulf of Leyte , splintering buildings and tossing large ships onto dry land . One year after Typhoon Haiyan : Resilience rebuilds the Philippines Evacuations under way The sun was high in the sky once more Thursday , but Agujero said nobody trusts it now . He 's working for the humanitarian group Catholic Relief Services and has already warned his family , whose youngest member is only a month old , to evacuate from their half-built house near the water in the town of Palo to a school building safely inland . His relatives all survived Haiyan by taking shelter in a chapel , including his octogenarian grandmother who ca n't walk anymore because of a stroke and had to be carried . But some of them , including his brothers and father , left it late to get out of the house before it was swept away , he said . And Agujero himself was hit on the head by falling debris and had to be rescued from the flooded ground floor of a convent where he 'd gone to volunteer his help . The lines of communication to carry warnings to residents appear better established than last year . Are you there ? Share photos , video if you can safely The local government has identified 21 evacuation centers around the city and has started the evacuation of people already , UNICEF 's Warfa said , adding that the number of evacuation centers is expected to increase . Tacloban Mayor Alfred Romualdez , whose waterfront house was destroyed by Haiyan , was n't available for comment Thursday . Tens of thousands of people in Tacloban are still living in coastal areas designated as danger zones by authorities . Officials say a shortage of temporary housing and other problems over the past year have prevented them from permanently relocating most residents of the communities at risk . Those areas look set to be vulnerable once again as Hagupit -- known locally as "  Ruby " -- draws near . Panoramic photo shows Haiyan devastation Strength of Category 5 hurricane "  Even in the best case scenario , we 're going to have very heavy winds and rain " that bring the risk of flooding , said Renee Lambert , the head of the Catholic Relief Services office in Tacloban . The sense of unease among residents was palpable , she said , with some stores closing and roads appearing quieter . "  I certainly see the city hunkering down , " Lambert said . The storm is the equivalent of a strong Category 5 hurricane , according to the U.S. military 's Joint Typhoon Warning Center . With Hagupit 's precise path still uncertain , Philippine authorities issued storm warnings for 56 of the country 's 81 provinces , covering around 70 % of the country 's population of 100 million , CNN affiliate 9news reported . Agujero said he hoped that the Tacloban region would be spared this time around . His biggest concern , he said , was for his family . He was less concerned about their unfinished home . "  If the house gets destroyed again , we can still rebuild it , " he said . CNN 's Judy Kwon , Paul Armstrong , Madison Park and Ward Taylor contributed to this report .	Typhoon Hagupit 's wind strength is equivalent to that of a strong Category 5 hurricane It could hit the area around Tacloban devastated last year by Typhoon Haiyan "  I 'm more than nervous , " says one survivor of Haiyan whose family home was destroyed Tens of thousands of people are still living in coastal areas considered to be danger zones
Gerry Goffin , a hit songwriter and former husband of Carole King , died early Thursday . He was 75 . Together with King , he wrote such classics as "  The Loco-Motion , " "  Will You Love Me Tomorrow " and "  Up on the Roof . " King described Goffin as her first love . "  He had a profound impact on my life and the rest of the world . Gerry was a good man and a dynamic force , whose words and creative influence will resonate for generations to come , " she said in a statement . "  His words expressed what so many people were feeling but did n't know how to say . If you want to join his loved ones in honoring him , look at the names of the songwriters under the titles of songs , " King added . The lyricist died at home of natural causes , according to a statement from his publicity agency . Goffin 's repertoire of hits ran across decades , from the early 1960s through the late 1990s , and includes some of the most familiar songs of modern times . Born in Brooklyn , Goffin met King when they were students at Queens College , according to a biography on the Songwriters Hall of Fame website . They married in 1959 . Their big break came soon after with "  Will You Love Me Tomorrow , " which was recorded by The Shirelles . Luminaries like The Beatles and Whitney Houston also performed his songs . Among Goffin 's other hits are : "  Saving All My Love For You " with Michael Masser , "  Who Put The Bomp " with Barry Mann and "  I 've Got To Use My Imagination " with Barry Goldberg . He is survived by his wife , Michele Goffin , five children and six grandchildren . People we have lost in 2014	Gerry Goffin died at home of natural causes ; he was 75 He was Carole King 's ex-husband "  His words expressed what so many people were feeling , " she says
CNN  -- This year 's African cocoa harvest , which has just gotten underway , is looking bright . Warm weather is leading many to expect a bumper crop for the main harvest . But a number of problems in the Ivory Coast , the world 's largest producer of cocoa beans , are casting a cloud over the longer-term supply outlook and leading to increasing volatility in cocoa prices , experts say . For years , the Ivory Coast , which accounts for 35 percent of the world 's supply of cocoa , the main ingredient in chocolate , has been the lifeblood of international chocolate manufacturers . According to the International Cocoa Organization , the Ivory Coast , officially known as Cote d'Ivoire , produced 1.2 million tons of cocoa in 2009-2010 . Its annual output is nearly double that of its closest rival , Ghana . But in recent years , the West African nation has been struggling with production growth as a host of challenges -- from political strife to disease -- have threatened supplies . "  All analysts are looking into what 's going on in the country , " Laurent Pipitone , senior statistician at the International Cocoa Organization , told CNN . "  If you know what 's happening in Cote d'Ivoire , you already have a rough idea of the global situation . " The last 10 years have seen cocoa crops in the Ivory Coast flat-line , while consumers ' insatiable appetite for chocolate has increased .  In three of the past four years , world cocoa supply has failed to keep up with demand . The exception was in 2008-2009 , when the economic downturn curbed demand . Farmers in the Ivory Coast are still struggling with political instability . The country was split in two following a civil war in 2002 -- the south is controlled by the government while rebels control the north . According to William Guyton , president of the World Cocoa Foundation , this has delayed much needed reinvestment in the sector . "  One of the major reasons for declining yields on farms is the number of aging trees , " he said , adding that there are n't enough supplies , such as fertilizers , available to farmers . There are also problems with pests and diseases , namely black pod , a fast spreading fungal disease that causes cocoa pods to blacken and rot . A third of the global cocoa crop is lost to diseases annually . Limited access to credit , as well as a shift among Ivorian farmers away from cocoa to more reliable crops such as rubber , or to jobs in the city , are additional challenges facing production , industry watchers say . Doubts about the Ivory Coast 's cocoa production have led to increasingly volatile cocoa prices . "  If there 's a bad cropping season , if there 's an insect pest or fungal disease that goes through the Ivory Coast , that can impact the whole market , " Guyton said . Recently , the market has attracted speculators who , betting that prices will rise , buy up cocoa stocks and store them to sell later . In a headline-generating move , London based hedge fund Armajaro took delivery of 240,100 tons of cocoa in July . That order accounted for around 7 percent of annual global production and caused cocoa prices to rise to their highest level in more than 30 years . The upward trend in cocoa prices has affected consumers , to a degree . In the past two to three years , most chocolate companies have increased their prices , " Pipitone from the International Cocoa Organization said . But , he added , the chocolate sector is quite competitive so firms have been looking for ways to avoid passing on rising input costs to their customers . "  Companies do n't want to lose market share , so there are some who have reduced the size of their chocolate portions to limit the price increase . Some have also changed their chocolate recipes , using less cocoa . " Pipitone does n't expect any substantial increase in chocolate prices in the near term . "  This year and the next few , we do n't need to be concerned that our chocolate bars will increase in price , " he said . But he warned , further down the line there are key concerns supplies will not meet demand -- a problem the industry is trying to address by diversifying its supply away from the Ivory Coast and other West African nations and into countries such as Indonesia and Vietnam .	The Ivory Coast is the world 's top supplier of cocoa , producing 35 percent of global supplies After increased cocoa production in the 1990s , production has flat-lined in the past 10 years Political instability has delayed investment in the Ivory Coast 's cocoa industry Other challenges include lack of credit and a shift among Ivorian farmers away from cocoa to more reliable crops
Burlington , Vermont  CNN  -- Residents of Vermont know their work is cut out for them as they struggle for normalcy after enduring the wrath of Irene . The landlocked rural state saw fast-moving floods spawned by the storm swarm towns from Brattleboro to Woodstock . "  It 's heartbreaking to see your home and home state destroyed -- and seeing places and landmarks that you can recognize even from early childhood now destroyed by flooding , " said Ryan Ritter who lives in Rutland near the state 's border with New York . There was no way in or out of his town , the 20-year-old Ritter said . The story was much the same in the southern town of Wilmington . Cut off on several sides , the Vermont National Guard had to travel through neighboring Massachusetts to get rescue crews to the small , cut-off community . "  Irene hit us hard . A lot of businesses were destroyed . Loss of property -- roads , bridges , homes washed away , " said Rachel Lazelle . "  It is going to take a long time to rebuild . " On Tuesday , Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate planned to tour flooded communities in the state . A day earlier , President Barack Obama signed a disaster declaration , allowing federal aid to the state . "  It 's just devastating , " Gov. Peter Shumlin said Monday . "  Whole communities under water , businesses , homes , obviously roads and bridges , rail transportation infrastructure , " he said . "  We 're tough folks up here but Irene ... really hit us hard . " Three deaths had been confirmed as a result of the storm . Hundreds of people remained trapped in communities cut off by raging floodwaters that washed out or otherwise damaged 263 roads and bridges , Shumlin said . Exactly how many were stranded remained unclear , he said , because it 's difficult to get into many communities . The governor described conditions as "  probably the toughest flooding that we 've seen in the state of Vermont in our history . " Normally tranquil streams poured through city streets and thrashed against buildings and bridges , including some of the state 's iconic covered bridges . Four to six of the covered bridges were destroyed in the flooding , officials said . Even the state emergency management headquarters in Waterbury was flooded , forcing officials to evacuate to Burlington , about 20 miles away . Many areas of the state remained under flood watches and warnings early Tuesday , with the National Weather Service reporting continued record flooding in some locations . Unlike many states , Vermont did not order or suggest evacuations . Many of the state 's towns are in lowlands and there are few large areas of dry land , so large-scale evacuations are impractical , Shumlin said . Marc Leibowitz , a New Yorker , knew the threat Irene posed for his home state . But he did n't think he 'd feel its effects in Vermont where his friends and family had arrived over the weekend for his wedding . "  My friends were telling me , ` This is awesome ! You got us out of New York for the weekend , " Leibowitz said . Now , they are stranded in Pittsfield in central Vermont , with no roads to get them out . "  We are making the best of things , " he said . But he is also keeping an eye on the calendar and his fingers crossed . He is really looking forward to his honeymoon Thursday . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and iReport 's Christina Zdanowicz and Carly Costello contributed to this report .	Many parts of the state remain under flood advisories Flood waters have cut off several communities in the state President Barack Obama signed a disaster declaration Officials say three people have died as a result of the storm
CNN  -- The federal government has shut down for the first time since 1996 and all eyes are focused on House Speaker John Boehner . Will he continue to insist upon tying a repeal or delay of Obamacare to a funding bill ? Or will he bring the Senate-passed funding bill to the House floor and hope that he can convince 17 Republicans to join hands with the chamber 's 200 Democrats and vote to re-open the federal government ? It all depends on whether he chooses to follow or ignore the Hastert Rule . The choice is n't an easy one , as his speakership quite likely hangs in the balance . The Hastert Rule is named after former Speaker Dennis Hastert , who did not bring bills to the floor unless those bills were supported by a majority of House Republicans . It is not a formal rule , but rather a promise to uphold the will of a majority of the majority . House Republicans expected Boehner to uphold the rule and he pledged to do so . But the shutdown and the upcoming showdown over raising the debt limit underscore Boehner 's leadership dilemma -- almost any bill that a majority of House Republicans support is dead on arrival in the Democratic-controlled Senate . Fewer laws were passed in the last Congress than in any Congress since 1861 , and based on the number of floor votes taken so far this year , the current Congress is on track to be even less productive . It is also the most partisan Congress since the Civil War era . As the shutdown gets under way , many are looking for signs of what kind of leader Boehner will be . Instead , they should consider what kind of leader he can be , given the political hand he 's been dealt . Gone are the days of House speakers plying members with promises of pork and campaign money . Earmarks have been banned , most incumbents do their own fundraising , and for many of the chamber 's newer members , ideology trumps party loyalty . The electoral landscape does n't help . In 1995-96 , when the federal government last shut down , 34 % of House Republicans represented districts that Bill Clinton won in 1992 . Today , just 7 % of House Republicans come from districts that President Obama won last year . There is almost no electoral incentive for these members to compromise . The bottom line is that Boehner 's arsenal is limited . He is hamstrung by the very institution and members he is supposed to lead . So what are Boehner 's options at this point ? He could , as he has done previously , pass a funding bill on the backs of House Democrats . The 2011 and 2012 omnibus spending bills , the 2011 Budget Control Act , and the 2012 Payroll Tax Bill all passed the House because of Democratic support . And earlier this year , Boehner brought the Violence Against Women Act and the Hurricane Sandy Relief bill to the floor , despite opposition from a majority of House Republicans . These bills had bipartisan support in the Senate , making it difficult for Boehner to dig his heels in and stand behind his conservative majority . Flash forward to now . What is the House speaker 's calculus , given that the Senate passed its funding bill on a party-line vote ? Absent the pressure to appease Republican senators , Boehner will have a tough time justifying any move to defy the will of his party 's majority . Convincing House Republicans to pass the Senate 's funding bill and re-open the federal government will require him to lead in a way that may not be possible , should he wish to remain speaker . No House speaker wants to go down in history for a legislative record opposed by the majority of his or her own party . And no speaker wants to go down in history for presiding over one of the most unproductive Congresses in history . But these are Boehner 's choices . While Hastert relied on a majority of the majority , Boehner has had to rely on a minority of the majority , together with a majority of the minority , to pass important legislation . The "  Boehner Rule " is hardly the stuff to which great leaders aspire . It may , however , prove more productive than following the lead of his majority . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marian Currinder and Josh Huder .	The federal government has shut down for the first time since 1996 Marian Currinder , Josh Huder : What will House Speaker John Boehner do ? They say as Boehner faces tough choices , his Speakership hangs in the balance Currinder , Huder : Will he rely on a minority of the majority of his party to pass bill ?
CNN  -- A spokesman for the Kenya Defense Forces has identified four terrorists who took part in the deadly Nairobi mall attack last month . They are : Khattab al-Kene , an American Somali ; Abu Baara al-Sudani , from Sudan ; Omar Nabhan , from Kenya ; and a man identified only as Umayr . It was not clear what Khattab al-Kene 's name may have been in the United States . The four died when the part of the mall they were in collapsed , Maj. Emmanuel Chirchir said . The charred bodies of the four are undergoing DNA verification , Chirchir said . Zain Verjee : I cant ' get image of Westgate bodies out of my mind Kenya 's Counter-Terrorism Office said Nabhan was related to former senior Al Qaeda in Somalia operative , Saleh Ali Nabhan , who was killed in a U.S. strike in southern Somalia in 2009 . Both men were from Mombasa , Kenya . Saleh Ali Nabhan was killed when U.S. special operations forces used a helicopter to fire on his car in September 2009 . He was believed to be connected to the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . He was also believed to be behind the coordinated 2002 attack on an Israeli-owned hotel in Mombasa , and a failed attempt to shoot down an Israeli charter flying from Mombasa to Tel Aviv . Throughout the four-day attack at the Westgate mall , it was unclear how many perpetrators were involved . On Day Two , Kenyan authorities said between 10 and 15 attackers were involved . The Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility . Sources within the group said as many as three attackers were from the United States , two were from Somalia , and the others were one each from Canada , Finland , Kenya and the United Kingdom . Kenya 's Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed told PBS "  NewsHour " that the attackers came from Kenya , the UK and the U.S. "  The Americans , from the information we have , are young men , about between maybe 18 and 19 . " They are of Somali origin , but lived in Minnesota or other parts of the United States , she said , adding that underlines "  the global nature of this war that we 're fighting . " On Day Four , as the operation wound down , Kenya 's President Uhuru Kenyatta said five terrorists were killed by Kenyan forces . Eleven others were in custody , he said , suspected of links to the attacks . It 's not over , Somali terrorists say CNN 's Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report .	Kenya names an American , a Sudanese , a Kenyan , and one man with no country listed The four died when the part of the mall they were in collapsed , Kenyan military spokesman says The charred bodies of the four are undergoing DNA verification , he says The American is named Khattab al-Kene ; no info on whether he had a different name in the U.S.
CNN  -- The Pakistani military reported killing 40 militants Thursday near the border with Afghanistan -- the latest in a string of clashes in a frontier region rife with extremism . Pakistani soldiers carry their weapons as they patrol . On the other side of the border , however , security forces have made such gains that a top American commander said Wednesday he does not expect a Taliban offensive in eastern Afghanistan this spring . The flare-up of violence on the Pakistani side of the border , along with the commander 's comments in Washington , suggest that the Taliban and its al Qaeda allies may be focusing more on western Pakistan even as violence subsides just across the border in Afghanistan . Defense Secretary Robert Gates recently noted the increase in activity in Pakistan . "  Al Qaeda right now seems to have turned its face toward Pakistan and attacks on the Pakistani government and Pakistani people , " he said on December 31 . In the latest clashes in Pakistan , the military said it killed 40 "  miscreants " and detained 30 in South Waziristan , a remote tribal region on the Afghan border that is a stronghold for militants allied to the Taliban and al Qaeda . Clashes between the Pakistani armed forces and militants there have killed scores of people in recent weeks . The increasing violence on the Pakistani border comes amid security improvements just over the border , in eastern Afghanistan , according to an assessment provided Wednesday by U.S. Army Maj. Gen. David Rodriguez , who commands American forces in eastern Afghanistan . The general said Wednesday that he did not expect the Taliban to launch an offensive in eastern Afghanistan this spring , as some have expected . The United States recently announced plans to send about 3,000 Marines to southern Afghanistan , however , citing the possibility of a spring offensive in that region . In the eastern part of the country , Afghan and American security forces report fewer militants crossing into the country from Pakistan , Rodriguez said . Challenges remain , he said , but functioning local governments and increased commerce have boosted confidence . "  Every day in eastern Afghanistan , we see progress in security , development and governance , " he said in a Pentagon press briefing . "  The people of Afghanistan do n't want the Taliban back , and the strength of their institutions has grown significantly in the last year . " E-mail to a friend	Pakistani military reports killing 40 militants near the border with Afghanistan This is the latest in a string of clashes in a frontier region rife with extremism Taliban and its al Qaeda allies may be focusing more on western Pakistan
London  CNN  -- If your mother is one of the world 's best-loved children 's authors who has written more than 70 books and sold well in excess of 11.5 million copies , you might think about taking a different career path . Not Clara Vulliamy . Undaunted by the success of her mother Shirley Hughes , whose creations include Dogger and the Alfie series , Vulliamy has followed her lead . She has written and illustrated 25 children 's books and -- like her mother -- wrote her first book soon after having children of her own . Now the mother-daughter team have collaborated for the first time on a new series called "  Dixie O'Day " , written by Hughes and illustrated by Vulliamy , with the first book to be published in September 2013 . It will be the first time in a career spanning 53 years that Hughes , 85 , has had her words illustrated by someone else . She said it was "  absolutely marvelous " to work with her daughter . "  I loved it , " said Hughes . "  Clara 's illustrations surprised as well as delighted me . She put things into the book I would never have dreamed of doing myself . " Vulliamy 's influence is immediately apparent : Hughes 's books are known for their realistic portrayal of everyday family dramas , from lost toys to days at the seaside . But , at Vulliamy 's suggestion , the heroes of Dixie O'Day are two dogs in suits . She is used to writing about animals , while her mother never before has . "  I just ca n't put into words how much I have enjoyed it , " said Vulliamy , 50 , of working with her mother . "  We sat at the same kitchen table working together in the house that I grew up in . We came up with the story together and talked about the illustrations . We laughed a lot . " Vulliamy insists she was never intimated by following such a successful mother . "  She is such a treasured part of so many people 's family lives , " said Vulliamy . "  That does n't make me feel daunted . I feel 10 feet tall . " Vulliamy is the youngest of three children of Hughes and her late husband John Vulliamy and it was obvious from a young age she had inherited her mother 's talent for words and pictures . "  I knew Clara was going to draw , from the earliest years , " said Hughes . "  She was especially interested in narrative drawing - telling a story in pictures - which was just the same with me when I was small . " Vulliamy grew up watching her mother drawing , but had no idea that she was a famous author . "  I did n't really realize she was famous at any point when I was a child , " she said . "  It might be because children are taken up with themselves . I just thought she was my mum . It was n't until I was grown up that I realized . " Vulliamy also said her mother neither read her own books to her children nor taught them to draw , but remembers her work being pushed to one side of the table in their home in west London at mealtimes . "  There was time and space to do my own thing , " said Vulliamy . "  It was a hands-off , creative environment . "  I first started writing my own stories and doing illustrations when I was five . I just drew and made things and when I ran out of paper I started on the walls . There was nothing else I ever wanted to do . " Vulliamy went to art school and began her career painting portraits and doing illustrations for newspapers . But two weeks after her first child Jack , now 21 , was born , Vulliamy began her new career as an author and wrote her first book , "  Ellen and Penguin . " "  Perhaps the huge life change of having a child revealed to me what was there all along , " she said . That book , like most she has written since , took between three and six months to complete . "  I have an over-flowing waste paper basket and the words take me a really long time , " said Vulliamy . "  Sometimes I can spend all morning writing one sentence and all afternoon rubbing it out . " Vulliamy is best known for her books The Bear With Sticky Paws and Martha and the Bunny Brothers . A new book , "  I heart bedtimes  Martha and the Bunny Brothers  is due out in the UK on March 28 . Her illustrations are bold , simple and are usually of fully-clothed , talking animals ; very different from her mother 's intricate and realistic drawings of children . At 85 , Hughes has cut down on her traveling , but has no intention of retiring from her writing . "  I would much rather not retire at all , " said Hughes . "  I love working , and a full morning 's work is still very much part of my daily routine . " Shirley Hughes will appear with Clara and her two sons Ed and Tom Vulliamy in a talk called "  Keeping it in the Family " at Oxford Literary Festival on March 16 .	Children 's author Shirley Hughes has written more than 70 books and sold more than 11.5 million copies Her daughter Clara Vulliamy followed in her footsteps as a writer and illustrator and has written 25 books Their first collaboration Dixie O'Day is published in September , written by Hughes and illustrated by Vulliamy
Washington  CNN  -- With "  candor comes a measure of vulnerability . " Sonia Sotomayor wants readers to know in the first pages of her new memoir that this will be different from other books by members of the Supreme Court . The dynamic story of the first Latina to sit as a justice seeks to inspire by revealing often-painful chapters in her self-described "  extraordinary journey " : her father 's early death from alcoholism ; a complex , often distant relationship with her mother ; growing up poor in the Bronx projects ; self-doubts about her looks , brief failed marriage ; and professional path . But her strengths are celebrated , too : self-reliance to the point of giving herself insulin shots at age 7 , after being diagnosed with diabetes ; her loyalty to a large circle of friends ; and vivid pride in her Puerto Rican heritage . "  Experience has taught me you can not value dreams according to the odds of their coming true , " she writes in "  My Beloved World "  Knopf/Random House  . "  Their real value is in stirring within us the will to aspire . That will , wherever it finally leads , does at least move you forward . " She will speak this week in depth to CNN 's Soledad O'Brien and CNN en Espanol 's Juan Carlos Lopez . ____________ The 58-year-old Sotomayor was named to the high court in 2009 after 17 years as a federal judge in New York . Her autobiography ends as she takes the bench in 1992 . The narrative is often hauntingly personal : no legal analyses here . Anyone seeking to glean her views of hot-button political issues like abortion , health care reform , or same-sex marriage will be disappointed . Clarence Thomas speaks in court Some of the most vivid recollections concern her Type 1 diabetes . Sotomayor recounts how she gave herself the shots of out necessity , with her mother gone much of the day at work , and her father 's illness causing his hands to tremble . And within her from that early age was a sense of destiny she has struggled at times to shape . When young Sonia was diagnosed in 1962 , the prospects of living a full life past her 40s were not good . "  I 've lived most of my life inescapably aware that it is precious and finite , " she writes . "  The reality of diabetes always lurked in the back of my mind , and early on I accepted the probability that I would die young . " In many ways she considers that decades-long awareness a "  gift " -- to persevere , grasp life at its fullest every day . She now manages her illness with ease -- at public events she has been seen giving herself needle shots , with hardly anyone noticing . Sotomayor deals candidly with death , especially her father Juan 's spiral from drink , and the effect it had on Sonia 's mother especially . The loving daughter recalls the bottles of booze the family later discovered hidden in "  Papi 's " bedroom , including under the mattress . Her beloved cousin Nelson 's early death from AIDS is chronicled . In one amazing scene , she unwittingly drives him in his last weeks to an "  appointment . " "  He asked me to wait , so I sat in the car , parked outside the rundown tenement in Hunts Point  a neighborhood in the Bronx  , " she recalls . "  Inside he 'd been scoring heroin . I wanted to kick myself -- how could anyone , let alone an assistant district attorney who 'd seen everything I 'd seen , be so naive . I recited that essential lesson of Papi 's , simplistic but true : Good people can do bad things , make bad choices . It does n't make them bad people . " Even Sotomayor 's long smoking habit -- puffing up to three and a half packs a day -- gets the full unvarnished treatment , especially the difficulties of her quitting . ___________ The other driving narrative in this memoir is her heritage , rich with stories of childhood visits to the island of her parents ' birth . She intimately describes the sounds and smells of her Bronx neighborhood too , especially the weekly visits to her paternal grandmother Mercedes -- whom she called Abuelita -- where food , dancing , and poetry readings brought some of the happiest moments of her childhood . Pizza bomber appeal rejected The justice says an innate awareness of larger forces around her often-chaotic childhood helped ground her , leaving the girl more trusting of her own instincts than what her once-distant mother and Catholic school education could provide . Her motto when she was in doubt : "  Listen carefully and observe until I figured things out . " Young Sonia 's evident intelligence and self-determination were boosted by affirmative action , just getting a hold in American society in the early 1970s , when she began applying for college . Sotomayor admits not being fully aware of its impact in her own life at that age , but certain polar memories still leave a bad taste . A fellow Hispanic student criticized her for not being more militant about the discrimination Hispanics were facing , while a high school employee baldly questioned whether as an underprivileged minority she truly deserved to go to Princeton University . "  I felt like an alien landing in a different universe , " she says of her early college days , relating an experience shared by many of her minority friends . "  There were vultures circling , ready to dive when we stumbled . The pressure to succeed was relentless , even if self-imposed out of fear and insecurity . " She drove herself hard to overcome that doubt , determined to prove critics wrong . "  I had been admitted to the Ivy League through a special door , and I had more ground than most to make up before I was competing with my classmates on an equal footing , " she writes . But "  to doubt the worth of minority students ' achievement when they succeed is really only to present another face of the prejudice that would deny them a chance even to try . " The young woman from the Bronx projects graduated with honors from Princeton and later Yale Law School . ____________ Sotomayor is unmarried , has no children , and her laser focus on her work as a prosecutor , private lawyer , and later justice -- she admits somewhat sadly -- has often been at the sacrifice of greater personal growth . She concedes that her intensity and drive has initially turned off some people . Her longtime paralegal developed hives when dealing with the often-brusque new boss for the first time . Sotomayor also overheard a law firm colleague describe her as "  one tough bitch " who would not be pushed around by adversaries . "  I was shaken to hear myself so harshly categorized , " she recalls . "  When I 'm focused intensely on work , I become oblivious to social cues , or any cues for that matter . " Seeing Justice Sotomayor on the high court , zeroing in on a lawyer 's presentation at oral argument , is to witness that blend of street-smart manner , combined with a steely intellect . She does not mess around . But in private , her demeanor is another story . When talking with her in small , intimate settings , Sotomayor quickly , easily makes you the sole center of her attention , bringing a warm smile and understanding manner . Being single has also allowed her time to embrace the many dozens of relatives and colleagues -- many of them mentors -- she holds close to her , her "  familia . " "  I 've always turned the families of friends into family of my own , " she writes proudly . In her newest role , Sotomayor has become an international role model , something she admits can be affecting and overwhelming at the same time . "  My education continues on the Supreme Court as I reckon with the particular demands of the finality of review , " in the decisions the justice and her eight colleagues issue . She ends her book , "  My highest aspiration for my work on the Court is to grow in understanding beyond what I can foresee , beyond any borders visible from this vantage . "	Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has a new memoir , "  My Beloved World " She is the first Latina to sit on the high court The 58-year-old was named to the court in 2009 after 17 years as a federal judge
A man who checked in to the Navy 's Substance Abuse and Recovery Program for alcoholism treatment was also treated for a Google Glass addiction , according to a new study . San Diego doctors say the 31-year-old man "  exhibited significant frustration and irritability related to not being able to use his Google Glass . " He has a history of substance abuse , depressive disorder , anxiety disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder , they say . The man was using his Google Glass for up to 18 hours a day in the two months leading up to his admission in September 2013 , according to the study . He wore it to work and reported feeling more confident in social situations while wearing it . He removed it only to sleep and bathe , according to the study authors . The controversial eyewear allows users to access online information , shoot photos or video and send messages . It is controlled by voice or by using the tiny touchpad on its side . Potential dangers of wearing the device , including decreased awareness and headaches , have been documented . Google Glass users frequently reach for the device , tapping near their temples to control its features ; this patient repeatedly did the same , even when the device was not there . "  He reported that if he had been prevented from wearing the device while at work , he would become extremely irritable and argumentative , " the doctors write . This is the first known case of Internet addiction disorder involving Google Glass , according to the study authors . It is not a recognized disorder in the latest edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , the go-to resource book for mental health professionals . "  Individuals with IAD manifest severe emotional , social , and mental dysfunction in multiple areas of daily activities due to their problematic use of technology and the internet , " according to the study abstract . While in the treatment program , the man experienced withdrawal symptoms that he reportedly said were much worse than the withdrawal he went through from alcohol . After 35 days at the center , the patient reported a reduction in irritability and was no longer repeatedly moving his hand to his temple . However , doctors say he continued to "  intermittently experience dreams as if looking through the device . "	Google Glass user treated for Internet addiction disorder Internet addiction disorder is not recognized by mental health bible User reported irritability when not able to use Google Glass
Paipote , Chile  CNN  -- In short order , freed miner Victor Antonio Segovia dispatches with some of the myths swirling around the 33 men rescued from the depths of the earth this week : He has no plans to write a book about what he endured in the San Jose mine , he is n't going to sue anyone for the collapse , and he intends to go back to working in the area 's mines . "  Just not that one , " Segovia says . All day Friday in the hardscrabble mining town of Paipote , Segovia 's family and neighbors ready the Segovia family home for his arrival from the nearby hospital . All 33 men underwent a barrage of medical testing to see how their record days of imprisonment underground had affected them mentally and physically . All but two miners were released from the hospital Friday , and all the men are expected to make a full recovery . The Segovia family was particularly hard hit by the collapse . Two of the other trapped miners , Esteban and Pablo Rojas , are Segovia 's cousins . "  Welcome home Victor Segovia , " one neighbor said as she carried a handwritten sign greeting the miner into his home . "  If God has given you a new life and chance , grab on to it with everything you have . " The family has received gifts . While Victor 's brother Pedro Segovia waits under the scorching sun of Chile 's Atacama desert , he nervously toys with a brand new Sony media player . An anonymous gift left for the now famous miner . Pedro Segovia said his brother is tough and untouched by how close he came to dying in the dark recesses of the earth . "  We missed him a lot , " Pedro Segovia said . But for him its just like another shift . As if he worked for eight hours and came home . If Segovia has troubling memories of his long , forced stay in the mine , so far he has n't shared them with his brother . "  He 'll tell me at some point , " Pedro Segovia said . "  What happened , what he lived through . " Inside the Segovia house are hints of how he passed the long weeks of eternal darkness . Two Chilean flags decorate a wall in a courtyard behind the Segovia 's home . In carefully etched blue ink Victor drew a miner with a drill over a 33 on the white section of the flag . Below , each miner wrote his name and put his signatures in ordered columns . "  For you with all my heart , " Segovia wrote his mother Blanca . The flags were a gift for her 50th wedding anniversary and were delivered by way of the "  paloma " tube system that sent food and letters to the men . "  He likes to play the guitar , accordion and organ , " Blanca Segovia said with pride about her son , who learned to play the instruments without any formal training . "  We are going to have a nice party for him . " But for the guest of honor just getting to the party will be almost as difficult as the previous legs of his journey . As the afternoon wears on , more and more media trickle into the neighborhood . Tripods and cameras are posted like sentries in front of the Segovia home . It has all the makings of an ugly media scene . So photographers agree and shake hands that all will stay in a fixed line so everyone can get an unobstructed shot of Segovia 's homecoming . But hours later as Segovia steps from a van , a still photographer lurches forward and the plan is scrapped . Pushing against the wave of cameramen , Chilean police nearly have to carry the miner into his family 's home . One of the photographers gets into a showing match with an officer after the melee . As the party gets under way , though , clapping and joyous chants of "  Chi Chi Chi , Le Le Le , los mineros de Chile , " can be heard from outside the house . Then journalists still hanging around the house receive an invitation to come in and speak with the miner . Segovia appeared understandably worn from his ordeal and the crush of media attention . As reporters ask him questions , he looks down . His voice is soft and his answers are clipped . "  That was quite something , " he said simply of the August 5 mine collapse . "  That was something very ugly . " He said he has been to Camp Hope , where family members waited for the miners ' rescue . "  I do n't need to go back , " he said . Segovia said he missed his family terribly while in the mine . And , he said , he has become someone who "  thinks more about God . " "  We were a team , " he said of the 33 men . "  But all the same there were problems . So much time together , like any family , the problems start but were ones we worked out . " Other miners have told CNN that the 33 men swore an oath never to discuss the details of what took place as the men struggled to survive in the mine . Before he goes back to the party , Segovia makes it clear he is not completely free of the mine . "  Down there you were always tired and did n't have any nightmares , " he said . "  Here you have nightmares until you realize you are out . "	Victor Segovia , two of his cousins were trapped in the San Jose mine Pedro Segovia says his brother is tough and untouched by how close he came to dying Segovia says he does n't feel the need to visit Camp Hope Segovia says he has become someone who "  thinks more about God "
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- A Japanese food corporation has recalled five products after determining they contained the chemical melamine that has been blamed for the deaths of four children and sickening thousands of others . Officials stresses though that there were no reports of anyone becoming ill from consuming the sweets , which were made with ingredients imported from China , according to a representative of Tokyo 's Marudai Food . The recall was issued several days ago . Tests found a ratio of 37 milligrams of melamine per kilogram of the products , the company said Friday . Japan is the latest country to report products tainted with melamine after thousands of Chinese children fell ill . The illnesses were traced to infant formula to which the toxic chemical had been added in Chinese dairy plants . Nearly 53,000 children in China have been sickened by the formula or other products containing melamine . Four babies have died , and five Hong Kong children have suffered melamine-related illnesses . Dozens of countries have banned or recalled Chinese milk products . Watch how the scandal has spread beyond milk " Hong Kong officials said Friday that a type of Heinz cereal and wasabi crackers were recalled after they were found to contain excessive melamine . Test results for another 40 samples of baby food are pending , said Hong Kong 's Centre for Food Safety . Earlier Friday , the maker of a widely distributed Chinese candy linked to the melamine scandal said it would stop selling the confection in China . The manufacturer , Guanshengyan , had already recalled exports of White Rabbit Creamy Candies , and food-safety authorities worldwide have pulled them from shelves . On Thursday , the European Union joined authorities worldwide in banning the import of Chinese milk products for children . Chinese authorities have arrested 18 people in a nationwide investigation . They include two brothers who face charges of selling contaminated milk ; the brothers could face death if convicted , according to China Daily , a state-run newspaper . Watch Chinese government reaction " The raw milk used to produce powdered baby formula had been watered down , and the chemical melamine was added so it would pass quality checks , the newspaper said . Adding melamine makes a product seem to have a higher protein level . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . It is the same industrial contaminant that was found last year in pet food produced in China that poisoned and killed thousands of U.S. dogs and cats . Watch the fallout from the scandal " Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . It also robs infants of much-needed nutrition .	Japanese company recalls 5 products after finding they contained melamine Chemical blamed for deaths of four children in China , thousands sickened Food safety authorities around the globe pull candies from shelves EU announces a ban on imports of baby food containing Chinese milk
CNN  -- Twenty-nine pilot whales that were part of a pod that was stranded off the Florida coast are still missing , and scientists are asking the public for help in finding them . The missing whales were among 51 stranded on the edge of Everglades National Park last week , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Twenty-two of those whales are confirmed dead , and scientists are performing necropsies to figure out why . The only commonality so far is that all the dead adult whales are female , scientists said . Eleven dead whales were spotted Sunday in the lower Florida Keys , and 11 others were found dead last week . Some whales were spotted alive on Friday , when a pod of 20 was seen five nautical miles offshore , moving inshore and in a southward direction . They were reportedly swimming slowly and in a disorganized fashion , which might suggest exhaustion , dehydration or malnutrition , according to NOAA . Pilot whales are protected under the Marine Mammal Protection Act , but they are not endangered . Mass strandings by pilot whales are not uncommon in Florida . In 2012 , nearly two dozen pilot whales stranded and beached themselves . In 2011 , 23 pilot whales stranded and beached themselves . Anyone who spots the whales in the waters off southern Florida are asked to call 877-WHALE-HELP .	29 pilot whales that were stranded are still missing off the Florida coast Scientist call on public for help in spotting them The whales were last sen alive on Friday , swimming slowly
CNN  -- A museum in Italy is burning artworks from around the world to protest harsh austerity cuts by the Italian government . Antonio Manfredi , director of the Casoria Contemporary Art Museum in Naples , kicked off the protest this week by setting fire to a painting by French artist Severine Bourguignon . Manfredi says the museum will burn three artworks each week as part of its "  Art War " campaign . "  I have 1,000 artworks from artists around the world , and they 're already facing destruction due to the indifference of the government , " he told CNN . "  We want the government to pay attention to the country 's cultural institutions . " In the face of mounting debt problems , Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti has enacted tough austerity measures in an attempt to keep the country from defaulting . Manfredi says those cuts have hit cultural institutions hard , and that a handful of museums in Rome , Palermo and elsewhere have closed in recent months due to lack of funding . The museum is only burning works with the blessing of their artists . Bourguignon watched the burning of her painting via Skype , Manfredi says , and artist Rosaria Matarese from Naples torched her wood sculpture in person at the museum on Wednesday . Other European artists are joining the protest -- Welsh sculptor John Brown burned one of his artworks on YouTube , and Manfredi says other artists will light up their artworks via Skype next week . "  Next week the first one is an artist from Austria , " he told CNN . "  I hope that the government stops me because this is terrible what I 'm doing . " While Manfredi has never received government funding for his museum , he says he wants the government to come to Naples "  just to see how difficult it is to be a museum here with no money . " Manfredi says the government has yet to respond to his protest , and says he wo n't stop until they answer .	Italian museum to burn 3 artworks a week to protest budget cuts First artwork was painting by French artist Severine Bourguignon Artists from around Europe join "  Art War " protest
EW.com  -- Rita Ora , best known as a singer signed to Jay Z 's Roc Nation label , has been cast as Mia , Christian Grey 's adopted sister , in "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " The British pop star has only four IMDb credits to her name , so this will be a pretty high-profile introduction to her acting . Dakota Johnson on ` Fifty Shades ' : I really understand it Ora confirmed the news , first reported by The Hollywood Reporter , on Twitter : "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " which just began shooting Monday and arrives in theaters in February 2015 , stars Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan as Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey . See photo of Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan on set The best-selling book-turned-potential film franchise also stars Max Martini  bodyguard Jason Taylor  and newcomer Eloise Mumford  roommate Kate Kavanaugh  . In the books , Mia is described as tall and curvaceous  Ora has that covered  , but she 's also said to have raven hair . Does Ora fit the bill in your mind ? See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rita Ora has been cast as Christian Grey 's sister in "  Fifty Shades " The Brit pop star is a relative newcomer to acting Ora confirmed the news on Twitter
TIME.com  -- Want to get in shape , but just do n't have the time ? We found a workout that can scorch calories in as few as four minutes . Logging an hour-long run on the treadmill may be great exercise , but it can be mind-numbingly dull . And while there are lots of other unique workouts and quirky classes to be had at the gym nowadays , they 're not for everyone . Plus , they all require at least 45 minutes or an hour of your time . So with my fellow time-strapped workout warriors in mind , I sampled the Tabata class at Equinox in New York City and discovered that its condensed "  Get-R-Done " workout style is a potential solution for the "  I do n't have time " excuse . TIME.com : We tried Barry 's Bootcamp Tabata Protocol is a scientifically proven method to boost endurance in only about 25 minutes or so . It 's based on studies of high-intensity intermittent training by Japanese researcher Izumi Tabata . In his original 1996 study , Tabata monitored athletes as they cycled at their absolute highest intensity -- 170 % of maximal oxygen uptake  VO2max  -- for 20 seconds , followed by 10 seconds of rest . This was done for four minutes at a time , for a total of up to eight cycles . Gyms and studios have adopted the technique and made it their own by adding music , equipment and various exercises to their classes , but the timed intervals typically remain the same . If followed correctly , Tabata should fatigue even the most fit gym bunnies . TIME.com : We tried SLT Megaformer workout In my Equinox class , instructor Amanda Young led us in rounds of high-intensity step-ups , lunges and push-ups . Twenty seconds never felt longer . "  In this format , you have an increase in your two energy systems : both the aerobic and the anaerobic , " says Young . "  This is almost like a sprint , so a lot of athletes use this method . In a football game for example , it 's very start-stop-start-stop . Using your anaerobic systems helps you build your endurance to do this . " TIME.com : Aerial Vinyasa  or upside-down  yoga The key to Tabata is pushing yourself to the wall of your peak performance at every interval -- you know , that point at which you feel as if you will pass out or pass up your lunch . Each exercise has modifications for optimal performance . During the push-up sequence , for example , I opted for run-of-the-mill push-ups while the body-builder next to me clapped between each one . Even though regular aerobic-style workouts like long-distance running and sculpting classes may burn more calories than Tabata for the duration of the exercise , Young argues that her class participants see the difference in the hours following the workout . "  During the 24 to 36 hours after your workout , there is an increase in your resting metabolic rate , " she explains . "  Basically , you are going to burn more fat over the next 24 to 36 hours than you normally would -- as opposed to if you were doing a steady state workout like running on a treadmill . " TIME.com : We tried the Urban Rebounding workout You can easily adapt the workout to fit your own gym routines . If you 're training for a run or a bike race , for example , you can apply the 20 seconds on/10 seconds rest model to your exercise of choice to best meet your training needs . But do n't go overboard , Young warns . She recommends doing Tabata two to three times a week at most . "  Your body will be too taxed to do it every day . You do n't really want to do any workout every day . The more you vary your workouts , the more benefits you will see , " she says . As long you 're cognizant of your personal fitness level , anyone can participate in Tabata . Just do n't forget to stretch afterward . It 's an understatement to say my quads were sore the following morning . This article originally published on TIME.com "  We tried this : Fast and furious Tabata " & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Tabata Protocol is proven to boost endurance in only about 25 minutes or so Method is based on studies of high-intensity intermittent training If done properly , Tabata should fatigue even the most fit gym bunnies
CNN  The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee on Sunday triggered a violent chain of events , eventually claiming the lives of three more people . It all started with a birthday party that little Damani Terry was attending . During the family gathering , he dashed out into the street and was struck and killed by a GMC van , according to Milwaukee police . The distraught driver , Archie Brown Jr. , 40 , immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy . But it was too late , police said . Damani was dead . Damani 's alarmed family came running , including his older brother , 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles , police said . That was not the end of the situation . Soon , two more people would also die : the driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man , police said . That man , identified as Ricky Ricardo Chiles III , was located late Wednesday at a Chicago-area hotel . He committed suicide as authorities closed in with a warrant for his arrest , Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn told reporters . "  Chicago police and United States Marshals Service entered the hotel room , whereupon Mr. Chiles took his own life with his firearm , " the police chief said Thursday . An accidental death , a fatal retaliation rips apart two families Damani 's family members had previously identified the shooting suspect as the boys ' uncle . "  Sunday was the worst day I ever lived in my whole entire life , " Lena Tidwell , told CNN affiliate WISN . "  It 's a day I wish had never , never came . " Tidwell is the boys ' grandmother and the mother of the alleged gunman . She said she was inside eating cake and ice cream at the birthday when her life turned upside down . "  I did n't know my grandbaby got hit , and then I heard people just screaming , " she said . "  Then I just heard gunshots , and my daughter ran in the house with the baby in her arms . " The family believes the uncle targeted Brown , and Rasheed was struck by an errant bullet . "  I heard he was trying to pick his brother up . He was trying to hold him and save him , " a family friend , Stephanie Townsend , told CNN affiliate WITI . Earlier this week , Flynn bemoaned the apparent madness of what happened . "  What did we have Sunday ? " Flynn asked . "  We had some clown take the law into his own hands and murder a guy who was doing what we expect good citizens to do , and oops , accidentally kill somebody else . "	Ricky Ricardo Chiles III was suspected in the shooting deaths of two people Police say the chain of events started Sunday when a 2-year-old dashed out in front a vehicle and was killed The driver of the vehicle and the boy 's older brother died from gunshots
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  After hours of heavy fighting , Kurdish fighters in Iraq have repelled an assault by ISIS fighters southwest of Irbil , Kurdish officials said . Kurdish commanders say ISIS fighters had threatened to overrun Kurdish defensive positions in the area for a while , and the two sides were so close that airstrikes were not possible . But by 3 a.m. local time Wednesday , the Peshmerga had succeeded in forcing ISIS back , allowing airstrikes to begin . The commanders said about 40 ISIS fighters were killed , and Kurdish forces suffered several casualties . They said airstrikes contributed to the ISIS deaths . ISIS launched the major assault from several directions Tuesday night near the towns of Gwer and Makhmour . The towns are about 45 kilometers  28 miles  from Irbil , the Kurdish capital . A CNN team was in the area less than two weeks ago and was told by fighters at the front that ISIS was making almost daily attempts to infiltrate through Kurdish lines , which are strung out along a stretch of the River Zab . Fortifications are few and far between . Volunteer fighters have very little in the way of weaponry . In January , nearly 30 Peshmerga fighters were killed in the area by a surprise ISIS attack across the river . Kurdish fighters battle equipment woes as well as ISIS in northern Iraq Kurdish officials said they were concerned ISIS fighters would break through their lines . Had that happened , there would be little standing between ISIS and the Kurdish capital . Tuesday 's attacks were likely aimed at drawing the already stretched Kurdish forces in many different directions to relieve the pressure on Mosul , which ISIS seized in June . Kurdish forces recently have been trying to surround Mosul to cut off ISIS ' lines of supply from Syria , setting up what could be an eventual assault to try to expel the terror group from the city . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Kurdish commanders say about 40 ISIS fighters were killed Fighting raged for hours between ISIS and Kurdish fighters near Irbil , Iraq
CNN  -- Those who were diagnosed with cancer after working at the World Trade Center site following the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks were relieved earlier this week to find out that the federal government would compensate them for their illnesses . But the news came too late for Jevon Thomas , a worker who died of a rare cancer in April , penniless and distraught . He was 45 . Thomas spent more than a year working on "  the pile , " breathing in fumes from burning jet fuel and asbestos . For 10 years , federal authorities said it was impossible to make a link between his work and his illness . "  He was so depressed . He did n't want to talk to anybody , " says his daughter , Monet Thomas . "  If he could have heard this news , it would have made him so happy . " It 's not known how many of those who worked at ground zero have died of cancer , according to Dr. Michael Crane , director of the World Trade Center Health Program Clinical Center at New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine . While relatives of deceased workers may file claims , the federal program provides no financial or emotional solace for the workers who have died . "  I 'm so grateful cancers were included , but when I 'm reminded of the people who 've died , I get a pain in my heart , " Crane says . "  It 's a real tragedy . " Former worker ' 100 percent ' sure cancer is linked to ground zero Did n't hesitate to say ` yes ' Thomas was working for a company that installs portable toilets when the planes hit the World Trade Center . He did n't hesitate to say yes when his boss asked him to set up toilets at ground zero for the emergency workers . He told CNN in an interview two years ago that he worked there without a mask for 10 hours a day , seven days a week , for about 14 months . Around the time he stopped working at ground zero , he noticed a lump on his hand . It turned out to be a rare cancer called epithelioid sarcoma . Thomas had several surgeries and rounds of chemotherapy and had to quit his $ 65,000-a-year job . His physician , Dr. Iris Udasin at Rutgers University , found him as much charity care as possible , but his family suffered financially as Thomas ' wife is disabled and could n't work to support their two young children . At the time , workers could apply for money from the federal September 11th Victim Compensation Fund if they suffered respiratory problems -- but not cancer , because a scientific link had not been found between the disease and breathing in the fumes at ground zero . "  Instead of everyone uniting , coming together , and figuring out a way to help you , they 're figuring out a way of not helping you to save a dollar , " Thomas said in 2010 . "  And that 's what it all boils down to . A dollar . " What hurt Thomas the most , his daughter says , is that after graduating high school with honors , she got accepted to a community college , attended orientation and then had to leave because her family could n't pay the tuition . More than anything , her father had wanted her to be the first in their family to attend college . "  He did n't care about himself . All he cared about was me and my brother , " Monet Thomas says through tears . "  He knew we needed help . " Her brother has n't been able to find work , her mother is too sick to work and Monet , 21 , supports the family by working as a hotel clerk in Secaucus , New Jersey . "  I feel like I 'm going nowhere , " she says . 58 cancers receive 9/11 coverage ` Tension between two poles ' When CNN interviewed Thomas two years ago , he said he was "  100 % sure " his cancer came from his work at ground zero . "  You ca n't work in an environment with so many different chemicals and carcinogens ... for a year straight , day in and day out , and not come down with something , " he said . But scientists were n't so sure . While someone 's cancer might be because of his or her work at ground zero , it might also have been a coincidence -- Thomas might have gotten cancer anyway . The long lag time makes it particularly difficult to study the link between ground zero and cancer . Cancer does n't develop quickly after breathing in something toxic , the way asthma might . Instead , leukemia can take five to six years to develop , and solid tumors can take 10 to 20 years . "  People were very concerned that they were going to pull the trigger on the  federal  coverage too soon and they would end up covering people who did n't have a World Trade Center cancer , " Crane says . "  They were trying to do this in an absolutely scientific way , according to rigorous principles of epidemiology , which is important to do , " Crane adds . "  But on the other hand , you have to balance that against the needs of needy and really sick people . There 's a tension between those two poles . " In the end , a study of firefighters helped persuade the government to include cancers . In the study , firefighters who worked at ground zero were 19 % more likely to develop cancer than firefighters who did not . Firefighters responding to 9/11 at increased cancer risk ` He would never take it back ' Monet Thomas says her father would be "  grateful " for the decision to compensate cancer victims who worked at ground zero , even though it took more than a decade . "  He would be crying right now , " she said when she heard about the decision . Even though her father was depressed , destitute and felt alone at the end of his life , she says he never regretted his work on the pile . "  He was proud of what he did , " she says . "  He was a hero , and he would never take it back . " CNN 's Stephanie Smith , William Hudson and Georgiann Caruso contributed to this report .	Jevon Thomas , 45 , died of a rare cancer in April Thomas worked setting up toilets at ground zero for emergency workers His illness led to financial hardship for his family "  He was proud of what he did , " Thomas ' daughter says
CNN  -- The world 's busiest airport is not in New York or London , but Atlanta . Whatever way it is measured -- passenger traffic or airplane movements -- Atlanta 's international airport tops the ranking . More than 95 million passengers passed through Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in 2012 , according to Airports Council International 's latest report that was released last year . The airport also boasts the highest number of takeoffs and landings , with 930,000 flight movements in 2012 . With such sheer volume , navigating an aircraft there can be a great challenge . Tom Staigle , chief pilot of Delta , whose main main hub is at Atlanta , compares the airport to "  a congested freeway . " "  We have on a clear day , 120 airplanes per hour flying in and out of here , so you have to be on your toes , " Staigle says . Atlanta has five runways that are kept busy with aircraft 's comings and goings . Pilots need to pay attention even when they are on the ground . "  You have to be careful to ensure you 're on the correct taxiway and you do n't end up on a runway , " says Delta pilot Stuart Kenny , "  or do something else and taxi to the wrong place as you 're getting ready for takeoff . " To give an idea how daunting it is to fly from and into Atlanta , Kenney takes CNN Business Traveller to a flight simulator . As a plane approaches Atlanta , a pilot would see the airport 's multiple runways , a field of aircraft and a multitude of activities . "  You 'd see aircraft in front of you , see aircraft over here on the north complex , " says Kenny , "  see aircraft taking off at the far end , and you 'd see guys turning onto the south runways . " That 's why those in the cockpit need to work closely with those in the airport control tower . "  Air traffic control and the pilots are working together , " says Kenney , "  so you have to monitor all these targets and make sure nobody incurs into your air space and causes a problem . " As the result , "  the radio traffic is daunting , says Kenney . "  The radio calls are constant , so you have to listen carefully . " And it is not just about managing landings and takeoffs . "  Think about the bags , and transferring passengers from all over the world , " Staigle says . "  Not only do they get where they need to be on time most of the time , but their bags come with them , and it 's a pleasant experience . " The world 's busiest airport is not among the world 's best , however . Of the 100 airports listed in Skytrax 's 2013 World Airport Awards ranking , Atlanta 's is at No. 48 , though it 's also named one of the most improved airports . For many pilots , their first landing in Atlanta is likely to be an unforgettable experience . "  It was really busy . I was a young co-pilot , and I was probably sweating a gallon of water , " Kenney recalls . As soon as they landed , he had to go through the after-landing checklist and talked on the radio . "  There 's no time to savor the experience , " says Kenney . It is the world 's busiest airport , after all .	Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is the world 's busiest airport More than 95 million passengers passed through the Atlanta airport in 2012 It handled 930,000 flight movements in the same year
CNN  -- Amid all the noise and chaos of a short-track speed skating final , there is one voice in the crowd Charles Hamelin can hear as clear as a bell . It belongs to his girlfriend and fellow speed skater Marianne St.-Gelais , urging the Canadian on to the finishing line in a competition that is as thrilling as it is dangerous . Hamelin likens his sport to walking on a wire in mid-air , but despite the precarious nature of his chosen discipline , he can always make out her voice above the din . "  She 's the only person I can actually hear when I 'm skating , " the double Olympic champion told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  She 's really loud in the stands but it 's like her voice gives me energy . If I know she 's there it gives me belief in myself . " They are both targeting next year 's Sochi Olympics in Russia , with St.Gelais -- now 23 -- having won two silvers at Vancouver 2010 while Hamelin became a national hero with two golds on the same day . "  We live together and I know what she 's doing and she knows what I 'm doing , and it 's a good thing to have someone to talk to about everything we love the most , " Hamelin said . That reassuring presence is clearly key for the 29-year-old from Quebec , in a sport where the margins are miniscule . With competitors haring around the ice at speeds that often near 40 mph , any involuntary nudge or bump can be fatal to their chances of glory . But for Hamelin , who has successfully negotiated his way to eight World Championship titles as well as those two Olympic gold medals , that flavor of danger fuels the adrenaline that keeps him coming back to the rink . "  When we go at our fastest speed it 's at the limit . You ca n't hold it but if you do , if you just let it go , you 're going to fall , " he explained . "  It 's like you 're walking on a wire in the air , and if you make a little step in the wrong direction , you 're going to fall . "  I think it 's a thrill to be on every corner -- every two seconds we have a corner . It 's a kind of a thrill doing a fast lap in short track and for us , that 's what we love , and that 's why we are great at it . " Strength is a prerequisite for any speed skater but Hamelin underlines the importance of being able to marry that power to shrewd in-race tactics . Rules forbid speed skaters to intentionally bump their fellow competitors out of the way but contact is inevitable in the jostle to take each corner first . Hamelin 's ability to steer the right course and adopt the proper tactics has seen him consistently hit the line ahead of his rivals . "  In short track there 's more strategy , there 's passing , there 's bumping , there 's a lot of action in short track , and it 's one of the reason why it 's a popular sport in the Olympics , " he said . "  You 're not allowed to push anyone , you 're not allowed to actually touch anyone , but for sure in a race you 're going to have to pass inside or outside and are going to bump a little bit . "  It 's not the strongest guy on the line who will win , it 's the smartest ; the guy who will do the best race , who will win the race , and it 's a good thing . " The risk of crashing is high , as is the risk of injury , so skaters learn from a young age how to survive the tumbles . "  When you know how to fall , the injuries are less and less , and you have a better chance to stay healthy , " Hamelin said . "  If you get injured during the summer , and you miss two or three weeks of training , then the year will be tough for you and not because you 're not a good skater . "  You have three weeks to catch up on everyone , so at our level it 's really difficult to do that and we try to avoid any big injury , especially when it 's an Olympic season . " Speed skating is a sport that runs in the blood of the Hamelin family . Charles ' brother Francois has also enjoyed success at the top level , as they formed one half of the Canadian relay team that secured gold in the 5,000 meters at the Vancouver Games in 2010 . Their father , Yves , is the program director for Canada 's short skating stars , and led the team to five medals in Vancouver . Francois started skating when he was five and Charles was soon hooked too . Their younger brother Mathieu also took up the sport and the family would spend hours on the ice honing their technique . Charles says it was when he turned 17 and made the World Junior Championships that he dared to dream that his goal of making the Olympics could become a reality . It did at the Winter Games in Turin in 2006 , and though his silver medal was an impressive return on debut , it only strengthened his resolve to hit the top of the podium four years later in front of a home crowd . "  It was my day , " he recalls . "  In the 500 meters I got the gold with a crazy race , a crazy finish , and 30 minutes after I came back on the top of the podium with all my teammates to win gold in the relay . "  Two golds in the one day , in 30 minutes , it was the best day of my life . " With a lifetime ambition fulfilled , some may have been forgiven for thinking Hamelin might take his foot off the gas but if anything , his Olympic success has only galvanized his love of competition . "  When you reach the top of Canada or the top of international competition and you touch the podium , you get the feel of it and you just want to repeat it , " he said . "  I just want to stay there as long as possible and that 's what keeps me wanting it more and more and more . "  Most people ask me why I continued after Vancouver because I won two gold medals , but I say , ' I love my sport and I love to win , so I want to keep doing it and be better at it . ' "	Speed skater Charles Hamelin says his sport is like walking on a wire in the air Hamelin is a two-time Olympic gold medalist and has eight World Championship titles When he is racing he says the only voice in the crowd he can hear is that of his girlfriend 's Hamelin says it is n't the strongest but the smartest competitor who succeeds
CNN  -- Michigan 's attorney general has requested a criminal investigation into the conduct of an embattled Massachusetts company linked to a recent deadly fungal meningitis outbreak . Michigan had at least 259 infections and 14 deaths , leading the nation in people affected by the outbreak last year , said Bill Schuette , the state 's attorney general . The outbreak , linked to tainted steroid injections from New England Compounding Center , killed 51 people and infected 730 people in 20 states , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . Massachusetts drug compounder recalls some of its injectables "  Hundreds of Michigan citizens and their families have endured terrible pain and deaths of loved ones suffering from illnesses caused by these tainted steroid injections , " said Schuette . "  This investigation is necessary to uncover the truth as to how this unspeakable tragedy happened and to restore public faith in our healthcare system . " Schuette said he filed a petition to the Michigan Court of Appeals to have a grand jury determine if the company broke any state laws "  when it distributed tainted steroid injections to patients at clinics in four Michigan counties . " What is a compounding pharmacy ? A representative of the New England Compounding Center could not immediately be reached for comment . Barry Cadden , owner and director of the company , was summoned to a congressional subcommittee in November but refused to answer questions , citing his constitutional right to remain silent . Mass. cracks down on compounding pharmacies The company filed for bankruptcy in December . Also last year federal authorities launched a criminal investigation into the practices at New England Compounding Center . A state pharmacy board also voted to permanently revoke the company 's license to operate as well as the licenses of the company 's three principal pharmacists . Symptoms of fungal meningitis can include headache , fever , nausea , stiff neck , new weakness or numbness anywhere in the body , slurred speech , pain or swelling at the injection site and sensitivity to light , according to the CDC . One woman 's fight for compounding pharmacy guidelines	At least 14 people have died from the outbreak , official says Some 51 people have died nationwide , the CDC says "  This investigation is necessary to uncover the truth , " attorney says
McDONOUGH , Georgia  CNN  -- Huddling in a dark parking lot outside a budget motel near Camp Shelby , Mississippi , the Callaway family held on to the two things they value most in this world : their faith and each other . Ryan Callaway , left , Jared , center , and Seth enjoy a moment before shipping out to Afghanistan in June . Crying , Mark and Karmen Callaway and their daughter Anna Katheryn clutched the family 's three soldier sons before the trio shipped off to serve in Afghanistan . Karmen was n't thinking about how rare it is for three brothers to go off to war together . She was thinking about Ryan , 25 , Jared , 23 , and 20-year-old Seth all returning home unharmed . "  I know people lose their children every day , " Karmen said a week later as she sat in her kitchen in McDonough , Georgia . Watch the Callaway family on how they cope " "  A fear that I have is that something might happen to all three of them . But at the same time , I have an assurance that I will see them again . " Mark Callaway , describing the farewell , said he was trying to ignore a group of curious beer-drinking construction workers gathered around a nearby truck watching the tearful scene play out . "  These construction workers saw three boys crying and Karmen and Anna Katheryn crying , and I 'm sure they were wondering what 's going on , because the boys were still in their civilian clothes , " Mark said with a smirk . "  It was just rough leaving the three of them . " Anna Katheryn , at age 18 the family 's youngest child , seemed confident about her brothers ' safety with U.S. and other NATO forces fighting Taliban and al Qaeda some 7,400 miles away . "  They 're Callaways , " she said with a smile . "  They 're going to be all right . Sometimes , it does worry me , but you have to give it to Jesus and know that he 's going to take care of them . " Family sacrifice All three brothers are serving in Bravo Company , 1st Battalion , 121st Infantry Regiment of the 48th Brigade , Georgia Army National Guard . The Pentagon says it 's unusual for three siblings to serve in the same Army company , which consists of about 100 to 125 soldiers . But it 's not unheard of . Siblings who enlist in the National Guard in the same state are more likely to serve together because Guard forces are state-based units , military officials said . Enlistees in regular armed forces could be deployed in units based across the nation . For example , Nevada 's Army National Guard counts nine sets of brothers among its ranks deploying for Afghanistan this summer , according to a spokesman . There are no regulations banning siblings from serving together , but for obvious reasons , commanders do n't send siblings on the same missions . Carol and Michael Ewens of Gig Harbor , Washington , know the worry of having multiple sons in battle and the pain of losing a child to war . In 2006 , an Afghan roadside bomber killed their 25-year-old son , Army Lt. Forrest Ewens . Now , three more of their sons will be serving in the region . Lt. Oaken Ewens , 28 , and Staff Sgt. Elisha Ewens , 26 , are in the Army 's 10th Mountain Division . Just six weeks after his brother 's death , their youngest son Stephen Ewens , now 24 , announced he had enlisted in the Army 's 2nd Infantry Division -- eventually deploying with a Stryker brigade . "  I threatened to shoot him in the foot , " his mother joked . "  I felt almost like doing something to make him ineligible to go because I did n't want to have a third son there . But no matter how much I begged and cried , it did n't count . " Fighting in the same war that took his brother 's life "  was something he felt like he had to do , " Carol Ewens said . "  It was part of his expression of honoring Forrest and grieving for Forrest and wanting to carry on what Forrest was doing . " She said she relies on God to pull her through . "  My faith has been the only thing that has given me peace with Forrest 's death , so I have to prepare myself and trust that God has a greater plan , " she said . "  When one of my children is taken away from me , I have to believe that it 's good . " God and country Reminders of God and country dot the Callaways ' rural Georgia neighborhood about 40 miles southeast of Atlanta . "  God bless our troops , " said a roadside sign outside a church along a two-lane roadway in Henry County . Afghanistan is the second war that Ryan and Jared Callaway have fought for their country . From 2005 to 2006 , they also served in Iraq . But Afghanistan will be the first war for Seth , whom Karmen Callaway calls her "  baby boy . " "  I just know that he is going to do something very important over there , " she said . Karmen and her husband recall how the brothers as kids would pretend to be soldiers in the woods behind their house . "  They were always out there playing army and making bike trails , " said Mark . "  They 're still playing war , too , but they 're playing it for real this time . " Sitting at the kitchen table at the family home , Karmen is surrounded by three sparkling ornamental stars hanging from a shelf on the wall -- reminders of her sons . Karmen said she 'll be comforted by the thought that her boys will be relatively close to each other . "  They might see each other some , but it wo n't be like they 're together all the time , " Karmen said . For most parents , protecting young sons or daughters who are n't serving in a war zone can be stressful enough . Karmen bears the added burden of preparing herself for an unspeakable possibility -- something she learned to deal with when the oldest two were in Iraq . When describing each of her sons , Karmen briefly began to cry . After quickly pulling herself together , she held out three rocks -- all smaller than her palm -- marked with the words , "  count your blessings , " "  pray , " and "  laugh . " Each of her sons , Karmen explained , carries a rock with a special word describing their personalities . Ryan 's rock is imprinted with "  accomplish . " Jared 's bears "  courage . " Seth 's says "  strength . " The stones represent her assurance that she will see her sons again , she said . They 're meant to ease her worries during the yearlong deployment . Family of educators The Callaways are a family of educators . Karmen , who teaches an after-school program at a nearby elementary school , will pursue a teaching degree this summer , before returning to help students in the fall . Daughter-in-law Louie just wrapped up her first year as a teacher -- after eloping with husband Ryan . "  We met in November and got married in January , so it 's just been crazy , " said Louie , her family 's nickname for Louise . "  The most stressful part was taking a week off work and going to Mississippi ... so I have my students to think about -- getting them prepared for eighth grade -- and my husband 's leaving for Afghanistan . So that was a bit overwhelming , I would say . " Louie and Ryan have almost daily contact , thanks to the Internet , as do Jared and his wife , Heather . Sometimes , when Ryan and Louie chat by phone , Louie feels the need to be upbeat and "  try to have something good to tell him . " "  He does n't want to hear my play-by-play about the students , and I do n't want to hear about the danger he 's in , " she said , looking at Karmen across the kitchen . The Callaway home is decorated with scores of family photos in every room . A large , round , old-fashioned analog clock hangs above the family room fireplace , as if the Callaways need to be reminded of the passage of time . The Callaways ' ` miracle ' In a room off the foyer , Anna Katheryn sometimes plays the family 's baby grand piano , a talent that -- in retrospect -- seems more like a miracle to Karmen and Mark . On a rainy night in 2001 , Anna Katheryn and Jared nearly lost their lives when their vehicle hydroplaned and Jared lost control of the car . The Honda flipped off the road and into a fence post , leaving Jared shaken and Anna Katheryn in a coma for seven days , Karmen recalled . Doctors told the family that Anna Katheryn probably had suffered brain damage and that they should "  be prepared for a different child . " With support from their church and after multiple surgeries and rehabilitation , AK-47 , as she 's nicknamed , made a full recovery , graduating from high school with honors this year , her mother said . The real-life nightmare provided Karmen with a valuable lesson in faith that she plans to lean on during the coming months . "  What I learned during that time is that if something were to happen to one of my children , God could sustain me and I could go on , " she said . She turned to look at the kitchen shelf and the hanging trio of ornamental stars -- gifts from an Army family support group . "  I got three because I have three soldiers , and we decided to put them up and keep them up until the boys return , " Karmen said quietly . "  That will help us when we 're in the kitchen and when they 're not around . We will feel that they 're near us . "	It 's unusual : Three brothers serve in same Georgia National Guard company Another three brothers from Washington state also serve in Afghan war Two mothers open up about the stress of having three sons in harm 's way Nevada Army National Guard unit has nine sets of brothers serving in Afghanistan
CNN  -- A Disney cruise liner stopped to rescue four men signaling for help near Key West , Florida , a spokeswoman for the company said Tuesday . The Disney Fantasy was sailing from Port Canaveral , Florida , to Grand Cayman Sunday afternoon when it spotted the four men aboard a small raft , Rebecca Peddie of Disney Cruise Line said . The men were brought aboard the 130,000-ton ship , where they were given medical attention , along with food and water , she said . "  We are proud of our Disney Fantasy crew members , who skillfully demonstrated their training and commitment to maritime protocols around saving lives at sea , " she said . "  We have notified the U.S. Coast Guard of this rescue and are working with the proper authorities to coordinate the debarkation of the group . " The rescue by the Disney Fantasy follows recent claims that a ship operated by Princess Cruise Lines failed to stop for three Panamanian fishermen adrift at sea , despite passengers alerting crew to their plight . The sole survivor aboard the fishing boat , 18-year-old Adrian Vasquez , filed a lawsuit earlier this month against the company , arguing that its ship , the Star Princess , should have stopped and saved him . The fishing boat , Fifty Cents , had been adrift for 15 days when it crossed paths with the Star Princess on March 10 , according to the lawsuit . At the time , all three fishermen aboard were alive . Vasquez was finally rescued by the Ecuadorian navy after 28 days adrift but his companions had died . His lawsuit seeks compensation for physical , emotional and psychological injuries that it alleges he suffered as a result of the conduct of cruise line employees . Princess Cruises said it deeply regrets the loss of life and was investigating the incident . It said it understands its responsibility under the law to aid a vessel in distress and noted its ships had carried out more than 30 rescues in the past . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Disney Cruise Lines says its ship stopped to rescue four men signaling for help off Key West The men were given , food , water and medical attention , a company spokeswoman says A lawsuit was filed against a different cruise line by a man who says it did n't help him
CNN  -- Liverpool new boy Joe Cole was sent off for the first time in his professional career in a 1-1 draw against Arsenal in their English Premier League opener on Sunday at Anfield . Despite being down to 10 men , Liverpool took a 46th minute lead through David Ngog , but were denied victory by a Pepe Reina own goal in injury time . Cole , who joined Liverpool after being released by champions Chelsea , was sent off for a two-footed lunge on Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny just before half-time of the heavyweight encounter . Referee Martin Atkinson had no hesitation in giving Cole his marching orders as Koscielny , a summer capture by Arsene Wenger from Lorient , appeared to be seriously injured by the scything challenge . But he came out for the second half to ironic cheers from the home fans , who had the last laugh when Koscielny was himself sent off for a second yellow card on the stroke of the final whistle . Arsenal had the better of a cagey first half and with Liverpool down to 10 men were expected to take advantage , but fell behind straight after the break . Javier Mascherano , who is set to leave Liverpool , played in Ngog who crashed the ball past Manuel Almunia at his near post and high into the net . Liverpool fans were cheered by the second half appearance of substitute Fernando Torres , but he had few glimpses of goal as Arsenal pressed for an equalizer . Thomas Vermaelen headed wide and substitute Tomas Rosicky forced Reina into a brilliant fingertip save . But soon afterwards the Spanish international was shaking his head after an uncharacteristic error gifted Arsenal their equalizer . Under challenge from Marouane Chamakh , Reina dropped the ball but appeared to have got away with his mistake until the ball hit the post and he fumbled the rebound , allowing it to cross the line . There was still time for Steven Gerrard to force Almunia into a fine save from a free kick and for Koscielny to be booked twice , the second for deliberate handball , to be shown a late , late red . New Liverpool manager Roy Hodgson told Sky Sports that he was a "  little bit disappointed , " that his team had not held out for three points but hailed his side 's resilience . "  It was a remarkable performance to have come so close to victory after playing all of the second half with 10 men , " he added .	Liverpool and Arsenal draw 1-1 in English Premier League opener at Anfield Liverpool 's Joe Cole sent off just before halftime for foul on Laurent Koscielny Koscielny also sees red deep into injury time at the end of the match David Ngog puts Liverpool ahead but Pepe Reina own goal rescues Arsenal
Hong Kong  CNN  Hong Kong authorities have vowed to conduct an impartial investigation into a video which appears to show several plainclothes police officers beating up a detained pro-democracy demonstrator . The widely circulated video shows officers carrying the man to a dark corner , where he 's laid on the ground and repeatedly kicked and punched while others stand around , apparently keeping watch . "  Police express concern over the video clip showing several plainclothes officers who are suspected of using excessive force , " said a statement issued by the Hong Kong Information Services Department Wednesday morning . "  The Complaints Against Police Office has already received a relevant complaint and will handle it in accordance with the established procedures in a just and impartial manner . " Hong Kong 's Secretary of Security Lai Tung Kwok told reporters the "  officers involved will be temporarily removed from their current duties . " He declined to take questions . Embattled Hong Kong leader C.Y. Leung said there was a set and effective mechanism in place to deal with complaints against police . "  We will use the same mechanisms and procedures to deal with the complaint against the policemen on the incident last night , " he said . Claims of ` brutal violence ' The victim has been identified as Ken Tsang , a member of the Civic Party , who 's also a social worker and a member of the 1,200 member election committee that choses Hong Kong 's leader . Civic Party leader Alan Leong told CNN : "  This is an apparent abuse of police power that a society as civilized as Hong Kong would definitely not swallow . I would advise the commissioner of police to immediately arrest the six officers involved in that attack . " Tsang 's lawyer Dennis Kwok said , in the early hours of Wednesday morning , "  six or seven police officers " led his client to a corner where they punched and kicked him . "  It was unprovoked and unnecessary for anyone to use that kind of violence on an arrested person , " Kwok said . He said some people had accused Tsang of pouring water on police , but "  whatever he was doing he was already arrested , his hands were cuffed and the proper procedure was to take him into custody and deal with him in accordance with the law . " Amnesty International called for the prosecution of any officers found to have acted unlawfully . "  It is stomach-churning to think there are Hong Kong police officers that feel they are above the law , " said Mabel Au , the group 's Hong Kong director . One of protest groups -- Occupy Central With Love and Peace -- circulated photos showing large circular welts on Tsang 's back , bruising on his face and scratches on his neck and arms . Another main protest group -- The Hong Kong Federation of Students -- issued a statement calling for the resignation of Police Commissioner Andy Tsang Wai-hunh , and other police commanders involved in preventing protesters from re-occupying Lung Wo road on Tuesday night . The road runs past the central government offices , and is near the main Admiralty protest site , the epicenter of the weeks long standoff between protesters and police . Protest clashes Protesters accused police of using pepper spray during the operation , which succeeded in clearing the road for traffic . A total of 45 people -- 37 men and eight women -- were arrested for alleged unlawful assembly and obstructing police officers , police said . Authorities accused them of behaving "  in a disorderly manner , " throwing traffic cones , snatching police barriers and building road blocks . Four police were injured in the operation , according to a government statement . During the attempted takeover of Lung Wo road , demonstrators declared they were "  not afraid of anything . " "  Ask them if they 're afraid of bullets . They 're not . This is our last chance . We know we 're most likely going to fail , but we have to try , " said 62-year-old demonstrator Lo Cheong . Retaking Lung Wo road was necessary "  to protect the protesters , " said a demonstrator named Bon . In a statement released on Wednesday morning , police appealed to protesters in the area to "  stay calm and restrained . " "  Protestors advancing against Police cordon line even with their arms raised is not a peaceful act , " the statement said . By dawn , morning rush-hour traffic was flowing as normal . The contingent of demonstrators relocated to a park near the government offices , to a green space that they 're occupying with tents . Protest disruption Since late September , protesters from a number of pro-democracy groups have been blocking major roads , demanding a greater say in who leads the Special Administrative Region of China . At the peak of the protests , tens of thousands of demonstrators crowded onto the streets , calling for the resignation of leader C.Y. Leung , and demanding the right to be able to nominate candidates for the next election in 2017 . Who 's who in the protests ? Protesters have been guarding barricades erected at protest sites at Admiralty , Mong Kok and Causeway Bay , and for many nights slept in the open air on the asphalt before the arrival of reinforcements with tents over the weekend . Traffic in the other parts of the city has been clogged due to road closures , bus and tram cancellations and the need for cars to drive around the protest sites . Taxi drivers say their takings are down , and businesses claim the protests have cost them income . Hope that the two sides might be able to solve the impasse evaporated on Thursday when the government canceled talks planned with student groups , after protest leaders urged supporters to keep up the occupation . ` Not a revolution ' On the weekend , Hong Kong 's chief executive told local free-to-air station TVB that the protests were not a "  revolution , " but a "  mass movement that has spun out of control . " Who is C.Y. Leung ? He said student leaders had "  almost zero chance " of pushing Beijing to change its stance on how Hong Kong 's leader is elected . He added he would not submit to the protesters ' demands that he resign , because his resignation "  will not solve the problem . " "  It is because the students and other occupation protesters demand more than that . They want the Standing Committee to withdraw its August 31 decision . That is impossible , " he said . Beijing white paper He was referring to the white paper issued by the Standing Committee of China 's National People 's Congress stating that Hongkongers would be able to vote on their leader in 2017 , but only from an approved shortlist of candidates . In response to Leung 's comments , the three main groups leading the occupy campaign said it was the government that was out of control -- "  a government that fires tear-gas at unarmed citizens and unilaterally terminated dialogue with the students  sic  . " On September 28 , police fired 87 tear gas rounds into the crowd after protesters failed to disperse . The move was seen as a miscalculation and only served to garner support for the protesters , who accused the government of heavy handedness and of stifling free speech . The end of police trust ? CNN 's Pamela Boykoff , Wilfred Chan , Anjali Tsui , Vivian Kam , Elizabeth Joseph , Chieu Luu and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Lawyer says alleged assault was "  unprovoked and unnecessary " Hong Kong authorities promise "  impartial investigation " into alleged assault video Clip shows protester being carried to dark corner , kicked and punched Pro-democracy protesters have blocked key streets for more than two weeks
This is the second part of a two part series on the best used luxury cars . AOL Autos  -- Recently , Consumer Reports magazine issued its list of best and worst used cars , and divvied them up by price range . The Porsche 911 has several versions , but all have been annointed with the "  supercar " appellation . Using CR 's recommendations as a guideline , here is a list of some of the best used luxury cars currently on the market in the $ 30,000 + price range : 2007 Acura MDX The newer MDX is classified as a crossover SUV , but it 's a deluxe version . It was all-new in ' 07 , and was built on a proper platform -- as opposed to being adapated from the Accord passenger-car platform . It also came in three flavors : Base , Technology and Sport Packages , and all three were powered by a 3.7-liter 300-hp V6 . The voice-activated navigation system is a nifty feature , as it comes with rearview camera and AcuraLink satellite communications with real-time traffic data . AOL Autos : Used Acura 2007 BMW 328i sedan The 328i is another sleek , finely-tuned and beautifully-designed driving machine , offering sporty performance and Euro-style luxury . It is widely considered to be the definitive "  sports sedan . " The '07 328i was propelled by a 3.0-liter 230-hp inline six-cylinder engine , which you can find mated to either a six-speed manual or six-speed automatic transmission . Consumer Reports also recommended the 3-Series coupe and convertible that joined BMW 's model line-up in ' 07 . AOL Autos : Used BMW 2004 BMW M3 The M3 is the top-of-the-line , high-performance-tuned version of the 3-series coupe . Performance power , therefore , is much higher than the other 3-Series editions . It came as a coupe or convertible , and churned out 333 horses . The M3 is often favorably compared to the Porsche 911 when it comes to quick acceleration , crisp braking and taking tough corners at brisk speeds without breaking a sweat . 2007 Infiniti FX35 Well , the marketplace surely is not lacking for luxury crossovers . Here is yet another one that appeals to luxury buyers with its balance of SUV-type spaciousness , pampering amenities , deft handling and burly engine muscle . For ' 07 , the FX35 was a two-wheel-drive vehicle powered by a 280-hp 3.5-liter V6 and a five-speed automatic transmission . AOL Autos : Used Infiniti 2006 & 2007 Infiniti M Infiniti 's M series is another winner , which seamlessly synergizes sleek styling , aggressive engine performance and a bevy of luxo-line amenities . It comes in both the M-35 and M-45 . During the last used-model year , ' 07 , the primary distinction between the two was that the M35 was powered by a V6 that kicked out 275 horses , while the M45 muscled up to a 325-hp V8 . Luxury features included standard leather seats with heating and ventilation , and optional 10-way power adjustments for the driver 's seat . Lexus Just like in the $ 24,000-to - $ 30,000 category , Consumer Reports recommended a slew of world-beating used Lexus models in this segment : the ' 06 - '07 6-cylinder GS RWD ; the '07 GS450h Hybrid ; ' 05 - '07 GX ; '07 IS ; ' 04 - '07 LS ; ' 03 - '06 LX and ' 06 - '07 RX . AOL Autos : Used Lexus Lexus has placed No 1 in the JD Power Dependability Survey every year for the last 12 years - until ' 07 , when another carmaker , Buick , finally tied them for first . Porsche 911  various years Consumer Reports included the '98 911 in the $ 24,000 to $ 30,000 category . Here , the model years get more recent as the price range climbs . The 911 went through some changes over this time period , of course , but all have been anointed with the "  supercar " appellation . AOL Autos : Used Porsche And by the latest recommended used-model year , the ' 07 , you could choose among various styles and engine sizes , including the Carrera , with its 3.6-L 325-hp flat-six plant ; the Carrera S and S Cabriolet , with the 3.8-L 355 hp V6 ; the 911 Turbo , with twin-turbocharged 480 hp six-cylinder engine ; and the GT3 track model , powered by a high-revving 415-hp six-cylinder engine .	Newer Acura MDX is classified as a crossover SUV , but it 's a deluxe version BMW 328i is sleek , finely-tuned and beautifully-designed driving machine Infiniti 's M series is another winner with an aggressive engine performance Consumer Reports recommended a slew of used Lexus models
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- Chile 's Atacama Desert is no place to live . At night it 's a freezing moonscape and when the sun comes up it becomes as hot as a burning skillet . There is little life and almost no water . The Atacama has been described as the driest desert in the world . Only when the "  camanchacas , " or thick blankets of fog , blow in from the coast is there any precipitation . The brief watering can cause desert wildflowers to spring up and cover the rocky slopes in purple . But at the foot of a gold and copper mine a small and unlikely community -- part vigil , part refugee camp -- has also blossomed . It is called " Campo Esperanza " or Camp Hope and it is where many of the families of 33 miners have vowed to stay until their loved ones are pulled from the earth . It 's almost certain to be a long wait . Two drills have already begun hammering away at the collapsed mine to free the men and a third is expected to begin work soon . Even so , Chilean mining officials say the men may not be freed until December . Maria Segovia is dug in for the long haul . She shares a tent with her sister in a row of encampments that line the road leading to the mine . On weekends more family members come . The rock wall behind her temporary home is a shrine to her younger brother Dario Segovia adorned with his picture , mining helmet and uniform . How faith is playing an important role for the families Sevogia 's spartan quarters are luxurious compared to the living conditions the families first endured after the collapse . "  It was empty , " Segovia said . "  After the accident we began to build a camp . But at first it was terrible : We slept outside and in the day it was boiling , at night freezing and the worst was we did n't know if our boys were alive . " Seventeen days after the collapse , the families learned the miners had miraculously survived , but that freeing them would be an epic and lengthy undertaking . Across the street from Segovia 's tent , Miguel Valenzuela pours water on the ground to slow the flow of dust pouring into his tent . A 25-year veteran of the mines , Valenzuela worked at the San Jose Mine , but was n't inside when it caved in . Three close friends of his were entombed in the mine . "  It 's a job but with a risk . Every day we walked in with the risk that something could happen , " he said . Valenzuela lights candles to pictures of saints to assist the rescue , he sweeps and cooks and cleans for miners families to stay occupied . He does n't want to think about what his friends are going through . "  I know better than anybody how they are doing . I have been where they have been , I know what it 's like in a mine . " The drilling at the mine is the constant backdrop and barometer for Camp Hope . Its residents gaze out at the drilling to see if work is being done and if they can divine how much longer they -- and the miners -- will be here . They make small talk , watch TV in a cafeteria tent set up by the local government , or walk to the hill overlooking the camp to tend flags bearing the names of their loved ones . Every day Jose Sanchez watches a cell phone video of his son-in-law Victor Segovia , a self-taught musician , in which Victor plays a ranchera and sings to the camera with an easy smile . "  I watch it all the time to feel close to him , " Jose said . "  Soon we 'll be with him , spending afternoons together , having him play guitar and harmonica . It 's the gift God will give us . " In the meantime , the families continue to lean on each other and fill the time . If the miners are a symbol of resolve for the world , their families want to provide their own example . After the mine collapse , many of the families did not know each other , said Segovia as she greeted new friends passing her tent . "  Now I see them and we are one family . We worry , talk and fight for each other . " "  What happened here was 33 families became one . "	"  Camp Hope " is a makeshift tent community set up by the families of the 33 trapped miners Family members are living there despite the harsh conditions of Chile 's Atacama Desert The tent village is part refugee camp , part vigil to the miners The men may not be freed until December
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A common perception among many who have followed the recent banking and stock market crises is that the big financial players have been reckless , splashing large amounts of other people 's money on half-understood , risky schemes . Go on , take a risk -- it might be good for the economy . But a pioneering business school study -- which , perhaps uniquely in it 's field , gathered data inside a Las Vegas casino -- now suggests precisely opposite . Indeed , in many parts of the economy the problem could be that people are simply being too cautious , the authors surmise . The paper , which has the catchy title , "  Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas : Evidence from Blackjack Tables , " was produced by Bruce Carlin and David T Robinson , both finance professors at UCLA 's Anderson school and Duke University 's Fuqua school respectively . They studied more than 4,300 hands of blackjack played for real at a Las Vegas casino -- more than $ 120,000 changed hands -- and uncovered what psychologists call an omission bias ; that is , players being more conservative in their bets than the level which would have optimized winnings . Mostly , such studies of risk are carried out in laboratory conditions where , both figuratively and literally , the stakes are lower . "  As we point out in the paper , blackjack is a great venue to study how people behave during risky situations , " Carlin told CNN . "  What is striking is that they often play too conservatively , even though they have voluntarily accepted a role in a risky game . " Blackjack was the ideal pursuit to use as a testing ground as it is widely acknowledged that players are at the tables to maximize gain . Equally important , with bets being made before decisions are made , the strategy pursued is not shaped by a shifting level of exposure to potential loss or gain . The study 's key finding was that passive strategy errors , in which players fail to take the right action , were four times more common than mistakes in which they did something that was not necessary . Crucially , "  passive mistakes " -- players failing to take the necessary action -- were on average one third more financially costly than mistakes caused by overconfidence . The paper also found evidence for what was termed a "  rebound effect " -- that an error made by playing aggressively was more likely than average to be followed in the next round by a passive error . The authors were at pains to rule out other factors that could affect the outcomes , such as card counting strategies , or players simply getting confused . On the latter point , the authors found that more complex hands were no more likely to prompt errors of omission . Inexperience was also eliminated -- in fact , small-stakes gamblers , perceived as more likely to be newcomers , made fewer errors of caution than those betting higher . But can any wider lessons really be drawn ? As the paper notes : "  Perhaps few decisions of economic consequence are made at a blackjack table . " Nonetheless , it argues , the same risk-versus-inaction decision is present in many areas of business and economics . "  We can extrapolate our findings to investment decisions , insurance choices , and savings choices in the general public , " Carlin said . "  Many of these people are not seeking risk and probably exhibit what we find in a more profound way . "	Business school study examined blackjack players at Las Vegas casino Finding was that losses came more from over-caution than recklessness Authors believe lessons could be expanded to business world
CNN  -- Asia 's economic growth will tumble to the slowest pace since the 1997-1998 Asian financial crisis , the Asian Development Bank  ADB  said in a report released Tuesday . Customers buy vegetables at a market in Quezon City in suburban Manila , Philippines , on September 16 . "  The short term outlook for the region is bleak as the full impact of the severe recession in industrialized economies is transmitted to emerging markets , " said Jong-Wha Lee , acting chief economist for the ADB . The Asian Development Outlook 2009 forecasts that economic growth in developing Asia will slip to 3.4 percent in 2009 , down from 6.3 percent last year and 9.5 percent in 2007 . Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010 , if the global economy experiences a mild recovery next year , the report says . "  The concern for the region , and especially for the region 's poor , is that it is not yet clear that the -LSB- United States -RSB- , European Union and Japan will recover as soon as next year , " Lee said . The slowdown should prompt Asian countries to expand their economic base and not be as dependent on exports , according to the report . Despite the downturn , the report says Asia is in a much better position to cope with the current crisis than it was in the late 1990s . "  Large foreign currency reserves and steadily declining inflation rates will provide policymakers with the necessary tools to nurse their economies through the hard times ahead , " the report said . A number of Asian governments , including China , Japan and South Korea , have already responded quickly to the global financial crisis with stimulus packages and changes in monetary policy , helping to stem some of the downturn . In November , China announced plans to inject $ 586 billion  4 trillion yuan  into its economy to offset declines in industrial and export growth . That economic stimulus plan included the loosening of credit restrictions , tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending .	Economic growth in developing Asia forecast to slip to 3.4 percent in 2009 Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010 , report says Report : Slowdown could prompt Asian nations to not be as dependent on exports
CNN  -- Fascinating , vibrant and multicultural . Those are a just a few of the words Dubai 's visitors use to capture its essence . You can never prepare for how the ever-shifting landscape will seek to change something within you as well . The larger-than-life grandeur of its towering city skyline , fleet of construction cranes signaling progress and crowded , fragrant souks -- or markets -- all combine to present the swirling scene of Dubai . But in order to soak up Dubai 's eclectic diversity , you have to prepare for another truth : "  Dubai is worth a trip , but not all that glitters is gold , " iReporter Holger Bauer said . Knowing how to navigate the city is key to making the most of your trip . But do n't let a fear of the unknown keep you from setting off on a Dubai adventure . "  It 's a crossroads of many cultures , " iReporter Derek Matthew Koebbe said . "  They have a 30-year plan to become one of the largest economic and tourist regions in the world . I would love to travel there again to see this progression . " Dubai 's captivating mystique , beauty City with a view For first-timers or repeat visitors , taking in the breathtaking view of Dubai from the top of the world 's tallest building , the Burj Khalifa , is a must . "  You can get a very good view and ` lay of the land ' by going up to the top floors of buildings , such as hotels or the Burj Khalifa , " Anderson said . "  Going to the viewing deck of the Burj Khalifa in the evening is especially magical . You can view the nightlife below as well as the dancing fountains show , which is absolutely spectacular at night . " iReporter Sara Ruedy recommends taking the elevator ride up to the 160th floor for a 360-degree view of Dubai 's overall splendor . And while visiting the Burj Khalifa , located in the heart of downtown Dubai , do n't forget to explore the "  large variety of trendy restaurants , aesthetic pools and fountains , and upscale shopping , " she said . What to do , where to go Dubai is full of activities that cater to any traveler 's whimsy . From the adventurous recreationalist to the avid shopper , this city is a treasure trove just waiting to be explored . "  The malls are epicenters of activity and entertainment , from indoor ice skating and downhill skiing to aquariums , and of course , the high-end luxury shops , " Anderson said . Dubai is known for its array of fountains , so take the time to stop and enjoy the show . The Dubai Mall , the largest mall in the world , features a choreographed fountain show , according to Anderson . "  One of the best ways to view the shows , which run regularly throughout the day , is to grab a seat for lunch or dinner at one of the restaurants in the mall with outside terrace seating . The food is delicious as well ! " Ruedy agrees with Anderson when it comes to the food at Dubai 's main mall . "  I ate at a Lebanese restaurant named Karam Beirut within The Dubai Mall . The restaurant was unique in that large plates of every fresh vegetable you can think of were provided during the meal , creating a hearty and healthy eating experience . " Dubai , home of the extravagant , also has the world 's only 7-star hotel , the Burj Al Arab . But if you ca n't afford a stay in 7-star luxury , the city has other agreeable options . "  I would recommend staying at any of the Jumeirah properties , as they are on the beach , " Koebbe said . "  They have Burj Al Arab as well as the very affordable Madinat Jumeirah . The Madinat has a water park called Wadi Wadi that kids really enjoy ! The property also has a replica of a traditional souk with over 40 shops and restaurants . " If you have n't satisfied your shopping needs at the world 's largest mall , do n't forget to browse Dubai 's souks . "  Another must see is the gold and spice souks near Dubai Creek , " Koebbe said . "  Be ready to bargain because they raise the prices for any foreigners . " 30 days , 30 kitchens : Making food in the UAE How to explore Before you begin , consider Dubai 's climate . Koebbe captures it best : "  Think of Florida 's humidity combined with Arizona 's heat . Average summer temps are 100-plus with 80 % humidity . The best time to travel there is between November and March when the highs are in the 80s and the humidity is lower . " Once you get there , take a ride on the Dubai bus system for a fun way to sightsee . Getting around the city for a dime each trip is easy on your wallet , and it helps you connect with the locals and tourists around you , Bauer said . If you want to explore Dubai 's more natural offerings , get outside the city . The countryside and deserts are a nice balance for the towering skyline . "  It 's wonderful to get into the countryside and see Al Ain or Abu Dhabi , not far away , " iReporter Eric Kossoff said . "  We took a half day tour with Arabian Adventures called ` The Sun Downer , ' " Koebbe said . "  They pick you up a few hours before sunset from your hotel and take you into the Al Sahara Desert where you visit a traditional Bedouin camp . The camp provided everything from camel rides to hookahs and traditional foods along with belly dancers . " Take in the diversity If you take one thing with you from your Dubai experience , let it be the culture . You wo n't find a replacement for it anywhere on Earth . "  Dubai is such a beautiful and uniquely diverse destination , " Koebbe said . "  Wandering through the souks , you hear people speaking in Arabic , British and American English , Hindi , Russian , French and even Chinese . The city has both an old and new feel all around it . "  Wonderful smells of the spice souk are wafting around you mixing with the fragrances of some of the finest perfumes Europe has to offer . You 'll find older traditional souks on one corner , then on the next , the very American-like Mall of the Emirates with an indoor ski resort , Ski Dubai . I found the local people to be very warm and welcoming . "	A thriving downtown of towering buildings and crowded markets awaits travelers in Dubai Get a 360-degree view from atop the Burj Khalifa , the world 's tallest building From shopping to a sunset desert adventure , get the most out of your trip to Dubai
CNN  -- Actress Molly Glynn , who played an emergency room doctor on several "  Chicago Fire " episodes , died from injuries after a tree fell on her during a storm , her husband said . Glynn , 46 , was on a bike ride on a suburban Chicago trail with her husband , Joe Foust , when the accident happened , Foust said in a Facebook posting Friday afternoon . "  Friends , this is the darkest day of my life , " Foust , also an actor , wrote . "  Things will never be the same . Molly got hit by a falling tree while we were biking . At hospital now . Prognosis is grim . " The Chicago Tribune quotes Foust saying the tree was knocked over by high winds when a storm erupted Friday afternoon . Glynn died from her injuries in an Evanston , Illinois , hospital Saturday . "  I could n't save her , " Foust wrote to friends Saturday . "  I could n't save her . She 's gone . " The Cook County , Illinois , coroner 's office was conducting an autopsy Monday to confirm the cause of death , an investigator told CNN . While Glynn acted in several roles on television and in film , most of her acting career was spent on the stages of Chicago . Her death has hit the Chicago theater community hard . An online fundraising effort quickly collected nearly $ 135,000 for her husband , who revealed on Facebook that the couple "  had less than 70 bucks in the bank . " "  So grateful for the assistance , " Foust wrote . People we 've lost in 2014	Most of Molly Glynn 's acting career was spent on the stages of Chicago "  Molly got hit by a falling tree while we were biking , " her husband said on Facebook "  I could n't save her . She 's gone , " he wrote Saturday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- After four years and 11 rounds of hard negotiation , the introduction of the "  Open Skies " agreement in March was greeted with a sigh of relief . This was not just from airlines , but also their passengers . If talks in the second phase fail , the entire Open Skies deal could be torn up . The deal that allows airlines to fly anywhere in the European Union to anywhere in the United States and vice versa promised to increase competition between carriers and possibly cut ticket prices . But the relief could be short-lived . On Thursday , the EU and the U.S. began talks in Ljubljana , Slovenia for the second phase of the deal . This time round there 's an even tougher set of issues on the table . And if an agreement is not reached by 2011 , either side can pull the plug on the whole deal . Such a move could be crucial for airlines that have already invested hundreds of millions of dollars in preparation for reduced restrictions . Carriers have added and increased frequency of services , with some paying as much $ 60 million to get their hands on limited Heathrow slots . British Airways will also launch a new business-only airline following the deal between either Paris or Brussels and New York 's JFK airport this summer . One issue the stage-two talks will address is cabitage , or rights for European airlines to operate domestic American routes . European critics have said the current deal offers greater advantage to U.S. carriers by allowing them to operate within the EU . An American airline can , for example , fly from New York to London , where they could pick up passengers and then fly to Germany . But as John Byerly , U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Transportation Affairs and chief negotiator for Open Skies , explains to CNN , this is a red herring in terms of importance in aviation law . "  Not one U.S. airline has taken advantage of the right because it does n't make commercial sense , " he says . "  The aircraft that 's right for transatlantic flights is ill-suited for operation within the highly-contested European Union market . " What 's more , adds Kieran Daly , editor of Air Transport Intelligence , there is n't a simple quid pro quo in terms of cabitage . As he explains , the EU is not a single market in the same way that the U.S. is , and the travel patterns on both sides of the Atlantic are different . "  Nobody is really sure what the equivalent right would be in Europe for the American carriers , " he says . A more important , and arguably more contentious , issue is around ownership and control . U.S. laws currently cap international ownership to 25 percent of voting stock , and prohibit "  actual control " by foreign citizens . If these restrictions are removed it could pave the way for transatlantic airline mergers . Steve Ridgway , CEO of Virgin Atlantic Airways expresses his frustration that airlines are the only companies that can not be owned by foreign buyers in the U.S. "  An airline is no different to a car company or a telephone company , " he says . "  As long as there are proper competition rules in place , and dominance is not allowed , why does there have to be artificial restriction ? " Last August , Virgin completed a five-year battle to start a low-cost service , Virgin America , in the United States . The British company won regulatory approval by agreeing to distance ownership from the Virgin Group . In effect , the Virgin brand is licensed to an American-owned company . But Ridgway wants more . "  It took five years for us not own an airline , " he points out . Yet despite Virgin 's expansion into ventures such as Virgin America as well as Virgin Blue in Australia and V Australia , the carrier has not yet decided to follow British Airways ' lead by launching services from other European capitals following the removal of restrictions under Open Skies . And considering how tempting a Madrid to Miami , or Paris to Los Angeles route could be to a non-flag-carrying carrier such as Virgin Atlantic , this is significant . Ridgway says a time will come for such routes . "  We need the right aircraft , we need the right market conditions , and we need to make sure that we are fighting the right battle here in our home ground . Because this is where our strength is , " he says . But the other reason for hesitancy comes down to a lack of confidence for phase two of negotiations , he adds . Byerly does n't deny the difficulties and political hurdles negotiators face . Opening up ownership to foreign companies has implications for homeland security , he explains . "  We rely on U.S. airlines to transport our troops and military cargo in time of war of emergency . " They must also tread carefully with airline labor unions . "  There are serious concerns about how to maintain a level playing field if you 've got two unions , one in Europe and one in the United states , working for an airline , " he says . But signs are that the U.S. is willing to keep an open mind . On Tuesday , United States surprised EU negotiators by proposing to drop investment restrictions for airlines for more than 60 countries . Senior airline executives have also voiced encouragement for an easing of ownership restrictions . Jeff Smisek , president of Continental Airlines told CNN : "  anything that would open up a freer flow of capital between the European Union and United States would be a positive influence . " As Byerly said , the U.S. is willing to envisage a positive outcome from the outset . "  We 're committed to working in very good faith and with a lot of energy in the second stage of negotiations to try and reach an agreement that is mutually beneficial . That 's our goal . "	The EU and U.S. have begun talks for phase II of the Open Skies air transport deal The hot issue to be debated revolves around ownership rights of U.S. airlines If talks fail , either side has power to pull the plug on the whole agreement
CNN  -- The Raspberry Pi is all the rage for hobbyists in search of cheap , credit card-sized computers that can run a full PC operating system . Arduino boards have been around nearly a decade , meanwhile , powering robots and all sorts of other creative electronics projects . Now , a project called UDOO  "  you do "  seeks to bring the best elements of Raspberry Pi and Arduino together into a single mini-PC that can run either Android or Linux . "  With UDOO , we want to combine the winning characteristics of Arduino and Raspberry Pi in one single board . The simplicity of Arduino in managing sensors , combined with the flexibility of a microcomputer based on ARM are integrated in UDOO , giving you a powerful prototyping board able to run Linux or Android , " UDOO project coordinator Bruno Sinopli , a Carnegie Mellon professor in electrical and computer engineering , said in a video on UDOO 's Kickstarter page . UDOO-based projects demonstrated in the video included a camera-equipped toy car controlled remotely with a tablet , programming education for kids , and a video game involving players running on equipment reminiscent of the Wii Balance Board . Touchscreens and various other types of sensors can be connected to the UDOO . "  Want to build an LED light-controller , an RFID reader , or a creative game controller ? UDOO allows you to create any kind of project and share it with the community , " the Kickstarter page states . "  Combining the flexibility of Arduino with the power of Android or Linux , you can create and update tons of stand-alone solutions without worrying about the linking between the two worlds and their wiring . " UDOO 's designers claim the board will have "  the power of four Raspberry Pis , " apparently in reference to the quad-core chip  the Raspberry Pi uses a single-core  . The UDOO also has twice as much RAM  1GB  and Gigabit Ethernet as opposed to the Pi 's 100 Megabit Ethernet . The Raspberry Pi has the UDOO beat on price , though , with models selling for $ 25 or $ 35 . The UDOO was seeking $ 27,000 to jump start development of the computer . It has already received over $ 250,000 with 46 days of funding still to go . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	UDOO seeks to combine the power of four Raspberry Pis and Arduino in a mini PC It is intended to be a powerful prototyping board for software development and design UDOO will be able to run with either Android or Linux The project has received $ 95,000 in six days on Kickstarter
Cairo  CNN  -- A senior Egyptian general admits that "  virginity checks " were performed on women arrested at a demonstration this spring , the first such admission after previous denials by military authorities . The allegations arose in an Amnesty International report , published weeks after the March 9 protest . It claimed female demonstrators were beaten , given electric shocks , strip-searched , threatened with prostitution charges and forced to submit to virginity checks . At that time , Maj. Amr Imam said 17 women had been arrested but denied allegations of torture or "  virginity tests . " But now a senior general who asked not to be identified said the virginity tests were conducted and defended the practice . "  The girls who were detained were not like your daughter or mine , " the general said . "  These were girls who had camped out in tents with male protesters in Tahrir Square , and we found in the tents Molotov cocktails and  drugs  . " The general said the virginity checks were done so that the women would n't later claim they had been raped by Egyptian authorities . "  We did n't want them to say we had sexually assaulted or raped them , so we wanted to prove that they were n't virgins in the first place , " the general said . "  None of them were  virgins  . " This demonstration occurred nearly a month after Egypt 's longtime President Hosni Mubarak stepped down amid a wave of popular and mostly peaceful unrest aimed at his ouster and the institution of democratic reforms . Afterward , Egypt 's military -- which had largely stayed on the sidelines of the revolution -- officially took control of the nation 's political apparatus as well , until an agreed-upon constitution and elections . Mubarak denies ordering shootings The March 9 protest occurred in Tahrir Square , which became famous over 18 historic and sometimes bloody days and nights of protests that led to Mubarak 's resignation . But unlike in those previous demonstrations , the Egyptian military targeted the protesters . Soldiers dragged dozens of demonstrators from the square and through the gates of the landmark Egyptian Museum . Salwa Hosseini , a 20-year-old hairdresser and one of the women named in the Amnesty report , described to CNN how uniformed soldiers tied her up on the museum 's grounds , forced her to the ground and slapped her , then shocked her with a stun gun while calling her a prostitute . "  They wanted to teach us a lesson , " Hosseini said soon after the Amnesty report came out . "  They wanted to make us feel that we do not have dignity . " The treatment got worse , Hosseini said , when she and the 16 other female prisoners were taken to a military detention center in Heikstep . There , she said , she and several of other female detainees were subjected to a "  virginity test . " "  We did not agree for a male doctor to perform the test , " she said . But Hosseini said her captors forced her to comply by threatening her with more stun-gun shocks . "  I was going through a nervous breakdown at that moment , " she recalled . "  There was no one standing during the test , except for a woman and the male doctor . But several soldiers were standing behind us watching the backside of the bed . I think they had them standing there as witnesses . " The senior Egyptian general said the 149 people detained after the March 9 protest were subsequently tried in military courts , and most have been sentenced to a year in prison . Authorities later revoked those sentences "  when we discovered that some of the detainees had university degrees , so we decided to give them a second chance , " he said . The senior general reaffirmed that the military council was determined to make Egypt 's democratic transition a success . "  The date for handover to a civil government ca n't come soon enough for the ruling military council , " he said . "  The army ca n't wait to return to its barracks and do what it does best -- protect the nation 's borders . "	17 women were arrested at a March 9 protest in Cairo , after Mubarak 's ouster A senior Egyptian general says some of them were subject to "  virginity checks " He says it was done so that they would n't claim later they had been raped One woman allegedly targeted had said , "  They wanted to teach us a lesson "
CNN  -- Retrospectives of Sally Ride 's life over the next few days are likely to include the words "  ground-breaking , " "  trailblazer , " "  inspiration " and "  mentor . " And rightly so . She epitomized these words and so many more . To me , she was also a classmate , a crewmate , a collaborator and a friend . Sally and I first crossed paths in the first grade at Hayvenhurst Elementary School in California in 1958 , though neither of us remembered the other clearly . We had a good laugh as we pieced this together 20 years later , when we met as two of the first six women in NASA 's astronaut corps . Sally Ride opens a new frontier for others It was n't the only similarity in our backgrounds . We shared a love for competitive sports , and our college careers revealed that we both loved arts and letters as much as the sciences . The second point paid many dividends later on , in great crossword challenges during crew quarantine and many shared lecture engagements . iReport : Sally Ride inspired me to dream We six women in the Class of 1978 ranged in age from 39  Shannon Lucid  to 26  Sally and me  . Underneath our different professional backgrounds and personal styles , we had many points in common : All six were intelligent , goal-oriented , creative and strong . We each had chosen our career path because it suited our talents and fired our passion , not in pursuit of celebrity . Light Years : Tributes pour in for Sally Ride But we found ourselves on a very different stage . We bonded as we took on the challenges that came with being the first six women in the U.S. astronaut corps , from the glare of the media spotlight to the everyday challenges of the workplace . We were keenly aware that what we did , and how we did it , would lay the ground for all the women who would come after us . We had to do it right . Which is not to say we could n't have fun while we were at it . Sally was one of the quickest wits and keenest pranksters in our class . She was the master of the clever , perfectly timed retort . Sally Ride , first American woman in space , dies A favorite memory is from our first morning in orbit in 1984 . Mission Control woke us up with the standard mix of a bit of music and words to the effect of , "  Good morning , Challenger . Houston standing by . " Instead of the normal response , "  Roger , " Sally launched into an answering machine reply : "  We 're sorry nobody can take your call right now . Please leave your name and number ... " Our grins turned to guffaws when the Capcom replied with his name and a real phone number for Mission Control . We carried her joke on throughout the flight , with everyone taking turns at making up the morning 's fake answering machine message . "  Why was Sally Ride tapped to fly first ? " is a question I 've been asked many times in the past few days . The truth is , none of us ever knew , not even Sally . Whatever the reasons may have been , history will record that the selection turned out well indeed . Sally performed superbly on STS-7 and stepped into the role of first American woman to fly in space with intelligence , dignity and grace . Thank you , Sally Ride With the distinction she earned in 1983 , Sally was free to write her own ticket to life . That she chose to devote her energies to teaching and inspiring others to dream , to dare and to aspire to excellence speaks volumes about her character . She wanted to share her wonderment about the universe and joy of learning with others . She was committed to breaking down the cultural and educational barriers that block so many , especially young girls , from science and the opportunities it offers in life . And this she did , through her work as a physics professor , mentor , motivator and businesswoman . Sally 's place in history is solidly established by her many contributions to science , spaceflight and the American space program . But I daresay her greatest legacy lies in her post-NASA work as an educator and a role model . Light Years : Memories of my space flight with Sally Ride She inspired countless people to reach for the stars Her spirit will live on in each and every one of them and in all of us who called her a friend . Share your tributes to Sally Ride with us on CNN iReport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathryn Sullivan .	Former astronaut Kathy Sullivan was Sally Ride 's classmate , colleague and crewmate Sullivan says Ride loved pranks , was master of the clever , perfectly timed retort Ride will be remembered for her contributions to science and spaceflight , she says But Ride 's best legacy , she writes , is her work inspiring young people to study sciences
A now defunct suburban Philadelphia swim club has agreed to a settlement more than three years after being accused of racism and discrimination for denying children from a largely minority day-care center access to their facility , the U.S. Justice Department said . Under the terms of the deal with the Justice Department and the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission , the Valley Club of Huntingdon Valley -- which filed for bankruptcy in November 2009 and had its property sold for $ 1.46 million the following June -- agreed to payouts to more than 50 children who were part of the Creative Steps Day Care Center , their counselors and Creative Steps itself . The distributed money includes whatever "  remaining assets " from the sale of the club 's property to Congregation Beth Solomon of northeast Philadelphia are leftover , once closing costs and associated fees have been covered , the Justice Department said Thursday in a press release . The settlement also sets aside $ 65,000 to create a leadership council made up of former Valley Club members , Creative Steps counselors , campers and their families . "  No one may be denied the right to use a swimming pool because of their race or the color of their skin , " said Thomas E. Perez , the assistant attorney general heading the federal department 's civil rights division . Creative Steps , a day-care center based out of northeast Philadelphia , had paid the Valley Club $ 1,950 in June of 2009 so its children could access its pool over the summer . "  I was excited , " Alethea Wright , founder of Creative Steps , told CNN at the time . "  The children were excited , and parents were excited . " But when the young day campers came to the club for the first time , "  the children reported hearing racial slurs while enjoying the pool , " the Justice Department said Thursday . Marcus Allen , who was 12 at the time and a camper with Creative Steps , recalled some club members asking , "  Why are these black kids here ? They might steal from us . " "  It 's kind of sad that people are still thinking like this , " Allen said then , with tears streaming down his face , "  I thought those days were over . " On July 3 , 2009 , "  the club refunded the day camp 's membership fee and prohibited the children from returning to swim , " the Justice Department said . The club later issued a response denying that race had anything to do with its decision to exclude the children , contending instead that "  we underestimated the capacity of our facilities . " Around that time , Wright repeatedly lambasted the club for its tepid response to the accusations and said the children in her care were "  emotionally damaged " by the incident . A few months later , in November 2009 , the swim club filed for bankruptcy because of legal bills and liabilities tied to its decision to cancel swimming privileges for the day-camp children . The following January , the U.S. Justice Department opened its investigation into the racial discrimination allegations . The settlement detailed Thursday closes a key chapter in the saga , with one Pennsylvania official saying she hopes the entire , public ordeal makes it less likely discrimination will happen in the years to come . "  Our hope is that this case serves as prevention for years to come and a reminder that discrimination is illegal , and has no place in Pennsylvania , " said JoAnn Edwards , executive director of the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission . In 2010 : Synagogue top bidder for swim club embroiled in discrimination suit	A mostly minority day care paid a suburban Philly swim club for access , then was denied State and federal agencies filed lawsuits , accusing the club of racial discrimination The 2 sides reach a settlement , nearly three years after the club filed for bankruptcy Children , counselors and the day care will share tens of thousands of dollars
CNN  -- When Thai monarch , King Rama , founded Bangkok in the late 18th century , he bestowed upon the bustling waterway that ran through his new capital a title fit for royalty -- "  Chao Phraya "  the River of Kings  . Settlers to the city built their homes along the river 's banks , its waters providing the maritime access essential for commerce as well as the fish to feed a growing population . Today , Chao Phraya remains a busy thoroughfare . The living space that has built up aside its shores however is vastly different . See also : Thailand 's luxury property market This transformation is no more apparent than at the edges of Khlong Ton Sai , a formerly barren neighborhood on the river 's western banks . It is here that "  The River " -- an aptly named tower of condominiums and luxury living space -- soars above the bustling waters and streets below . At 256 meters  840 feet  tall , the giant structure is 6 meters  19 feet  taller than Chao Phraya is wide , making it the tallest residential building in Thailand . For Hans Brower , the Thai-Dutch design consultant behind the project , The River is a potent symbol of modern Bangkok -- a vibrant metropolis that can offer spectacular accommodation at cheaper rate than other big Asian cities . Lush gardens and quiet pools in the facility grounds maintain the feel of an urban oasis amidst the surrounding concrete jungle . "  Living on the river affords you the ability to have a space like this which could be a resort if you did not have this poster which is the city of Bangkok , " Brower explained . "  It has that 5 star feel . " A new track A key component of Bangkok 's riverside regeneration and the rise of facilities like The River has been improved transport links , Brower explained . Myriad boat services frequently cross Chao Phraya while the city 's skytrain  known locally as the BTS  has provided faster access to areas that were once considered too out of the way and poorly connected . See also : China 's crazy property bubble "  I think the definition of a boundary changes radically depending on accessibility and mobility and that has changed , " Bower said . "  Today the BTS comes across and goes all the way into west  of the  country . " While the skytrain has ensured properties like The River are viable and desirable , it has also had a knock-on impact on the areas it passes through . Those who live in its shadows have seen their property values soar . "  I could earn something already  by selling  , " explained said Chaiyot Suriyanonlin , standing outside the humble shop-house that has been in his family 's possession for generations . "  Whatever my father left for me I should do my best to keep it for  his  legacy , " he added . Developers ' paradise For developers , meanwhile , a relaxation of planning laws  restrictions on how high they can build have been set aside  has incentivized the construction of quality accommodation in areas like those which host the Suriyanonlin abode . "  The regulations limit what you can do in various places so at the time this site came up it was an opportunity to do something big , " said Gerry Healey , who oversees The River for developer Raimon Land . Although roughly 10 % of apartments remain without owners  primarily those not overlooking the water  , there is a strong financial incentive for developers to invest in Bangkok . As Healey illustrates , the average cost per unit was $ 3,400 a square meter in 2007 . Today they go for $ 4,700 , with penthouses selling for three times that amount . "  The prices that we are asking for here maybe in the higher end of the Bangkok market but by comparison with Singapore or Hong Kong we are very  affordable  , " Healy said . In fact , this equates to just a fifth of the price of luxury property in Singapore . While such sums still represent a considerable outlay , Healey 's hope is that potential investors will be encouraged to snap up the remaining properties and become part of the next chapter of Bangkok 's famous river .	At 256 meters tall , "  The River " is Thailand 's tallest residential tower The luxury development has helped regenerate some of Bangkok 's most neglected areas A key component of "  The River 's " success has been the development of new transport links
CNN  -- Timothy Jones Jr. allegedly went on a 700-mile journey that began in South Carolina with the bodies of his five young children wrapped in garbage bags in the back of his SUV , authorities said Wednesday . Jones , a 32-year-old computer tech and Mississippi State University graduate , told neighbors last week that he was moving his children from their home near Lexington to another state . The father of five was being held Wednesday in a Mississippi jail in connection with the deaths of his children , ages 1 to 8 , whose bodies were dumped in Alabama . It 's still unclear how or why Jones allegedly killed his children , but acting Sheriff Lewis McCarty of Lexington County told reporters that Jones drove for several days with their decomposing bodies in the back of his SUV . It is believed he killed the children at the same time , and that the crime happened in Lexington County , McCarty said . "  I do n't understand why he did it but , yes , these children were in the car , deceased , in garbage bags for some period of time , " McCarty said . When Jones was picked up Saturday at a police checkpoint in Mississippi , he seemed "  very strange , maybe somewhat disoriented , a little bit on the violent side , " McCarty said . In the car , police later found "  cleaning material , they saw blood , they saw children 's clothing but no children . " McCarty said Jones , who allegedly was in possession of synthetic marijuana and a drug called "  bath salts , " faces five counts of murder when he 's returned to South Carolina . The sheriff said Jones led investigators in Alabama to the remains believed to be those of his children . The remains have been returned to South Carolina , where autopsies will be performed . "  I 'm a father and I 'm a grandfather and in all of my years of law enforcement I have never seen a case like this , " McCarty said . "  We all see things in our careers that have an impact . This case has impacted every person ... who had anything at all to do with it . " Late Tuesday , Albert Santa Cruz , Mississippi 's public safety commissioner , called the crime "  unconscionable . " In a statement , South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley called the deaths of the five children and Monday 's shooting of two Charleston County deputies , one fatally , in an unrelated incident "  moments that truly shock our conscience . " "  These events bring a sadness like no other , " she said . "  We grieve together for our lost ones , and we pray together for those touched by these horrific tragedies . " Parents speak out Standing before television cameras with his wife sobbing by his side , Jones ' father spoke to reporters Wednesday . "  We know that the angels are with us , but your prayers are helping us cope , " Tim Jones said . "  We do not have all the answers and we may never have all of them , but anyone who knows little Tim will agree that he is not the animal that he will be portrayed through the media . " He described his son as "  a very loving father , brother and son " and said the family was heartbroken . "  At this time , we need to use all our strength to say goodbye to our grandchildren and be allowed privacy to grieve , " he said . Child welfare investigation Child welfare authorities said they had received an abuse complaint involving at least one of the children on August 7 but interviews with Jones , the children and neighbors determined there was no imminent danger , said Jackie Swindler , a representative of the South Carolina Department of Social Services . "  DSS did not see any visible signs of abuse , " he said , adding that the agency planned to follow up within 45 days . "  At the time , there was nothing to alarm them . " Authorities said Jones picked up the children at school and day care on August 28 . According to an affidavit for the child endangerment charges against him , he admitted that he forced the five children out of his car that day near a Wal-Mart store in Lexington County . Parts of the affidavit are blacked out . The children 's mother , who shared custody of the children with her ex-husband , reported them missing on September 3 after not being able to contact Jones . He was supposed to bring the children to stay with her the day before . "  We feel that the deaths took place early on , " McCarty said . Jones was being held in Smith County , Mississippi , on drug and child endangerment charges and is awaiting extradition to South Carolina for prosecution . A grisly discovery The children 's remains were discovered off a dirt road in Wilcox County , not far from Camden , said Sgt. Steve Jarrett of the Alabama Department of Public Safety . A multistate search for the children and their father involved the FBI and state law enforcement agencies . When Jones was arrested Saturday in Mississippi , a check of the National Criminal Information Center found he was wanted in South Carolina . Missing nursing student 's remains found in Tennessee Maryland mother accused of suffocating kids , 1 and 3 CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Suspect 's dad : He is a "  very loving father , brother and son " The children 's father is being held in Mississippi , awaiting extradition The children 's remains were discovered in Wilcox County , Alabama Autopsies will be performed on the children 's bodies
Odd Future has no future in New Zealand -- at least for now . Immigration authorities there have barred the rap group from entering the country , saying that the group "  has been deemed to be a potential threat to public order . " Six performers from the group were set to be the opening act for rapper Eminem during a tour there later this month . "  Odd Future has been deemed to be a potential threat to public order and the public interest for several reasons , including incidents at past performances in which they have incited violence , " Immigration New Zealand said in a statement . Karen Urwin , border operations manager for Immigration New Zealand , pointed to an incident in 2011 at an Odd Future concert in the United States that left a police officer hospitalized . Urwin also said that the group 's leader , Tyler the Creator , riled up his fans last year against an Australian woman who had been part of an effort by a feminist group to have his visa revoked . He rewteeted her tweets , which led to threats and harassment , media reports say . The group , whose full name is Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All , has been criticized by feminists for what they call misogynist lyrics . Urwin said it is the first time that the regulations have been used to keep a performer out of the country . "  It 's a section in our legislation we do n't use very often , but they are clearly on the extreme edge of the music spectrum " she said , explaining that the law is more commonly used to block the entry of Holocaust deniers , Hells Angels bikers or hard-line Muslim preachers . Tyler the Creator fired back on Twitter . "  They said we were ` terrorist threats and bad for the society ' or whatever , " he wrote on Twitter . "  Sick . " He went on to point out what he saw as a bit of hypocrisy by the government . "  The irony is that , we cant get in to open for Eminem . HAHAHAHA , like he did n't make ` Kill You ' or ` Kim ' , " he wrote . "  HAHAHAHAHA " But he went on to say that although he was down on the government , he still "  loves NZ . " And Urwin said that this was n't a lifetime ban . "  We would entertain the idea of having them come back , " she said "  As long as they change the direction of some of their message and mellow their attitude . "	Odd Future are "  deemed to be a potential threat to public order , " immigration service says Officials point to 2011 concert in Boston that left a police officer hospitalized Group leader Tyler the Creator still "  loves NZ " but calls the government 's decision "  sick "
CNN  -- A drunk passenger tried to hijack a Turkish Airlines flight to Russia on Wednesday before he was brought under control , the head of Turkey 's civil aviation authority said . The Turkish Airlines passenger jet was en route from Turkey to Russia when the incident took place . The plane landed safely and on time Wednesday afternoon in St. Petersburg . Russian authorities promptly arrested a "  slightly intoxicated " passenger from Uzbekistan , Russia 's Interfax News Agency reported , citing a national police spokesman . The suspect , in his early 50s , was arrested on suspicion of trying to hijack the plane , Interfax reported . Turkish media initially reported that the plane had been hijacked . When asked about those reports , a Turkish Airlines spokesman said the flight experienced an "  urgent situation " as it headed to St. Petersburg , without offering further details . Interfax said the flight was carrying 164 Russian nationals . There have been several attempts to hijack Turkish airlines in recent years . In August 2007 , two men hijacked an Istanbul-bound Atlasjet Airlines flight with 136 passengers and crew on board from Cyprus , claiming to have a bomb on board the flight . They forced the crew to make an emergency landing in Antalya . Both hijackers eventually surrendered to Turkish authorities . In April 2007 , Turkish authorities detained a man they believed tried to hijack a Turkish airliner , possibly to Iran . The suspect , Mehmed Goksin Gol , was not armed and all 178 passengers and crew aboard the Pegasus Airlines flight were unharmed . The flight was heading from southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir to Istanbul , but landed at Ankara 's airport , where the suspect was detained . In October 2006 , a Turkish man hijacked a Turkish jetliner with 113 people aboard en route from the Albanian capital Tirana for Istanbul . He forced it to fly to a military airfield in Brindisi , Italy , where the passengers and crew were released unharmed . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow and Nicky Robertson in Atlanta contributed to this report	Incident on flight between Antalya , Turkey and St Petersburg , Russia Turkish Airlines : Drunk man tried to hijack passenger plane Officials : Man brought under control , airline experienced "  urgent situation " NEW : Interfax : Flight arrives at St. Petersburg , police arrest Uzbek man in his 50s
CNN  -- A college student was arrested Thursday for allegedly hijacking the webcams of young women -- among them reigning Miss Teen USA Cassidy Wolf -- taking nude images , then blackmailing his victims to send him more explicit material or else be exposed . Jared James Abrahams , a 19-year-old computer science student from Temecula , California , surrendered on Thursday to the FBI on federal extortion charges , the agency announced . Authorities say he victimized young women surreptitiously , by taking control of their computers then photographing them as they changed out of their clothes . Abrahams appeared in court later in the day , then was released "  on intensive pretrial supervision and home detention with electronic monitoring " after his parents signed bond agreements totaling $ 50,000 , FBI spokeswoman Lourdes Arocho said . U.S. District Judge Jean Rosenbluth ruled that he could use a single desktop computer at his parents ' home for school only , albeit only after monitoring software is applied . When he admitted what he 'd done in June , Abrahams said he had 30 to 40 "  slave computers " -- or other people 's electronic devices he controlled -- and has had as many as 150 total , according to a criminal complaint . His arrest came six months after a teenager identified in court documents as C.W. alerted authorities . She has since publicly identified herself as Cassidy Wolf , the recently crowned Miss Teen USA . She touted news reports of her alleged tormenter 's arrest on her Twitter feed . At the time she contacted police , in March , Wolf was not a national figure -- even though she was Miss Teen California -- and lived in an apartment and attended Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa . Wolf got a Facebook alert that someone had tried to change her password to the social networking site , then noticed other passwords had been changed and that her Twitter avatar was now a half-nude picture of herself . A short time later , she received what would be the first of many messages , this one featuring pictures of Wolf at her Riverside County address and others apparently taken months earlier when she lived in Orange County , says the criminal complaint . The message explained "  what 's going to happen " if Wolf did n't send pictures or videos or "  do what I tell you to do " in a five-minute Skype videoconference , according to the criminal complaint . "  Either you do one of the things listed below or I upload these pics and a lot more  I have a LOT more and those are better quality  on all your accounts for everybody to see and your dream of being a model will be transformed into a pornstar  sic  , " he wrote . Recalling that day , Wolf told NBC 's "  Today " show she started "  screaming  and  bawling my eyes out . " "  I was n't sure what to do , " she said in August , shortly after her Miss Teen USA win . "  So it was terrifying . " The messenger had taken great efforts to hide his online identity . But investigators were eventually able to find corresponding e-mails , IP addresses and other communications they linked to Abraham . They also tied him to online forums asking about malware , how to control webcams , and hacking into Facebook accounts . Investigators also linked him to at least eight other young women -- some of them , like Wolf , from Southern California , though others were from as far away as Moldova . The victims told authorities similar stories : of a person they did not know saying , and in some cases proving , he had nude images and making demands as a result . The stalker claimed to have 1,000 photographs of one woman , the complaint said . When she asked , "  Why are you doing this to me ? " the response was , "  I told you I 'll answer any questions after you Skype . " As an FBI agent was speaking by phone to this young woman , she logged onto her Instagram account to find it populated by nude pictures of her , the complaint said . A few young women apparently complied with the demands for a Skype session . The man promised not to record the sessions and he made it look like he was erasing the nude pictures of them . One such session was found on the suspect 's phone , police said . Foul-mouthed hacker hijacks baby monitor Investigators examining e-mail exchanges found one in which an alleged victim wrote she was downloading Skype and pleading , "  Please remember im only 17 . Have a heart . " "  I 'll tell you this right now ! I do NOT have a heart !!! " he wrote back , per the complaint . "  However I do stick to my deals ! Also age does n't mean a thing to me . " Authorities executed a search warrant at Abrahams ' home on June 4 , at which time he "  voluntarily agreed to speak " with a pair of FBI agents . Describing himself in that interview as a college freshman who was good with computers , the complaint said , he admitted using malware and his expertise to "  watch his victims change their clothes and ... use the photographs against them . " Abrahams further admitted the e-mail accounts , VPN , domain names or other pieces of the electronic puzzle that investigators used to build a case were his , according to the criminal complaint . Outside the court Thursday , Abrahams ' lawyer Alan Eisner said that his client 's family feels "  profound regret and remorse " over what happened . He told CNN affiliate KTLA that Abrahams is autistic . "  The family wants to apologize for the consequences of his behavior to the families who were affected , " Eisner said . As to the now 19-year-old Wolf , she is juggling her studies at the New York Film Academy with duties tied to being Miss Teen USA . A lifelong dancer and aspiring model , Wolf is using her platform to promote a number of initiatives -- including , given her personal experience , the issue of cyberstalking . "  It does happen , " she said in an interview with CNN affiliate WPIX . "  And there are ways to prevent it . " Naked scammers seduce , blackmail men on Web CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer says Abrahams is autistic , expressed family 's "  profound regret " Authorities say he hijacked webcams , took photos , threatened to expose women One of his alleged victims was Cassidy Wolf , who is now Miss Teen USA FBI : Suspect released on bond , can use computer for school only
It 's been called a "  cure for rejection-letter fatigue . " Amazon on Thursday released new details about the success of its program for authors who want to self-publish on its Kindle e-reader devices . The company , which unveiled a suite of new e-readers and tablets at a press conference in Southern California on Thursday , says 27 of the top 100 Kindle books were created using a system called Kindle Direct Publishing . That system allows authors to bypass traditional publishers and instead deal directly with Amazon , which claims to be able to publish their books digitally "  in hours . " The authors receive 70 % of the royalties from the sale of these books . And some of them are doing quite well . "  Most of my months are six-figure months , " said Hugh Howey , a 37-year-old Florida author whose "  Wool " series of digital books was highlighted by Amazon . "  It 's more than I ever hoped to make in a year . " The company says some authors , including Theresa Ragen , who appeared in a promotional video during the Amazon event , have sold hundreds of thousands of books . During the event Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos displayed a quote from Kathryn Stockett , author of best-selling novel "  The Help , " in which she lamented being rejected dozens of times before a publisher accepted her . "  What if I had given up at 15 ? Or 40 ? Or even 60 ? " she was quoted as saying . "  The thing that occurs to me , " Bezons said , according to a live blog , "  is how many authors did stop after 40 rejections ? How many great manuscripts are sitting in a drawer somewhere ? " The fact that so many self-published books have been successful in Amazon 's ecosystem highlights what other writers say is a trend toward success in digital self-publishing , which is offered also by companies like Apple and Barnes & Noble , in addition to Amazon . This comes despite evidence that many self-published e-book authors make very little money . A 1,007-person survey earlier this year found "  DIY authors " make $ 10,000 a year on average , and half of them make less than $ 500 a year , according to a report in The Guardian . Still , the system does work for some . "  Fact is that authors no longer need a publisher , " Bernard Starr wrote at The Huffington Post . "  And more and more writers are awakening to the realization that if you are not a high-profile author who can command large sales , a traditional publisher will do little for you beyond editing and printing your book . " For Howey , author of the "  Wool " series , the direct-publishing platform has opened up a life he never imagined was possible -- one where he is paid to write full-time . Without the Amazon platform , the books might not have been published at all . Howey never promoted the first edition of "  Wool , " a dystopian series about a group of underground people who get all of their information about the outside world through a single , digital screen . He did n't think it would sell . Then in October 2011 , he said , his sales jumped from from dozens to thousands . "  I was taking screenshots and posting them on Facebook , " he said of the moment when the books started appearing on Amazon 's top-100 lists .  The compilation "  Wool Omnibus Edition " is currently ranked No. 193 in the Kindle store , although it was listed in Amazon 's press conference as being in the top 100 , where it has appeared before  . "  I was kind of bewildered by the whole thing . " Howey used to work as a bookseller and yacht captain . Now his story has been optioned by the director Ridley Scott , according to news reports . New York publishers have approached him about book deals , he said , but he wants to continue to self-publish so he maintains rights to his work . "  The stigma is gone , " he said of self-publishing in digital formats . "  Publishers will pick up a self-published work if it does well . Readers are really just interested in good stories . "	Amazon : 27 of 100 top Kindle books are self-published One such author says he makes six figures per month The Kindle Direct Publishing system gives authors 70 % royalties Amazon on Thursday released new line of e-readers and tablets
CNN  -- Veteran golfer Ernie Els took advantage of a remarkable collapse by long-time leader Adam Scott to win the British Open for the second time at Royal Lytham and St. Annes Sunday . The 42-year-old South African posted a two-under 68 in testing conditions on the links course in North West England to go into the clubhouse on seven-under 273 , but Australia 's Scott still looked set to claim his first major title . However , a disastrous run of four straight bogeys from the 15th saw the 32-year-old finish one shot adrift of former world No. 1 Els , who won his fourth major title and his first since claiming the British Open in a playoff in 2002 . Son 's autism gives veteran star Els added spur Scott , who had led by four shots going into the final round , pulled his tee shot on the 18th into a bunker , but a fine third left him with an eight-foot putt to force a playoff . It went agonizingly wide of the hole to leave him with a final-round 75 and his hopes of glory cruelly dashed . By contrast , Els finished with a birdie on his final hole and had been on the practice putting green preparing for a possible playoff . He had immediate words of sympathy for the beaten Scott . "  First of all I feel for Adam . He is a great friend of mine , " he said . "  We both wanted to win very badly but it 's the nature of the beast . " A stunned Scott , who had started the day four shots ahead of American Brandt Snedeker and Graeme McDowell of Northern Ireland , admitted he had blown it . "  I 'm pretty disappointed . I had it in my hands and managed to hit a poor shot on each of the closing four holes , " he said . "  But I played so beautifully for most of the week I certainly should not let this get me down . " The expected challenge from Tiger Woods petered out after he made a triple bogey on the par-four sixth . He eventually carded a three-over 73 to end three under alongside playing partner Snedeker in a tie for third . McDowell , the 2010 US Open champion , also disappointed and fell away with a 75 to tie for fifth at two under with England 's world number one Luke Donald , who raced up the leaderboard with a 69 . Els is the 16th different winner of a golf major in a row , but it looked an unlikely scenario when he was six behind Scott after dropping two shots to the turn . But he picked up birdies at the 10th , 12th and 14th before his last-hole flourish to put the pressure on the Australian , which eventually paid dividends . Els has slipped down the world rankings in recent years and did not qualify to play in this year 's U.S. Masters at Augusta . He had gone without a win in 36 major starts since his 2002 British Open triumph at Muirfield , but had never lost faith . "  It was my time for some reason , " Els said . "  A lot of people never thought I would win another one . I started believing this year . " He is the same age as last year 's surprise British Open winner Darren Clarke , who missed the cut in his title defense .	Ernie Els wins British Open at Royal Lytham and St Annes Adam Scott bogeys last four holes to hand one-shot win to Els Second British Open triumph for the ` Big Easy ' Triple bogey derails Tiger Woods who finishes tied third
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A U.S. soldier is in custody in connection with the shooting deaths of two fellow soldiers and the wounding of a third in Iraq , the U.S. military said Tuesday . Spc. Neftaly Platero is in pretrial confinement , a U.S. military statement said . Platero is suspected in the deaths of Spc. John Carrillo Jr. , 20 , of Stockton , California , and Pfc. Gebrah P. Noonan , 26 , of Watertown , Connecticut , the military said . Carrillo and Noonan died Friday of injuries sustained in a "  non-combat " incident that occurred a day earlier , the U.S. Department of Defense said . They were assigned to 3rd Battalion , 15th Infantry Regiment , 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team , 3rd Infantry Division , Fort Stewart , Georgia . The incident remains under investigation . "  Our condolences go out to the families of those service members whose lives were lost , " Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Buchanan said in a statement . "  We are saddened by this tragic incident . " Carrillo 's mother , Desiree Carrillo , told CNN that her son was a good son and a good father to a 3-year-old and a 3-month-old . "  He was a very young father and he was in school , but he joined the military to provide more for his family , " she said . Desiree Carrillo said the military notified them of Spc. Carrillo 's death on Friday after family members learned through the media their son may have been killed by another soldier . Dane Street , Noonan 's former track coach , told WFSB that Noonan was loved by nearly everyone . "  His big hair matched his big personality , " Street said . "  He loved experiencing life , and it was great . " Several people posted rest-in-peace messages on what appears to be Noonan 's Facebook page . The page of "  Gebrah Noonan " also lists "  Neftaly Platero " -- the same name as the suspect -- as a Facebook friend . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Spc. Neftaly Platero is in pretrial confinement , officials say The U.S. military links Platero to the deaths of Carrillo and Noonan Platero and Noonan may have been friends The incident remains under investigation
CNN  -- The same George Zimmerman defense attorney who drew skepticism over his choice to tell a knock-knock joke during opening statements of his client 's second-degree murder trial is again in an unflattering spotlight -- this time thanks to a family photo and social media . Friday , a photo posted on photo-sharing site Instagram from the account "  mollywestttt " showed a picture of two girls and veteran criminal defense attorney Don West eating generously-sized ice cream cones . A comment below the photo from mollywestttt read : "  We beat stupidity celebration cones , " along with " #zimmerman , " " #defense " and " #dadkilledit . " Zimmerman defense team communications director Shawn Vincent confirmed the photo came from Don West 's 23-year-old daughter , Molly , featured in the photo along with West and another of his four daughters . Vincent said it was a tradition in West 's family to go out for ice cream together . After court let out this week , West and two of his daughters went to get ice cream and took a picture to commemorate it "  like old times . " As negative comments about the sensitivity of the photo picked up steam Friday , Molly West 's account was deactivated later that day . In a statement , West said , "  Sometimes we 're deeply disappointed by the things our children do . But we love them anyway , and we move on . " The photo appears to have been taken Tuesday , and posted sometime later that day or Wednesday . Vincent said he has n't heard from Molly West on what she specifically meant by it . He acknowledges the photo reflects on the defense poorly . "  It does n't reflect how Don feels . And we 're aware that the themes sure this case are very apparently race , self-defense and gun control and we 're aware that none of those things or that debate is going to be resolved in this court room , " Vincent said . "  How we conduct ourselves as we move towards whatever the verdict is going to be , we know reflects on all those issues . This photo is completely contrary to what we 've tried to more than a year on how to conduct ourselves . " Zimmerman is on trial for the 2012 shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in a case that has drawn widespread attention . Zimmerman , then a neighborhood watch captain , is charged with second-degree murder in the shooting of Martin in Sanford , Florida . Zimmerman told police he followed the teenager because there had been some recent break-ins in the area . He says he was forced to shoot Martin during their confrontation in self-defense .	Zimmerman defense attorney Don West used a knock-kock joke in his opening statement A photo posted by one of his daughters shows dad and daughters eating ice cream A comment with the photo said "  We beat stupidity celebration cones , " and " #dadkilledit " West : "  Sometimes we 're deeply disappointed by the things our children do "
Atlanta  CNN  A little more than a year ago , it quickly became frustratingly obvious that officials in Georgia were underprepared and overwhelmed by a winter storm . About two weeks later , North Carolina had similar travel issues when a storm moved through the state , rapidly dumping snow and making roads in Raleigh and other cities impassable before people could drive back to the house . This time , authorities in those states say they are ready . There are more snow plows , more trucks to spread brine and authorities are staying ahead of the bad weather . And people are staying home or leaving work early . A late-season system threatens to scrape Atlanta with the kind of frozen precipitation that even in small amounts can turn a 45-minute commute into one lasting hours . Raleigh and Charlotte face a snowy night . North Carolina 's capital might get 5 to 9 inches , and as many as 12 inches could fall in the Queen City , though between 5 and 8 is more likely , according to the National Weather Service . The storm may drop snow in almost every one of North Carolina 's 100 counties . The good news is it is a fast-moving storm and should be gone by Thursday morning . Yeah , we hear you , New England . Does n't sound like much of a storm , does it ? Remember we 're talking about an area of the country where many people do n't even carry an ice scraper in their car . What might pass for a light dusting in Minneapolis or Boston can paralyze a city like Atlanta . Just over a year ago , a few inches of snow and ice left the city in gridlock . Parents scurried from work and hurried to the suburbs to get schoolchildren home . In some cases , Dad or Mom did n't arrive at home until the next afternoon . State and local officials were heavily criticized for their response to the January 2014 storm that created a traffic nightmare and left some motorists stranded for 18 hours or more . Never again , officials vowed . And they 're leaving nothing to chance . Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal ordered state of emergency for 51 northern counties . Deal said he was very confident there would be no repeat of clogged freeways . Russell McMurry of the Georgia Department of Transportation said roads from Atlanta to Tennessee and Alabama had been pre-treated . The governor of Tennessee -- where 30 weather-related deaths have been reported in the past nine days -- and the governor of Alabama also declared states of emergency . And North Carolina is prepared to do the same . A small child died in Mississippi . Greg Flynn with the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency said the 2-year-old girl died in an auto accident after a car hydroplaned . Several Mississippi counties and cities issued curfews . Lee Bowdry , emergency management director for Lee County , said the storm began as sleet and ice , then turned to snow . "  We 've had a lot of accidents here , " he said . He said the county curfew would be lifted at 5 a.m. . There also were restrictions in Calhoun County and in Houston , Okolona and Tupelo . Raleigh hopes to avoid a repeat of last year when just after the Atlanta snowbacle , the city had one of its own as drivers left work seemingly all at the same time . On Wednesday afternoon , most of the roads around the Triangle were still clear , and temperatures were in the 40s . Snow began falling just before 8 p.m. Eleven states had winter storm warnings in effect Wednesday , reason enough for schools across the region to shut down and bread and milk aisles to get stripped bare . The storm 's path goes in a line from Texas to the Carolina coast , though its impact wo n't necessarily be even -- with a few miles here and there potentially meaning the difference between a soaking rain and a Snowmageddon or something in between . Take Tennessee , for instance , where Memphis and Nashville are forecast to get 1 to 2 inches of snow . Then there 's Chattanooga , in the southeastern corner of the state , which can expect 3 to 7 inches . Snow is n't the only worry for the South . Sleet and even rain can sometimes be just as debilitating , as previous storms have proven . "  You never get accustomed to an ice storm , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  There 's nothing you can do in an ice storm when it really rains on ground that 's  below freezing  . You ca n't drive on it , it 's hard to walk , maneuvering is impossible . " In Alabama , Joe Day found that out the way you do n't want to . He and some friends thought it would be better for them to drive home to Evansville , Indiana , instead of worrying with canceled flights . They did n't make it far . They were stuck on I-65 about 30 miles north of Birmingham . Joe says a hill and snow-covered roadways led to backed-up traffic for miles . Those planning to fly in and out of the South are on call in preparation for canceled flights or on the phone to reschedule because that 's already happened . As of 9 p.m. , the air travel tracking website FlightAware was already reporting more than 1,540 cancellations Wednesday in and out of the United States  not every cancellation was weather-related  . Its list of the most-affected airports has a distinctly Southern twang , with two around Dallas  DFW and Love Field , which were in the middle of the wintry muck in the morning  among those hardest hit . Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson led every place with a reported more than 20 % of its arriving and departing flights called off , something that could have far-reaching implications , given its standing as the one of the world 's busiest airports . Some snow and travel headaches are nothing new , of course , for those in the North -- especially this winter . Folks there found plenty of humor in the South 's predicament . "  In Wisconsin , we call this ` Wednesday , ' " joked Craig Koplien . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Ray Sanchez , Phil Gast and Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	Mississippi officials say one child dies in a car wreck Bad weather contributes to miles-long traffic backup in Alabama Winter storm warnings in 11 states ; rain , ice and snow are all issues
Washington  CNN  Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage , with Justice Anthony Kennedy returning to a familiar role as the court 's pivotal vote . Chief Justice John Roberts -- who shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold Obamacare -- this time seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices . The arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on Tuesday while supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside -- with one protester even interrupting the arguments from within . RELATED : How a Cincinnati judge could shape the gay marriage case Many questions on Tuesday centered around the definition of marriage and whether the decision to authorize or ban gay marriage should be left to voters in individual states or decided by the judicial system . All eyes were on Justice Anthony Kennedy , considered a key vote for challengers to the state bans , who has penned three decisions in favor of gay rights over the years . At the start of arguments he joined other conservatives concerned with the fact that marriage has been defined between a man and a woman for a long time . "  This definition has been with us for millennia , " he said . "  And it 's very difficult for the court to say : ` Oh , well , we know better . ' " But later Kennedy pressed John Bursch , a lawyer defending the bans : "  Same sex couples say : ` Of course , we understand the nobility and the sacredness of the marriage . We know we ca n't procreate , but we want the other attributes of it in order to show that we , too , have a dignity that can be fulfilled . ' " Kennedy also said that Bursch 's assertion "  that only opposite-sex couples can have a bonding with the child " was "  just a wrong premise . " When Bursch said the rate of out-of-wedlock birth has gone up in the country , Kennedy noted that if Bursch were to prevail , it might be difficult for same-sex couples to "  adopt some of these children . " "  I think , " Kennedy said , "  the argument cuts quite against you . " He also brought up the fact that marriage "  bestows dignity . " "  These parties say they want to have that same ennoblement , " he said . Chief Justice John Roberts was also concerned with the traditional definition of marriage . He said this to Mary L. Bonauto , an attorney representing the challengers : "  You 're not seeking to join the institution , you 're seeking to change what the institution is . " He expressed concern about closing off the debate currently going on in the states . "  I mean , closing of debate can close minds , and it will have a consequence on how this new institution is accepted . " "  People feel very differently about something if they have a chance to vote on it , than if it 's imposed on them by the courts , " he said . Conservative Justice Antonin Scalia and Justice Samuel Alito were sharply critical in their questioning of Bonauto . Scalia said that the issue is not whether there should be same-sex marriage , "  but who should decide the point . " Alito brought up how long marriage has been considered between a man and a woman and cast doubt that such a definition was meant to demean same-sex couples . Justice Sonia Sotomayor and other liberals seemed supportive of the challengers . When Bursch said that the issue should not be decided by the courts , Sotomayor pushed back . "  I suspect even with us giving gays rights to marry that there 's some gay people who will choose not to . ... Just as there are some heterosexual couples who choose not to marry . So we 're not taking anybody 's liberty away . " Steve Vladeck , a constitutional law professor at American University and CNN analyst , said Tuesday 's session revealed few surprises to close observers of the court who expected Kennedy and Roberts would be the swing votes on this case . RELATED : John Roberts ' big moment : Will he anger conservatives again ? "  We heard both of them in the arguments today showing support for both sides of the argument , showing skepticism for both sides of the argument , " Vladeck said . "  I think the headline here is it 's about what we expected . It 's going to be close , it 's going to be divisive and it 's going to come down to Kennedy and Roberts . " Vladeck also cautioned against reading too much into the justices ' questioning and comments during the oral arguments , which account for just a few hours in the multi-month process of deciding such an consequential case . The emotion of the case also flooded into the courtroom , as one protester seated inside began shouted and screaming in the middle of the arguments . "  If you support gay marriage you will burn in hell , " the protester shouted before police quickly detained the man and dragged him out of the courtroom while he continued to scream . RELATED : Meet the lawyers who will argue the gay marriage case "  Rather refreshing actually , " conservative Justice Antonin Scalia quipped as the man was dragged out to laughter in the courtroom . Lawyers with the pro-gay marriage organization Lambda Legal , which represented two of the cases wrapped into the Supreme Court case "  an awe-inspiring and singular moment in the march towards justice . " "  It was incredibly moving to gather in the Supreme Court chamber with their parents and all 30 plaintiffs in these historic cases . Mary and Doug were fantastic , making a compelling and to my mind irrefutable case on their behalf , " Lambda Legal 's Alphonse Gerhardstein said of the lawyers who argued in favor of same-sex marriage before the court on Tuesday . U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli , who represented the Obama administration 's views , also presented arguments in favor of same-sex marriage , focusing on equal protection under the 14th amendment and likening bans on same-sex marriage to handing second-class status to gay Americans . "  I do n't know why we would repeat history , " he said .	Questions Tuesday centered on whether defining marriage should be left to voters in individual states or decided by judicial system Chief Justice John Roberts , who shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold Obamacare , seemed to lean conservative Eyes on Justice Anthony Kennedy , a key vote for challengers to the state bans , who has penned decisions in favor of gay rights
Rowdy scenes erupted at the main Occupy Central protest site in Hong Kong on Monday after hundreds of people opposing the pro-democracy occupation tried to tear down protest barricades . Police formed a human chain to separate the protesters and people intent on breaking up their three-week long occupation of the Admiralty district , near the city 's financial center . Dozens of men , some wearing surgical masks , were seen jostling with protesters and demanding that police remove the barricades and clear the roads , according to live images from local television station iCable . They were heard screaming at protesters , accusing them of damaging their livelihoods . The television commentator identified them as taxi drivers , transport industry workers and other people who said they were n't affiliated with any groups . However , protesters could be heard yelling , "  there are triads here , " a reference to criminal gangs in the city known for controlling smuggling , prostitution and illegal gambling rings . Police on loudspeakers called for calm , and eventually convinced protesters to form a corridor to allow their opponents to leave . Earlier , police started to remove barricades from protest sites in Admiralty and Mong Kok , but issued a statement saying they were moving "  obstacles " to relieve traffic "  not to clear the scene . " Police "  pushed back a couple of barricades , dismantling them , " said CNN 's Ivan Watson , from the Admiralty protest site . He said the protesters had responded by moving their tents closer to the barrier but the streets had remained peaceful . Protest disruption At the peak of the protests , which started in late September , tens of thousands of demonstrators crowded onto the streets demanding a greater say in how the city is run . Protesters have been guarding barricades erected at the protest sites , and for many nights slept in the open air on bitumen before the arrival of reinforcements with tents on the weekend . Traffic in the other parts of the city has been clogged due to road closures , bus and tram cancellations and the need for cars to drive around the protest sites . Taxi drivers say their takings are down , and businesses have claimed the protests have cost them income . While protest numbers dwindled towards the end of last week , they started building again over the weekend when protest leaders called for reinforcements after the government called off talks planned for Friday . First live address Over the weekend , Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung made his first live address since protesters blocked key routes through the city . Speaking on local free-to-air station TVB , Leung said the protests were not a "  revolution , " but a "  mass movement that has spun out of control . " He said student leaders had "  almost zero chance " of pushing Beijing to chance its stance on how Hong Kong 's leader is elected . He added he would not accede to the protesters ' demands that he resign , because his resignation "  will not solve the problem . " "  It is because the students and other occupation protesters demand more than that . They want the Standing Committee to withdraw its August 31 decision . That is impossible , " he said . Beijing white paper He was referring to the white paper issued by the Standing Committee of China 's National People 's Congress stating that Hongkongers would be able to vote on their leader in 2017 , but only from an approved shortlist of candidates . In response to Leung 's comments , the three main groups leading the occupy campaign said it was the government that was out of control -- "  a government that fires tear-gas at unarmed citizens and unilaterally terminated dialogue with the students  sic  . " On September 28 , police fired 87 tear gas rounds into the crowd after protesters failed to disperse . The move was seen as a miscalculation and only served to garner support for the protesters who accused the government of heavy handedness and of stifling free speech . Open letter to China Over the weekend , student leaders from protest group Scholarism and the Hong Kong Federation of Students wrote an open letter to Chinese President Xi Jinping , urging him to closely consider their cause . "  There will only be more citizens , disillusioned with our corrupted institutions , marching and protesting , as long as no genuine democracy is practiced in this place , " they wrote . The letter said the occupation was "  definitely not a colour revolution or its alike , but rather a movement for democracy , " referring to the term "  umbrella revolution " which was coined after protesters used umbrellas to shield themselves from pepper spray and tear gas . View from China Xi has not commented on the protests , but Chinese censors have been busy blocking reports of the movement , including access to the photo-sharing site Instagram . A commentary published in China 's state-controlled People 's Daily on Monday , entitled "  Why is the U.S. so keen on Color Revolutions ? " , accused the U.S. of meddling in Hong Kong affairs . "  It is hardly likely that the U.S. will admit to manipulating the "  Occupy Central " movement , just as it will not admit to manipulating other anti-China forces . It sees such activities as justified by "  democracy , " "  freedom , " "  human rights " and other values , " it said . It said the mainstream U.S. media had shown "  exceptional interest " in "  Occupy Central " and had tried to portray it as Hong Kong 's version of a "  Color Revolution , " referring to pro-democracy movements around the world including the "  Arab Spring " and Ukraine 's "  Orange Revolution . " "  The U.S. may enjoy the sweet taste of interfering in other countries ' internal affairs , but on the issue of Hong Kong it stands little chance of overcoming the determination of the Chinese government to maintain stability and prosperity , " it added .	Scuffles as people opposing occuption try to remove protest barricades Democracy campaigners have been blocking key routes through the city C.Y. Leung : Protests a "  mass movement that has spun out of control " Students write open letter to Chinese President Xi Jinping
CNN  -- Sen. Rand Paul , the son of libertarian-leaning Republican Ron Paul , threw some red meat to the Republican National Convention crowd Wednesday night by counting up the increase in the debt under the Obama administration . "  President Obama 's administration will add nearly $ 6 trillion to our national debt in just one term , " said Paul , whom Kentucky voters sent to the U.S. Senate in 2010 . The facts : The national debt -- the cumulative tab run up by the U.S. government over its lifetime -- stood at $ 10.6 trillion when Barack Obama took office in January 2009 . It 's currently running at nearly $ 16 trillion , according to the Treasury Department . The Congressional Budget Office estimates project another $ 600 billion budget shortfall for the 2013 fiscal year . That would make a $ 6 trillion increase in a single term , as Paul says . Fact Check : Paul Ryan misleads on debt panel 's spending cut But there are some catches . First off , Obama governed for much of the first nine months of his administration under the last budget of the Bush administration . But he did push an $ 800 billion-plus economic stimulus program through Congress early in his term , some of which was spent before that budget year ended in October . Bush 's original budget proposal predicted a $ 407 billion deficit for 2009 , but the final figure was $ 1.4 trillion , according to White House figures . Spending has gone up under the Obama administration : For the 2011 fiscal year , the second full budget of Obama 's term , the federal government spent about $ 3.6 trillion , according to the White House budget office . That 's about $ 600 million more than in 2008 , the last full year under the Bush administration . But the budget gap has another element : Tax revenues have dropped during the 2007-2009 recession and remain lower than before . In the 2007 budget year , which ended shortly before the recession began , the federal government brought in nearly $ 2.6 trillion ; that number fell to $ 2.1 trillion in 2009 and is projected to total $ 2.4 trillion by the time this budget year ends in September . The verdict : True , but incomplete . While budget shortfalls have added $ 6 trillion to the national debt since January 2009 , some of that spending was already in the pipeline , and some of it is the result of the economic slump that has cut into tax receipts . Fact Check : Did Ryan get Obama 's GM speech right ? Matt Smith and Amy Roberts contributed to this report .	Sen. Rand Paul says Obama administration added to national debt $ 6 trillion added "  in just one term , " Paul says Spending has gone up during current administration
Oprah.com  -- If you make time each month to give your money some attention , you 'll start 2012 in fabulous financial shape . Thoughtful financial planning can easily take a backseat to daily life .  Do your taxes two months early ? You 're just trying to stay on top of today .  But I promise that if you set aside time each month to give your money some attention , when 2012 rolls around you 'll be in fabulous financial shape . Here 's my plan of attack for the year to come : Automate Your Security No one 's ever achieved financial fitness with a resolution that 's abandoned by February . Building security requires a commitment to saving , and the easiest way to save is with an automatic transfer . Search online for the highest-yielding bank or credit union savings account ; after you 've opened one , set up monthly deposits from your checking account . If your employer matches employee contributions to a 401  k  , sign up now . Already enrolled ? Make sure you 're contributing enough to qualify for the maximum company match , and if you 're not , boost your contribution rate by one percentage point each year until you 're eligible for the maximum match . Then make funding your individual retirement account  IRA  automatic as well by linking it to your checking account . Timely Tip : If you or your child will be attending college this fall , submit your Free Application for Federal Student Aid  FAFSA  form ASAP , using estimates of your 2010 taxes . February : Get ahead of the game You should have received all documents necessary -- your W-2 , 1098  if you have a mortgage  , and 1099s -- to complete your 2010 taxes . You 've still got two months , but handling this task early has major benefits . If you 're surprised by a tax bill , you have time to figure out a payment strategy . If you 're entitled to a refund , you will receive it that much sooner . March : Do some spring cleaning Make time to toss any outdated paperwork . You should keep a copy of your tax return indefinitely , but you need to save supporting documents for only three years . Anything from before 2007 should get shredded . If you 're self-employed or have income from multiple sources , hold on to your documents for six years . That 's how long the IRS has to challenge your reported income . Next , roll over 401  k  s from old jobs and IRAs at different firms into one account at a low-cost brokerage or mutual fund company -- it 's easier to keep track of this way , and you 'll save on maintenance fees . Oprah.com : What money can teach you about personal power April : Take stock As we head into the sign of Taurus , take a moment to think about bull markets . For long-term savings goals , stocks have the potential to generate inflation-beating gains . But we 're all a bit queasy about stocks these days . Focus your stock investments on those that pay dividends -- payments a company makes to its shareholders . Sticking with a low-cost exchange traded fund  ETF  with a diversified portfolio of dividend payers is a smart strategy . Try the Vanguard Dividend Appreciation  VIG  or the SPDR S&P Dividend ETF  SDY  . Timely Tip : If you do file your taxes in April , let your return guide your next move . If you 're owed a refund , change your W-4 withholding to get that money back in your paychecks where it belongs . If you owe a penalty , make sure you 're not having too little money withheld . May : Hit a home run This is the start of house-buying season , but since most of us stay put in any given year , let 's focus on you current mortgage holders -- starting with your homeowner 's insurance . If rebuilding costs in your area have fallen in recent years , you could be overinsured . Confirm that you have an extended replacement policy , which pays a set percentage over the dollar value of your coverage . And switch to a higher deductible  at least $ 1,000 or so  , which will lower your premium . Cover any expenses that amount to less than $ 1,000 with your emergency savings fund . Finally , check your property tax base . If your current property tax bill is based on an old valuation of your home , contact your local tax assessor -- you may be paying too much . June : Gift smart With all the graduations and weddings coming your way , you 're probably planning to purchase some presents . Here 's my gift-giving rule : Respect your current financial situation . The last thing family and friends want is for you to spend money on them that you do n't have or that you ca n't really spare . Oprah.com : Give your finances a reality check July : Have the talk For those of you with camp-age kids , July no doubt involves a Parents ' Day full of festivities . I 'm proposing a different spin on Parents ' Day : Take time to talk to your parents about their financial well-being . First , confirm that they have the key estate documents : a will , a revocable living trust , and durable power of attorney for both healthcare and financial matters . Have they reviewed their beneficiaries recently ? If not , they should do so now . Next , look into long-term care insurance . Finally , help them formulate an advance directive -- a document that spells out the medical care an individual wants in the event he or she becomes physically unable to communicate . It may be a difficult conversation to have , but it lets your parents know that if the time comes , you 'll make sure their exact wishes are followed . That 's a great way to honor what they mean to you . August : Teach your children a lesson This school year , think about instituting new money rules for you and your kids . I 'm a big advocate of a work-for-pay setup rather than an allowance that is n't attached to chores -- it 's a great way to impart the value of money to your children . Timely Tip : If you need a new car , August is the time to shop -- dealers are eager to make room for next year 's models . September : Check , please ! Have you checked your credit report in the past year ? Did n't think so . Visit AnnualCreditReport.com , where you can access your reports on file at the big-three credit bureaus -- for free . If you anticipate taking out a loan in the next six months or may be job hunting , or if your credit report turns up any mistakes , you should also obtain your FICO credit score  $ 16 ; MyFICO.com . Oprah.com : Are you overpaying on your taxes ? October : Brace for life 's tricks I wish you only treats this Halloween . But while we all hope for the best , we still need to prepare for the worst . Parents of young children must have life insurance and a will in place -- it 's non-negotiable . For most families , term life insurance is the easiest and least expensive solution . Go to SelectQuote.com or AccuQuote.com to make sure you 're looking out for your family 's best interests if the worst should happen . Timely Tip : Parents of new college grads : The six-month grace period between graduation and repayment for many student loans is approaching . Make sure repayment arrangements are nailed down . November : Bag the best benefits Fall is typically open-enrollment period at work , when you can make changes to your benefits package for the coming year . If you learn that your health insurance rates will increase in 2012 , check whether your company offers a high-deductible plan that 's paired with a health savings account . If you 're in good health , this can be a great way to reduce your premium costs by agreeing to pay a higher deductible  minimum of $ 1,200 for individuals and $ 2,400 for families  . You can then invest in an HSA , which allows your tax-deductible contributions to be used for medical expenses , including the deductible . Your unused HSA balance can be rolled over and used in subsequent years . December : Pay in cash Financially speaking , December can be rough : Gift giving , holiday parties , and vacations all take their toll . My advice ? Stash your credit cards and live within your means all 31 days of this month . Avoiding that nasty January credit card bill that you ca n't pay off is the surest way to start 2012 on the right financial foot . Oprah.com : How to protect yourself from identity theft Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	If you or your child will be attending college , submit your FAFSA form ASAP If you need a new car , August is the time to shop Stash your credit cards and live within your means all 31 days of December
Washington  CNN  -- It 's August , the dog days of summer , and President Barack Obama and Congress are making a break from the nation 's capital . The president heads West for a quick trip on the economy that includes a visit with Jay Leno , while federal lawmakers begin their five-week summer recess . Mitt Romney , a couple men who might have hopes of being the next Republican presidential nominee , and a first-term congressman from Arkansas also will be political stories in the week ahead . 1 . Taking it to the states While lawmakers may have left Washington for the sticky month of August , their political battles are n't taking a rest . The sniping over Obamacare , immigration and the budget is only set to amplify as outside groups hit states to rally supporters behind their causes . Like August 2009 , when rowdy town halls across the country helped fuel the burgeoning tea party movement , health care will provide conservative activists with a rallying cry for smaller government and less federal spending -- though this time around , Obamacare supporters are also getting into the town hall business . Obamacare battle heads to states Organizing for Action , the advocacy group formed from the remnants of Obama 's presidential campaign , will get started Sunday with community events and house parties pegged to the president 's 52nd birthday . The Obamacare rallies , part of the group 's "  Action August " initiative , are designed to counter conservatives who are also darting across the country to push against the president 's sweeping health care law . While the 2009 rallies loudly pushed elected officials to reject the president 's plans , conservative events this year will advocate defunding the law , which was enacted in 2010 and deemed constitutional last summer by the Supreme Court . Some conservative lawmakers -- including Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , Rep. Marco Rubio of Florida and Sen. Mike Lee of Utah -- are using impending budget battles as leverage , vowing to oppose any measure that provides funding for the federal government that includes funding for the health care law . The measure funding the government expires September 30 , setting up another Capitol Hill budget battle between Republicans and the White House . Other Republicans , however , have voiced opposition to threatening a government shutdown in order to gut the health care law . Boehner 's juggling act : Killing Obamacare and avoiding shutdown Other groups hitting the road : the anti-Obamacare Tea Party Patriots , ForAmerica and Americans for Prosperity ; and the pro-Obamacare Americans United for Change and Protect your Care . 2 . Obama heads West With economic speeches in Illinois , Missouri , Florida and Tennessee under his belt , Obama heads west Tuesday to Arizona , this time to talk housing in a market that 's seeing recovery after home prices plummeted . Phoenix was one of the worst hit areas during the housing crisis , seeing home prices drop more than 50 % between 2006 and 2011 . But things are looking up -- a closely watched index out this week showed home prices there were up more than 20 % from a year ago . CNNMoney.com : Home prices keep soaring But homeownership around the nation is still at record lows , and according to a report this week from a federal watchdog , borrowers who received help through the government 's main foreclosure prevention program are re-defaulting on their mortgages at alarming rates . "  In Arizona , the president will lay out his plan to continue to help responsible homeowners and those Americans who seek to own their own homes as another cornerstone of how we can strengthen the middle class in America , " White House press secretary Jay Carney said this week . The speech is a continuation of the president 's push to turn back to the economy and jobs , which Americans still rate as their top issues in public polling . Republicans have largely been skeptical of the new effort , casting it as yet another "  pivot " that has n't resulted in any new proposals . While out West , the president will also drop in on Jay Leno , taping an appearance on "  The Tonight Show " on Tuesday . He 'll also visit servicemen and women at southern California 's Camp Pendleton . 3 . He 's back ! Mitt Romney is attending his first political fundraiser since he lost last November 's presidential election . The former Massachusetts governor and 2012 GOP nominee will be the headliner at a New Hampshire Republican Party reception and fundraiser . The event will take place on Tuesday in the Granite State 's lakes region , near Romney 's vacation home in Wolfeboro , along Lake Winnipesaukee . The New Hampshire Republican Party told CNN that general admission tickets for the event are sold out . "  The dinner will give Romney 's many local supporters in New Hampshire a chance to see him again , " Ryan Williams , an adviser to the New Hampshire GOP who worked on the Romney campaign , told CNN . Was Mitt Romney right about Detroit and Russia ? Following November 's election loss , Romney spent much of his time out of the public eye , but he recently re-entered the spotlight , holding a multiday conference in Park City , Utah , that featured several prospective 2016 presidential candidates and other national leaders , as well as some of the GOP 's major donors . 4 . Is the next race already under way ? Two men who might aspire to be the Republican presidential nominee in 2016 head to -- you guessed it -- Iowa at the end of the week . Former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , who battled Romney deep into last year 's GOP primaries , and freshman Sen. Ted Cruz will have prominent speaking roles at the 2013 Family Leadership Summit . The event 's being put on by the Family Leader , a group that 's influential with social conservatives in Iowa . Social conservative voters are a key constituency among Hawkeye State Republicans , and Iowa 's caucuses lead off the presidential primary and caucus calendar . Santorum is well known and respected among social conservatives . Cruz , who was elected to the Senate last year thanks to strong support from tea party and other grassroots conservatives , is fast becoming a rising star on the right . Also speaking at the gathering : Donald Trump , who once again might be flirting with running for president . 5 . Game on in crucial Senate battle Get ready for what could be another crucial and bruising 2014 Senate battle , this time in Arkansas , which could ultimately decide whether the Democrats keep control of the chamber . Republican Rep. Tom Cotton is expected to announce Tuesday that he 's running against incumbent two-term U.S. Sen. Mark Pryor , who is considered one of the most vulnerable Democratic senators up for re-election next year . Cotton , who served in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , is considered a rising star in the GOP and is a favorite of many neoconservatives . The representative , who was just elected to Congress this past November , has been a frequent guest on cable news channels , including CNN . Next year the Democrats will try to maintain their majority in the Senate , where they hold a 54-46 edge  including two independents who caucus with the party  over the GOP . They hope to expand that to 55-45 following October 's special Senate election in New Jersey , which they are favored to win . But they most likely will be defending 21 of 35 seats up for grabs in November 2014 .	Advocacy about Obamacare is planned by liberals and conservatives President Obama heads West to talk about the housing in Phoenix Mitt Romney returns to the political stage with a fundraiser in New Hampshire Former Sen. Rick Santorum and Sen. Ted Cruz address a conservative gathering in Iowa
FORT LAUDERDALE , Florida  CNN  -- A Fort Lauderdale nurse has resigned and more than 1,800 patients have been notified that they may have been exposed to diseases such as HIV and hepatitis , after the nurse allegedly admitted to the hospital that she used disposable IV equipment on multiple patients , a violation of safety standards . Reuse of disposable equipment violates "  universal , standard " safety policy , a hospital official noted . Fort Lauderdale Police are investigating to determine whether any crimes were committed after an anonymous caller reported seeing the nurse use the same saline bag and a portion of tubing more than once , during adult cardiac chemical stress tests . The hospital , Broward General Medical Center , said that a review of the nurse was conducted when administering intravenous fluids during the stress tests and that she was suspended pending the outcome of a full investigation . The nurse subsequently resigned , according to the hospital . Police have identified the nurse as Qui Lan of Fort Lauderdale . On Friday , an attorney for Lan told CNN : "  Ms. Qui Lan has been a registered nurse for over 37 years providing excellent medical care to all of her patients . She has an excellent reputation in the medical community due to her professionalism and ethical manner . We are confident that once the facts surrounding this incident are revealed , Ms. Qui Lan will continue to be seen in the same light . " "  She 's not a suspect , " said police Sgt. Frank Sousa . "  We do n't have a crime at this point ... If any victims come forward , we 're going to investigate . " Police have not released an incident report . "  It 's heartbreaking to every employee here , " said Cathy Meyer , a spokeswoman for Broward General Medical Center . "  She was aware that she was doing this . It 's no different than changing a sheet , or a BandAid . This is what nurses go into nursing school for , " Meyer said . "  It 's a violation of standard nursing infection control procedures , " she said . "  It 's a universal , standard policy which was violated . " The hospital says a review of medical files from the nurse 's date of employment , January 2004 , until today identified 1,851 patients to whom the nurse administered cardiac chemical tests . These patients are being urged to get tested for the hepatitis B and C virus , and HIV . Alice Taylor , the hospital 's chief operating officer , said the nurse admitted to a hospital investigator that she should have used new equipment for each patient . When asked why she did n't , the nurse did not respond , Taylor said , through a spokesperson . "  She admitted to inconsistencies in replacing the saline bag , " Taylor said . A cardiac chemical stress test is designed for people who can not tolerate a traditional stress test , which involves walking on a treadmill with electrodes attached to their body . So , the chemical test is performed , using specific medicines that increase the heart beat as if the person were exercising . It was during this intravenous process that saline bags and tubing were allegedly used more than once , according to the anonymous individual . The hospital believes the risk of exposure is low but said it 's important for patients to be tested and will pay all necessary costs . "  This is an individual 's unacceptable practice that once discovered was immediately corrected , " said James Thaw , CEO of Broward General Medical Center , in a written statement . As of Tuesday morning , the hospital had already received more than 600 calls and had counseled 30 people inside the hospital . "  It 's prudent for our hospital to go into an investigation and notify every patient . We took a conservative approach , " said Meyer , the hospital spokesperson . But whether the nurse 's actions result in criminal charges remains to be seen . The police have sealed the incident report and have not yet interviewed the nurse . "  We are investigating to see whether or not there was a crime that was committed , " said Sgt. Frank Sousa of the Fort Lauderdale Police Department . In the meantime , a 24-hour patient hotline has been established . The hospital asks concerned patients to call 800-545-5716 , or go to their Web site at www.browardhealth.org/patientnotice/# .	Over 1,800 patients received notification that could 've been exposed to diseases Hospital said the nurse admitted to reusing disposable IV equipment Notified patients are being urged to get tested for hepatitis B and C , HIV
CNN  -- The Soyuz capsule returned Friday night landing in northeast Kazakhstan bringing an American astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts back from a journey to the International Space Station , NASA said . The vessel capsule needed less than three and a half hours to descend to Earth . The return , initially scheduled for Thursday , was postponed because of inclement weather at the landing site northeast of the Russian town of Arkalyk , NASA said . The American expedition commander , Kevin Ford , and Russian Flight Engineers Oleg Novitskiy and Evgeny Tarelkin spent 142 days on the station after launching into space on October 23 , 2012 . The crew members spent their unexpected extra day in space reviewing undocking and landing procedures as well as working with the remaining crew members on the handover of duties , NASA said . Ford passed the helm of the space station to Chris Hadfield of the Canadian Space Agency . Hadfield and his crewmates , U.S. astronaut Tom Marshburn and Russian cosmonaut Roman Romanenko , will oversee the space station until the arrival of the next crew in two weeks , according to NASA . The journey up to the station takes longer than the return trip to Earth , NASA said . The Soyuz needs a total of two days to catch up with the ISS in its orbit . NASA TV planned to broadcast the undocking and landing live . More space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog	NASA : The Soyuz spacecraft has returned to Earth from the International Space Station One American and two Russians will land just before midnight Russian Soyuz space modules have proven very reliable It is the standard transportation mode to the ISS after a deadly space shuttle crash
Cairo  CNN  -- Security forces fired Thursday at protesters in a Damascus suburb visited by Arab League monitors and more than 30 people died in regions targeted by the observers , opposition activists said . The forces shot at demonstrators assembling in the Grand Mosque area of Douma as the observers arrived at the city 's municipal building , said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an opposition activist group . About 30,000 demonstrators were there , the observatory said . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , another opposition activist network , reported "  massive crowds in front of the National Hospital in the presence of the Arab observers committee , who arrived after the fall of seven martyrs and dozens of wounded and detainees . " An amateur video said to be from Douma showed soldiers congregating on one end of the street and protesters congregating down the road . People chanted "  God is Great " and "  Freedom from Bashar . " Arab League monitors who had been working in the opposition center of Homs arrived in the cities of Daraa , Idlib and Hama , and visited the Damascus area . Deaths were reported in all of those regions . Of the 38 people killed on Thursday , 13 died in the Damascus suburbs , eight died in Hama , 11 in Homs , and five in Idlib province and one in Daraa , the LCC said . A brigadier general who is the chief of a military engineering college was shot and wounded in Homs . The Syrian Arab News Agency said he was assaulted by an "  armed terrorist group . " The observatory said a group of "  unknown armed men " tried to assassinate him . Since the observers arrived in Syria on Tuesday , more than 130 people -- six of them children -- have been killed , the LCC said . Fact-finders are monitoring an Arab League initiative that calls for President Bashar al-Assad 's security forces to withdraw from cities , release detainees and end violence . Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby met in Cairo with Burhan Ghalioun , head of Syrian National Council opposition movement . They discussed the purpose of the monitoring mission and its execution , the league said . Many Syrians have been supportive of the mission , but others have derided the effort as pointless . Opposition activists have criticized the selection of a Sudanese military commander , Lt. Gen. Mohamed Ahmed Mustafa al-Dabi , as the head of the monitoring group . The activists said he had a key position in the government as atrocities occurred in Sudan 's Darfur region . Khaled Abo Saleh , an opposition activist who said he met Wednesday with al-Dabi and others from the mission in Homs , said Syrians want the observers "  to reveal the truth to the world . To show what is happening here accurately and completely and to protect civilians . " "  The people of Homs and the youth activists have no faith in the Arab League mission . It is clear now they are just another ploy by the Syrian regime to buy time . They are ineffective and have no resources to change the situation . "  But we are doing our part showing them what is happening in Homs , submitting evidence of killing and arbitrary arrest , " he said . Saleh said killings have decreased but have not stopped in Syria since the observers arrived . More than 5,000 people have been killed since mid-March , the United Nations said . Activist groups count more than 6,000 deaths . "  Generally , we have 25 to 30 killed in Homs every day , now maybe the death toll is nine to 10 . But the martyrs can not be counted in numbers ; they must be counted in the loss to their family and the devastation to their people , " Saleh said . "  I told al-Dabi that 15 people were killed in a protest the day the mission arrived in Homs . I showed him the body of a toddler killed by Syrian security forces . I took him to see the destroyed neighborhoods and the parts of Homs completely cut off from food , water , and electricity , " Saleh said . CNN can not independently verify opposition accounts of violence or reports of deaths and injuries in Syria . Al-Assad 's government has restricted access by international journalists . An Arab League official told CNN that 75 monitors were in Syria with more expected to arrive in coming days . A permanent team will remain in Homs , which had been under a military siege for days , said the official , who asked not to be named . Ibrahim Zafarani , a founding member of the Arab Doctors Association , pulled out of the Arab League fact-finding mission after being selected as a monitor , saying he disagreed with the mission 's methods . On Thursday , he added his voice to the growing criticism of al-Dabi , saying , "  All I see now is the head of the mission barely announcing any information , while dozens have died in the first two days of the mission . " "  I would not have allowed people dying under the umbrella of the monitors mission and face the guilt , " he said . In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland noted that a video posted on YouTube shows a democracy rally in Idlib "  that went forward with quite a crowd , at the same time that the monitors were there . So clearly , their presence appears to have provided some space for public expression . " She added , "  we see some , some positive signs , but not enough . " She noted "  a modest prisoner release , " but said that the highest-profile political activists remain incarcerated . Fouad Ajami , a senior fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution , predicted the unrest in Syria will devolve into a long civil war . "  The regime ca n't bury this revolution ; the revolution ca n't overthrow the regime , " he told CNN . "  The international community has really been disgraceful , and the belief in the Arab League has been such a sham . " In Syria , the unrest began in March when the government brutally cracked down on peaceful demonstrators calling for political reforms and criticizing security force actions . The movement quickly spiraled into a call for the ouster of al-Assad . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Salma Abdelaziz and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Fouad Ajami tells CNN the impasse will devolve into a long civil war Local activists say more than 130 have been killed since Arab League monitors arrived State Department says the effort yields "  some positive signs , but not enough " Arab League monitors fanned out to trouble spots , including the Damascus area
CNN  -- Staff Sgt. Edwin Caba served in Afghanistan for nearly three years . Like his fellow soldiers , he longed for a sense of normalcy during his tours . "  We 'd spend hours not sleeping , and rushing to eat meals , and staying on guard , " said Caba , 26 . When a litter of puppies was born on the base where Caba served , the animals provided just the relief he needed . "  You walk in , and the dogs are wagging their tails , jumping on your legs and so excited to see you , " Caba said . "  You forget that you 're halfway across the world , in a desert , with hostile things going on . " The soldiers began feeding , bathing and caring for the puppies , and Caba bonded with one in particular . "  She was sleeping on her back , with her mouth wide open , her tongue out a little bit and it was such a dopey thing to do -- and it 's just like me , " said Caba , who named the dog Cadence . "  So I kind of knew that was it for me . " But a few months later , the soldiers ' tour was coming to an end . Determined not to leave the dogs behind , they searched for a way to get them to America . That 's when Caba was connected with Nowzad Dogs . Since 2007 , the organization has reunited hundreds of soldiers with the stray dogs and cats they rescued while serving on the front lines . "  On every single street corner in Kabul you will find stray dogs , " said Pen Farthing , a former Royal Marine sergeant who founded the nonprofit . "  To be able to get that animal home to them , it closes the loop . ... They do n't want to just abandon that animal . " Soldier 's best friend Farthing knows firsthand the bond that can form between a soldier and a dog . In 2006 , while on patrol in Afghanistan , he and his troop encountered a dog fight . "  We broke up that dog fight not realizing that one of those dogs was actually going to adopt me , " said Farthing , 45 . The dog followed Farthing back to base . They became friends , and Farthing named him Nowzad , after the town where he saved him . "  He was just war-torn and battered , just like the town we were actually fighting over , " he said . For several months , Farthing and Nowzad filled an important void in each other 's lives . "  As the troop sergeant , I was there to motivate the guys and get them fired up again to go out and do the job . ... But no one was doing that for me , " Farthing said . "  My time with this dog was a way of de-stressing , collecting my thoughts and popping my head back in the game . " After his tour ended , Farthing went through a difficult process to get Nowzad home to Britain . He realized he not only wanted to help other soldiers do the same , he wanted to do more to help Afghanistan . "  One day you are fighting the Taliban , and the next day you are home and grocery shopping , " Farthing said . "  When I got home , I thought , ` What am I doing here ? ' I did n't want to leave Afghanistan forever . " Today , Nowzad Dogs also works to promote animal welfare in the country . The group 's shelter and clinic in Kabul are staffed by 14 Afghan nationals , four of whom are trained veterinarians . The group spays/neuters street dogs and cats and vaccinates them against rabies to reduce the stray animal population . In turn , those efforts help protect residents by having fewer rabid animals roaming the streets . Farthing said his organization has the only official animal shelter in Afghanistan . The group also places rescued animals in caring homes there . Journey to a new home Farthing 's group has reunited animals with nearly 700 service members from eight countries . Soldiers ' dogs and cats are first brought to the shelter in Kabul , where kennel manager and former British soldier Louise Hastie begins the quarantine process . All animals are spayed/neutered , vaccinated and micro-chipped . They spend two to three months at the shelter before being transported to the soldier 's home country . Last year , Caba and fellow soldiers were reunited in New York with the puppies for which they had cared . "  When I pulled Cadence out of the crate at  the airport  , I was just so excited . I was even more excited that she remembered me , " Caba said . "  It kind of brought me back to coming back after a mission and having her there . It brought me right back to that feeling . " Nowzad lived with Farthing in Britain for the last six years until the dog 's recent death . For Farthing , he was a constant reminder of their journey . "  My connection with Afghanistan stayed alive because of Nowzad , " Farthing said . "  So for me , every time I look at him , it just makes me smile . I could never have dreamed that we 'd be doing something like this in Afghanistan . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Nowzad Dogs ' website at www.nowzad.org and see how to help .	Pen Farthing , a former sergeant in the Royal Marines , founded Nowzad Dogs The nonprofit reunites stray dogs and cats with soldiers who took them in during combat Farthing started the organization after adopting Nowzad , a stray dog , in Afghanistan
CNN  -- The bodies of 19 Arizona firefighters killed in a wildfire went home Sunday in a somber procession of more than 100 miles across the state . White hearses flying American flags carried the Prescott Fire Department 's Granite Mountain Hotshots from the State Capitol in Phoenix to their hometown of Prescott , passing through the community where they died battling the Yarnell Hill Fire on June 30 . People from across the state and around the country gathered along the route of the public procession , withstanding triple-digit temperatures to pay respects to the elite wildfire-fighting crew . 19 profiles in heroism "  These men are heroes . They 've earned the respect of everyone in this line , " an onlooker told CNN affiliate KTVK as he awaited the procession in Phoenix . Just one member of the elite 20-man wildfire-fighting crew survived the Yarnell Hill Fire , which started June 28 and spread to more than 6,000 acres in two days . The incident , part of a fire that destroyed more than 100 homes , was the deadliest day for firefighters since the 9/11 attacks . Lookout warned team before fire killed 19 As of Sunday , at least 90 % of the fire had been contained , officials said . Residents who were forced to evacuate Yarnell and Peeples Valley will be permitted to return to their homes at 9 a.m. Monday morning , a spokesman for the Yavapai County Emergency Management office said . Hotshot crews are called to get close to the blaze , dig barriers and clear out the brush and other material that otherwise would fuel it . Erratic winds were blamed on the sudden shift in the fire 's direction that trapped the group . The deaths are under investigation , but officials have said it appears the 19 were forced to lie down under blankets meant to protect against flames and heat as a last resort against an inferno that overwhelmed them . The procession of hearses and police motorcycles passed through Yarnell on its way to Prescott , where they will be honored in a memorial service Tuesday that Vice President Joe Biden is expected to attend . The firefighters left behind wives and children . One firefighter left behind his pregnant fiance . "  I feel for the people they left behind , " an observer of the procession in Phoenix told KTVK . "  There 's a story behind each family . The more I hear , the more sad it makes me . " Opinion : When heroes face down fire -- and fate	NEW : Bodies of Granite Mountain Hotshots return home Sunday after 100-mile procession People nationwide travel to Arizona for procession honoring elite wildfire-fighting crew "  These men are heroes . They 've earned the respect of everyone in this line , " onlooker says
CNN  -- Japan -- battered by a strong yen , slowing global demand and increased oil and gas imports due to last year 's Fukushima nuclear disaster -- posted a record trade deficit of $ 18.7 billion in January , according to official figures released Monday . The record fall was stoked by greater energy imports of gas and oil following the March 11earthquake , tsunami and resulting nuclear disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant , which forced the closure of most of Japan 's atomic power plants . "  The sharp increase of oil price could be the main reason of the sharp deterioration of trade balance , " said Takahide Kiuchi , chief economist for Nomura Securities in Tokyo . Currently , only five reactors out of 54 in the country are in operation after officials allowed most to fall idle in the wake of the Fukushima disaster . By April , if more reactors are not brought online the country will have no nuclear plants in operation , placing more pressure on its energy suppliers . Liquid natural gas imports alone climbed 28.2 % year on year , according to the ministry 's preliminary report . Last month , U.N. nuclear experts gave a thumbs-up to Japan 's planned "  stress tests " for its remaining nuclear power plants to test whether they could withstand another emergency . The team from the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  recommended Japanese regulators improve communication with the residents around the plants and address plans for dealing with severe accidents more comprehensively in the wake of the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl in 1986 . Monday 's record deficit comes after Japan posted in 2011 its first annual trade deficit in 31 years , and underlines the difficulties facing the export-driven nation as it looks to rebuild . But the world 's third largest economy faces difficult headwinds with a currency that reached record-high levels in the past year , cutting profits returning home from multinational companies and slowing demand from major trading partners such as the European Union and China . Exports fell 9.3 % year-on-year , according to figures released by the country 's Ministry of Finance Monday . The biggest drop was with China , which fell 20.1 % . Exports to Europe fell 7.7 % , while trade with the U.S. was up 0.6 % . January was the fourth straight month where imports outpaced exports . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report	Japan posts a record trade deficit of $ 18.7 billion in January Rise due to the increase in oil prices and increase of fossil fuel imports Deficit fueled by the shut down of Japan 's nuclear power plants Only five reactors out of 54 still online after March 11 earthquake and nuclear disaster
CNN  -- Chicago police continued to search Friday for a suspect in the brutal rape of 15-year-old girl who was walking to school near one of the city 's Safe Passage routes for children . Meanwhile , as the crime put national attention again on Chicago 's violence , police Superintendent Garry F. McCarthy made a surprise visit to a community meeting Thursday night , where residents expressed anger and outrage over the crime . The 15-year-old girl remains hospitalized , with a head injury suffered in the assault . "  The young lady is still on the fence , if you will , as far as how she 's doing , " McCarthy told the gathering of parents and other residents in the Belmont Cragin neighborhood on the city 's northwest side . "  We 're going to make sure that we catch this monster . We 're going to make sure that it does n't happen again in this community or in any other community in the city of Chicago , " McCarthy added . The 15-year-old girl was walking to her high school in predawn darkness when an assailant hit her on the head , dragged her between two houses to a yard and raped her , police said , with the assault taking place just a half-block away from one of the city 's "  Safe Passage " school routes especially for students . Just this fall , local officials pledged that an expanded Safe Passages program -- with its big yellow signs above sidewalks patrolled during key times by paid , trained workers -- would be a sanctuary for children walking to and from school . The initiative came as Chicago became the nation 's homicide capital of America in 2012 , according to FBI statistics . This school year , city and school officials doubled the number of Safe Passage routes to accommodate more children being forced to walk greater distances because the school system closed a record 48 elementary schools amid a $ 1 billion budget shortfall . About 12,000 students are attending new schools this year because of the budget crisis , and many of them must walk through some of Chicago 's most violent neighborhoods . This week , local authorities noted that the 15-year-old victim was walking to school Tuesday morning a half-hour before her nearby Safe Passage route was staffed with patrols . A resident found the girl half-naked and bleeding from the head on a snowy walkway at the side of his home . She lay for about two hours in the cold before she was discovered . She was conscious but barely moving when she was found , authorities said . "  Just opening up the door , and take a morning sweep of the sidewalks and to find something like that is just shocking , " said Michael Klockowski , the resident on the city 's northwest side who found the schoolgirl . The snow outside his home was still stained Thursday . CNN 's George Howell and Bill Kirkos reported from Chicago .	Chicago detectives are still searching for the assailant in a 15-year-old girl 's rape Police superintendent makes a surprise visit to a meeting of angry parents "  The young lady is still on the fence ... as far as how she 's doing , " he says of the victim "  We 're going to make sure that we catch this monster , " he tells crowd
CNN  -- Thousands of North Carolina voters hit the polls on Tuesday to cast their ballots on a referendum that would constitutionally ban same-sex marriage , even though state law already does not permit such unions . Amendment 1 would alter the North Carolina Constitution to say that "  marriage between one man and one woman is the only domestic legal union that shall be valid or recognized in this state . " Supporters argue that the amendment is needed to stop those trying to redefine marriage and to ward off possible future actions of "  activist judges . " It would also strengthen the state 's position against same-sex civil unions , often considered a precursor to the marriage issue . Opponents say the measure is redundant and could result in jeopardizing domestic violence protections for women and affect couples ' health benefits . Follow all the political news at CNN.com 's Election Center Several municipalities in North Carolina provide benefits to same-sex couples , state officials say . Duke University law professor Kathryn Bradley says those rights could be potentially lost if the referendum passes on Tuesday . Concerns over the measure also home in on the potential for unintended consequences , she said , affecting issues such as child custody and the prosecution of domestic violence among unmarried couples because of the narrow definition of the new statute . "  Before domestic violence laws , we relied on criminal assault laws , which do n't always protect against things like stalking , " added Bradley , who says the measure could also affect heterosexual couples . But Sen. Dan Soucek , one of the primary sponsors of the proposed amendment , said he does n't "  believe those are legitimate concerns . " "  We looked at these issues extensively and tried to make sure that all of those concerns are addressed , " he said . A simple majority is needed for the measure to be approved . It was passed in the state House and Senate last year . Both are Republican-controlled , the first time that 's happened in North Carolina in the past 140 years , according to house officials . "  This bill 's been 12 years in the making , " noted Maxine Eichner , a law professor at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . "  But it 's now made possible because Republicans control the legislature . " Should Amendment 1 gain approval , it would largely prevent the state 's judiciary from overturning the bill by enshrining its language into the state constitution . Some 500,000 people had already cast ballots on the measure through early voting or absentee ballots . Polls are set to close at 7:30 p.m. ET . "  It could destroy our family unit , " said Kelli Evans alongside and her partner of 17 years , Karen Wade . "  If they could see that it 's a family they 're affecting , maybe they could sit down and think about the issue before they vote on Election Day . " Others say the issue , if left unchecked , could one day undermine traditional notions of marriage . Evangelist Billy Graham endorsed the ballot initiative , a rare move for a preacher who has typically avoided political fights . Graham took out full-page ads in 14 North Carolina newspapers touting his support for the measure , saying "  the Bible is clear -- God 's definition of marriage is between a man and a woman . " Graham 's website encouraged churches to download a poster that bears his image and the message "  Vote for Marriage May 8th . " On the other side , former President Bill Clinton opposed the amendment in a recording sent by phone to hundreds of thousands of North Carolina homes . "  So the real effect of the law is not to keep the traditional definition of marriage , you 've already done that , " Clinton says in the recording . "  The real effect of the law will be to hurt families and drive away jobs . " The only recent public opinion polling on the issue , derived from a group that does work for Democratic candidates and causes , indicates that a majority of North Carolina voters support the amendment . Nationally , according to a new Gallup survey , 50 % of Americans believe same-sex couples should be allowed to wed , a markedly different position than in past years , suggesting a growing acceptance of same-sex marriages . Some 48 % say they do not support same-sex weddings . Sen. Soucek described marriage on Tuesday as a "  time-tested building block of society that revolves around procreation . " But three days earlier , Vice President Joe Biden said he was "  absolutely comfortable " with the idea of same-sex marriage . "  I just think that the good news is that as more and more Americans come to understand what this is all about , it is a simple proposition : Who do you love ? Who do you love ? And will you be loyal to the person who love ? " Biden said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Biden did not mention the North Carolina initiative and added that it 's the president , not he , who sets the administration 's policy . President Barack Obama has taken the official position that his views on the issue are "  evolving . " Thirty states have voted in favor of constitutional amendments that seek to defend traditional definitions of marriage as a hetereosexual union . "  Of states without constitutional amendments on marriage , 45 %  9 of 20  eventually recognize same-sex marriage , either by direct judicial decree , by legislative action , or by a ruling requiring that same-sex marriages from other states be treated as valid , " a nonprofit political group called the National Organization for Marriage said in a statement . "  Among the 30 states with marriage amendments , none have been repealed . " Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire , New York and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples . In February , Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage beginning in June . Opponents there have pledged to block the bill and have also called for a referendum . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley signed into law a bill that permits same-sex couples to wed in that state as of January 1 , 2013 . CNN 's David Ariosto , Political Editor Paul Steinhauser and Belief Blog Co-Editor Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	Polls in North Carolina close at 7:30 p.m. ET Both chambers of N.C. legislature are GOP-controlled for first time in past 140 years Indiana and West Virginia also hold primaries on Tuesday
CNN  -- As special-operations military troops prepared for a firefight about 7,000 miles away , President Barack Obama entered a room in the Washington area early in the afternoon on Sunday to follow along . Like a page plucked from a Hollywood screenplay , Obama and other principal coordinators for the mission that killed Osama bin Laden convened in a "  situation room " to remotely monitor the situation , John Brennan , the U.S. counterterrorism chief , said in a White House news briefing on Monday . Obama arrived after many of the mission 's leaders had assembled there , but the president joined before the attack on bin Laden 's mansion in Abbottabad , Pakistan , began , Brennan said . "  We were able to monitor on a real-time basis the progress of the operation , from its commencement , to its time on target , to the extraction of the remains , " Brennan said . "  We were able to have regular updates to ensure that we had real-time visibility into the progress of the operation . " The mood in the room was anxious because the stakes were so high , Brennan said . "  There were some very tense moments , " he said . "  We were just saying our prayers that everything would go according to plan . " The White House and Central Intelligence Agency did n't have access to a live audio feed , but they were able to tap other communications , a U.S. official told CNN . There was some live video , though the official declined to elaborate on the nature of that footage . The Los Angeles Times reported that the CIA had led the bin Laden attack operation , and officials on the 7th floor of the agency 's Langley , Virginia , headquarters had access to live video of the raid , the report said . Brennan declined to say whether they had access to a video feed or radio communications . A White House spokesman declined to comment . Google , Apple and other Internet companies have mastered the process of streaming live video from events to the world . But that task would get much trickier if the cameramen are also carrying rifles and broadcasting from an untested , faraway locale . After Obama had signed off on the operation , CIA Director Leon Panetta gave the official order around midday Sunday for the operation to commence , the Times reported . "  We have rid the world of the most infamous terrorist of our time , " Panetta said in a statement Monday . "  We gave President Obama and his team accurate , relevant , timely intelligence -- providing the information and insight they needed at key points as this mission developed . " The CIA had been tracking bin Laden and provided intelligence to the White House saying the agency was "  confident " the terrorist leader was inside the Pakistan compound , Brennan said . "  It was probably one of the most anxiety-filled periods of time , I think , in the lives of the people who were assembled here yesterday , " Brennan said . "  The minutes passed like days , and the president was very concerned about the security of our personnel . That was what was on his mind throughout . " Shortly after taking office in 2009 , Obama had directed Panetta "  to make the killing or capture of bin Laden the top priority of our war against al Qaeda , " the president said in his speech Sunday night . "  We give thanks to the countless intelligence and counterterrorism professionals who 've worked tirelessly to achieve this outcome . The American people do not see their work , nor know their names . " However , Obama apparently does get to see their work as it 's being carried out . CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	President Obama is said to have watched live video of the attack on Osama bin Laden The White House 's counterterrorism chief says he monitored the situation with Obama The CIA director reportedly gave the go order for the raid
CNN  -- Federal intelligence officials are looking at whether more could have been done to prevent the Boston Marathon attacks , President Barack Obama said Tuesday , though he added that he 's not aware of any missteps . "  Based on what I can see so far , the FBI performed its duties . The Department of Homeland Security did what it was supposed to be doing , " Obama said . "  But this is hard stuff . " The president called the review by the Director of National Intelligence 's office "  standard procedure , " but it comes amid withering criticism from some lawmakers of how well law enforcement , intelligence analysts and the administration handled a 2011 request by Russian officials to investigate one of the two bombing suspects , Tamerlan Tsarnaev . That year , Russian authorities alerted the United States to concerns that Tsarnaev was becoming increasingly radical . The Russians also raised questions about Tsarnaev 's mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , according to several sources . But the FBI found no evidence of extremist activity and closed the case . The names of both Tsarnaev and his mother were placed in a terror database , however . Still , Tsarnaev was allowed to travel the next year to a restive Russian region rife with Islamist terror groups , and he returned to the United States after six mysterious months abroad . Investigators have said they are looking at possible links between Tsarnaev and those groups during his time in the region . Information sharing In the days following the attacks , Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina led criticism of the administration 's handling of the Russian reports -- questioning whether intelligence and law enforcement agencies properly shared information that could have prevented the April 15 bombings . Three people died in the attack and more than 260 were wounded , 20 of whom remained hospitalized Tuesday . Authorities say Tamerlan Tsarnaev and his younger brother , Dzhokhar , killed a police officer a few days after the attack . Photos : Galleries from the attack and aftermath "  I just find it really unnerving that we could have had him in FBI custody in 2011 and did a whole profile of him , and after the attack that his name did not surface , that we did n't check the database or the database had him missing , " Graham had said of the older Tsarnaev . He continued his criticism Tuesday , after Obama 's remarks , comparing the Boston attack with one last year at the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya , which left four Americans dead . Both attacks , he said , suggesting warning signs were ignored and communication among intelligence and law enforcement agencies was flawed . Obama said the intelligence review into how Tsarnaev 's case was handled , while not prompted by the criticisms , would "  leave no stone unturned . " "  We want to see , is there in fact additional protocols and procedures that could be put in place that would further improve and enhance our ability to detect a potential attack , " he said . At the same time , the president rejected Graham 's criticisms , saying "  it 's not as if the FBI did nothing . " "  They not only investigated the older brother , they interviewed the older brother , " the president said . "  They concluded that there were no signs that he was engaging in extremist activity . " Criminal investigation Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's body , meanwhile , remained Tuesday in the hands of the Massachusetts Medical Examiner 's Office . His widow , Katherine Russell , released a statement Tuesday evening stating that the medical examiner 's office "  is prepared to release " the slain suspect 's remains . If and when they do , it wo n't be to Russell , the mother of his young child . "  It is Katherine Russell 's wish that his remains be released to the Tsarnaev family , and we will communicate her wishes to the proper authorities , " her lawyers said in a statement . Through her attorneys , Russell has denied any knowledge of her husband 's involvement in the bombings . She will meet in the coming days with law enforcement , "  as she has done for many hours over the past week , and provide as much assistance to the investigation as she can , " the lawyers said . The FBI took DNA samples at her Rhode Island home on Monday -- the same day law enforcement sources told CNN that a woman 's DNA had been found on a fragment of one of the pressure cooker bombs used in the bombings . The sources cautioned that this does n't necessarily mean a woman might have conspired with brothers . And an official said that , even if Russell 's DNA matches that from the bomb fragment , it does n't necessarily mean she participated in the bomb 's construction . The DNA could also be from a victim , Lawrence Kobilinsky , a DNA expert at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York , told CNN 's Erin Burnett . As of Tuesday , there was no known match for the DNA found on the bomb fragment . Nor was there a match from at least one fingerprint found in the Boston bomb debris , a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN 's Susan Candiotti . Very preliminary talks While the elder Tsarnaev died April 19 after a firefight with police , his 19-year-old brother Dzhokhar is being held at a federal Bureau of Prisons medical center in Devens , Massachusetts , on a charge of using a weapon of mass destruction . He faces a possible death penalty if convicted . Bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's new cell On Monday , a federal judge appointed prominent defense lawyer Judy Clarke to represent him . Clarke has represented Ted Kaczynski , the Unabomber ; Eric Rudolph , the 1996 Atlanta Olympics bomber , and Jared Lee Loughner , who pleaded guilty in the Tucson , Arizona , shooting that killed six and left then-U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords seriously wounded . Federal prosecutors and the defense team of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev have had some very preliminary talks over the "  past few days " to potentially allow the surviving suspect to resume providing information to investigators , possibly in exchange for eliminating the possibility of a death penalty if he is convicted , two government sources told CNN on Tuesday . The communications are in the very early stages , and not a sign lawyers for either side is ready to make a deal , said one source , who did not want to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the private discussions . The source stressed these are not formal talks -- with a U.S. Justice Department official saying it would not be accurate to refer to the conversations as negotiations . Prosecutors have not said they will definitely seek the death penalty in the case , but it is an option under the federal law the 19-year-old is accused of violating . Attorney General Eric Holder would have the final say . These kinds of conversations are not unusual in such high-profile cases , legal sources say . Russian cooperation , links Over the weekend , news emerged that Russian authorities had intercepted a phone call in early 2011 from one of the Tsarnaev brothers in the United States to their mother in Dagestan . The call included a vague discussion of jihad , an official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . That information did n't make its way to the FBI before the bombings , the official said . Last week , Russian President Vladimir Putin said he had regrets Russian intelligence was n't able to provide more information to U.S. officials before the bombing , and said he hoped the incident would spark greater cooperation between U.S. and Russian counterterrorism officials . Russia has been "  very cooperative with us since the Boston bombing , " Obama said Tuesday . "  Obviously , old habits die hard , " he said . "  There 's still suspicions sometimes between our intelligence and law enforcement agencies that date back in some cases 10 , 20 , 30 years , to the Cold War . " Another possible investigative development tied to Russia relates to possible links between Tamerlan Tsarnaev and a Canadian jihadist killed by Russian troops in 2012 , a source being briefed on the investigation said . William Plotnikov and six others died in a firefight with Russian forces in the southwestern republic of Dagestan in July 2012 -- while Tsarnaev was visiting the region , the source said . The 23-year-old Plotnikov was born in Russia , but his family moved to Canada when he was a teenager . Why did Tamerlan go to Russia ? Tsarnaev flew out of Dagestan two days after Plotnikov 's body was prepared for burial , according to the source . Investigators are looking into the possibility he left because of Plotnikov 's death , the source said . Like Tamerlan Tsarnaev , Plotnikov was once a boxer . Investigators also are looking into whether Tsarnaev had any contact with another militant named Mahmoud Mansur Nidal , who was killed by Russian forces in May 2012 during a gun battle in Dagestan 's capital , the source said . Suspects ' mother describes her last conversation with her sons CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Bill Mears , Susan Candiotti , Ashleigh Banfield , Paula Newton , Drew Griffin , Dave Alsup , Greg Botelho , Carol Cratty , Brian Todd , Ben Brumfield , Josh Levs and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect 's widow wants his remains released to her in-laws President Obama defends FBI probe , calls review of Boston intel "  standard procedure " He defends FBI investigation of bombing suspect , though a GOP senator remains critical Investigators find a fingerprint in bomb debris ; no match yet , official says
CNN  -- Austrian director Michael Haneke took home the prestigious Palme d'Or prize -- his second -- at the Cannes Film Festival for his film "  Amour . " The film , according to the festival 's website , is about a retired couple in their 80s and how their bond is severely tested after the woman , Anne , "  has an attack . " It features actors Jean-Louis Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva . Haneke also won the Palme d'Or at the festival in 2009 for "  The White Ribbon . " That film depicted the cruel punishments meted out at a rural German school before World War I. "  The Palme d'Or is the best prize a filmmaker can win , " said Haneke at a press conference following his 2009 award . "  I am not proud , but I am very happy . In my opinion , it 's silly to be proud . " Another contender for the top prize was "  Moonrise Kingdom , " a film by Wes Anderson that tells the tale of two young lovers who reunite and run away into the wilderness in 1965 after a year apart . The film stars Bruce Willis , Frances McDormand , Tilda Swinton and Ed Norton along with Anderson favorite Bill Murray and Jason Schwartzman . But it 's the two young lovers , portrayed by newcomers Jared Gilman and Kara Hayward , who steal the show . "  My point of view about it was the memory of feeling that way is so strong for me , " Anderson told CNN earlier this week . "  Rather than starting with an idea of a character or characters and a setting , instead I was starting out with a feeling . An emotion . A memory of an emotion that I was hoping to recreate in some way . " Pictures from 65th annual Cannes Film Festival "  Moonrise Kingdom " was one of a handful of American movies in the 22-strong competition section . Others included John Hillcoat 's Prohibition-era move "  Lawless , " with Shia LaBoeuf , Gary Oldman and Guy Pearce ; Andrew Dominick 's thriller "  Killing Them Softly " with Brad Pitt ; Lee Daniels ' "  The Paperboy " with Zac Efron , Matthew McConaughey and Nicole Kidman . Also featured is Jeff Nichols ' "  Mud " with McConaughey and Reese Witherspoon and David Cronenberg 's Don DeLillo adaptation "  Cosmopolis " starting Robert Pattinson of "  Twilight " fame and Juliette Binoche . In addition , Kanye West also premiered a short film/art installation , "  Cruel Summer , " at the festival , which kicked off May 16 . It stars Kid Cudi as a car thief who falls in love with a blind Arabian princess , but West also makes an appearance . And British rock start Pete Doherty , the on-again , off-again lead singer of the Libertines , also made his acting debut in "  Confession of a Child of the Century , " which screened at the festival . Last year 's Palme d'Or prize went to "  The Tree of Life , " a film from American director and writer Terrence Malick .	NEW : The winning film is "  Amour " NEW : It 's the second Palme d'Or for Michael Haneke 22 films were in competition for the top prize The Cannes festival began May 16
Tokyo  CNN  ISIS appears to have beheaded one of its Japanese hostages and is demanding the release of a convicted terrorist in Jordan to spare the other . A video file posted online Saturday by a known ISIS supporter shows an image of one hostage , Kenji Goto , holding a photo of what appears to be the corpse of his fellow captive , Haruna Yukawa . The voice of a person claiming to be Goto speaks over the image , saying in English that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is to blame for Yukawa 's death . "  You were given a deadline , " he says , referring to ISIS ' earlier demand that Japan pay $ 200 million by Friday to save the lives of the two hostages . The voice then announces a new ultimatum : the release of Sajida al-Rishawi , an Iraqi woman facing the death penalty in Jordan for her role in a series of bombings in 2005 that killed dozens of people at hotels in the Arab kingdom . Al-Bayan Radio , an ISIS-affiliated online station , reported the extremist group 's killing of Yukawa and the prisoner swap demand for Goto in its newscast Sunday . It did n't identify Goto by name . Abe condemned the apparent killing of Yukawa and called for Goto to be released immediately . "  Such act of terrorism is outrageous and impermissible , which causes me nothing but strong indignation , " he said . Experts are analyzing the video , which seems "  highly credible , " Abe said , an assessment shared by U.S. authorities , who said they had no reason to doubt its authenticity . But Goto 's stepfather , Yukio Ishido , raised doubts about whether it was his stepson 's voice in the video . "  I get the sense it 's not his voice , " he told reporters . "  I 've heard his English a couple times . I felt it was a bit different . " Abe declined to comment on how his government would respond to the new demand , which does n't appear to have a clear deadline . "  I would be surprised if the Jordanian government or Japan really pushed forward and released this female suicide bomber as ISIS has requested , " said CNN global affairs analyst David Rohde , referring to al-Rishawi , whose explosives failed to go off in the hotel attack in which she participated . After ISIS released the first video of the hostages Tuesday , Japan set up a crisis center in Jordan and said it was trying to communicate with the militant group through third parties , such as governments in the region and tribal leaders . Japanese officials declined to explicitly rule out paying a ransom but said they would n't yield to terrorism . They stressed that an aid package Abe had pledged to countries affected by ISIS , cited by the militant group as the reason for the huge ransom demand , was only for humanitarian purposes . But the Japanese efforts appear to have failed to save Yukawa , 42 , whose father was struggling to come to terms with the news . "  I still do n't want to believe it , " Shoichi Yukawa told Japanese broadcaster NHK , his face not shown in the report . "  If I can see him again , I 'd like to hold him in my arms . " Goto 's mother , Junko Ishido , had made an emotional plea Friday for the release of her son , saying he is n't an enemy of ISIS . "  Kenji always has been a kind person ever since he was little , " she said . "  He was always saying , ' I want to save the lives of children in war zones . ' " Goto , 47 , is an experienced freelance journalist who frequently reported from war zones . He met Yukawa , who had dreams of setting up a private security firm , while they were both in Syria last year , according to friends . After Yukawa was reported to have been captured in August , Goto apparently decided to leave his wife and two young daughters in Japan to go into ISIS territory to try to extricate him . "  I asked my son 's wife why he had made this decision , and the response was that my son felt he had to do everything in his power to help and rescue his friend , " Ishido said . But rather than save Yukawa , Goto ended up becoming another captive in the hands of a brutal militant group that has slaughtered countless Iraqis and Syrians , as well as three Americans and two Britons . U.S. President Barack Obama spoke with Abe by phone Sunday from New Delhi , the White House said . Obama offered "  condolences for the murder " of Yukawa by ISIS and conveyed "  solidarity with the Japanese people , " according to a statement . Obama had condemned the killing in an earlier statement Saturday , saying the United States will work with its ally "  to bring the perpetrators of these murders to justice and will continue to take decisive action to degrade and ultimately defeat " ISIS . British Prime Minister David Cameron said the apparent beheading of Yukawa and ISIS ' threats are "  yet another reminder of the murderous barbarity of these terrorists . " He suggested Japan was right not to bow to the terrorists ' demand for ransom , saying that "  Britain strongly supports the firm stance Prime Minister Abe and his Government have taken . " The United States and Britain both refuse to pay ransoms to terrorists . But other countries , notably France , have reportedly spent tens of millions of dollars on the release of hostages held by Islamic militants in recent years , despite denying it publicly . Japan has also paid kidnappers to free its citizens in the past , according to The New York Times . In 1999 , Tokyo handed over $ 3 million for the release of four mining experts held in Kyrgyzstan , the newspaper reported . Opinion : What hostage crisis means for Japan CNN 's Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Greg Botelho , Yoko Wakatsuki , Will Ripley and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	An ISIS-affiliated radio station reports death of one hostage and prisoner swap demand A video calls for release of an Iraqi woman convicted over terrorist attacks in Jordan "  I 'd like to hold him in my arms , " says father of the hostage apparently killed by ISIS
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea and the United States began assembling ships for joint war exercises Sunday off the west coast of the Korean peninsula in the Yellow Sea , a source at the South Korean Joint Chiefs told CNN . The exercises are set to begin as diplomats worked to ease tensions in the Koreas after North Korea warned of unpredictable "  consequences " if the United States fulfills its vow of deploying an aircraft carrier to the Yellow Sea for joint military maneuvers with South Korea . The exercises are scheduled to begin at 3 p.m. Sunday  1 a.m. ET  . China 's foreign minister spoke with his Russian , U.S. , and Japanese counterparts , and a Chinese representative visited Seoul as envoys underscored the need to lower the temperature in the longtime flash-point region , days after four South Koreans died when North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island . North Korea said the South provoked the Tuesday attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . South Korea was holding its annual Hoguk military drill when the North started its shelling , and the South returned fire . North Korea 's official Korean Central News Agency on Saturday slammed South Korea and the United States for provoking the crisis . It called reports of civilian casualties part of South Korea 's "  propaganda campaign " and accused the "  enemy " of creating "  a human shield by deploying civilians around artillery positions and inside military facilities before the launch of the provocation . " "  If the U.S. brings its carrier to the West Sea of Korea at last , no one can predict the ensuing consequences , " said KCNA , referring to the aircraft carrier USS George Washington , which is set to join South Korea 's forces near the coasts of China and North Korea for the four-day military drill scheduled to start Sunday . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Nicole Thompson called the claims "  outrageous . " "  This is just another example of North Korea 's own internal propaganda . The North Koreans for many years , including the Cheonan warship incident , have taken provocative action . This did n't have anything to do with U.S. actions , " Thompson told CNN , referring to the sinking of a South Korean ship in March that left 46 people on board dead . The United States and South Korea blame the sinking on the North , which has consistently denied responsibility . Diplomats , seeking a lessening of tensions and a return to the six-party talks with North Korea over the country 's nuclear aspirations , busily labored to avert more hostilities . The United States , China , Japan , Russia , South Korea and North Korea are the six countries that have been involved in the talks , which were put on hold in 2008 . "  These parties should call on the DPRK and South Korea to exercise calmness and restraint and hold dialogue and make contacts , and not to take actions that would escalate the conflict , " China 's official Xinhua news agency quoted Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi as saying . China is North Korea 's largest trading partner . Yang and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov "  stressed the need to prevent the situation from exacerbating and to work toward relieving the tensions , " according to the Russian Foreign Ministry . Xinhua reported that Japanese Foreign Minister Seiji Maehara said his country "  is willing to work together with China to joint safeguard peace and stability on the Korean peninsula . " And a Twitter message from U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke with Yang on Friday and "  encouraged Beijing to make clear that North Korea 's behavior is unacceptable . " Meanwhile , Dai Bingguo , a Chinese state councilor , sat down with South Korean Foreign Minister Kim Sung-hwan in Seoul to discuss the tensions . The violence has sparked anger and political turmoil in South Korea . The country 's defense minister , Kim Tae-young resigned after the exchange of fire , and veterans of the South Korean military protested Saturday on the streets of Seoul , stating they were angry that their country 's government had not done enough to respond to the North 's shelling . One group of protesters gathered near the defense ministry building Saturday , clashing with police officers with some charging and kicking officers . Two South Korean marines were among the four killed in the shelling . Hundreds of mourners attended their nationally televised funeral Saturday , weeping before photos of the two men set among an array of flowers . As for Sunday 's joint military exercises , China appeared to criticize them Friday and Chinese analysts warned against the United States and South Korea embarking on "  sensitive and provocative military actions . " "  We oppose any party to take any military acts in our exclusive economic zone without permission , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said in a statement , Xinhua reported . But the United States has described the drill as defensive in nature . The exercises were planned months ago , and are meant to underscore strong ties between South Korea and the United States , defense officials from both countries have said . There will be no live firing element in the drills ; live firing exercises can only take place in a designated training range or in a closed-off area at sea , Cmdr. Jeff Davis , public affairs officer for the U.S. 7th Fleet , and such firing exercises are not possible given the amount of traffic in the area . The drills will include anti-air attack and anti-surface-attack exercises , communications and data drills , expert exchanges , logistical support , and replenishment drills . For example , a Korean oil tanker will refuel a U.S. ship , Davis said . But the prospect of more violence has prompted alarm across the region . Japan 's Kyodo news agency reported that Japanese "  Cabinet members have been ordered to stay in Tokyo until Wednesday and be at their ministry offices within an hour in the event emergency situations develop . " South Korea said Thursday that it will strengthen its rules of engagement in the Yellow Sea . South Korean marine forces based in five islands near North Korea and the disputed Northern Limit Line also will be reinforced , a government spokesman said . The tense maritime border between the two Koreas has become the major military flash point on the Korean peninsula in recent years . The Yeonpyeong attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting , though both Koreas are still technically at war . Journalist Andrew Salmon and CNN 's Stan Grant and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	NEW : South Korea , U.S. begin assembling ships for war exercises China , other nations urge an avoidance of hostilities A Chinese official visits Seoul to discuss rising tensions The U.S. calls North Korean claims "  outrageous "
Sandra Avila Beltran , known as the "  Queen of the Pacific " for alleged drug dealings , was deported Tuesday from the United States to Mexico , where she will face money-laundering charges , the third set of criminal accusations against her . Avila landed in Mexico City on a chartered plane from El Paso , Texas , along with other deportees , the Mexican attorney general 's office said . She was being held in a hangar belonging to the attorney general 's office , where she will be served with an arrest warrant , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . She will undergo a medical exam before being transported to the state of Jalisco , where she faces charges of money laundering , according to Notimex . Avila 's name stands out on the list of accused leaders of Mexico 's male-dominated drug trade . The 52-year-old 's life is the subject of a best-selling book and a popular ballad . She was dubbed Queen of the Pacific because the smuggling routes she is alleged to have controlled brought drugs from Colombia to Mexico along the Pacific Coast . Avila 's lawyer , Stephen Ralls , told CNNMexico last week that Avila is "  optimistic " about facing what will be her third judicial process , after being exonerated in her first trial in Mexico and having reach a plea deal in her second case in the United States . Mexico arrests alleged leader of Gulf Cartel A federal court in Miami in July sentenced Avila to 70 months in prison for helping a Colombian drug lord , but under the plea deal the judge ruled that her time served in Mexico and in the United States was enough to complete her sentence . The judge ordered her deportation . Avila was first arrested in Mexico City on September 28 , 2007 , smiling before cameras as authorities trumpeted her detention . Mexico 's case against her drew widespread attention as it made its way through the nation 's courts . After her acquittal , authorities extradited her last year to the United States , where she was accused of conspiring to smuggle cocaine along with Juan Diego Espinosa Ramirez , a Colombian national who was also known as "  The Tiger . " Avila denied the charges . And despite the high-profile accusations against her , authorities have not convicted Avila of any direct drug-trafficking crimes . The U.S. conviction was for being an accessory after the fact .	Sandra Avila Beltran had pleaded guilty in a drug case in the United States The judge sentenced her to time served ; she is now back in Mexican custody She faces charges of money laundering in Mexico
Lonely Planet  -- What 's the first thing you think of when you think of Hawaii ? The foaming-white sea lapping at a golden-sand beach surrounded by palm trees swaying in the breeze ? Well , sure -- Hawaii 's one of the world 's ultimate beach destinations , an island paradise made for basking in the sun sipping daiquiris or hitting the waves to surf some righteous tubes . But what to do if you 're one of those people who just ca n't stand beaches ?  Scorching sunburn , salt in your hair and sand everywhere !  If you 're a beach hater , do n't dismiss Hawaii just yet : there 's plenty to do on the Hawaiian islands where you 'll never have to step foot on sand . Here are some of our suggestions . HAWAI'I  the Big Island Mauna Kea This dormant volcano 's peak is 4205 m  13,796 ft  above sea level -- the highest mountain in the state of Hawaii .  If you measure from its base underneath the Pacific , though , it 's 10,000 m  33,000 ft  tall -- making it the tallest mountain on Earth . With such a clear vantage point , it 's no wonder that its snowy summit is dotted with the greatest collection of astronomical telescopes in the world . The Onizuka Center here offers astronomy displays and nightly stargazing programs to the public . Experienced mountaineers can even hike 12 miles to the summit through an otherworldly landscape of volcanic cinder cones and ancient archaeological sites . Hawai'i Volcanoes National Park If you 'd prefer to see some live volcano action , head southeast to this unique national park , where Kilauea , the world 's most active volcano , has been erupting continuously since 1983 . Outside the park boundaries , depending on conditions the day you visit , you may even be able to see fresh molten lava flowing into the sea  which is slowly but surely making the Big Island even bigger , year after year  . But even if the volcano goddess Pele is n't cooperating , there are still plenty of intriguing sights within the park 's confines : hollowed-out lava tubes , steaming craters , tropical rainforest and old lava trails . Rangers offer guided walks and other activities at the visitor center . For information on volcanic activity , the National Park Service has helpful updates  plus lava cam  . MAUI Upcountry Maui and Haleakala National Park The volcanic soil and sloped pastures of Mt Haleakala have sustained much of Maui 's farming and livestock for the past two centuries , and the paniolo  cowboy  vibe is still strong in towns like rustic Makawao . A drive through the plush pastures of the Kula region will take you past cattle ranches , vineyards with cellar-door sales , goat dairies and a huge lavender farm  with a cafe and gift shop offering lavender versions of just about any foodstuff or cosmetic product you can imagine -- and even those you ca n't  . If you keep driving you can follow a tortuously winding road up the flank of Mt Haleakala itself , up 3055 m  10,023 ft  to the summit , where you can explore the surreal , lunar-like landscape -- home to unique flora such as the ten-year-blooming Haleakala silversword , which grows nowhere else on Earth -- and stare down at clouds filling enormous volcanic craters below you . If you can get up early  or stay up late  enough , book a tour to catch the sublime sight of sunrise from the peak ; you can also have a van take you and a bicycle up to the top so you can ride -- er , roll all the way down . Lahaina This colorful town was once the whaling capital of the Pacific , where ships would dock for supplies , sailors and shore leave . Today the dance halls , saloons and brothels that kept the whalers busy have been replaced by the best restaurants on Maui , art galleries that host free "  art nights " every Friday , bars with live music from Irish trad to jazz and , of course , souvenir shops  c'mon , it is Hawaii  . Meanwhile , Lahaina 's seafaring past is kept alive by the numerous whale-watching cruises that depart from its harbor . O'AHU Diamond Head This extinct volcanic tuff cone stands guard over Waikiki , and is O'ahu 's signature backdrop . You can hike to the top in about an hour or less -- a paved trail leads 1.3 km  0.8 miles  all the way to the summit , which at 232 m  760 ft  affords some pretty awesome views of Waikiki .  OK , you 'll still have to see a beach , but you wo n't have to step on it . Happy ? USS Arizona Memorial The tragic events of December 7,1941 are memorialized at Pearl Harbor , just a short drive from downtown Honolulu . The USS Arizona lies where it sank , the resting place of over a thousand of the U.S. sailors who died in the Japanese attack . In 1962 the memorial was opened , with a structure built over the ship that allows you to view its remains poking out of the shallow water below ; a marble wall inside is engraved with the names of the honored dead . A visit to Pearl Harbor will leave you with a palpable sense of the history that was made there . KAUA'I Waimea Canyon This gigantic chasm at the heart of Kaua'i is one of the island 's greatest natural wonders , and its red-and-black-striated lava-rock walls contrasted with the lush green forests that blanket its top is a true sight to behold . Its name comes from the Waimea River , which runs through the bottom ; the canyon was formed by a combination of erosion and the partial collapse of one of the island 's shield volcanoes . Waimea Canyon State Park has lookout points over Kaua'i 's stunning Na Pali cliffs , as well as numerous hiking trails through and around the canyon , a wilderness lover 's delight . Helicopter ride over Kaua'i Way more thrilling than a day at the beach is a helicopter ride over the interior of Kaua'i , most of which is too densely forested and mountainous for wheeled vehicles . Numerous helicopter companies  most based in Lihu'e  offer up-in-the-air jaunts over waterfall-striped Mt Wai'ale ` ale , the island 's central shield volcano and one of the wettest spots on Earth , and the sheer-hewn sea cliffs of the Na Pali coast , accessible otherwise only by ocean kayak . MOLOKAI Kalaupapa National Historical Park Hansen 's disease  leprosy  was introduced to Hawaii by foreigners in 1835 , and soon spread through the islands . King Kamehameha V , in an attempt to stop the epidemic , created a law banishing all those afflicted to this remote peninsula jutting out from beneath the towering sea cliffs  the world 's highest  of Molokai 's north coast , which became the final home for the unhappy exiles . Around 40 years later , a compassionate Belgian missionary named Father Damien came to visit , and remained with the colony for 16 years , when he died after contracting the disease himself  Father Damien was officially canonized by the Catholic Church in 2009  . The enforced isolation law was finally revoked in 1969 ; today , only a handful of patients , all senior citizens , remain . You can visit the peninsula to see the village and Father Damien 's church and gravesite only by pre-arranged tour -- either flying down to the peninsula  which takes about eight minutes  or riding a mule down a steep , 2-mile  3.2 km  route zigzagging across the cliffs . © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Dormant volcano Mauna Kea on the Big Island is the highest mountain in the state Drive up the flank of Maui 's Mt Haleakala to explore the surreal , lunar-like landscape Numerous helicopter companies offer up-in-the-air jaunts over Kaua'i
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It has taken nearly two decades and $ 8.6 billion , but London Heathrow 's Terminal Five finally opened for business Thursday morning . A general view of the new Terminal 5 at Heathrow Airport prior to its official opening on Thursday . When British Airways Flight 26 touched down from Hong Kong at 4:42 a.m.  12:42 a.m. ET  , passengers made their way to the 400-meter-long terminal , the largest freestanding building in Britain . With 60 aircraft stands actually attached to two new buildings , "  T5 " can handle dozens of planes at the same time -- including the new Airbus A380 superjumbo -- and can process 12,000 bags an hour . All of this is for just one occupant : British Airways . It 's a new era for BA and the 30 million passengers who will pass through T5 each year . Both have suffered for years at the four older terminals of what 's been derided as "  Hassle Heathrow . " "  I 've been very critical of the airport , " BA Chief Executive Willie Walsh told CNN . "  It 's  because of the problems we have faced as a result of poor infrastructure at the airport . "  So we now have the infrastructure . We have a state of the art baggage system ; we 've got a state of the art terminal building . We 've got lounges like you have never seen before and it will be down to us and it will be down to the people at British Airways to make it a success . " Part of this strategy is to get passengers to the airport earlier to avoid delays . Travelers will be encouraged to check in online , and there will only be 54 of the classic check-in desks compared to 96 self-check-in kiosks . No passengers will be allowed through if they arrive less than 35 minutes before their flight . For those having to wait in the terminal , airport operator BAA built T5 with 112 shops and restaurants , including British chef Gordon Ramsey 's first airport eatery . Critics say T5 is just a massive shopping mall , but the architect says it 's a throwback to old-fashioned travel . "  We wanted to make the experience of being in an airport exciting . We wanted to capture the spirit of travel , " architect Richard Rogers told CNN . "  The greatest stations , whether it is New York or London , the 19th century stations did exactly that . " BA rival Virgin Atlantic calls it a gift for BA . Airport expansion protesters say it 's just the latest step in a fierce battle to enlarge the world 's busiest international airport . Heathrow sits to the west of London in a densely populated area . There are already plans for a sixth terminal and a third runway . Supporters say expansion is vital for London 's economy , but environmentalists say expanding London 's three main airports -- Heathrow , Gatwick , and Stansted -- will only add to harmful climate change . More expansion may be years away , but T5 will affect most travelers using Heathrow . Many of the other airlines will be shuffled around the other four terminals over the coming months , and next year Terminal Four is expected to undergo major renovation . "  Hassle Heathrow " may not be an outdated criticism just yet . E-mail to a friend	Heathrow Airport 's $ 8.6 billion new Terminal 5 finally opens to public The new building took more than 15 years to complete following protests Building will carry all British Airways traffic
CNN  -- Baseball-size hail pelted parts of Nebraska Tuesday as severe thunderstorms swept through the region . In Omaha , cars jammed streets with residents rushing home as a storm moved in , darkening afternoon skies over the city with ominous clouds , CNN affiliate KETV reported . Forecasters warned that winds of more than 80 mph could tear through parts of the Midwest and heavy rains could cause flash floods . In Nebraska , residents shared photos on social media showing large hail -- and damage the hail left behind . An Omaha police sergeant posted a picture of what he said was an officer 's dented car , its windshield shattered . A wind gust of 100 mph was reported in Ringgold County , Iowa . By 10 p.m. ET , there had been 11 reports of possible tornadoes in Nebraska , Iowa , Wyoming and Kansas , the Storm Prediction Center said . At one point , a storm churning through Nebraska was more than 10 miles tall , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . And it 's not over yet . Storms were just gearing up Tuesday evening , Myers said , advising residents to stay indoors . Even if tornadoes do n't develop , he said , damage from a derecho can be widespread and severe . "  If you 're in Nebraska , Iowa , or Missouri , this is going to be a very long night , " Myers said . Sustained heavy rainfall could bring widespread flooding , Myers said . KETV showed rescuers working to reach residents stranded by floodwaters in an Omaha neighborhood . Police shared photos on social media of flooded and damaged roads . In nearby Missouri Valley , Iowa , the storm ripped the roof off a hotel , the CNN affiliate reported . Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad issued a storm disaster proclamation Tuesday night for Pottawattamie County , where the storms hit while voters were heading to the polls for primary elections . CNN 's Dave Hennen , Dave Alsup and Todd Borek contributed to this report .	NEW : 11 possible tornadoes are reported across several states NEW : Iowa 's governor declares a disaster in one county NEW : Forecasters warn that heavy rains could cause flash floods Baseball-size hail pelts parts of Nebraska as a storm moves in
CNN  -- A North Korean rocket slated for launch sometime early next month can be clearly seen in a satellite photograph taken Sunday . Patriot Advanced Capability-3 interceptors are located at the Ministry of Defense on March 29 in Tokyo , Japan . The satellite imagery , obtained by the Institute for Science and International Security from DigitalGlobe , shows the rocket at the Musudan-ri launch site in northeastern North Korea , casting a shadow on the ground below . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Sunday there is little doubt that the planned launch is designed to bolster that country 's military capability . He also indicated that the U.S. military could be prepared to shoot down a North Korean missile if the rogue regime develops the capability to reach Hawaii or the western continental United States in a future launch . The North Korean government says it will launch a commercial satellite atop a rocket sometime between April 4 and April 8 . "  I do n't know anyone at a senior level in the American government who does not believe this technology is intended as a mask for the development of an intercontinental ballistic missile , " Gates said during an appearance on "  Fox News Sunday . " Gates noted that while the United States believes it is North Korea 's "  long-term intent " to add a nuclear warhead to any such missile , he "  personally would be skeptical that they have the ability right now to do that . " Watch how the U.S. is responding to a planned launch " Japan recently mobilized its missile defense system -- an unprecedented step -- in response to the planned North Korean launch , Japanese officials said . The move , noteworthy for a country with a pacifist constitution , is aimed at shooting down any debris from the launch that might fall into Japanese territory . See a satellite image of the launch site " In a concurrent response , U.S. Navy ships capable of shooting down ballistic missiles are being moved to the Sea of Japan , a Navy spokesman said Thursday . Gates said that the U.S. military could shoot down "  an aberrant missile , one that was headed for Hawaii ... or something like that , we might consider it , but I do n't think we have any plans to  do  anything like that at this point . " He does not believe North Korea currently has the technology to reach Alaska or Pacific coast . Gates said that an impending missile launch is a clear demonstration of the failure of the recent six-party talks to disarm the North Korean regime . "  It 's very troubling . The reality is that the six-party talks really have not made any headway any time recently , " he said . "  If  the missile launch  is Kim Jong-Il 's welcoming present to a new president ... it says a lot about the imperviousness of this regime in North Korea to any kind of diplomatic overtures . " Gates said that he believes economic sanctions are the best tool to getting countries like North Korea and Iran to the negotiating table . Both countries are believed by the United States and other Western nations to be trying to acquire nuclear capability .	North Korea says it will launch a commercial satellite atop a rocket between April 4-8 Satellite imagery shows rocket at launch site in northeastern North Korea U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates says rocket aims to boost military capability
"  The Avengers " have conquered America -- for one weekend , at least . The superhero smorgasbord featuring Captain America , Iron Man , Thor and The Hulk brought in $ 200.3 million its opening weekend in 4,300 U.S. theaters , smashing the previous domestic record for any movie 's first three days , Walt Disney Studios said Sunday in a news release . While "  The Avengers " was predicted to be a hit , the performance outpaced expectations . Box Office Mojo , for instance , had projected the film would pull in $ 172.5 million on its opening weekend . Its ultimate domestic haul is well ahead of the $ 168 million "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Part 2 " conjured up in its opening weekend domestically in July . The stateside fun for Disney and the comic book-inspired cast began on Friday when the movie took in $ 80.5 million , a figure that the studio described as the second-highest one-day domestic total . Saturday 's receipts added up to $ 69.7 million , which Disney said was a record for that weekend day . Add international ticket sales since opening April 25 -- including openings in Russia , Mexico , Brazil , Argentina , Ecuador , Peru , Bolivia , Malaysia , New Zealand and the Philippines -- and " The Avengers " has already amassed $ 641.8 million in its first 12 days . Its success is another boon for the movie industry , which racked up about $ 2.3 billion at the U.S. box office for the first three months of 2012 -- up almost 46 % from a year earlier , according to Box Office Mojo . Still , in some ways Hollywood had nowhere to go but up after posting its worst year for ticket sales in 2011 in 16 years . "  It 's already started out to be a strong year , " James Gross , analyst with Buckingham Research , said of 2012 . Before "  The Avengers " burst on the scene , "  The Hunger Games " from Lionsgate had been this year 's box-office champ , taking in an estimated $ 155 million domestically in its first weekend . Other might-be blockbusters on the horizon include "  Men in Black III " hitting theaters Memorial Day weekend , and "  Brave , " the latest animated feature from Pixar due in June . And two other comic-inspired vehicles , "  The Amazing Spider-Man " and "  The Dark Knight Rises , " are also on the summer movie calendar . The success of "  The Avengers " comes on the heels of Disney 's epic flop "  John Carter , " which lost an estimated $ 200 million and cost the head of the company 's studio unit his job . "  This is happening at the right time for them to erase that ugly memory , " said Box Office Mojo analyst Reagen Sulewski . Disney gained the rights to the characters from "  The Avengers " with its $ 4 billion purchase of comic book publisher Marvel three years ago .	"  The Avengers " earns $ 200.3 million in the U.S. its first weekend , Disney says That beats the $ 168 million opening weekend record of the last "  Harry Potter " film Having opened internationally April 25 , "  The Avengers " has taken in $ 642 million worldwide
CNN  Mexican radio station MVS fired prominent journalist Carmen Aristegui on Sunday , after more than six years of collaboration , according to a statement published on its website . Aristegui also hosts a nightly television talk show on CNN en Espanol . The termination of Aristegui 's employment at MVS comes after the radio station fired her colleagues Daniel Lizarraga and Irving Huerta . The same team of journalists who exposed possible conflict-of-interest real-estate deals involving Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and his wife , unleashing a scandal that the government has yet to put to rest . Aristegui told journalists Monday that her entire team was fired . "  Our lawyers say that we are going to fight this . Our lawyers say that this is an outrage against freedom of expression . " "  This team of journalists is ready to fight for their freedom of expression , " she said . On Thursday , MVS radio stated that it had fired Daniel Lizarraga and Irving Huerta for "  compromising resources and brands of the company without authorization . " Daniel Lizarraga was featured in the introduction video of MexicoLeaks , which launched last week . The online platform encourages citizens to anonymously send documents of public interest . MexicoLeaks is formed by a group of organizations including Mexican media outlets and societal groups , to "  serve as a tool to send information of public interest ... through secure technology which will guarantee the anonymity of the source , " according to its website . The objective is to "  build justice and democracy in society . " The information received through MexicoLeaks will be verified , analyzed and published by the collaborating organizations . Aristegui 's team of journalists is listed on the website as one of the participating groups . MexicoLeaks tweeted over the weekend , "  Freedom of expression is a right . We are looking for information that proves crimes , human rights violations , corruption . " The launch of MexicoLeaks comes months after massive protests against Mexican authorities regarding the disappearance of 43 students in southern Mexico last September . Authorities later arrested Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca , calling him the "  probable mastermind " in the mass abduction .	MVS fired prominent journalist Carmen Aristegui on Sunday Aristegui also hosts a nightly television talk show on CNN en Espanol Others on Aristegui team also fired Team exposed possible conflict-of-interest real-estate deals involving Mexican President
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The pilot of a tugboat towing a barge that crashed into a sightseeing "  duck boat " -- killing two tourists -- intends to plead guilty to a charge stemming from the July 2010 accident , federal prosecutors said Thursday Matthew R. Devlin , 35 , of Catskill , New York , has agreed to plead guilty to one count of misconduct of a ship operator causing death , according to a statement from the office of the U.S. attorney for eastern Pennsylvania . He also will surrender his ship ¹ s mate license , the statement said . Devlin could be sentenced to up to 46 months in prison , the statement said . No sentencing date was given . The plea agreement closes the case , the statement said . Two tourists from Hungary -- one 16 years old , the other 20 -- died when a 250-foot sludge barge towed by the tugboat overran a disabled 33-foot "  Ride the Ducks " tour boat on the Delaware River , plunging the amphibious vessel and its 35 passengers and two crew members underwater . According to National Transportation Safety Board findings , tugboat pilot Devlin made and received 21 cell phone calls in addition to surfing the web using a company laptop during his more than two hours at the wheel . The NTSB released its final report on June 21 . The incident was "  another tragic example of the deadliness of distraction , " Deborah Hersman , chairwoman of the NTSB , said after the final report showed several people involved were on the cell phones or computers . After the accident , Devlin initially told his superiors and the Coast Guard that he was dealing with a serious family medical emergency involving his 6-year-old son . The sightseeing duck boat was anchored in the shipping channel after being shut down because the boat 's operator saw smoke and feared an on-board fire . Lawyers who represented the families of the two victims released a statement Thursday saying the families "  are gratified that Federal prosecutors have acted to hold one of the responsible parties accountable in this tragedy that should have been avoided . " The statement from attorneys Robert J. Mongeluzzi , Andrew Duffy , Peter Ronai and Holly Ostrov Ronai added that the families "  expect the corporations who were involved to acknowledge their roles and act accordingly . " The statement did not elaborate .	Two tourists from Hungary died in the July 2010 accident The pilot of a tugboat involved has agreed to plead guilty to a charge , prosecutors say A barge being towed by the tugboat hit a sightseeing "  duck boat " The NTSB cited the pilot 's use of his cell phone and computer as "  the deadliness of distraction "
CNN  -- Whether they 're raising their adopted baby girl , dodging homophobic quips from their fraternity brothers or teaching the "  Single Ladies " dance to the football team after glee club , it seems gay characters are becoming a vital part of prime time TV . With characters like "  Modern Family 's " Mitchell and Cameron , Calvin from "  Greek " and Kurt from "  Glee , " the number of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  LGBT  characters on scripted programs has just about doubled since 2005 , according to the Gay and Lesbian Alliance against Defamation . And characters will continue to identify as LGBT as time goes on , such as "  Ugly Betty 's " Justin , who recently had his first same-sex kiss . But Jarrett Barrios , president of GLAAD said , "  We still have a long way to go before we 're fully represented -LSB- on -RSB- TV . " In addition to the increasing number LGBT characters on scripted shows , which currently represents a little more than 3 percent of all leading and supporting characters on broadcast networks , there are also more openly gay actors and producers working in Hollywood , says Barrios . Actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson plays the character Mitchell on the ABC prime time show "  Modern Family . " Like his on-screen role , Ferguson himself is openly gay . "  The opportunity to play not only a well developed gay character , but a dad , a son and brother was really appealing to me . ... I chose to play him very close to myself and I think that truthfulness was appealing to the creators , " Ferguson told CNN . However , Ferguson says his sexual orientation does not make him any more qualified to tackle a gay role than Eric Stonestreet , his straight co-star who plays Mitchell 's partner Cameron . "  As a gay man and as someone who is an advocate for equality , truthfulness and fairness , I want to see more gay roles go to gay actors , " Ferguson said in an e-mail . "  But then on the flip side , as an actor , I want to still be given the opportunity to play roles that are straight . " In a recent interview on The Joy Behar Show , Stonestreet said he 's excited he has been given the opportunity to portray one half of a committed gay couple raising a child -- a first , he said , for broadcast TV . "  Our goal is to make people laugh , but while we 're making people laugh , if we can open a couple minds here and there , that 's also an added benefit , " he said . And while shows like "  Modern Family " are working to open peoples ' minds about same-sex parents , the "  L " and the "  T , " of LGBT , are still waiting for their TV time , said Hollywood casting director Tammara Billik . It 's very common for female characters to be portrayed as bisexuals instead of lesbians , she said . "  I would n't say it 's because of a discomfort with lesbianism , it 's just an interest in bisexuality , " Billik said . " -LSB- People -RSB- think it 's hot , and it gives characters a wide variety of storylines . " And as far as the "  T , " she said , "  transgender people are not represented in our daily lives with the same frequency that gay and lesbian people are . It 's harder to find an audience that will embrace a transgender character . " Sean Smith , the executive producer of ABC Family 's "  Greek , " said he has loaned some of his own experiences as an openly gay man to the show . And when casting , an actor 's sexual orientation does not come into play . "  When you 're in casting , it 's not appropriate or legal to say , ` Hey , are you gay ? ' Whether they 're gay , straight , from the South , British or from Mars , it does n't matter . The best person who captures that character gets the job . " And for Smith , straight actor Paul James was the best person for the role of Calvin Owens , a gay member of Omega Chi , a fictional fraternity on "  Greek . " James said he does n't think twice about the intimacy between him and the three actors he 's made out with on the series . His girlfriend does n't either . It 's just acting , he says . But with the exception of Neil Patrick Harris , who came out in 2006 , playing a straight character on "  How I Met Your Mother , " straight actors are more often tapped for gay roles , rather than the other way around . Or so it seems . "  Many gay actors , who are not out in Hollywood , are afraid  coming out  will compromise their ability to get roles , " Barrios said . "  But -LSB- LGBT -RSB- actors need to feel as if they can be who they are and still make it in Hollywood or homophobia wins . " Both Ferguson and Smith identified themselves as gay before beginning careers in Hollywood , but Smith said he understands why some people are apprehensive about coming out once they 're in the spotlight . "  People want to succeed and avoid any potential pitfalls , and coming out is definitely one that can draw attention to you that might make other people in this town fearful of hiring you , " said Smith . "  For me , I 've never really questioned it . I 've worked with great guys . For them it was n't an issue , but I 'm aware of other parts of this industry . " People want to watch characters they can relate to , said Smith , who was very excited to welcome "  Modern Family " into his living room . "  Jesse and I ... get so many compliments from gay couples and lesbian couples that want to introduce us to their kids and thank us for representing them on TV for the first time , " Stonestreet told Behar . But still , "  Modern Family " is n't hitting viewers over the head with Cameron and Mitchell 's physical intimacy . "  We 're the perfect show to just build it in naturally , not draw a bunch of attention to it , " Stonestreet said . For Ferguson , it 's a non-issue . "  I want the viewers to know Mitchell and Cameron 's sex and love life is just fine , " Ferguson wrote . "  They also have regular bowel movements , but that is something you do n't see either . "	The number of LGBT characters on scripted programs has doubled since 2005 LGBT characters represent more than 3 percent of characters on broadcast networks It does n't matter if an LGBT actor plays an LGBT role , said GLAAD 's Jarrett Barrios
CNN  -- Somebody really , really wants to get an audience with Apple CEO Tim Cook . An anonymous bidder paid $ 610,000 to chat over coffee with Apple 's chief executive , according to online-auction site Charity Buzz , which began accepting bids about three weeks ago . Tuesday 's winning bid came only several minutes before the auction closed at 4 pm ET . The auction site had valued the meeting with Cook at $ 50,000 . Proceeds from the auction will go to The RFK Center for Justice and Human Rights , an international nonprofit founded as a memorial to Robert F. Kennedy by his family and friends . The auction saw 86 bids , many of them from companies that do business  or want to do business  with Apple . The coffee chat will happen at Apple 's Cupertino , California , headquarters . The winner may bring along one guest . Travel and lodging for the visit , which will last between 30 minutes and an hour , are not covered . Visitors will be required to sign a nondisclosure agreement and are subject to a security screening . Also , they ca n't liveblog or tweet during their meeting . The move fits in with the more open public persona Cook has adopted since replacing late Apple CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs . In the past 18 months Cook has met with members of Congress on Capitol Hill and toured factories in China that make Apple products . By some measures , a $ 600,000 coffee meeting with the chief of the world 's leading tech company might be a bargain . An anonymous bidder paid $ 3.4 million last year for lunch with star investor Warren Buffett .	Charity-auction bidding has closed on a coffee chat with Apple CEO Tim Cook Winning bidder paid $ 610,000 for up to an hour with the Apple chief The coffee chat will happen at Apple 's Cupertino , California , headquarters The visit will benefit The RFK Center for Justice and Human Rights
WIRED  -- The Verizon iPhone and AT&T iPhone have gone head-to-head in thousands of broadband tests , and the numbers tell the story you 'd expect : AT&T 's network is much faster . Ookla , creators of the Speedtest.net broadband test , compiled data from tests run by iPhone customers using the Speedtest.net app on both AT&T and Verizon . On average , the reported AT&T iPhone transfer rates were roughly two times faster than the Verizon iPhone 's . The AT&T iPhone 's average download speed was 1,769 Kbps , and the average upload speed was 730 Kbps . By way of comparison , the Verizon iPhone 's average download speed was 848 Kbps , and the average upload speed was 506 Kbps . The results come from 43,000 AT&T iPhones and 14,000 Verizon iPhones all over the United States . Most Speedtest.net app users ran the tests multiple times , totaling 106,000 results from AT&T iPhone users and 49,000 results from Verizon iPhone users . The Speedtest.net results did not provide data on coverage reliability or dropped connections . From my benchmarking of the Verizon iPhone versus the AT&T iPhone , I also found that the AT&T iPhone 's 3G transfer rates were much faster than Verizon 's . However , the AT&T iPhone sometimes could not complete tests because it did not have a connection , whereas the Verizon iPhone successfully completed every test . In short , I found the Verizon iPhone to be slower with network transfers but more reliable with coverage . Reviewers at other publications had the same results . "  I think that 's the story I expected to see , " said Doug Suttles , co-founder of Ookla . "  Verizon has never talked up their speed , but they always talk up coverage and reliability ... . I think the story is quality versus throughput : What are you after ? " Speedtest.net 's nationwide results back my verdict : You should get a Verizon iPhone if you really care about voice quality and calls , but the AT&T iPhone is better as a media-consumption device  Netflix movies , photo downloads and uploads , etc.  because of its faster speeds . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Verizon iPhone and AT&T iPhone go head-to-head in broadband tests You should get a Verizon iPhone if you really care about voice quality and calls AT&T iPhone is better as a media-consumption device
CNN  -- The gunmen came in during noon prayers at the small Sunni mosque in the Diyala province , waving AK-47 machine guns . Then they opened fire , the sound of the gunfire carried over the mosque 's loudspeakers that seconds earlier had been broadcasting prayers . When the bullets stopped flying at the Musab bin Omar Mosque in the village of Bani Weis , about 75 kilometers  46 miles  northeast of Baquba , 34 people were dead and a more than a dozen were wounded . Now , a report released Sunday by Human Rights Watch , citing witnesses and survivors of the August 22 attack , points the finger at Shiite militias and Iraqi security forces . Victims of the massacre "  by Iraqi pro-government militias and security forces recognized the attackers and knew them by name , " the report said . Some wore Iraqi police uniforms , according to the report . The rights group called on the government to make public details of its findings into the attack , which HRW said was consistent with a pattern of killings being carried out in Iraq by Shiite militias , including al Haq , the Badr Brigades and Kataib Hezbollah . "  Pro-government militias are becoming emboldened and their crimes more shocking , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at HRW . "  Iraqi authorities and Iraq 's allies alike have ignored this horrific attack and then they wonder why the militant group Islamic State has had such appeal among Sunni communities . " HRW called on the United States and its allies to stop providing Iraq "  with military support and assistance until the government ensures that such widespread war crimes and crimes against humanity have ended , " the rights group said . Complicated strategic situation It 's unlikely that will occur as the United States and a host of allies have been providing military support to Iraq in its effort to take back wide swaths of land seized by ISIS , the militant group that refers to itself as the Islamic State . The attack made international headlines after Sunni lawmakers in Iraq withdrew from negotiations to form a new government , saying they would not return until those behind the attack were arrested . Initial reports said 65 people were killed . The figure was later revised to 34 . But the U.S. State Department called on the lawmakers to return to negotiations , saying they needed to take steps to unify the country , not divide it further . Iraq 's government formed an investigative committee , but according to HRW , the findings have not been made public nor have they been shared with the survivors or the victims ' families . According to the report , a spokesman for the Ministry of Interior told HRW that it had formed a commission to investigate the attack , and the commission had determined three suspects carried out the killings . Authorities told HRW the attack on the mosque appeared to be retaliation for a roadside bomb explosion earlier in the day that targeted volunteer Shiite fighters on their way into Bani Weis . Ministry officials did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . ` Do n't move . No one leave ' The accounts offered by survivors and witnesses to HRW paint a terrifying picture of what unfolded inside the mosque on August 22 . "  Do n't move . No one leave , " a gunman wearing a dark green T-shirt and a headband typically worn by militiamen affiliated with Asaib al-Haq , the survivor said . "  He aimed his first shot at the sheikh , and then he continued shooting the rest of us . When I heard the first gunshot , I dropped to the ground , " the survivor said . The survivor , who was not identified by HRW over safety concerns , was one of the lucky ones . The attack , according to witnesses , was carried out in two stages , with gunmen opening fire inside the mosque and then shooting would-be rescuers outside . "  The witnesses said there was an army checkpoint about 200 meters  656 feet  from the mosque and a police checkpoint about 150 meters from the mosque , but that no security forces responded to the attack even though the shooting was broadcast over the mosque loudspeaker , " the report said . Witnesses testified the shooting carried over the loudspeaker could be heard at a distance of at least 600 meters  1,969 feet  , it said . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Human Rights Watch report finds Shiite militia behind the massacre at a mosque The report also said Iraqi security forces , believed to be police , were involved Witnesses and survivors said they recognized the gunmen 34 people were killed and more than a dozen wounded in the mosque attack
CNN  -- Removing the wrecked cruise liner Costa Concordia from the coastal waters off an Italian island will begin in May and take about a year , the ship 's owner said . "  Once returned to a floating state , the wreck will be towed to an Italian port , " Costa Cruises said in a news release . A decision on what to do with the ship after it has been towed will be up to Italian authorities , according to Pier Luigi Foschi , chairman of Costa Cruises . U.S.-based Titan Salvage of Florida and Micoperi , an Italy-based salvage , have been selected to recover and tow away the Concordia , Costa said . The announcement Saturday by Costa follows news that the bodies of all but two of the 32 people presumed dead in the wreck have been recovered . The cruise liner struck rocks and turned on its side January 13 off the Italian island of Giglio . Recovery teams spent weeks searching the submerged decks and cabins for those who failed to escape the sinking vessel . The liner , owned by Genoa-based Costa Cruises , was carrying about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members when it struck the rocks . The Concordia 's captain , Francesco Schettino , remains under house arrest while he is investigated for possible criminal charges . He faces possible charges of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck , abandoning ship , failing to report an accident to the coast guard and destroying a natural habitat , a prosecutor said last month . A portion of Giglio 's coastal waters is designated as a protected marine habitat . Schettino 's first officer , Ciro Ambrosio , and six other officers both on the ship and from the firm Costa in Genoa are under investigation over allegations including manslaughter , shipwreck and failure to report the accident , the prosecutor said . To date , no one has been charged . Schettino previously said managers of the Costa cruise line instructed him to sail close to the island and has denied allegations that he was sailing too fast . He has said the rock the ship struck was not indicated on his charts of the area . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Salvage companies from the U.S. and Italy will begin work next month "  Once returned to a floating state , the wreck will be towed to an Italian port , " Costa says The salvage process is expected to last a year , the cruise line said The Costa Concordia struck rock on January 13 off the coast of Giglio
CNN  -- In the early hours of New Year 's Eve in a small town in Michigan , two boys apparently got a rambunctious idea for some late night fun . When it was over , one of them was dead , authorities said . Brandon Burr and Adrian Chiquito sneaked out of the house early Tuesday in Niles , Michigan , and into Burr 's grandfather 's car , WOOD reported . The family was unaware of the boys ' joy ride until Cass County sheriff 's deputies came knocking at the door . When they asked Adrian 's father , Kevin Waldrop , and his wife , Jalaine , if they knew that the car was missing from their garage , they were shocked , and Jalaine Waldrop ran into the boys ' bedroom . They had not heard the boys leave , they told WOOD . They thought they were upstairs playing video games . Brandon and Adrian shared a room like brothers , because their families lived together under the same roof . "  The kids were gone , and the blankets were stuffed with pillows , and she just knew , " Kevin Waldrop told WOOD . "  They took the car while we were sleeping . " The crash had split the car nearly in two . Brandon , 14 , was at the wheel and was injured , Sheriff Joseph M. Underwood Jr. said . The teen was speeding on roads slick from winter weather , lost control and ran into a tree , authorities said . He was taken to a hospital , where his condition was improving . Adrian was pronounced dead at the scene of the crash , police said . He was 12 .	Two boys , 12 and 14 , had an idea for late-night fun ; it ended in tragedy They sneaked out of the house and made away with a family car Sheriff 's deputies came knocking to question parents after the car hit a tree The 12-year-old passenger was killed ; the older boy , who was driving , was injured
They first hit the man , thought to be a British soldier , with a car in broad daylight . Then the two attackers hacked him to death and dumped his body in the middle of a southeastern London road . As the victim -- dressed in what appeared to be a T-shirt for Help for Heroes , a charity that helps military veterans -- lay prone , one of the two attackers found a camera . "  We swear by almighty Allah we will never stop fighting you until you leave us alone , " said a meat-cleaver-wielding man with bloody hands , speaking in what seems to be a London accent . "  The only reasons we killed this man ... is because Muslims are dying daily , " he added , in video aired by CNN affiliate ITN . "  This British soldier is an eye for an eye , a tooth for tooth . " One witness , Michael Atlee , described the gruesome , frenzied and ultimately fatal sequence of events Wednesday afternoon as "  a bloody mess . " British Prime David Cameron called it a terrorist attack . "  We will never buckle to terror , " Cameron wrote on Twitter . Home Secretary Theresa May offered a similar assessment Wednesday night of the situation and a similar message of resolve . READ MORE : London attack mirrors plot to behead Muslim soldier "  We have seen terrorism on the streets of Britain before , and we have always stood against it , " she said . "  Despicable acts like this will not go unpunished . " ` They were just animals ' A witness , who identified himself only as James , told London 's LBC 97.3 radio station that he saw two men standing by the victim , who was on the ground in the British capital 's Woolwich neighborhood . At first James thought they were trying to help the man . But then he saw two meat cleavers , like a butcher would have . "  They were hacking at this poor guy , literally , " he told the radio station , as if they were trying to remove his organs . "  These two guys were crazed . They were just not there . They were just animals . " Afterward , the men appeared to want to be filmed , with one of the attackers going over to a bus and asking people to take photos of him as if he wanted to be on TV . A man who asked not to be identified told ITN that he was on his way to a job interview when he came up on the scene and started filming it . Then , a man with a cleaver and knife in his bloody hands "  came straight to me  and  said , ` No , no , no , it 's cool . I just want to talk to you . ' " The suspect went to apologize to women who had witnessed the attack , then quickly added "  but in our lands our women have to see the same . " "  You people will never be safe , " he said . "  Remove your government . They do n't care about you . You think David Cameron is going to get caught in the street when we start busting our guns ? " ... Get rid of them . Tell them to bring our troops back so we can all live in peace . " The first call about an assault came in at 2:20 p.m.  9:20 a.m. ET  . At some point afterward , police responded , including armed members of a firearms unit , even though British police typically do n't carry guns . Metropolitan Police Commander Simon Letchworth noted that "  early reports " indicated the attackers had "  weapons . " Metropolitan Police say they 're aware of reports it took 30 minutes for police to arrive . The suspects rushed at the arriving officers before being shot , James told the radio station . The Independent Police Complaints Commission said the Metropolitan Police informed them at 2:50 p.m. of "  an incident , " as would happen when police shoot and injure someone . Letchworth said both suspects were taken to separate London hospitals for treatment . Metropolitan Police Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe later said the two had been arrested , though it was n't immediately clear if this happened at the hospitals or elsewhere . "  We understand concern about the motivation , and we will work tirelessly to uncover why this occurred and and who was responsible , " Hogan-Howe said , adding that his force 's counterterrorism unit will lead the investigation . "  I understand people want answers , but I must stress we are in the early stages of investigations . " Centuries-old barracks part of London neighborhood Cameron -- who was in France at the time of the incident but headed back home promptly -- declined to confirm if the man killed was a serving soldier , while Britain 's Defense Ministry said it was investigating to see whether that 's the case . Yet Nick Raynsford , a member of Parliament , told CNN that the victim is believed to be a serving soldier who was based at a nearby barracks . The soldier had apparently been on duty in central London and was returning to the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich when he was attacked , Raynsford said . The MP described Woolwich as a mixed , multicultural area , adding that troops stationed at the centuries-old military barracks there have a close relationship with locals . Even as they worked to piece together what happened and why , British authorities beefed up security around Woolwich and all military barracks in London , according to a British government source . And British Defense Secretary Philip Hammond said the killing was a "  very shocking incident " and that the United Kingdom takes the safety of its troops "  very seriously , " as he headed into Wednesday night to a meeting of the country 's civil emergency committee known as COBRA . The incident raised concerns it may inflame animosity against Muslims , with Metropolitan Police deploying riot police as a precautionary measure . The Muslim Council of Britain , after condemning what it called "  a truly barbaric act that has no basis in Islam , " urged Muslims and non-Muslims alike "  to come together in solidarity to ensure the forces of hatred do not prevail . " Later Wednesday , a man with two knives threw a smoke grenade into a mosque in Essex , a county east of London , and demanded someone come outside to answer to the Woolwich slaying , the mosque 's secretary said . The only person inside called police who came quickly and arrested the man , said Al Falah Braintree Islamic Center secretary Sikander Sleemy . "  I believe this was a revenge attack for what happened in Woolwich , " Sleemy said . "  We strongly condemn what happened in Woolwich . It 's not an Islamic act . " That attack had already spurred swift condemnations around the world and especially in Britain -- from a "  concerned " Queen Elizabeth II , to London Mayor Boris Johnson 's description of a "  sickening and unforgivable act of violence , " to Labour Party leader Ed Miliband 's prediction that the "  whole country will be horrified . " That 's certainly true for Lauren Collins , who saw the gore up close . "  I still am quite shaken at what I 've seen , " she told CNN . "  I 've seen a victim of an awful attack , and I 've seen a body of a young man . "	A man thought to be a soldier is hit by a car then hacked to death , witnesses say Video shows a man with a cleaver and swearing "  by Allah " to keep fighting A man who filmed one suspect says he "  came straight to me " and started talking "  Despicable acts like this will not go unpunished , " a UK minister says
Apollo Nida , husband of "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " co-star Phaedra Parks , is headed to prison for eight years on fraud charges . Nida , who appears on the reality TV series with Parks , was arrested in January and pleaded guilty in May to charges in a fraud scheme that federal prosecutors say stole millions of dollars from at least 50 people over four years . A hearing on July 17 will determine how much restitution Nida must pay to his victims . Nida , 35 , must serve five years under parole supervision after he completes his eight years in a federal prison , U.S. District Court Judge Charles A. Pannell , Jr. ordered during sentencing Tuesday . It will be the second prison stint for Nida , who previously served five years in a federal prison for auto title fraud before marrying Parks in 2009 . Nida created two fake collection companies to gather personal information used to steal victims ' identities , U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said after his sentencing in Atlanta . He used the information to get fraudulent auto loans in the names of his victims , according to the criminal complaint . He was busted after a year-long investigation by the U.S. Secret Service . "  Today 's sentencing exemplifies impartial justice regardless of economic class or perceived celebrity status , " U.S. Secret Service Special Agent Reginald Moore said . "  Nida 's sentence should be an eye-opener for other like-minded criminals who scheme to steal victims ' identities , defraud them and ignore the consequences of their actions . " The break in the case came in September , when federal investigators arrested Gayla St. Julein , a woman who "  described herself as Nida 's ` right hand b **** ' in executing the legwork of his fraud schemes , " the complaint said . St. Julien , who previously served prison time for identity theft , told agents that Nida "  only paid her ` scraps ' " for her work , compared to the amount of money he made from the fraud schemes , " the filing said . She turned on him and agreed to let agents record their phone calls , it said . Nida "  knowingly and willfully  did  execute and attempt to execute a scheme to defraud federally insured financial institutions by depositing stolen and fraudulently obtained checks and fraudulently obtained auto loan proceeds into bank accounts opened in the stolen identities of real persons , and conspire with others to do so , and knowingly convert to his use and the use of others stolen and fraudulently obtained United States Treasury Checks , " Special Agent Alexandre Herrera said in a sworn affidavit . Nida 's fake companies fraudulently signed up with "  LexisNexis , Equifax , and Mircrobilt databases " to steal personal information on people . Along with the fraudulent auto loan checks , Nida stole U.S. Treasury checks , "  retirement checks issued to Delta Airlines employees , and checks in the names of real people that were owed unclaimed property from various state and federal government agencies , " the complaint said . Agents recorded phone calls St. Julien made to Nida during which he discussed details of pending fraudulent auto loans and "  details of future auto loan checks that he was expecting to receive any day now from in the mail , " the affidavit said . ` Real Housewives ' stars face new fraud charges Porsha Williams charged with battery in scuffle	Apollo Nida must serve 5 years on parole after he does 8 years in prison His fraud scheme stole millions from at least 50 people over four years , prosecutor says Nida served 5 years in prison before marrying "  Housewives " co-star Phaedra Parks He was busted after a year-long investigation by the U.S. Secret Service
CNN  -- In the digital age , war is n't contained to the ground . The Israeli government on Sunday said it has been hit with more than 44 million cyberattacks since it began aerial strikes on Gaza last week . Anonymous , the hacker collective , claimed responsibility for taking down some sites and leaking passwords because of what it calls Israel 's "  barbaric , brutal and despicable treatment " of Palestinians . "  The war is being fought on three fronts , " Carmela Avner , Israel 's chief information officer , said on Sunday in a press release . "  The first is physical , the second is the world of social networks and the third is cyberattacks . "  The attackers are attempting to harm the accessibility of Israel 's government websites on an ongoing basis . When events like the current operation occur , this sector heats up and we see increased activity . Therefore , at this time , defending the governmental computer systems is of invaluable importance . " Israel and the military wing of Hamas have been criticized for using ready-to-share images on social media to spread spin about the conflict , which has claimed the lives of about 100 Palestinians and three Israelis since the back-and-forth violence began again Wednesday . There is some dispute about the effectiveness of the cyberattacks . Israel says the attacks have largely been unsuccessful . "  We are reaping the fruits on the investment in recent years in the development of computerized defense systems , but we have a lot of work in store for us , " Israel 's finance minister , Yuval Steinitz , said in a written statement . Reuters quotes him as saying only one website was down for 10 minutes . CNN iReport : Instagram users wage peace in Israel Anonymous , meanwhile , posted a list of more than 650 Israel-based websites it says it has taken down or defaced since last week . "  They 've knocked down websites , deleted databases and have leaked e-mail addresses and passwords , " Casey Chan wrote Friday for the tech site Gizmodo . "  It 's a whopping takedown . " A post on an Anonymous Twitter feed Monday morning said another set of hackers had defaced the Israeli versions of several Microsoft websites , including Bing , MSN and Skype . Visitors to Bing 's Israeli site on Monday morning saw an anti-Israel rant instead of a search-engine homepage . "  Microsoft is aware of the site defacements and working to get all sites fully functional , " a company spokeswoman wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  At present , we have seen no evidence to suggest the compromise of customer information but will take action to help protect customers as necessary . " A page associated with Anonymous also posted a new threat : "  November 2012 will be a month to remember for the  Israel Defense Forces  and Internet security forces . Israeli Gov. this is/will turn into a cyberwar . " Some observers took this as a sign of an escalating digital battle . "  Beyond mere ` denial of service ' tactics that blocked sites with floods of junk data , the hackers also ramped up their attacks to penetrations of any vulnerable target available to them , resulting in tens of thousands of Israeli citizens ' and supporters ' private data dumped onto the Web , " wrote Andy Greenberg from Forbes . Others said most of Anonymous ' threats have been "  hollow " so far . "  Today , Anon lacks the talent and semi-cohesion it once boasted across the net , and its most recent online crusade is an embarrassing reminder , " Sam Biddle wrote for Gizmodo on Monday . "  This is less a war than the hacker equivalent of egging someone 's house and then smoking weed behind a Denny 's . " The group is calling its campaign #OpIsrael . "  While the Israeli government almost certainly has backups of the aformentioned databases , these attacks as well as the defacements show Anonymous is n't just doing its usual spree of overloading target sites , " writes another tech blog , TheNextWeb . "  OpIsrael appears to have gotten multiple hackers involved who are interested in doing actual damage , or at least something that is slightly more permanent than just a 404 , " which is the code that appears online when a website wo n't load . Greenberg , from Forbes , makes the important point that none of this digital damage compares to the loss of life on the ground in the Middle East . "  Anonymous ' attacks , of course , hardly register compared with the physical damage inflicted by both sides in the Gaza conflict , " he wrote . Israel and Hamas : How the conflict reignited	Israel says its government websites have been hit by 44 million attacks The hacker collective Anonymous claims some responsibility The group says it has posted e-mail addresses online Cyberattacks are the third front in the conflict between Israel and Gaza , Israeli official says
CNN  -- Olympic snowboarding medalist Shaun White has been charged with vandalism and public intoxication after pulling a fire alarm and breaking a phone at a hotel in Nashville , police said . White was arrested after trying to flee the hotel in a cab and kicking a hotel guest who tried to stop him , according to a statement Monday from the Nashville Metro Police Department . The 26-year-old "  appeared to be extremely intoxicated and smelled strongly of alcohol , " and his "  eyes were red and bloodshot , " according to the police report . White ran from the hotel after an employee accused him of smashing a phone , police said . A guest followed White from the hotel and called police , the incident report said . "  Once the guest told Mr. White that he called the police , Mr. White attempted to attack the man and fell and hit his head , " the report said . White was taken to a hospital to have his head injury checked , police said . The guest did n't press charges , but White was arrested on the other misdemeanor charges after refusing to sign a citation , police said . Shaun White : A natural board talent The U.S. snowboarder , once nicknamed "  The Flying Tomato " for his distinctive red hair , was released on his own recognizance Monday evening , Davidson County sheriff 's spokeswoman Melinda McDowell said . White has been a professional snowboarder and skateboarder since his early teens , taking gold medals in the halfpipe competition at the 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics . His representatives did not immediately return phone calls seeking comment . CNN 's John Branch and Jillian Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Shaun White fled the hotel after employee accused him of smashing a phone , police say Police said White pulled a fire alarm at a Nashville hotel He got into a confrontation with a hotel guest who tried to stop him , police said The Olympic medalist is free on his own recognizance , a sheriff 's spokeswoman said
New York  CNN  -- The three men accused of plotting to bomb the New York City subway last year planned to attack trains at Times Square and Grand Central stations , a federal law enforcement source said Monday . Najibullah Zazi and his two co-defendants wanted to inflict maximum casualties around the anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks , the source said . The trio , wearing homemade bombs , plotted to position themselves in the middle of busy subway cars in order to kill the most people , probably targeting the 1 , 2 , 3 , or 6 line trains , the source said . Since his arrest , Zazi has given authorities information about the plot . The law enforcement source said Zazi would probably have chosen September 14 for the attack , but was also considering the September 15 or 16 . Zazi 's co-defendants , Adis Medunjanin and Zarein Ahmedzay , are indicted in the plot and have pleaded not guilty . All three men went to the same high school in Flushing , Queens , New York . The plot was foiled when the FBI began following Zazi and police stopped him on a bridge into New York . Zazi said that prompted him to dump his bomb materials and return to Denver , Colorado , where he was working as a shuttle driver , authorities said . Prosecutors have said they plan one or two more arrests overseas . Zazi is scheduled for sentencing in June .	Najibullah Zazi , 2 co-defendants allegedly plotted to wear homemade bombs They wanted to be in the middle of busy subway cars , source says Source says Zazi was considering September 14 , 15 or 16 for the attack
All government shutdowns are not created equal . In 1995 and 1996 , disagreement over federal spending levels between the Republican-controlled Congress -- led by House Speaker Newt Gingrich -- and then-President Bill Clinton led the government to partially shut down twice . Government services were cut , federal workers were furloughed and hostility toward politicians grew . Now that a government shutdown has happened again -- this time after the Senate , run by Democrats , and the GOP-controlled House could n't come to an agreement on funding the government by midnight on Tuesday -- it would be easy to compare the two shutdowns . The reality : the atmosphere , the lack of negotiations between leaders and the economy were all different in 1995 , and this most recent shutdown is markedly different . Here is why : 1 . Clinton and Gingrich were open to compromise During the 1995-1996 shutdowns , the House speaker and the president , despite their political differences , were more willing to negotiate on policy issues . "  Bill Clinton and I would talk , if not every day ... we would talk five days a week before the shutdown , after the shutdowns , " said Gingrich . "  We met face to face for 35 days in the White House trying to hammer things out . When you get to know somebody , even when you 're fighting hard , you kind of understand where the other person is coming from and they 're not some demonized figure . " That is not the case with President Barack Obama and Speaker John Boehner , whose relationship has been sullied by a number of difficult negotiations and failed deals on the budget and spending . They nearly reached agreement in 2011 on a "  grand bargain " to deal with taxes and entitlement spending . But the deal fell through at the last minute and they have n't spent much time together since . Obama and Boehner spoke Monday night as the clock ticked down on government shutdown and , according to a Boehner spokesman , "  the call lasted nearly 10 minutes . " It was their first conversation in 10 days . After the call , Boehner took to the floor and debriefed the call with the president by impersonating him . "  I talked to the president earlier tonight : ` I 'm not going to negotiate , I 'm not going to negotiate , I 'm not going to do this , ' " Boehner said . "  Well , I would say to the president , this is not about me . And it 's not about Republicans here in Congress . It 's about fairness for the American people . " Gingrich said this lack of contact is the problem . "  The biggest difference I sense between the Obama-Boehner relationship and the Clinton-Gingrich relationship is just simply frequency of conversation , " Gingrich , a host of CNN 's "  Crossfire , " said on the show . 2 . Partisanship is deeper With congressional districts that are more Republican or Democratic than ever , there are few moderates left on Capitol Hill today . This has led to a more hyper-partisan Congress , where the parties appear to be farther apart than they ever were in the past . "  In the '80s and '90s there was the ability for both sides , no matter how difficult the issue , to come together and arrive at compromise and solve problems , " Chuck Konigsberg , assistant director of the White House Office of Management and Budget during the 1995 shutdown , said in an interview with CNN . "  Now , there is such an ideological bent to many of these issues , that it is difficult to overcome the gridlock . " Konigsberg said today 's Republican members , "  instead of focusing on the general election where people tend to tack to the political center , are more worried about primary challenges from the far right . " And according to a 2013 study from Duke University and the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill , the government shutdowns of 1995-1996 could have led to the partisanship that is now gripping Washington . Although the 1995 Congress was the most partisan in more than 100 years , according to the study , the level of polarization since the shutdown has remained higher than it ever was before then . "  This level of polarization could be self-reinforcing , " James Moody of Duke University and Peter Mucha of UNC wrote . "  Since success in middle positions requires coalitions and trust that are unlikely , given so many party loyalists . " 3 . The economy , then and now When the government shut down in 1995-96 , the economy was booming , primarily because of Silicon Valley , the burgeoning tech sector and Internet startups . Unemployment was at 5.6 % and most economic forecasts saw further growth . The same could not be said for the current state of this economy . Amid a sluggish recovery , unemployment has slowly shrunk to 7.3 % , but labor participation -- the number of people who have a job or are looking for one -- is at the lowest rate since August 1978 . Could a government shutdown damage the fragile economy ? It depends on whom you ask . Mark Zandi , chief economist for Moody 's Analytics , told Congress last week that economic growth would slow during a shutdown . But Tad Dehaven , budget analyst for the CATO Institute , told CNN he believes that economy would be fine during a shutdown , primarily because of how the economy performed in 1995 . "  The last time we had a government shutdown , the stock market was fine , " he said . "  The economy was fine . " Most economists agree , however , that the economic impact of a government shutdown depends greatly on how long the shutdown lasts . But according to some estimates , the a shutdown could cost the still-struggling U.S. economy roughly $ 1 billion a week just in pay lost by furloughed federal workers . "  If it 's a relatively short shutdown , it 's a minor headache , " said Brian Kessler , economist with Moody 's Analytics . "  But if it lasts several weeks , the people affected start to act like they 're unemployed . They delay larger purchases . That 's why you start to see a significantly greater effect the longer it goes . " But the economic impact of an extended government shutdown will be more than just lost wages by federal workers . -- With national parks and museums closed , tourism will be affected . -- The Small Business Authority will be unable to process loan applications , meaning a dent in small-business growth . -- Federal contractors would also have to cut back on staffing .	1995 - '96 shutdowns were in a politically and economically different time Those years , political leaders were more willing to negotiate With districts more partisan , there are fewer moderates in the House today Unlike today , the mid - '90s economy was booming
Washington  CNN  -- The NAACP has passed a resolution that condemns what it feels is rampant racism in the Tea Party movement . Members passed the measure on Tuesday at the organization 's 101st annual convention in Kansas City , Missouri . Tea Party activists have swiftly denounced the action as unfounded and unfair . The resolution pits the nation 's oldest civil rights organization , with its storied history of wins on behalf of racial justice , against a grassroots conservative movement that has won some recent political races and is flexing its muscle in Republican circles . "  We take no issue with the Tea Party . We believe in freedom of assembly and people raising their voices in a democracy , " Ben Jealous , president and CEO of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , said in a statement . "  We take issue with the Tea Party 's continued tolerance for bigotry and bigoted statements . The time has come for them to accept the responsibility that comes with influence and make clear there is no space for racism and anti-Semitism and other forms of bigotry in their movement , " Jealous said . Tea Party leaders reacted to the NAACP action with swift and angry derision . "  I am disinclined to take lectures on racial sensitivity from a group that insists on calling black people , ` Colored , ' " Mark Williams , national spokesman of the Tea Party Express , told CNN . "  The Tea Party -LSB- movement -RSB- is about the constitution of this country ... -LSB- and -RSB- ensuring equality for each and every individual human being . " Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a Tea Party favorite , said the charge from the NAACP is "  false , appalling , and is a regressive and diversionary tactic to change the subject at hand . " "  To be unjustly accused of association with what Reagan so aptly called that ` legacy of evil ' is a traumatizing experience , and one of which the honest , freedom-loving patriots of the Tea Party movement are truly undeserving , " she wrote in a posting on her Facebook page Tuesday night . Palin responds to allegations of Tea Party racism Palin said the only purpose of such an accusation is to dissuade Americans from joining the Tea Party , a movement she said is "  motivated by love of country and all that is good and honest about our proud and diverse nation . " But NAACP leaders feel there is ample evidence to prove Palin and others who deny there is racism in Tea Party are wrong . Hilary Shelton , director of the NAACP 's Washington bureau and senior vice president for advocacy and policy , laid out what the group feels is the proof during an interview with CNN . "  After observing Tea Party activities throughout the country -- which culminated with the outrageous and racist behavior of Tea Party activists during the historic congressional vote to pass into law comprehensive health care legislation -- the NAACP began more closely investigating the Tea Party . Specifically as it was reported to us that Tea Party activists spat on -LSB- Congressman -RSB- John Lewis , a veteran civil rights activist and associate to Dr. Martin Luther King , and called Congressman Emanuel Cleaver the ` N-word ' and called -LSB- Congressman -RSB- Barney Frank ... one of the first openly gay members of Congress , the ` F-word , ' " Shelton said . The NAACP also claims that Tea Party activists have engaged in racist behavior , for example , by waving signs that degrade African Americans and President Obama , in particular . Also , the NAACP says , a number of Tea Party members think that issues of importance to African Americans get too much attention . "  Rather than talking about the real issues of these incidents that have happened ... -LSB- activists -RSB- wind up blaming the messenger , " Shelton said . "  It seems like its denial ... that allows them to focus on themselves . " iReporter says Tea Party must address issue of racism Many Tea Party leaders have publicly denounced elements of prejudice . During a May 6 interview on ABC 's "  The View , " Amy Kremer , chairman of the Tea Party Express , pointedly looked into the camera and told any prejudiced followers , "  This is not a racist movement . We do n't want you here . Go away if that 's what you 're about . We 're about the fiscal issues and about being American . " Williams , the Tea Party Express spokesman , said , "  We 've had these people show up on the fringes of our group ... because we attract TV cameras . What these people all universally learn , the racist groups included , is that they 're not welcome . " Other Tea Party leaders also have publicly spoken out against racism in their movement . While Shelton acknowledged the effort from "  a few " leaders , she said the level of repudiation is not stopping displays of racism from many Tea Party followers . "  Not only are some elements of the Tea Party movement being resistant to that -LSB- message of repudiation -RSB- , but we 've seen some elements acting out , in some cases in a violently racist behavior . And that is what we want to see stop , " Shelton said . Shelton cited the movement 's loose-knit patchwork of small , local groups that might not toe the line of Tea Party leaders .	NAACP passes resolution blasting Tea Party for "  continued tolerance for bigotry " Tea Party activists denounce the action as unfounded and unfair Sarah Palin calls the charge a "  regressive and diversionary tactic " NAACP leader cites slurs directed at lawmakers during the health care vote
CNN  As the world digests the shock of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov 's brutal murder in front of the Kremlin on Friday , everybody is trying to determine who was behind it . The Russian authorities were quick to throw out a number of theories , which ranged from the CIA to Ukraine , and even to Nemtsov 's relationship troubles . While most people have discounted these out of hand , there are a surprising number of people who have bought into the statement , released by Vladimir Putin 's spokesman , that "  Boris Nemtsov was only slightly more than an average statistical citizen " -- implying that the Russian President would have no reason to want him dead . First of all , that is not true . Nemtsov may not have been a significant threat two years ago when oil prices were high and Russians were feeling politically apathetic -- but with oil prices down 50 % , the ruble down 50 % , the economy shrinking and companies firing people , a charismatic opposition politician like Nemtsov is a real and direct threat to Putin , who is terrified of experiencing a Ukraine-style revolution in Russia , especially when there is an unpredictable economic crisis brewing . Nemtsov 's corruption exposés laid out , in damning detail , the truth behind the personal wealth of Putin and his cronies ; one does n't need to be an expert to see the similarities with former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , who fled Kiev following popular uprisings in February of last year . Nemtsov was also preparing a paper documenting the experiences of Russian soldiers in Ukraine -- one that could have dealt a catastrophic blow to the Russian propaganda machine about the Ukrainian conflict . And he was instrumental in organizing the March 1 anti-war rally in Moscow -- a protest march he would have led , had he not been gunned down just hours before . The benefit of this murder to Putin was n't just that it eliminated one opponent of the President , but that it will terrorize an entire class of dissidents . READ MORE : Other critics of Putin who ended up dead Putin has a history of viciously attacking the most important person in any given group of enemies , in order to send a message to the rest of them . In 2003 , he did this by arresting and imprisoning the richest oligarch in the country , Mikhail Khodorkovsky . When Khodorkovsky was put on trial in 2004 , Putin allowed the television cameras film the wealthiest man in the country sitting in a cage . Imagine that you were the 17th richest man in Russia , and you saw a man more successful and influential than you sitting in a courtroom cage . What would you do ? Anything you could to avoid meeting the same fate ; in the case of Russia 's oligarchs , they all fell into line and were never a problem for the President again . The same thing happened with the murder of investigative journalist and vocal Putin critic Anna Politkovskaya in 2006 . Although Kremlin involvement in her killing was never proved , the number of brave , outspoken investigative journalists in Russia dropped to only a handful after her death . Now , in 2015 , one of the most vocal opposition leaders has been gunned down directly in front of the Kremlin . In addition to the political benefits of Nemtsov 's demise , his killing also sends a clear and chilling message to anyone else who is similarly outspoken against Putin : It does n't matter how well known you are , how many heads of state in the West know you , or how many people would be outraged by your death . If you cause problems , you can and will be killed . Not only does this have a powerful effect on other opposition leaders , but it puts a primordial fear into the minds of average Russian citizens , who may now think twice before taking to the streets to protest corruption , the war in Ukraine , or the poor standards of living . No matter your agenda , is it worth your life ? The West needs to act urgently , with actions , not words . This is the most brazen high-profile assassination of a political opposition leader in modern Russian history . So what can be done ? Firstly , create , without any delay , an independent international inquiry into Nemtsov 's assassination . No investigation conducted solely by the Russian government would be credible under the circumstances , because it can not impartially examine the possible complicity of Putin or the Russian secret service in this act . There are statutory instruments in place for this kind of investigation , using the OSCE , the Council of Europe , and the United Nations . Secondly , Boris Nemtsov was a passionate supporter of "  Magnitsky sanctions , " visa bans and asset freezes targeted specifically at kleptocrats and human rights abusers . It would befit his legacy if European governments would finally impose these sanctions , and stop accepting the billions of dollars which beneficiaries of the corrupt Putin regime are able to keep safely in Western banks . These sanctions will also act as a real consequence if the Russian government refuses to cooperate with an independent inquiry into Nemtsov 's murder . The only reason that someone was bold enough to kill Boris Nemtsov was because a string of previous murders were met with words of condemnation , but no real action from the West . Yushenkov , Politkovskaya , Shchekochikhin , Klebnikhov , Estemirova , Markelov , Magnitsky and now Nemtsov . How many others need to die before real action is taken ? This is a watershed moment , not just for Russia , but for the West . We have a responsibility to the future Nemtsovs of this world to make sure that these assassinations will no longer go unpunished .	Opposition leader Boris Nemtsov murdered in Moscow on Friday Browder : There are reasons why Vladimir Putin would want Nemtsov dead Russian government has denied any involvement in killing
CNN  -- Of all things to steal , you 'd think love letters would be low on the list . But that 's exactly what thieves took from Lloyd and Marian Michael -- the couple 's sweet letters and the sleeping memories they stirred . "  We were just overwhelmed ... so sad , " said Marian , 88 , about the day they discovered them missing . Still , she and Lloyd , 89 , were never the type for self-pity . What could they do ? They moved on . Then , several decades later , the Michaels got a strange message on their answering machine . The caller , a military veteran , had painstakingly tracked them down after his father 's death . He said he had news about their letters . "  We thought , ` Oh , it must be a mistake , ' " Marian said . It was n't . In love and war Lloyd and Marian met at a California high school in the 1940s , when Bing Crosby was big , a stamp cost 3 cents , and war raged around the world . For their first date , Lloyd took Marian to a dance at a civic center . He told his family that night he 'd found his girl . Marian took some convincing , but Lloyd 's persistence paid off . "  I think that the war situation was so intense at that time , " she said . "  It was just important for him to find a girlfriend and for me to find a boyfriend . That 's what we were , girl - and boyfriend . " They married on December 31 , 1942 , just about a year after the attack on Pearl Harbor that drew the United States into World War II . Lloyd had joined the U.S. Army Air Forces by that point , and had to get a weekend pass for the wedding . They were madly in love and eager to start their new life , but the war had plans of its own . After the wedding , the Army sent Lloyd to Mississippi for aircraft mechanic training , then back to California and on to New Jersey before he deployed to Europe , where Marian could not follow . To stay connected , the newlyweds wrote each other as often as they could -- open , affectionate letters describing how much they missed each other and longed to be together . "  Darling , I can hear Bing  Crosby  singing over the loudspeaker , " wrote Lloyd on July 6 , 1944 . "  He is singing ` By the Light of the Silvery Moon . ' Boy , he can really sing . Marian , remember the old moon down in Mississippi ... "  That moon means more than ever to me now . Just right when I got into my foxhole , I could look out and see that old moon shining so very bright . It was so very full . I got a very warm feeling inside of me just sitting there , laying there , and looking at it , and thinking of you . " Lloyd later explained the motif of the moon : "  We had made a commitment when we left that we 'd kiss the moon at night . " "  If you think about it ... the moon , wherever you 're at , the other party will see that same moon that day , " he said . "  That moon would be over her . " The couple made other promises too . Before Lloyd left , he and Marian bought identical maps of Europe . In his letters , Lloyd wrote the position on his map that matched , more or less , where he was . The censors never cracked their code . Lloyd was deployed overseas for 27 months . He served in England , Germany , Belgium and France , arriving in Normandy just 12 days after the historic invasion . After the war , he returned to California . He and Marian made a life in Alta Loma , outside Los Angeles , where they raised four children . The Michaels locked their love letters in a trunk for safekeeping , along with the rest of Lloyd 's war memorabilia . They put the trunk in a shed . But sometime in the late 1960s , or early 1970s -- the Michaels are n't sure -- someone gutted their shed , snatching the trunk and everything in it . "  We just accepted that they were gone forever , probably trashed . We never dreamed we 'd ever see them , " Marian said . "  And when we had this message from this young man on the phone we just could n't believe it . " A mystery man The man at the other end of the line had a plan when he dialed the Michaels ' phone last fall . Using Lloyd 's Army serial number , he had tracked the couple down . Apparently , there had been a number of men with the name Lloyd Michael in the service . But there was just one with a wife named Marian . He asked the Michaels to meet at a nearby In-N-Out Burger . It was about 12:30 in the afternoon when they pulled into the parking lot . "  He undoubtedly saw two old , gray-haired people walk right in , and got out of his car and walked over and said : ` Are you Lloyd Michael ? ' " Lloyd said . "  Handed me this big box he had of our letters . " The man told the Michaels he had come across their correspondence as he was going through his father 's things . His father , a stamp collector , had died . Maybe his father bought the letters , hoping their stamps would be worth something one day . But who knows ? The man was n't saying much , and the Michaels did n't want to pry . "  I do n't want to put him through that , " Lloyd said . "  He just did something that was a marvelous thing for him to do . " As quickly as he entered the Michaels ' lives , the man left . They tried to buy his lunch . But he would n't take a thing . Later , they sent the man a box of candy for Christmas anyway . "  He 'd been a veteran himself , and he had a boy that had been in either Iraq or Afghanistan and had just returned home . So he knew what letters meant to him , his family -- the same thing , " Lloyd said . "  He just thought ... they were n't his , and he wanted to get them back to where they belong . " ` Sweetheart , all my life is yours ' The letters are written in tiny print , many on thin onion skin paper . Most have upside down stamps , which was the Michaels ' way of saying : "  I love you . " They got back 241 letters , which they say is just a fraction of the many hundreds they sent each other over the years . As they read through their letters , they often have to stop on account of tears , both happy and sad . Reading one out loud , Marian 's voice broke . The emotion was raw , as if she was reading the letter for the first time and still waiting and worrying for a husband in harm 's way . "  They 're pretty difficult for us to read . It just brings back all the agony , and the worry , and the concern , " she said . Though some letters were serious , others were playful . The Michaels poked gentle fun at themselves and each other , and imagined what they were going to do when the war was over . They shared the sort of small details that make up a life . "  Guess what we 're going to have for supper ! " Marian wrote in a letter dated December 8 , 1944 . "  It 's really going to be a treat because we have n't had any for so long . We 're going to have bacon ! Boy , now that 's really something in this neck of the woods . ... Pork is a luxury these days . " Though times were tough and being separated was hard , Lloyd said he and Marian never really wrote about their problems . "  That would just burden the other party , " he said . "  We were always trying to give the best that we had . " Reading from her December 8 , 1944 , letter , Marian hints at the other reason why Lloyd said they initially kept their letters under lock and key -- to keep their children 's prying eyes out of their most private exchanges : "  Darling , I love you more every day . It seems as if I 'm wanting your caresses more and more , and I 'm wanting your kisses more ... I 'm wanting you more and more . Sweetheart , all my life is yours . " Her promise proved true . Surrounded by family and friends , the Michaels celebrated their 70th wedding anniversary in December , shortly after they were reunited with their letters . Where the rest are is anyone 's guess , but they are grateful they got back what they did . "  It 's bringing back all the memories . But it ca n't draw the two of us any closer than we are , " Lloyd said . "  We 've been up and down life -- been to the top of it and down to the bottom . We 're just a couple determined to make the best out of our lives . "	Lloyd and Marian Michael married in December 1942 , a year after the U.S. joined WW II During Lloyd 's deployment to Europe , the couple wrote hundreds of letters to each other More than 40 years ago , those letters were stolen Exactly who took them , and why , remains a mystery
CNN  -- Three years after the killing of Mexican journalist Armando Rodriguez , his colleagues said they are more determined than ever to write about the nation 's drug cartels despite the risks . "  Those who ordered the killing of Armando were wrong because those who are left are more seasoned and we are working , " said Luz del Carmen Sosa , a reporter for El Diario de Juarez newspaper who took over Rodriguez 's crime beat after his death . "  Those who believed we were going to take step back , they were wrong . " On November 13 , 2008 , Rodriguez -- called "  El Choco " by his colleagues because of his chocolate skin tone -- was about to take his two young daughters to school when a man approached the garage of his house and fired 11 shots into his chest . His daughters , one of whom witnessed the attack , have not spoken publicly since the incident and did not attend a memorial event for their father on Sunday . Rodriguez 's wife declined an interview request from CNN . His colleagues believe he was targeted because of his coverage of drug cartels in the border town of Ciudad Juarez . Before his death , Rodriguez was among the first journalists to write at length about the violent shift in the city . He was a high-profile reporter for the most-read paper in the city , covering a dangerous beat . It was a job his friends believe cost him his life . Local reporters now look at the killing as the first of many targeting journalists for their work . Since 2000 , 74 journalists have been killed in Mexico -- 14 since 2010 . On the third anniversary of his death , his newsroom colleagues gathered Sunday to pay tribute and "  remember Choco ... friend , journalist , family man and a great man , " the paper 's editorial assistant Pedro Torres said at the public event . His colleagues criticized the investigation into his unsolved killing , saying it is an example of the hundreds of unsolved murders throughout the city -- widely considered to be one of the most violent in the world . Sandra Rodriguez Nieto , an El Diario reporter , said she believes that someone is "  hiding those responsible " for Rodriguez 's death . It 's a charge prosecutors with the Chihuahua State Attorney General 's Office have denied . Early in the investigation they announced the detention of a suspect in the shooting , but never released details about who they held . The lack of information led to speculation among El Diario 's newspaper staff that there was a cover up . Making matters more complicated were attacks on the investigators working on the case . In July 2009 , a convoy carrying JosÃ © Ibarra LimÃ ³ n , the first federal prosecutor designated to Rodriguez 's case , was riddled with bullets by unknown assailants . The following August , Pasillas Paul Fong , the secretary of the Seventh Agency who would inherit the case , was executed . Days later , a third investigator took the case , only to flee Juarez soon afterward . "  This is a situation that hurts , an unacceptable situation , " Torres said . Of the five publications in Juarez , El Diario de Juarez is the most popular paper in terms of circulation and has made a reputation for aggressively covering drug violence . In September 2010 , two of the paper 's photographers were attacked -- one was killed . A clear motive was never established , but investigators at the time did note the car carrying the two young journalists was registered to the son of the inspector of the State Human Rights Commission , Gustavo de la Rosa Hickerson . Some believe the journalists were not the intended targets of the attack . On the same day friends and family buried the slain photographer , the newspaper published an open letter to the drug cartels operating in Juarez . The letter , written by the editorial staff , pleaded for an end to violence against journalists . No newspaper in Juarez had ever published an editorial directly addressed to the cartels ; and no other paper has done so since . "  You are , at present , the de facto authorities in this city , " the letter said , "  because the legal institutions have not been able to keep our colleagues from dying . " In the wake of Rodriguez 's death , del Carmen Sosa said she has no fear and was ready to take full responsibility for her work , even if it means death . She said she operates under the same mantra as her predecessor . "  Unlike Armando Luis Carlos  Rodriquez  , I 'm alive , " del Carmen Sosa said . "  I try to be responsible with my journalism and I have no fear . " In 2010 , she was presented with an award for her courageous reporting . "  I can only thank God every day ... because we need justice not only for Armando but for all the homicides in this city , " she said .	Since 2000 , 74 journalists have been killed in Mexico -- 14 since 2010 Mexican journalist Armando Rodriguez dies in 2008 There are questions about the investigation of his death Other journalists pledge to continue to report about drug cartels
CNN  -- A crane atop a luxury Manhattan skyscraper under construction partly collapsed Monday , leaving its arm precariously perched and hanging over West 57th Street . New York police and fire crews were on the scene , and part of the street had been closed off as a precaution , according to Detective Martin Speechley of the New York Police Department . Video : Watch the crane swing precariously The New York Office of Emergency Management on Monday afternoon asked all occupants of upper floors in buildings near the site of the collapse to evacuate to lower floors . The evacuation zone expanded later Monday , covering all buildings north and south of 57th Street , between Sixth and Seventh avenues , in addition to buildings on 56th Street , according to New York Fire Department spokesman Michael Parrella . As of Monday evening , Le Parker Meridien hotel , on West 56th Street between Sixth and Seventh avenues , was being evacuated . Guests were being moved to another hotel , according to a concierge at Le Parker Meridien . Streets turn to rivers , residents trapped in homes One57 , the skyscraper under construction , is offering some of the most expensive apartments in New York , with a penthouse there recently closing for more than $ 90 million , according to The New York Times . "  At approximately 2:35 p.m. today , the One57 tower crane boom became damaged by the high winds of Hurricane Sandy , " according to Mary Costello , senior vice president for Lend Lease , the property group managing the site . "  The hurricane storm winds have pushed the crane boom over the cab section of the high-rise crane at One 57th Street , " The city has been experience gusts up to 60 mph , according to CNN meteorologists . Sandy claims ` Bounty ' off North Carolina "  We are working with structural engineers and the DOB  New York City 's Department of Buildings  on evaluating any additional measures that can be taken to secure the boom and crane structure . Current weather and wind conditions remain very severe , " she added . The Department of Buildings on Sunday issued guidance that all cranes needed to be secured ahead of the brunt of superstorm Sandy . It was not immediately clear whether that guidance was followed at One57 . Costello said the crane was last inspected Friday . Follow the latest on the storm at CNN.com 's live blog CNN 's Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley and Logan Burruss contributed to this report .	NEW : Collapsed blamed on superstorm Sandy Evacuation zone widens ; Le Parker Meridien hotel evacuated Construction crane dangles over West 57th Street in Manhattan
CNN  -- When Brazilian ace Neymar signed with Barcelona in May , observers wondered if he could develop a potent partnership with four-time player of the year Lionel Messi . So far , so good for the tandem . Neymar scored his first league goal and set up Messi as Barcelona defeated Champions League side Real Sociedad 4-1 to maintain its perfect record in Spain 's La Liga through six matches . Neymar has now logged at least one assist in four straight league games -- and three times Messi has been the grateful beneficiary . Messi particularly likes playing against Sociedad , too , netting every time he has faced them at the Camp Nou since Sociedad earned promotion in 2010 . And a few days after Barcelona had less possession than the opposition for the first time in more than five years , order was restored -- Gerardo Martino 's men enjoyed 71 percent of the ball . Real Sociedad , now winless in the league since the opening weekend , struck the crossbar in the second minute but it was mostly one-way traffic at the other end thereafter . Neymar bundled home the opener in the fifth minute , taking advantage of some indecision by keeper Claudio Bravo , and Messi 's diving header from Neymar 's floated cross doubled the advantage in the eighth minute . Messi could have had a hat-trick within 40 minutes but he hit the crossbar from close range -- holding midfielder Sergio Busquets scored from outside the box seconds later for only his fifth league goal in five years -- and failed to connect cleanly after Barcelona cut open the Sociedad defense . Messi then almost scored from another Neymar pass but saw his effort blocked . The Argentine , following a typically driving run , pulled his jersey over his head after he blazed over the bar in the 52nd . Alberto de la Bella pulled a goal back in the 64th minute but defender Marc Bartra -- replacing the injured Javier Mascherano -- restored the three-goal lead in the 77th with Messi 's help . Difficult for Dortmund It has n't been the best of weeks for Borussia Dortmund . The Champions League finalist lost its opener in the European competition to Napoli last Wednesday and dropped its first points in the Bundesliga on Saturday . And Dortmund needed extra time to see off second-tier 1860 Munich 2-0 in the German Cup on Tuesday despite fielding a starting lineup that included Robert Lewandowski , Marco Reus and Henrik Mkhitaryan . Dortmund , mind you , did register almost 40 shots , compared to 1860 's two in Munich , and struck the bar four times . Substitute Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored from the penalty spot -- Dominik Stahl fouled Reus and was sent off -- before fellow summer signing Mkhitaryan made it 2-0 to book Dortmund 's spot in the last 16 .	Barcelona maintains its perfect record in Spain 's La Liga by beating Real Sociedad 4-1 Neymar scored one and set up Lionel Messi as the dream pairing clicked at the Camp Nou Sergio Busquets and substitute Marc Bartra scored the other goals for Barcelona Borussia Dortmund needs extra time to see off second-tier 1860 Munich in the German Cup
CNN  -- From a small apartment in Toronto , Iranian exile Saeed Valadbaygi is trying to bring news from his country to the world . Using a network of Iranian journalists and eager volunteers back in Tehran , the 27-year-old former student collates reports , pictures and video for his Web site astreetjournalist.com . Having fled Iran following the June demonstrations , Valadbaygi set up the site in November -- his latest attempt to beat what he says are government hackers and offer news and views about the unrest in Iran . With international media operating under restrictions in Iran , independent journalists using blogs and social networking sites have become an important source of information . "  What 's happening in Iran is not being reflected globally . We want to let the world know and let the state know that the world is watching , " said Valadbaygi . During the deadly street demonstrations in Tehran on December 27 , Valadbaygi said his web site had 17 million hits in two days . The site , which is maintained by about 12 volunteers , wobbled and slowed down , but stayed up and running . "  We 've already experienced a large number of viewers on our blogs and web sites and therefore we have been hacked by the regime of Iran repeatedly and unfortunately have lost access to many of our web sites . But introducing this web site  to  professional colleagues and also lots of viewers who are currently collaborating with us has helped in achieving wonderful results in the past few days . " Valadbaygi believes in the power of social media . He is active on Facebook and Twitter and maintains a blog called Revolutionary Road . "  Facebook and Twitter have turned into a strong tool for people in spreading news . Citizen journalists have the most effect on news and today we clearly see that each citizen in Iran is acting as a media . Therefore we have the responsibility in gathering the news in one place to achieve a better result against the regime 's censorship , " he said . Valadbaygi , who says he was expelled in 2008 from Amirkabir University in Tehran because of his political views , took part in the June protests and distributed underground newspapers as an independent demonstrator , rather than a supporter of opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi . Deciding that he needed to leave Iran to pursue his politics , he says he went first to Turkey before arriving in Canada as a "  political refugee " and quickly connecting with an ex-pat Iranian community in Toronto . He now works long hours collating information for his web site . Meanwhile , Valadbaygi worries about his parents , brother and sister in Tehran . He says his brother was recently arrested . He communicates with his family using multiple email accounts while his parents use public phones to minimize the risk of the call being traced . And he acknowledges that his network of correspondents in Iran , which he says is spreading to cities beyond Tehran , contact him in the full knowledge that they could attract the attention of the authorities . "  They could track the IP addresses and this could cause problems in the workplace or university . " Valadbaygi says eight of the people he has worked with in the past are currently in jail . Assessing the latest street demonstrations , Valadbaygi says the protest movement is fragmented with diverse demands but there is a groundswell of public opinion that wants a new secular government . "  It 's important that a leadership emerges as quickly as possible otherwise it might all die down . "	Exile 's network is getting news out of Iran and onto the Internet In two days after December 27 violence , he said he had 17 million hits Saeed Valadbaygi left Iran after taking part in protests in June He acknowledges journalists , bloggers take risks in contacting him
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Chinese authorities ordered beefed-up safety measures at the nation 's ports after a pipeline explosion spewed crude oil into the Yellow Sea , state media reported Friday . Ports will be required to perform checks and remove safety hazards ahead of loading , unloading or transporting oil and other hazardous chemical products , the transport ministry said in a notice on its website , according to the Xinhua news agency . China 's major ports have been ordered to complete safety evaluations by the end of the year . A state investigation has found that improper desulfurizer injections caused the oil pipeline explosion in the northeastern port city of Dalian , Xinhua said . Two pipelines exploded July 16 at Dalian Xingang Port , causing China 's biggest oil spill in recent history . Workers have been scrambling to prevent the 430-square-kilometer oil slick from further spreading into the ocean . The blast occurred as workers were injecting desulfurizer into the pipeline after a 300,000-ton Libyan tanker had finished unloading its oil , a state investigation found , said Xinhua . The desulfurizer , used to remove impurities from crude , was strongly oxidizing , the investigation found . The incident is still under investigation . The accident dumped 1,500 tons of crude and caused an oil slick on the Yellow Sea that has stretched to about 430 square kilometers  165 square miles  , officials have said . That is still a fraction of the 2,700 square miles of the BP spill in the Gulf of Mexico . About 800 boats equipped with oil absorbers and dispersants have been dispatched . And crews are dumping 30 tons of oil-eating bacteria daily . Ship traffic at Dalian , China 's second-largest port for crude oil imports , was limited to avoid interference with the cleanup efforts , Xinhua has reported . And fishing , a major industry in the area , has been banned until the end of the summer . Beijing was optimistic that the cleanup would be complete by Friday but analysts argue it may take months . CNN 's Emily Chang contributed to this report .	An injection of desulfurizer is blamed for the explosion The desulfurizer is strongly oxidizing Workers are scrambling to prevent the spread of oil in the Yellow Sea
CNN  -- A German tourist was in critical condition after a shark severed her right arm while she snorkeled in Hawaii on Wednesday , authorities said . The approximately 20-year-old woman , who was unconscious when first responders arrived , was taken to Maui Medical Center for treatment , according Lee Mainaga with the Maui Fire Department . Shark found on New York subway car The attack took place about 50 yards offshore at White Rock beach in Maui . The beach has been closed one mile on either side of where the attack happened . Officials will assess on Thursday morning whether the beach can be reopened . Shark attack claims Brazilian teen 's life This shark attack is the fourth in Maui this year , with two happening on the same day in February , and the other in late July . While shark attacks have been on the uptick in recent years , according to the University of Florida , the fatality rate in the United States is just 2 % . Discovery Channel defends dramatized shark special Best places to swim with sharks	This is the fourth shark attack in Maui this year It took place about 50 yards offshore Officials will decide Thursday if the beach can reopen
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A spate of suicides at France Telecom has put the spotlight on workplace stress and the devastating impact it can have on employees . France Telecom employees protest against work conditions following a colleague 's suicide . There have been 24 suicides and 13 attempted suicides among France Telecom 's 100,000 employees since the beginning of 2008 . Labor unions blame restructuring and poor working conditions for creating a climate of stress . Last week a 51-year old father of two jumped to his death from a bridge . He was reported to have left a letter blaming his death on the "  atmosphere " at work , according to media reports . The deputy chief executive of France Telecom Monday resigned in the wake of the staff suicides . Louis-Pierre Wenes said in a message to staff : "  Despite the hard edge of the technological and economic fight , especially in our business , nothing can justify men and women putting an end to their lives . Today , like before , I can not accept it . " Patricia Pegg Jones is health and well-being program leader at the Work Foundation . She told CNN that the economic downturn has increased pressures on employees . "  In the current recession people have less control ; there 's more uncertainty and a lack of security , " she said . She told CNN there is evidence that workers are more likely to suffer from stress in the recession and also a higher incidence of "  presenteeism " -- when employees go to work despite being unwell . Pegg Jones says that a lack of workplace autonomy can also impact employees ' health , with research showing that workers who have less control over their work are more likely to be ill . She said employers can help workers in times of uncertainty by being open and communicating effectively with them , explaining what changes are in store . "  Employers have to recognize that people take changes differently ; some people can deal with the uncertainty and other people undergo a paralysis , " she told CNN . "  It 's important to recognize that workers do n't all respond the same way to restructuring and the impact of recession . " Stress is one workplace hazard that can be detrimental to employees ' health , but working too hard can be just as dangerous . In Japan , deaths among overworked employees are so common there is even a word to describe the phenomenon -- "  karoshi , " or "  death from overwork . " Toshiro Ueyanagi is a lawyer specializing in cases of "  karoshi . " He told CNN that most deaths related to overwork are from heart attacks and strokes , and that overwork can also result in mental illness . Ueyanagi says it can be hard to prove that a death is the result of overwork and while the Japanese government recognized 377 cases of "  karoshi " last year , he believes the number could be closer to 10,000 . "  I think there are two reasons why "  karoshi " is prevalent in Japan -- a hard-working tradition and very weak laws and regulation in the workplace , " he told CNN . Ueyanagi says the word "  karoshi " came into common use around 1990 , when Japanese workers began working longer hours in response to competition from overseas and in response to the recession at the time . He adds that despite increased awareness of the dangers of overwork , de-regulation and increased global competition mean that Japanese workers are working harder than ever . "  Some workers have lost their jobs and workers who remain in the workplace have to work harder than before , " he told CNN . In July 2008 a Japanese labor bureau ruled that a Toyota employee died from heart disease caused by overwork . His wife 's lawyers said that in the two months leading up to his death he averaged over 80 hours of overtime per month . Ueyanagi says that in recent years there have been cases of "  karoshi " among Japanese women , especially those working as schoolteachers and middle managers . As well as representing victims ' families in "  karoshi " cases , Ueyanagi has established a "  karoshi " hotline , which receives between 400 and 500 calls each year from families seeking compensation and people asking how to prevent "  karoshi " or deal with stress . But there are personal reasons behind Ueyanagi 's crusade against "  karoshi . " "  I think my father died from cancer because he was too busy to see a doctor , " he told CNN . "  It 's one reason why I take this phenomenon seriously . "	24 suicides among France Telecom employees since the beginning of 2008 Recession means there is more chance of workers suffering from stress In Japan there are more than 300 annual cases of "  death from overwork "
