CNN  -- CNN gave you the chance to pitch your questions to Team USA 's goalkeeper Tim Howard recently and now he has answered . The U.S. are hopeful of glory in South Africa where English Premier League star Howard will be helping his team do battle against England , Algeria and Slovenia in World Cup Group C. Play the video at the top of the page to find out what motivates Howard ahead of the South Africa tournament , whether the goalkeeper thinks the form of his side from the Confederations Cup can be continued and if there is "  smack-talk " between the Everton teammates who are Africa-bound . The 31-year-old also tells CNN 's Pedro Pinto about his thoughts regarding a move back to Major League Soccer  MLS  and which striker he fears most in the world . Born in North Brunswick , New Jersey former Manchester United goalkeeper Howard has won 29 caps for USA . Having replaced France 's Fabien Barthez at Old Trafford , 6 ' 2 " Howard moved to Everton in February 2007 for $ 4.67 million where he has now made 138 appearances . USA finished top of the CONCACAF qualifying group -- where Howard 's former Everton teammate Landon Donovan set a new USA record for World Cup qualifying goals scored by contributing to his side 's 2-1 win against Honduras . He scored in the away game against Honduras to seal a 3-2 victory and secure a place at the World Cup finals . This is now USA 's sixth consecutive World Cup finals appearance and many are expecting the side to go far .	Tim Howard has now made over 135 appearances for English Premier League side Everton This summer will see USA 's sixth consecutive World Cup finals appearance Send your questions to this stars of English and American football
New York  CNN  -- An apparent dispute over housing ended with an 86-year-old New York man shooting his grandson and killing his grandson 's girlfriend before fatally shooting himself , a law enforcement source said Saturday . Police were still trying to sort out what led Heriberto Pagan to drive from his home in Brooklyn to his daughter 's Staten Island house Friday and shoot two people before taking his own life . A law enforcement source said investigators were looking into the possibility that the grandson "  was trying to take over " the home with his girlfriend and Pagan "  was n't appreciative of the way " his daughter was being treated in the process . It was not clear whether the daughter was at home at the time . Police found Pagan , a gunshot wound to the head , outside his car Friday evening near the home where the shootings occurred . He was hospitalized in critical condition , but died Saturday morning , police said . In the vicinity , police were alerted to another shooting victim , Pagan 's 47-year-old grandson , who was critically injured with a gunshot wound to the head and found outside the Staten Island house where he lived with his mother and girlfriend . The grandson has not been identified . Inside the house , police found a second victim , Claritle Christina Huerta , 28 , also shot in the head . She was pronounced dead at a local hospital . "  This is like a nightmare , " neighbor John Rina told CNN affiliate WCBS . Police said Pagan shot his grandson as the younger man approached the house . He then shot Huerta inside before driving a few blocks and shooting himself , authorities said . "  I just heard a man screaming ` help me , help me , ' " a neighbor , not identified , told WCBS . A 4-month-old boy was found unharmed in the home and placed in the care of child welfare authorities , police said . "  There -LSB- were -RSB- a lot of problems in that house , I could say , but it never really exploded the way it -LSB- did -RSB- today , " an unidentified neighbor told CNN affiliate NY1 News . "  This is actually probably a buildup to everything that 's been happening for ... years . " Teen cop killers likely turned gun on selves	Heriberto Pagan , 86 , shot his grandson and killed his grandson 's girlfriend , police say The shooting may have been triggered by housing dispute , a law enforcement source says Pagan fatally shot himself in the head after the double shooting
CNN  -- England coach Roy Hodgson has overlooked experienced international Rio Ferdinand for a second time after electing to call up Liverpool defender Martin Kelly as a replacement for the injured Gary Cahill . Chelsea 's Cahill suffered a double jaw fracture in England 's 1-0 win over Belgium on Saturday , but instead of turning to Ferdinand , who has 81 caps , Hodgson drafted in Kelly -- who only made his international debut last month . When Hodgson named his 23-man Euro 2012 squad last month he said he omitted the 33-year-old for "  footballing reasons , " having been asked if it was because of John Terry 's impending court case for allegedly abusing Ferdinand 's younger brother Anton . Manchester United 's Ferdinand used his official Twitter account on Sunday to say , "  What reasons ?????!!! " His agent Jamie Moralee released a statement accusing Hodgson of a "  lack of respect " for the center back . "  Rio 's very disappointed , " said Moralee . "  He thought he had done enough . It 's very difficult to accept . "  This is a player with 81 caps for his country . I do n't know anyone who understands it . It 's not been handled in the right way . " England 's preparations have been overshadowed by Chelsea captain Terry 's trial , which takes place after the June 8-July 1 tournament in Poland and Ukraine . Terry denies the charges . Terry and Ferdinand have been England 's preferred defensive pairing in recent years , but while the former will travel to the team 's base in Krakow this week , the latter 's international career now appears to be over . Cahill joined clubmate Frank Lampard in withdrawing from the squad , with the veteran midfielder ruled out last week due to a thigh injury . Manchester City midfielder Gareth Barry also misses out with a groin injury . France coach Laurent Blanc also faces injury worries ahead of the opening Group D match against England in the Ukrainian city of Donetsk on June 11 . Rennes midfielder Yann M'Vila is struggling to be fit after picking up an ankle sprain during Thursday 's 2-0 win over Serbia , which the French Football Federation described as "  moderately serious . " However , Germany midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has recovered from a calf injury and the Bayern Munich star was due to fly out to the 2008 finalists ' tournament base in Gdansk on Monday . Croatia striker Ivica Olic has been ruled out with a hamstring injury , and coach Slaven Bilic has replaced him with Nikola Kalinic of Ukrainian club Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk .	England coach Roy Hodgson overlooks defender Rio Ferdinand for a second time Hodgson calls up Liverpool 's Martin Kelly as a replacement for the injured Gary Cahill France midfielder Yann M'Vila struggling to be fit for their match with England on June 9 Germany 's Bastian Schweinsteiger is fit to travel with his teammates on Monday
CNN  -- Frank Welker 's name may not immediately ring a bell to you , but you almost certainly know his voice . He 's acted in nearly 700 films and television shows . From Fred in "  Scooby Doo " to Ray in "  The Real Ghostbusters " to the most recent "  Garfield " -- if it 's an animated show , there 's a very good chance you 'll hear Welker 's work  he also specializes in animals , like "  Aladdin 's " Abu  . He can currently be heard reprising his memorable role as the evil Megatron on "  Transformers Prime , " with his old friend , Peter Cullen , who plays one of the most noble characters ever created , Optimus Prime . Cullen was also a mainstay of 1980s animation , in roles such as Venger in "  Dungeons & Dragons . " Welker and Cullen make their living as voice actors and it 's not easy to forget , as the pair of them often break into voices like John Wayne , Peter Lorre and Jabberjaw , one of Welker 's favorites . However , more and more A-list actors are joining the voice-over club over the last 20 years . It 's even gotten to the point where Chris Rock , star of the "  Madagascar " franchise , took the opportunity of presenting an animation Oscar to quip about how "  easy " it is to do voice work . Rock joked that all he had to do was say the lines , "  And then they give me a million dollars . "  No less than Danny DeVito took issue with that characterization . Voice actor Seth MacFarlane -- creator of "  Family Guy , " "  American Dad " and "  The Cleveland Show " -- is enough of an A-lister to host both "  Saturday Night Live " and next year 's Oscars . So how has the world of voice acting changed since Welker and Cullen 's early days  besides the fact that a show like "  Mighty Man and Yukk , " their first job together , probably would n't get made today  ? "  The technology has changed a lot , " Welker told CNN . "  You see the CGI animation is so pretty and you could do a lot more with it than our old flat animation which I still like , of course . Watching those shows absolutely blows me away on an HD screen . You see so much more detail . It gives the actor more opportunity to bend your voice and be more subtle . " Cullen said , "  The respect level  for voice acting  is climbing and climbing faster than it ever did before in the last few years . The studios are recognizing they do n't have to hire a big name actor . People do n't know the difference in most cases . They 're finding they can take a chance with talent and accomplish the same thing . " Welker also noted that the Internet has made a big difference , and made it easier for fans to follow particular voice actors . "  In the old days doing the show , we never got one piece of fan mail , " he said . "  We had no idea there was an audience out there . The only way to tell there was some interest was if we got picked up for another season -- oh , somebody liked us . " Crispin Freeman became a voice actor in 1997 , just at the time when animation attracting A-listers was going strong . He 's best known for his work dubbing Japanese anime like "  Howl 's Moving Castle " and most recently Cartoon Network 's "  Young Justice . " Cartoon Network is owned CNN 's parent company . "  Voice actors have always been quite popular in Japan , but American culture is now becoming more aware of the artistic contribution of voice actors because of the swell in popularity of video games and animated films , " he said . "  Not only have both mediums been expanding their market penetration in America in recent years , but the maturity of the storytelling in each medium has grown as well , " Freeman said . "  This attracts an older audience that is more curious about the performers behind their favorite animation or video game character . It seems that as we see a convergence of film , animation and video games , American audiences will become more and more aware of the importance of voice acting . " Patrick Seitz has a slightly different perspective . He got into voicing even more recently , in 2000 , and is mostly involved with the world of video game voice work , as well as anime . "  I do n't know if voice acting is more respected , per se , but I do think it 's a higher profile pursuit than it was in decades past , " he said . "  Games progressing to the point where they can be fully voiced has opened a whole new sphere of awareness and fandom , and ever since the animated feature films got the idea to fill their casts with celebrities  for better or for worse  , they 've never looked back . " But he certainly agrees with Cullen and Welker that online fandom for voice actors has been a game changer . "  It 's amazing how completely some of the fans have sussed out our vocal fingerprint , so to speak . I 've had folks identify me based on nothing more than a roar . "	You may not recognize their faces , but some voice actors are working steadily One of the most famous , Seth MacFarlane recently hosted "  Saturday Night Live " Actors say the Internet has helped to grow their fan base
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Dry conditions and strong winds in California left much of the state vulnerable to massive fires , with blaze-starters ranging from a cooking fire at a drug trafficking operation to a bird flying into a power line . Drop in humidity , high temperatures could hamper efforts to contain the Lockheed Fire in Santa Cruz County . "  It really goes to show you that it does n't take much with these dry conditions to start a fire , " CalFire spokesman Daniel Berlant told CNN Sunday . The fire sparked by a bird hitting a power line ignited a series of blazes in Yuba County , forcing some 1,300 firefighters to the scene and officials to declare evacuations in the town of Dobbins , he said . Authorities have battled the Yuba fire since Friday and expect containment by Thursday . In Southern California 's Santa Barbara County , a weeklong blaze has charred more than 84,000 acres , investigators said . The fire originated at an illegal marijuana camp believed to be run by a Mexican drug organization , the Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Narcotics Unit said in a news release Saturday night . "  I have n't heard of any other fire starting that way , " said U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Carol Underhill , referring to the so-called La Brea Fire . More than 2,000 firefighters are fighting the blaze , which is 35 percent contained , authorities said . Some homes around the Los Padres National Forest have been evacuated . Narcotics investigators have secured the area after working for the past month to eradicate marijuana operations in the remote and steep terrain , the release said . "  It is also believed that the suspects are still within the San Rafael wilderness trying to leave the area on foot , " officials said . Twenty firefighters sustained minor injuries while trying to contain a complex of smaller fires in Northern California 's Shasta County that have burned nearly at least 17,623 acres , authorities said . Watch fire in Santa Cruz Mountains " CalFire spokesman Brent Saulsbury said 37 of the 40 fires -- known as the Shasta Lightning Complex -- are under control . The area is dense with timber , giving the fires serious fuel . Rugged terrain , limited access to fire trucks and the length of time it takes to reach wildfires have hindered firefighters in recent days , he said . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Blaze-starters include cooking fire at drug trafficking camp , bird flying into power line CalFire spokesman : "  It does n't take much with these dry conditions to start a fire " Thousand of firefighters battle blazes in steep terrain across the state
CNN  -- Having just quit a highly lucrative job with tech giant Microsoft in the United States , where he 'd made millions working as a program manager , Patrick Awuah would wake up once in a while wondering if he 'd done the right thing . "  And then I read the words of Goethe , " remembers Awuah : "  Whatever you can do or dream you can , begin it . Boldness has genius , power and magic in it -- begin it now . " What Awuah wanted to begin was to create a university in his native Ghana , a state-of-the-art education hub that would help educate the country 's next generation of leaders . Inspired by the saying of the famous German writer , Awuah moved with his family back to Ghana . There , he invested his own money and with the help of other donors he founded Ashesi University . "  Africa needs to have a renaissance , " says Awuah , as he explains what drove him to take the risky decision . "  The world needs to change in this way and I strongly believe that people like me who have had the privilege of a great education need to be part of the solution ; that I need to be really actively involved in helping to drive this change in Africa so that 30 , 50 years from now , the world will be a different place for all people of African descent in the world . " Fostering leaders Located about an hour 's drive from the capital Accra , Ashesi , which appropriately translates to "  beginning , " is the first Ghanaian university to combine technical majors with a liberal arts approach . Its vibrant campus , set on 100 acres in a town called Berekuso , was designed to be inspiring for the more than 500 young Ghanaians studying there . Read this : Building a network of leaders And while Ashesi has already come a long way -- when the school first opened in 2002 there was no campus , just a couple of rented buildings for its 30 students -- Awuah plans to expand his offering as part of his dream of finding and developing Africa 's next problem solvers . "  In this country , only 5 % of college-age kids go to college , " he says . "  And there 's two problems with that number : one is it 's too small , but the second is that everyone who goes to college by definition is going to be running this country one day , the 5 % -- they 're going to be running the courts , they 're going to be designing roads and buildings and infrastructure , they 're going to be running the hospitals , the schools , the businesses . "  So when I look at universities I see Africa fast-forward 30 years . When this 20-year-old is now in his or her 50s , that person is going to be a leader . And so I felt that engaging how that leadership , that future leadership core , is educated could be catalytic . " Tough decisions Awuah , who grew up in Accra , left Ghana in 1985 to pursue his own education in the United States . There , he got a job at Microsoft , spearheading software design for dial-up internet access , making millions in the process . He admits that quitting Microsoft was not an easy decision and credits his American wife for supporting him . "  I wo n't lie to you -- it was tough , " says Awuah . "  But I can tell you that when I mentioned this idea to my wife , she immediately agreed , " he adds . "  She 'd never been to Africa before she met me and part of her conviction that this sounded like a good idea and her willingness to go ahead with it was very encouraging . " Read this : South Africa 's outspoken educator Committed to providing greater education opportunities in Ghana , he went back to school himself , earning a Master 's degree at Berkeley , one of the world 's top business schools . For his efforts , he 's won many awards . Changing the continent Today Ashesi , which celebrates its 10th anniversary this year , offers degrees in business , information systems and computer science , with plans to offer engineering and economics majors in the near future . Its graduation rate is between 70 and 90 % , according to Awuah . Total fees costs $ 9,000 a year , including tuition , housing and meals . Awuah says the university brings together a diverse mix of students from different backgrounds , including scholarship-winning undergraduates from humble beginnings who are the first in their families to attend college . Read this : Young innovators can change how world sees Africa "  Our last freshman class , 50 % of that class paid full tuition , 25 % were on full scholarships and 25 % on partial scholarships , " he says . "  The reason why diversity 's so important is that the most important conversation on campus is a conversation about the good society -- what is the good society we would like to see in Africa ? ' That conversation is a lot more interesting if you have diversity in the classroom , " adds Awuah . "  Because each person has an important perspective to share , but each person also has certain blinders that need to be peeled away -- that can be peeled away if they 're in a room with others who have other perspectives as they do . " Looking ahead , Awuah says he hopes Africa 's universities will cultivate a new generation of bold and innovative leaders , helping the continent to transform itself . "  If you come back in 30 years , universities will be competing for the best and brightest students , " he says . "  I hope that universities will also be competing on things such as whose students are the most ethical , " he adds . " If that happens , it will change the continent . "	Patrick Awuah is the founder of Ashesi University in Ghana He was working for Microsoft and made millions in the United States before returning to his home country Ashesi is known for its high-tech facilities and emphasis on business , technology and leadership The school celebrates its 10th anniversary this year
Roma captain Francesco Totti set a new Serie A scoring record on Saturday as his side demolished Cesena 5-1 . Two early goals from the 35-year-old striker saw him reach a total of 211 goals for Roma , which means he has scored more goals for one club than any other player in Serie A history . His tally sees him surpass the previous record of 210 set by the prolific Swedish striker Gunnar Nordahl who played for AC Milan in the 1950s . "  It 's what I 've always wanted , to wear this shirt and beat one record after another , " said Totti , AFP reported . "  I 've overtaken Nordahl and I 'm proud of that . Now I 'm aiming for Altafini , " he added , AFP reported . Brazilian Jose Altafini is the joint third highest scorer  along with Giuseppe Meazza  in Serie A history with 216 goals . Totti 's early brace and a goal from Fabio Borini put Roma 3-0 up with only eight minutes played . Juan and Miralem Pjanic added further goals in the second half after CM Eder had pulled a goal back for Cesena on the hour mark . The win lifts Roma to sixth -- although Napoli will overtake them again if they win at Siena on Sunday -- and boosts their chances of qualifying for European football next season . Cesena , however , remain mired in trouble hovering just above the foot of the table in 18th place with 15 points . Juventus ' 2-0 win over Atalanta sees them maintain their advantage at the top of Serie A over their nearest rivals AC Milan  who play Novara on Sunday  and Udinese  who host Catania  . Stephan Lichtsteiner opened the scoring after 55 minutes before substitute Emanuele Giaccherini made sure of the three points nine minutes from the final whistle . Meanwhile in La Liga , Espanyol moved up to fifth place with a 3-0 win over struggling Granada on Saturday . Jose Baena headed home their first goal from a set piece in the 26th minute before Joan Verdu doubled the lead from the penalty spot moments before halftime . The home side did n't kill off a spirited Granada until ten minutes from time when Portuguese substitute Rui Fonte scored from close range to seal the three points . Getafe enjoyed a 2-1 away to Racing Santander with goals from Jaime Gavilan  26th minute  and Nicolas Miku  83rd minute  after Christian Stuani had given the home side the lead in the 14th minute . Atletico Madrid 's long wait for an away win in the league is over after an emphatic 4-0 win at Real Sociedad . Radamel Falcao scored a hat-trick with Adrian netting Atletico 's other goal . The Seville derby between Real Betis and Sevilla ended with honors even . A superb free kick from Benat gave the home side the lead in 26th minute , but Alvaro Negredo leveled the scores before half-time with a header . Sevilla had to play the final quarter of the match with 10-men after defender Federico Fazio was sent off , but clung on for the draw . In Sunday 's fixtures , Barcelona travel to Malaga while Real Madrid host Athletic Bilbao . Third-place Valencia are away to Osasuna . Fourth-place Levante take on bottom-of-the-table Real Zaragoza .	Francesco Totti scores 210th and 211th goals for Roma to set Serie A scoring record Juventus beat Atalanta 2-0 to maintain grip on top spot Espanyol beat Granada 3-0 ; Atletico Madrid thump Real Sociedad 4-0
CNN  -- This is n't a real-life recreation of "  Armageddon . " There 's no clear and present threat to Earth . But NASA says it 's working on plans to send astronauts into space to land on an asteroid . The NASA mission is n't planned to take place until the 2020s . That is n't stopping astronauts from simulating an asteroid landing in a 40-foot-deep swimming pool at a Space Center in Houston . "  We 're working on the techniques and tools we might use someday to explore a small asteroid that was captured from an orbit around the sun and brought back by a robotic spacecraft to orbit around the moon , " said Stan Love , one of the astronauts participating in the tests . Testing tools "  When it 's there , we can send people there to take samples and take a look at it up close , " he said . "  That 's our main task ; we 're looking at tools we 'd use for that , how we 'd take those samples . " Love and his colleague Steve Bowen , who between them have clocked up more than 62 hours on real spacewalks , took a dip in the swimming pool at NASA 's Johnson Space Center last week to practice climbing out of a mockup of the Orion spacecraft onto a fake asteroid . Being underwater creates the lack of gravity that allows astronauts to practice walking in space . The two men were working with engineers to try out tools that might be used , like a pneumatic hammer , as well as the type of spacesuit that might be worn on the asteroid . Searching for targets NASA says it 's already trying to pick out an asteroid that a robotic mission could reach , capture and bring into an orbit around the moon . Astronauts would then travel on the Orion spacecraft to explore the asteroid and collect samples . Material from the asteroid 's core could contain information about the age and formation of the solar system . The agency says the approach "  makes good use of capabilities NASA already has , while also advancing a number of technologies needed for longer-term plans : sending humans to Mars in the 2030s . " Astronomers find first asteroid with rings Study : Solar system full of ` rogue ' asteroids	NASA wants to land astronauts on an asteroid in the 2020s Its strategy is to capture an asteroid and put it in orbit around the moon Two astronauts have been simulating an asteroid landing at a space center Rock samples from an asteroid may garner information about the solar system
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- World champion Jorge Lorenzo has told CNN that he has a difficult relationship with his former teammate , motorcycling legend Valentino Rossi . The Spaniard usurped the seven-time MotoGP titleholder last season , setting records for most wins and points scored as Rossi struggled to recover after a series of injuries . The 23-year-old Lorenzo accused Rossi , now 32 , of dangerous riding in Japan last October before clinching his maiden crown in Malaysia in the following race . The Italian subsequently ended his seven-year stint at Yamaha , where he and Lorenzo had been awkward stablemates since 2008 , and joined Ducati . "  I think it was a problem of character , " Lorenzo told CNN World Sport 's Pedro Pinto in an exclusive interview in Barcelona . "  We had a very tough character , really strong . We just did n't ... have a feeling . "  Look , I do n't have any personal problems with the riders I 'm competing with . I believe you can be friends with a rider while you are fighting for the championship . I do n't have any friends , but I believe in it ! " Despite their problems , Lorenzo said he did not expect Rossi to join Ducati , replacing Casey Stoner -- who moved to the Italian 's first team Honda . Ducati have been off the pace since Stoner won his and the team 's first and only world title in 2007 . "  I was a bit surprised , because it 's a big challenge for him , but I also would think if I was in his position , it could be a really interesting challenge , no ? " Lorenzo said . "  Because Ducati being an Italian brand ... it 's really difficult , but for them it 's a nice idea . " The Mallorcan became only the second Spaniard to win the world title in motorcycling 's elite class , but admits he was a little underwhelmed at the time . "  This happens always in life . When you like a girl , you have obsession for the girl , you want to be with this girl and when you finally are with this girl , you think ` That is it ? Not anything more ? ' "  With the world title , it 's the same . You imagine , you dream a lot about this ; when it happens , then you think , ` It 's only this ? ' But then , after a few hours , when you are more calm , when you are alone , with your friends , with the people who are more close to you , then you start to realize how important the thing you got is . " Stoner strikes first blow of 2011 MotoGP season Lorenzo was named Spain 's sportsman of the year and later met King Juan Carlos , but is still coming to terms with his newfound celebrity status . "  When I was n't famous , I wanted to achieve that because it 's cool , no ? But when it happens , every time you go to a restaurant you have to stop your meal to take a picture . When you are going to a discotheque it 's impossible to dance , it 's impossible to be with your friends because every meter you walk you have to take a picture ! " Lorenzo goes into this weekend 's Spanish Grand Prix having finished second behind Stoner at the season-opening race in Qatar , but said he feels no pressure to emulate last year 's achievements . "  I really do n't think about this . I have this new adhesive on the front of the bike -- this number one . I 'm proud of it but I do n't think I am number one forever or that I ca n't lose , " he said . "  I do n't have more points than anyone else in the category from the beginning and I guess I can lose the championship . The other riders can beat me if I do n't work hard or if I have an inferior bike . " Lorenzo started riding at the age of three when his father , himself a former racer , built him his first bike . "  I have always had this necessity to win . When I played with my friends on the street , football or running , I always wanted to be the best , " he said . "  I competed in everything in Mallorca , all the championships , and I won a lot . You dream about getting into the world championship someday , to be professional , but it 's a very long way and you do n't know if this is going to happen or not . "	Jorge Lorenzo says he and Valentino Rossi had "  a problem of character " at Yamaha World champion says Rossi faces a difficult challenge at new team Ducati Spaniard is still coming to terms with his maiden MotoGP title last season He goes into this weekend 's Spanish G.P. after placing second in 2011 's opening race
Asheville , North Carolina  CNN  -- President Obama prayed Sunday with the Rev. Billy Graham at Graham 's mountaintop home before leaving North Carolina to attend the memorial service for 29 West Virginia coal miners killed in a recent explosion . Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to visit Graham at his family home , according to Graham spokesman Larry Ross . He is the 12th president , dating back to Harry Truman , to meet with the so-called "  pastor to the presidents . " "  I am pleased to have had President Obama in my home this afternoon , " Graham said in a statement , adding that Obama sought the meeting while on vacation in Asheville for the weekend . "  My son Franklin and I enjoyed a brief visit with the president , followed by a time of prayer together . " During the meeting , Ross said , Obama shared some insights about his faith and the challenges of being commander-in-chief . "  Like others before him , President Obama shared how lonely , demanding and humbling the office of president can be , and how much he appreciated the counsel of people like Mr. Graham and the prayers of so many citizens , " Ross said . The two men also discussed their love of golf and the city of Chicago , where Graham attended school and held several of his religious crusades , Ross said . At the end , Graham presented Obama with two Bibles -- one for him and the other for first lady Michelle Obama , Ross said . The two men then prayed together , with Obama first praying for Graham and then Graham "  concluded with a prayer for the president , his family and his administration , " according to Ross . Obama was "  extremely gratified " that Graham made time for the meeting and private prayer , White House spokesman Bill Burton said . The visit was a follow-up to Obama 's telephone call to Graham on the evangelist 's 91st birthday in November , Burton said . At that time , the two agreed to meet as soon as possible , according to Burton . Ross told CNN the visit came together hastily after the White House officially inquired on Friday , after Obama arrived in North Carolina . Obama and his family vacationed in Asheville over the weekend , and the first couple played tennis Sunday morning before their departure , Burton said . The meeting with Graham came three days after the Army rescinded an invitation for Franklin Graham to speak at the Pentagon on the upcoming National Day of Prayer . The Army decision was because of controversial comments about Islam by the younger Graham . Billy Graham 's statement referred to the upcoming event without mentioning the controversy involving his son . "  As we approach the National Day of Prayer on May 6 , I want to encourage Christians everywhere to pray for our president , and for all those in positions of authority , and especially for the men and women serving in our military , " Graham said in the statement . In December , Franklin Graham told CNN 's Campbell Brown that "  true Islam " could not be practiced in America because "  you ca n't beat your wife , you can not murder your children if you think they 've committed adultery or something like that , which they do practice in these other countries . " Franklin Graham later tried to temper his remarks by saying that he had Muslim friends . Last week , he said he regretted the Army 's decision but stood by his comments . "  I do n't like the way they treat women , the way they treat minorities . I just find it horrific . But I love the people of Islam , " he said , adding some of his work has been in Muslim nations . The Army , which oversees the National Day of Prayer ceremonies at the Pentagon , feared that if Graham spoke at the Pentagon on May 6 , Islamic militants would publicize his comments , potentially fueling tensions in Muslim nations such as Iraq and Afghanistan , where U.S. troops are deployed . Graham 's invitation was not the only controversy swirling about the National Day of Prayer this year . Last week , a federal judge struck down as unconstitutional the 1952 law that established the day , saying it violated the ban on government-backed religion . On Thursday , the Justice Department informed a federal appeals court that the Obama administration will appeal that decision .	Obama is first sitting U.S. president to visit Graham home , Graham 's spokesman says Obama was "  extraordinarily gratified " for the meeting , White House says Graham presented Obama with two Bibles -- one for him , other for Michelle Obama Army pulled invitation for Graham 's son to speak at Pentagon on Day of Prayer
CNN  -- The United Nations issued a report Friday detailing human rights violations such as killings and rapes over a 10-year period in the Democratic Republic of Congo -- a massive document that a Congolese diplomat calls "  detailed , " "  credible " and "  heartbreaking . " The draft report , titled "  Mapping Exercise , " documents crimes against humanity throughout the Congo between 1993 and 2003 . "  Tens of thousands of people were killed , and numerous others were raped , mutilated or otherwise victimized during the decade , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said . The report , which had been previously leaked , accuses Rwandan forces of committing atrocities . It notes the involvement of at least 21 armed Congolese groups in serious human rights violations and the military operations of eight other states inside Congo . Along with detailing the atrocities , the report is designed to find ways "  to deal with the legacy of these violations , including truth , justice , reparation and reform . "  The period covered by this report is probably one of the most tragic chapters in the recent history of the DRC , " the report says . "  Indeed , this decade was marked by a string of major political crises , wars and multiple ethnic and regional conflicts that brought about the deaths of hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of people . " The report devotes attention to violence against women and children . "  Violence in the DRC was , in fact , accompanied by the apparent systematic use of rape and sexual assault allegedly by all combatant forces , " it says . "  This report highlights the apparently recurrent , widespread and systematic nature of these phenomena and concludes that the majority of the incidents of sexual violence reported , could if judicially proven , constitute offences and violations under domestic law , international human rights law , and international humanitarian law . " The report says at least 30,000 children were recruited by armed forces or groups and that "  children have been subjected to indescribable violence . " "  If this situation is allowed to continue , there is a risk that a new generation will be created that has known nothing but violence , and violence as a means of conflict resolution , thus compromising the country 's chances of achieving lasting peace , " the report says . Rwandan forces and an allied rebel group massacred ethnic Hutus in the country , the report says . "  Tens of thousands " of Hutu civilians were slaughtered with knives , bludgeoned with hammers and burned alive as the Rwandan army and the Allied Democratic Liberation Forces swept across Congo -- then called Zaire -- leading to the toppling of dictator Mobutu Sese Seko . More than 1 million Rwandans fled to neighboring Congo when the Rwandan genocide ended in 1994 -- most of them Hutu . In 1996 , Rwanda invaded Congo in pursuit of the genocide orchestrators , who were living amid hundreds of thousands of other refugees . Saying the report is flawed , Rwanda said it "  reserves the right to review " its "  various engagements " with the United Nations . The country has participated in U.N. peacekeeping missions , such as Sudan 's Darfur region . "  We note that the U.N. also recognizes that the report omits crucial historical context , uses problematic methodology and sourcing , and the standard of proof used to justify the allegations in it is woefully inadequate , " said Louise Mushikiwabo , foreign minister and government spokeswoman . "  It seems clear that no amount of tinkering can resuscitate the credibility of this fundamentally misguided process . This report is yet another attempt to distort Rwanda 's history and prolong instability in the Great Lakes Region . " Ileka Atoko , Congo 's ambassador to the United Nations , welcomed the publication of the report and called it "  detailed , " "  credible , " and "  heartbreaking . " "  The Congolese government , and I personally , are appalled at the horrific nature and scope of crimes documented in this report that the people of the Congo have suffered , " Atoko said . "  Sadly , this information is not new to us . Millions of Congolese men , women and children have borne the brunt of the Congo 's conflicts over the past 15 years . Far too many have died . Like nearly all Congolese , I too lost loved ones in the war . Atoko said justice must be meted out for the crimes . "  Far too often , Congolese voices go unheeded . I truly hope that this time it is going to be different . "	NEW : Rwanda criticizes the report The report covers 1993 to 2003 Report : There was "  indescribable violence " for children
CNN  -- Ca n't stand the heat of the first tennis grand slam of 2014 ? Then you clearly have n't been doing enough Bikram yoga . That 's the view of leading sports scientist Dr. Ross Tucker , who suggests any tennis star with designs on success at a sweltering Australian Open in Melbourne should have come already acclimatized to the hot and sweaty conditions . Canadian Frank Dancevic branded conditions at this year 's tournament "  inhumane " after he fainted during his opening match , while other players have complained of burned feet and melted water bottles in temperatures which have lingered above a sweltering 40 degrees Celsius . "  If you go there and you 're not prepared for the heat , it 's not going to be your grand slam , " Dr. Tucker , who has worked with the U.S. Olympic Committee , UK Sport and the South African Olympic Confederation among others , told CNN . "  We know acclimatization makes a massive difference to performance in the heat . You become more efficient . There 's a mental and a physical component to the training . It 's those little nuances in preparation that make the difference . " World No. 4 Andy Murray has been a finalist in Melbourne in three of the last four years and for the last five years has been a bikram yoga practitioner - a sequence of 26 yoga moves done in a piping hot studio at temperatures of over 40 degrees Celsisus . While even Murray has questioned the wisdom of staging a tournament in soaring temperatures , world No. 1 Serena Williams revealed Wednesday the fear of dehydration was giving her sleepless nights . Not that the myriad of player complaints have influenced tournament doctor Tim Wood . Blog : Five players to watch in 2014 "  We look into the health and well being of players , but we know over the years in different parts of the country and world they play under these conditions , " Dr. Wood told a press conference . "  Players  sit down every five to ten minutes for every 90 seconds at change of ends , so there is chance to lose some heat at that time . Tennis by and large is a low risk sport , and that 's why by and large , like cricket , we can play in these conditions and not be too concerned . "  A lot of people get hot and look distressed and hot and bothered , as we all do . The actually risk to the health is relatively small compared to other sports . " Dr. Wood was equally bullish on players ' fears surrounding dehydration . . "  Dehydration , look , we have never had anybody die from dehydration on a tennis court , " he added . "  We have had players almost die from drinking too much . So the danger is overdrinking , not underdrinking and becoming dehydrated . "  Again , given the length of time tennis matches generally go for and the sweat rate of most normal , healthy athletes , they wo n't get to a state where they get too critically dehydrated . "  So , no , we have never had to put a drip in someone who has been so dehydrated that their vital signs , blood pressure and heart rate , have been compromised . " If the weather , in the eyes of the event officials , becomes too extreme for play to continue , tournament referee Wayne McKewen has the power to call a halt to proceedings . He makes the judgment , in consultation with other parties , using a scale which not only factors in the ambient temperature , but also wind and humidity . So far , according to McKewen , the relatively low humidity has meant conditions are fine for play to proceed as planned . In theory , unless humidity increases , play could continue even if the mercury hits 42 , 43 or even 44 degrees . Murray used his press conference to voice concerns over players suffering from heart attacks or other serious health problems as a result of the oppressive weather . Despite Dancevic 's collapse , and China 's Peng Shuai vomiting and complaining of cramps , Dr. Tucker supported Wood 's assessment that playing in the tournament would prove fatal for any of the players . Put simply ; it 's hot , it 's horrible , but it 's probably not going to kill you . "  I do n't want belittle what the players are experience , " explained Dr. Tucker . "  I 'm of the opinion that the danger is a little bit overhyped . "  Death is a failure of normal physiology , it 's not a normal situation . Your body temperature is around 37 degrees Celsius , when you hit 40 degrees that 's pretty much lights out but not death . "  Death happens when your body temperature is at 41 or 42 degrees and you have to be there for quite a long time . Your body has a defense mechanism which forces you stop exercising , to fail , to become fatigued , to potentially pass out at around 40 degrees . "  The risk is more about performance . Dancevic is fine , he did n't die and he would n't have . As soon as you remove yourself from the heat , the risk has gone . " To try and give the players respite from the blazing sun , organizers implemented an extreme weather contingency plan which allows for extended player breaks between the second and third sets . But there 's a catch ... It only applies to women 's matches . It 's a plan which has irked Murray , who called for greater equality between men 's and women 's games . "  You would need the same for the men , " said Tucker . "  The men are bigger , being big in the heat is a disadvantage . The smaller you are the better you are in the heat . Big guys generate more heat , that 's why long distance runners are always small . "  The rationale behind the break is good , but I do n't know why they 're only giving it to the women . If it keeps going like this they might need more of those kinds of breaks . " While he is receptive to the concerns voiced by players like Murray and Dancevic , not to mention Croatia 's Ivan Dodig who was concerned for his life during his match , Dr. Tucker does n't think the tournament needs to be relocated or rescheduled . "  It 's a bit fatalistic to say the show must go on , " he concluded . "  How many players have played ? Only one has collapsed . "  I would argue that the story might be the 259 guys who have n't collapsed . Yes they 're struggling and it 's really challenging , but it 's going to become one of the distinctive things about the Australian Open . " If you ca n't stand the heat , stay out of the Rod Laver Arena .	Temperatures at the Australian Open tennis tournament have exceeded 40 degrees Celcius Canadian Frank Dancevic fainted during his first round defeat on Tuesday Sports scientist Dr. Ross Tucker says Bikram Yoga is good preparation for high temperatures Tournament 's "  extreme weather " contingency plan has been implemented in women 's matches
CNN  -- Researchers at the National Institutes of Health  NIH  have identified a new disease among people in Asia that causes AIDS-like symptoms but is not associated with HIV . The study , released in the New England Journal of Medicine Thursday , found patients with the disease were making antibodies that attacked their immune systems . "  We all make molecules and proteins in the body that tell our immune system how to function properly , " said Dr. Sarah Browne , a clinical investigator at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at NIH and the lead author on the study . "  They tell different immune cells when to turn on and when to start fighting infection , " she said . "  We found a large number of the patients that we studied with serious opportunistic infections make an antibody that blocks the function of one of these molecules , which is interferon-gamma . " Without functioning interferon-gamma , people become more susceptible to certain types of infections -- infections people with working immune systems normally do n't get , she said . The disease is being called an adult-onset immunodeficiency syndrome because it strikes adults . Cases date back to 2004 , with most of them occurring in Thailand and Taiwan . The NIH has been studying the disease since 2005 . "  It 's rare -- more prevalent over in Southeast Asia , " Browne told CNN . "  But we have been diagnosing it here in the U.S. in individuals of Asian descent . " So far NIH has seen about 12 cases , all of them in people of Asian descent . According to Browne , most patients survive . There have been deaths in other countries , she said , but did not know how many . No one has died in the United States . Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of NIAID , says it 's important to note the disease is not contagious . "  It is not a virus , that 's the first thing . It 's not a new AIDS-like virus , " Fauci said . "  It 's a syndrome that was noticed and discovered in Asia where people get opportunistic infections similar to HIV/AIDS , but the cause of the syndrome is not an infection like HIV . " Fauci said researchers "  found the people have an autoimmunity , where their bodies are making antibodies against a protein that 's important in fighting infection . "  The reason the body is making that antibody is unclear but it is n't a virus like HIV that 's causing it , " he said . " It 's autoimmune disease , and people get secondary infections similar to AIDS . " The study was already in the early stages in 2009 , when Kim Nguyen , a 62-year-old Vietnamese woman from Tennessee , came to NIH suffering from symptoms that would be linked to the mystery disease . A little more than 200 people -- almost exclusively from Thailand and Taiwan between the ages of 18 and 78 -- were studied . All were HIV-negative . "  We want to understand what triggers people to make these antibodies in the first place , " Browne said . "  And we want to use that information to guide treatment -- because really , when you treat the infection you 're treating the symptom . You 're not treating the underlying cause . " Right now , doctors are simply treating the infections . For many of the patients , that 's sufficient , Browne said , but for those cases where it 's not , they are trying to find ways to target the antibodies themselves by lowering the antibody levels and trying to reverse the immunodeficiency . Both Fauci and Browne believe a combination of both genetic and environmental factors are most likely at play , but do n't yet know what those factors are . "  Overall it appears to be a chronic disease , but we have not yet studied it for a long enough period of time to know the long-term prognosis , " Browne said . "  We do n't yet know what factors may distinguish those with mild versus those with severe disease . "	Patients with disease are making antibodies that attack their immune system Cases date back to 2004 , with most of them occurring in Thailand and Taiwan Scientists do not believe the disease is contagious The NIH has seen about 12 cases , all in people of Asian descent
CNN  Australia , an important ally of the United States , has agreed to share some of its intelligence with Iran . Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the deal is "  an informal arrangement " with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS . But one Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "  dancing with the devil . " Over the weekend , Bishop became the first Australian government minister to visit Iran in 12 years , meeting with President Hassan Rouhani . The intelligence-sharing deal was announced in an interview released Monday that Bishop gave to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation while in Tehran . "  During my discussions with the national leadership here , it was agreed that we could share intelligence , particularly on the foreign terrorist fighters from Australia who are taking part in this conflict in Iraq , " she said . The Iranians "  were very agreeable to share that information with us , " she added . Like many Western nations , Australia is grappling with the problem of citizens who are choosing to travel to Iraq and Syria to join ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . Australia is part of the U.S.-led coalition that 's carrying out airstrikes against ISIS . During the fight against the Sunni extremist group , the coalition has found its interests aligned at times with those of Iran , a Shiite-majority nation that has strong ties with the Iraqi government . Iran-backed Shiite militias played an important role in the recent battle to take the Iraqi city of Tikrit from ISIS jihadists . "  Iran has a long standing relationship with Iraq , and as you point out , they have a very strong military presence there . They also have an influence over the Shia militia who are operating within Iraq , " she said . "  So they are in Iraq , in places that we are not . They also have a very sophisticated intelligence network and they have a lot of information that they 've been gathering . " Bishop , who left Tehran on Sunday , declined to give details of the agreement with Iran . "  Obviously , if Iran has information that will be of interest to us , and if we have information that would be of interest to them , in pursuing our common purpose in defeating Daesh , then that 's an appropriate exchange , " she said , using an alternative name for ISIS . But Andrew Wilkie , an independent Australian member of parliament , criticized the plan . "  The announcement by the Foreign Minister that Australia is entering into a security arrangement with the regime in Tehran really should send shudders down the spine of every Australian , " he said , according to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . "  When you start dancing with the devil in a place like Tehran , then we run the risk of becoming almost as bad as those who we dance with , " Wilkie told reporters .	Australian foreign minister says deal is to focus on tracking citizens who join ISIS But one lawmaker describes it as "  dancing with the devil "
CNN  -- Ted Ligety claimed his second gold of the world skiing championships Monday , lifting the U.S. to the top of the medals table in Austria . The 28-year-old from Salt Lake City produced a masterful performance over the two-legged super combined event for an aggregate time of two minutes 56.96 seconds . It left him 1.15 seconds faster than Croatian veteran Ivica Kostelic , with Romed Baumann , giving the hosts some rare cheer by taking the final podium spot . Ligety trailed Baumann by 0.72 seconds after the earlier downhill leg , but showed his all-round skills on the floodlit Planai slope at Schladming in the slalom . He edged inside the time set by Kostelic , then watched as a succession of challengers , including two-time defending champion Aksel Lund Svindal of Norway , ski out in trying to match his time . Ligety was already celebrating when Baumann gave Austria just its second bronze of the championships . "  I surely took all the risks this evening after my great downhill run , I knew I had chance for another podium finish today , " Ligety told the official championship website . "  These worlds have been pretty exciting for me so far . "  Now I 'm looking forward for another great race in the coming giant slalom . " Ligety has stepped into the breach after the super-G crash which left fellow American Lindsey Vonn with season-ending injuries . Vonn was expected to lead the U.S. medal charge in Austria , but Ligety took the men 's super-G title to compensate for her early exit -- his first ever major victory in that discipline . Svindal , the downhill winner , saw his chances go when he straddled a gate in the mid-section of a treacherous course , while Kostelic was disappointed he could not capitalize on a storming earlier run in the downhill . "  I did n't ski well at all this evening so I am very happy by that silver medal , " he said . "  It 's a lucky medal . I think I did n't deserve be on the podium after such as bad slalom run following that great downhill leg earlier today . " Ligety will get a chance for a hat-trick of golds in Friday 's giant slalom -- he won the title in 2011 in that discipline . The championships are an important staging post ahead of the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi in a year 's time .	Ted Ligety wins super-combi gold at world skiing championships Ligety has also claimed the super-G title in Schladming Superb slalom run under floodlights key to his victory Veteran Ivica Kostelic second for Croatia
CNN  -- If you 've ever wondered what happens when you mix a sentient gorilla with a helicopter , look no further ! This and many other questions are answered during the course of Rupert Wyatt 's compelling and invigorating "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes . " And if you 're looking for a summer popcorn film that wo n't talk down to you , you 've found it . I went into the screening of "  Rise " with low expectations , and there were many reasons for my trepidation . "  Congo " would be one of them  "  Oh , no ! The bad apes have the crystal lasers ! "  and pretty much every other misguided reboot or "  intelligent animal " movie since the original "  Planet of the Apes " series ended in 1973 would be the others . Thankfully , you do n't have to worry , as Fox 's restart of the legendary franchise delivers on almost every front . To my surprise and delight , "  Rise " is what had become a summer movie rarity : fun , engrossing and a way to escape the heat without being treated like a 10-year-old boy . Believe it or not , "  Rise " is also reasonably intelligent . Well , as intelligent as is possible , given the subject matter . It is , after all , basically a popcorn flick . With several nods and winks to the previous franchise , "  Rise " clearly knows which side of its bread is buttered , and fan boys and girls will not be disappointed . References are made both verbally and visually to the original , but do n't worry if you 're not  yet  a fan of the classic . No prior knowledge is required . The film opens with Will Rodman  James Franco  working in a biotech lab at a company called Gen-Sys  get it ?  developing what he hopes is a cure for Alzheimer 's by experimenting on chimpanzees . You see , Will 's father  John Lithgow  has the disease , and Will 's hellbent on curing him . As this is an "  animals in a lab " movie , something is bound to go wrong . In this case , one of Will 's subjects , Bright Eyes , seemingly goes berserk , and Will 's project is shut down on the eve of its approval for human testing . Not allowing himself to be constrained by anything as trite as rules or ethics , Will not only takes his research home with him  he adopts an infant chimp that has been exposed to the experimental drug  , but he also begins treating his father Charles with the serum . Here is where the film takes off , both emotionally and technologically . Unlike the animatronics of old , the special effects of "  Rise " are astonishing . While the film ostensibly stars Franco , Lithgow , Freida Pinto and several other noted actors , the real star of the show is Caesar , the digitally created chimp brought to life by Weta Digital -- the company that sprang to prominence for its work on Peter Jackson 's "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy -- and by actor Andy Serkis . Serkis  Gollum in "  Lord of the Rings "  , who has become the go-to guy for performance capture roles , plays Caesar from infancy to adulthood , growing from a vaguely Curious George-like childhood into your everyday , sullen , teenaged hyper-intelligent ape and eventually into an adult . Caesar is a complex character , a first-of-his-kind artificially created leap in evolution , and as such , has a lot on his mind , all of which Serkis has to portray through movement and facial expressions . It 's an extraordinary achievement and is the heart of the film As with any "  wild animal lives with human " story , things go off the rails . Will 's obnoxious and confrontational neighbor  David Hewlett , playing against type  reacts badly to a young Caesar trying to play with his daughter and later assaults an Alzheimer 's - addled Charles when the latter tries to drive the former 's car and damages it . Caesar sees Charles as a member of his family and defends him , attacking the neighbor . How Caesar lived with humans for so long without someone calling the cops is one of a few serious suspensions of disbelief in which one must indulge . Animal control is called , and the second act begins with Caesar incarcerated in what is supposedly a paradise for wayward simians , but as anyone who 's seen a movie knows , is basically a maximum-security prison for apes . Here , Caesar begins to suspect that not all humans are as kind as his "  dad , " Will , and that maybe it 's his job as a super-intelligent chimp to balance the scales a bit . The scenes in the chimp prison  "  Esc-Ape From Alcatraz , " anyone ?  are where our empathy with Caesar and his fellow primates turns to full-on "  Get those guys ! " blood lust as the evil jailers -- played by a criminally under-used Brian Cox and his less-than-humane son , played by "  Harry Potter 's " Tom Felton -- routinely abuse their charges , even selling some to Gen-Sys . No one likes to see animals abused -- especially ones with thumbs -- and It 's here that Caesar begins his transformation into a chimp Che Guevara . The tension of "  Rise " increases so gradually through the film 's first hour-plus that before you notice it , you 're on the edge of your seat , virtually gagging for the the promised ape revolution . And when it comes , you wo n't be disappointed . Here is where Weta 's genius combines with Wyatt 's direction , Andrew Lesnie 's cinematography and Patrick Doyle 's score to deliver a rousing finale with Serkis ' Caesar at the forefront . iReporter talks to James Franco The original "  Planet of the Apes , " while clearly a sci-fi film , was also a thinly veiled 1960s-style allegory about civil rights and the rising threat of nuclear proliferation . Much of that is lost here , although new "  lessons " about the dangers of tampering with nature are reasonably constant . That film 's stunning revelation at its climax is one of the most famous scenes in movie history , and since we 've now been treated to a prequel  and assuming this is the start of a new franchise  , the filmmakers are going to have to work pretty hard to find an equally compelling ending to the next film , since we already know the "  surprise . " Here 's hoping they manage it . "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes " is rated PG-13 , and despite how cute some younger children might think chimps are , this is not the film for them . There 's far too much violence for the younger set .	Fox 's restart of the legendary franchise delivers on almost every front The tension of "  Rise " increases gradually through the film 's first hour-plus Unlike the animatronics of old , the special effects of "  Rise " are astonishing
CNN  -- The American held in North Korea , Matthew Miller , begins his six-year sentence of hard labor on Thursday . A North Korean government official released a photo of Miller , taken on Wednesday . Dressed in a blue-gray prison garment with the number 107 and his head shaved , Miller is seen with his eyes downcast , staring away from the camera . Details about where he 'll serve his sentence or what labor he will be required to do were not released . Miller was convicted of committing "  acts hostile " to North Korea and sentenced earlier this month . North Korea has accused him of ripping up his visa on arrival to the country so he could go to prison and expose human rights violations there , according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency . KCNA described him as "  rudely behaved , " saying he was sent to infiltrate prison as part of a United States campaign against North Korea . "  He perpetrated the above-said acts in the hope of becoming a world famous guy and the second Snowden through intentional hooliganism , " state media said . Before being sent to prison , Miller asked his family for help in a phone call on Wednesday , according to a source . He has also written a letter imploring U.S. officials for help . The letters have been sent to Miller 's family in which he addressed Speaker of the House John Boehner , Sen. Mitch McConnell , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , Sen. Barbara Boxer , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and first lady Michelle Obama . Miller 's family lives in Bakersfield , California , and has not spoken to the press . Miller told CNN 's Will Ripley in a brief interview earlier this month in Pyongyang that he "  prepared to violate the law of DPRK before coming here . And I deliberately committed my crime . " But he did n't elaborate on what his "  crime " was . It 's unclear whether his statements were made freely or under coercion . Miller is a 2008 graduate of Bakersfield High School , according to CNN affiliate KBAK . Imprisoned American wanted to become ` second Snowden ' He traveled to North Korea this year after arranging a private tour through the U.S.-based company Uri Tours , which takes tourists into North Korea . The U.S. State Department warns American citizens of arbitrary arrest and detention in North Korea . Two other Americans , Kenneth Bae and Jeffrey Fowle remain detained in North Korea .	American Matthew Miller begins six-year sentence of hard labor Thursday North Korea released photo of Miller in prison wear Miller was convicted of committing "  acts hostile " to North Korea Miller called his family to ask for help on Wednesday
CNN  -- Sexual violence against female protestors at Cairo 's Tahrir Square appears to be increasing , an activist group devoted to end such assaults said Tuesday . Operation Anti-Sexual Harassment/Assault said it intervened in 15 of 19 reported sexual assaults on Friday when 10,000 people gathered in the square on the two-year anniversary of the start of the revolution that ousted President Hosni Mubarak . "  These attacks represent a startling escalation of violence against women in Tahrir Square in terms of the number of incidents and the extremity of the violence which took place , " the group said in a news release . The organization said some of the cases involved life-threatening violence where the attackers used knives or other weapons . It said some of its members also were attacked during rescue attempts . Egyptian official warns of state 's collapse as protesters defy curfew "  This phenomenon requires urgent attention and treatment , and is linked to the broader social problem of endemic and daily sexual harassment and assault of women , " Operation Anti-Sexual Harassment/Assault said . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay called for Egypt President Mohamed Morsy to do something about the assaults and other violence against demonstrators . "  It is unacceptable and a dereliction of duty not to intervene when protesters are being attacked by thugs and when women are being raped and sexually assaulted , " she said in a written statement . The streets around Cairo 's Tahrir Square have been the sites of protests for days , including Friday 's violent clashes . At least 29 people were treated for cuts , broken bones and birdshot injuries , Health Ministry spokesman Khaled El Khatib said . Six police officers were also hurt in the disorder near Tahrir Square , the Interior Ministry said . What 's behind the latest wave of violence in Egypt ?	Operation Anti-Sexual Harassment/Assault said there were 19 assaults on January 25 It said its members were often attacked when they intervened Friday protest marked two-year anniversary of beginning of revolution
CNN  -- The man killed after he allegedly shot two women -- one fatally -- at a convenience store at Fort Bliss , Texas , was identified Tuesday as a retired Army sergeant . The Federal Bureau of Investigation said the motive for Monday 's shootings is unclear . "  It has been determined this was an isolated criminal incident and not terrorism-related , " the agency said . It was not known whether the shooter had any relationship with either of his victims . He was identified as Steven Kropf , 63 , of El Paso , Texas . "  This is one disgruntled , deranged individual , " said Maj. Gen. Dana Pittard , the post 's commander . The two female victims were transported to Beaumont Army Medical Center , where one , Bettina Maria Goins , 44 , of El Paso was pronounced dead . The unidentified wounded woman remained hospitalized with serious injuries . The gunman entered the busy Shopette Convenience Store on the post around 3 p.m. and shot the two civilian employees in a rear office . An Army guard shot Kropf , who had left the store and was in a vehicle in the store 's parking lot , authorities said . Fort Bliss is located close to the Mexican border near El Paso , Texas , but straddles the Texas-New Mexico border . Most of the base is located in New Mexico , but the main headquarters is in Texas . President Barack Obama visited there last month to meet troops and mark the end of the official combat mission in Iraq . Agents Tuesday were interviewing witnesses and Army personnel . Although Fort Bliss is one of the safest Army installations , Pittard said , the post is "  going to take a good look at our privately owned weapons policies . " He indicated officers will conduct more random checks of motorists to see if they are bringing weapons .	NEW : General calls shooter "  disgruntled , deranged " The suspected gunman at a convenience store was a retired Army sergeant His motive and any relationship to the victims is not yet known The gunman was killed by a guard after the shootings
Zakouma National Park , Chad  CNN  -- Rian Labuschagne pilots his single-engine bush plane low over a herd of elephants , his trained eye scanning for calves . He 's spotted 21 in just the last few months . "  See that baby drinking ? " he asks , as he dips the left wing over a watering hole . It 's something Chad 's Zakouma National Park has been without for nearly five years . Large-scale Sudanese poaching operations from across the border have decimated the park 's elephants . In the span of just a few years they slaughtered 90 % of the park 's elephant population . Labuschagne , the park 's director , says until now , the survivors were too traumatized to mate . Zakouma is both blessed and cursed by its geography . The 3,000 square kilometers of pristine Sahel is a crucial habitat for the species , separating desert to the north and savannah to the south . But the park is also surrounded by conflict . To the east is Darfur , to the south , Central African Republic , and to the west is Nigeria . Opinion : Elephants slaughtered for trinkets and terrorism "  There were less weapons in the past , " says Idriss D  by , President of Chad . "  Today all around us there are more weapons and more men who can use them . Poaching has no borders . All of this leads us to believe that national security , and regional security may be threatened by the poachers . " We fly towards the park 's northern boundary , the landscape below dotted with nomad tents and their livestock , and the occasional camel caravan crossing ancient trading tracks . The terrain here is rugged , lawless and largely inaccessible by car , making it ideal for poachers . It 's been that way for centuries , Labuschagne tells us from his pilot 's seat . Hunting elephants here is nothing new . What is , are the weapons and tactics . "  They operate in small groups , they are usually about four to five people on horseback , they 've got good communication systems , satellite phones , local phones , " he says . "  They are absolute professionals in what they do . Except the shooting  $ " it 's just done in a massacre way . They just machine gun as many as they can , shoot as many as they can , get the ivory and then move on . " In September 2012 , African Parks , which manages Zakouma , saw six of its rangers killed in a sophisticated three-pronged strike on their hillside outpost . Piles of stones mark the graves where they were buried . Dark patches still outline where the tents once stood , burnt to the ground by the poachers . It 's the first time one of the ranger 's sons , 18-year-old Issa Idris , has visited the site where his father was slain . "  I am remembering everything about him , what he must have been doing , what happened to him , " Idris says in hushed tones , his eyes filled with pain . The attack , Labuschagne tells us , was revenge for a raid his rangers conducted on the poacher 's camp just weeks before . Evidence collected from the camp gave Labuschagne more evidence into just what they were up against . They found thousands of rounds of ammunition , satellite phones containing images of hundreds of slaughtered elephants that matched those of carcasses in Cameroon , linking the poachers to one of the biggest elephant slaughters in decades . Also recovered at the site were Sudanese military uniforms , one identified as similar to those issued to Sudan 's Abu Tira paramilitary service , notorious for its brutality and linked to atrocities in Darfur , and a stamped leave slip from the Sudanese Army . This month , the park , with the help of an outside agency , traced the ammunitions back to Khartoum . Sudan 's Minister of Information , Ahmed Bilal Osman , denies the military link . "  Sudan has an ammunition factory , but the presence of Sudanese ammunition in Chad may have occurred in many different ways , " he said . "  Sudan gets blamed for everything . " The war in neighboring Central African Republic is bringing even more threats . As Chadians living in the CAR flee the violence many return to the area which borders the park , where they have roots . Like so many others , Amin Younes , 29 , is coming home to escape the violence . His wife and three-year-old daughter were brutally murdered . ` Machetes -- I did n't have the courage to look at them , " he tells us as he unloads his luggage at a repatriation center . "  My heart would n't let me look at them . " He 's hoping to escape the haunting memory and says he 'll try to look for work in agriculture . But the influx of refugees , some of whom have weapons from the conflict , ties to the military or the Seleka rebels is a concern to local leaders . There are n't enough jobs here to go around and poaching is lucrative , especially for those battle-hardened . Since taking control of the park in 2010 , Labuschagne 's employer , the non-profit African Parks , has managed to keep the remaining elephants relatively safe . Labuschagne 's team are collaring elephants , allowing them to track and respond to threats with younger , more highly trained rangers . He tells us that one of central Africa 's largest herds is secure for now . But , he says , "  we have to prepare ourselves . We will become a target again in the future . "	Rangers in Chad 's Zakouma National Park face a serious threat from poaching operations In recent years , park rangers have been executed in their line of work 90 % of the park 's elephants have been slaughtered for their ivory Poachers have come from neighboring Sudan ; now the CAR war presents a new threat
EW.com  -- "  The Hunger Games " movie may not have had trouble earning a PG-13 rating , but many parents and educators are wondering whether the best-selling book trilogy belongs on library shelves . The American Library Association 's Office for Intellectual Freedom released its annual list of most frequently challenged books of 2011 yesterday , and the increased popularity of Suzanne Collins ' dystopian saga -- in large part fueled by buzz surrounding the blockbuster film -- drove the books higher on the list . In 2010 , only the first novel cracked the top ten at number five . In 2011 , all three books occupy the number three position , and the complaints have grown more varied : "  anti-ethnic ; anti-family ; insensitivity ; offensive language ; occult/satanic ; violence . " The ALA keeps track of challenges filed and counted 327 reported attempts to restrict or remove books from schools and libraries in 2011 . The association defines a challenge as "  a formal , written complaint filed with a library or school requesting that a book or other material be restricted or removed because of its content or appropriateness . " Barbara Jones , director of the ALA 's Office for Intellectual Freedom , told the Associated Press that many of the complaints leveled against "  The Hunger Games " books focused on the film version directed by Gary Ross . "  There was complaining about the choice of actors for the film , " she said . "  You had people saying someone was dark-skinned in the book , but not in the film , or dark-skinned in the film and not in the book . In general , a lot more people were aware of the books and that led to more kinds of complaints . " Lauren Myracle , a regular on these types of lists , came in at number one with her epistolary Internet Girl books . But the book that topped the list last year -- "  And Tango Makes Three , " about two male penguins who raise a baby chick together -- did n't crack the top ten . Jones said she 'd like to believe that people are becoming more tolerant of homosexuality , but it may just be that other books are attracting more attention . What do you think about the complaints against "  The Hunger Games " books ? "  Violence , " I get , but can you see why anyone would call them "  anti-family " or "  anti-ethnic " ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	American Library Association releases its annual list of most frequently challenged books "  The Hunger Games " books occupy the number three position ALA counted 327 reported attempts to restrict or remove books from schools and libraries
CNN  -- And then there were two . Sunday 's showpiece European Championship final in the Ukrainian capital Kiev pits holders Spain against Italy , between them the winners of the last two World Cups . Spain are on the brink of creating soccer history ; never before has a country won three major international football tournaments in a row and the Spanish , who won Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup , now have the chance to earn a place in the record books . Before the Euros , former Barcelona and England striker Gary Lineker said "  La Furia Roja " were just one trophy away from greatness . "  If they won three tournaments in a row , something no other team has done , you would have to put them up there among the all-time greatest teams , " said Lineker , who helped England reach the World Cup semifinals in 1990 . Spain reach Euro 2012 final after shootout victory Vicente del Bosque 's side enjoyed huge good fortune in Wednesday 's semifinal against Iberian neighbors Portugal , winning 4-2 in a penalty shootout after a 0-0 draw , with Cesc Fabregas scuffing the decisive spot-kick as it hit the inside of the post and rolled along the goalline before creeping into Rui Patricio 's net . Fabregas ' penalty can perhaps be seen as a symbol of Spain 's unconvincing performances at Euro 2012 so far , which have left a large proportion of the watching public unsatisfied as they struggled to break down packed opposition defenses . The end of a love affair ? For all their possession  Spain have enjoyed around 67 % of the ball in their five matches  , there has been frustration that they have neither moved the ball around quickly enough nor created enough goalscoring chances , instead wearing the other team down by making their players chase shadows before waiting for a mistake . Whisper it quietly , but some have even labeled Spain 's previously much-feted tiki-taka style of play "  boring " and claimed it is currently a more defensive tactic than offensive -- an argument perhaps backed up by the fact that Spain have now not conceded a knockout-stage goal in any tournament since the 2006 World Cup , a run of nine matches and a remarkable 900 minutes of action . Against Italy in the group stage and France in the last eight , Del Bosque even picked a starting XI without a single striker -- a tactic designed to help Spain keep the ball better and lure the opposing defense out so they could get in behind . It has n't worked flawlessly , but they have churned out results regardless . Beautiful football might be what people demand , but results are what Del Bosque deals in first ; since taking over from previous coach Luis Aragones following Euro 2008 , the 61-year-old has led the national team to an incredible 50 wins from 59 matches . Midfielder Andres Iniesta , who scored the winner in the 2010 World Cup final , says Spain are n't bothered by the "  boring " tag . The 27-year-old instead focuses on the positives of their possession-based game . "  When a team wants to attack and comes up against an opponent that sits back and tries to close the space and not try to create its own chances , that 's not always the football you want to watch , " said Iniesta . "  It 's easy to forget that only a few years ago this style is what changed the story of Spain . " A change in mentality It is a story that began at Euro 2008 -- and really , truly began with Spain 's quarterfinal penalty shootout victory over Italy in Vienna , a match that defender Gerard Pique looks back on as the turning point . "  I think it changed the mentality of the national team , " said the Barcelona star . "  Before , Spain played to avoid losing -- but afterwards they played to win . " Italy were the World Cup champions at the time and favorites to go through , but it is perhaps not as well remembered that they were missing the suspended Andrea Pirlo , who has been in such glorious form at this tournament . Pirlo , let 's not forget , was also injured at the 2010 World Cup and played only 34 minutes in their final group game game as Italy crashed out at the first hurdle following draws with Paraguay and New Zealand and a 3-2 defeat at the hands of Slovakia . But the 33-year-old midfielder is enjoying a stunning renaissance in his career . A year ago he was discarded by AC Milan after 10 years of service , but signed for Juventus and led "  The Old Lady " to the Italian league title before showcasing the full range of his majestic talents for the world to see in Poland and Ukraine . If Italy were besieged by the storm of another match-fixing scandal in their domestic game brewing prior to Euro 2012 , Pirlo provided the steady hand on the tiller to sail the ship into calmer waters . With hardly a hair out of place and rarely breaking into a sweat , the masterful Pirlo has dictated the knockout matches against England and Germany with breathtaking class , providing an exhibition in how to create space and pass the ball both of the long and short variety . The master and the maverick When looking long , Pirlo has often sought out Mario Balotelli , the maverick Manchester City striker who is as well-known for his controversial lifestyle away from football as his performances on the pitch -- something which may change after his monumental two-goal showing against the much-fancied Germans in the semifinal . Balotelli double sends Italy through to Euro 2012 final Balotelli went into Euro 2012 considered a talented liability , as capable of moments of madness as those of brilliance , but he powered home a header to give Italy the lead and then crashed a stunning second into the top corner from 18 yards . Even Germany keeper Manuel Neuer had to applaud the 21-year-old 's chutzpah . "  Tonight was the most beautiful of my life -- but I hope that this Sunday is even better , " said Balotelli in the aftermath . "  Along with Spain , we are the two best teams in the tournament . We are the only side to have scored against Spain so far . We proved that we are equal to them , if not more , and we want to win . " Whoever wins on Sunday , it will provide a fairytale finish to a competition that has surpassed all expectations . Scare stories The buildup to the first major football tournament behind the old Iron Curtain in eastern Europe was dominated by scare stories : the transport infrastructure was n't ready ; there were n't enough  affordable  hotels for supporters to stay in ; racism was a widespread problem in both host countries ; foreign fans would not be welcomed in many of the host cities , and so on . Yet most of the fears have been unfounded . Yes , there have been issues with supporters that European football 's governing body UEFA has had to deal with , and member associations have been fined for specific incidents of failing to keep their fans under control . Some of the magnificent stadia have not been full for every game , but that is probably down to the fact that Europe is going through difficult economic times right now and Poland and Ukraine are further away than most host nations have been , resulting in increased traveling costs . But by and large , Euro 2012 has been an unqualified success . The group stage matches were full of attacking intent and fine goals and the knockout stages have produced two penalty shootouts of unbearable tension , not to mention Italy 's awesome destruction of Germany . Referees have let games flow and kept the card count down , and the players have responded by concentrating more on their football and less on feigning injury and trying to artificially gain their team an advantage . Everywhere you looked , there was a story : Andriy Shevchenko gave the Ukraine people a memory they will never forget with two goals to see off Sweden ; Greece put their country 's vast financial problems aside to qualify from Group A ; the much-fancied Netherlands went back home with tails between legs ; and then there was Spain and Italy , quietly working their way through the tournament . Sensational scoring With 30 of the 31 matches played we have seen only three red cards -- two of which came in the opening game as Poland drew with Greece -- and there have been 21 goals scored from headers , which at 29 % of the total 72 stands way higher than at any previous Euros . Wonderful goals have crashed in with regularity , from the acrobatics of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Balotelli to the gorgeous flick of Danny Welbeck , the emphatic volleys of Sami Khedira and Marco Reus to the unstoppable rocket shots of Jakub Blaszczykowski and , again , Balotelli . And then there was Pirlo 's "  Panenka . " With England leading Italy 2-1 after the first two penalties in Sunday 's quarterfinal shootout , Pirlo produced a moment of genius to change the momentum entirely in Italy 's favor . He watched the England keeper buzz around on the line trying to put him off , before coolly chipping the ball -- a la Antonin Panenka in the 1976 European Championship final shootout -- delicately into the net after Joe Hart had dived early and erroneously to his right . England missed their next two penalties and Italy triumphed . "  Hart seemed to be very confident in himself . I needed to do something to beat him and it seemed to be a psychological blow , " said the unflappable Pirlo . England boss Roy Hodgson added : "  The cool , calculated way Pirlo chipped it , that is something you either have or you do n't have as a player . " The watching football world swooned , and Pirlo produced his second successive man-of-the-match display to help Italy slay Germany in the semis and continue the Azzurri 's amazing record of never having lost a competitive game to "  Die Mannschaft . " On Sunday , Cesare Prandelli 's team can keep another record intact : that of a country never winning three major international tournaments in a row . Spain are potentially 90 minutes away from sporting immortality . A captivating conclusion to Euro 2012 lies in wait .	Holders Spain to meet Italy in Sunday 's Euro 2012 final in Kiev Spain aiming to become first nation to win three successive major tournaments Italy looking for first Euros triumph since 1968 , but won World Cup in 2006 Spain 's dominance and style has been labeled "  boring " by some critics
London  CNN  -- A 23-year-old English Premier League soccer player remained in intensive care Monday after suffering cardiac arrest during a game in London , his club Bolton said . Saturday 's match between top-flight teams Bolton and Tottenham was called off after Fabrice Muamba , a Bolton midfielder , collapsed on the pitch before halftime . Medics came onto the field to try to revive him while fans and players looked on in shock . Muamba was taken to the Heart Attack Center at The London Chest Hospital , where he has been kept since . "  Fabrice Muamba 's heart condition is stable , but he remains critically ill in intensive care , " read Monday 's joint statement from Bolton and the hospital . Bolton manager Owen Coyle said Muamba 's family appreciated the large amount of messages of support they had received . "  The message is the good will , the prayers from everybody , they are so thankful and they want to put that on record -- to say ` keep up the prayers , thanks for all the support , ' " Coyle told reporters outside the hospital after visiting the player Monday . "  They have been inundated as we all have , both in the football community globally and family and friends . People are taking a genuine interest and a real concern with how Fabrice is doing . " "  It 's a difficult situation but the family are bearing up as well as they can . They themselves are very positive people , " Coyle said . "  You look at what Fabrice has been through in life already and you can tell that he is a fighter . He has such a fantastic smile and that 's what we all want to see again . " Magunda also thanked fans via her account on micro-blogging website Twitter . "  2 everyone out there thank u so much for all the love and support collectively as a family we appreciate it all . Plz continue 2 pray 4 fab x , " she wrote on Monday . "  Fabrice WILL !! Pull through because God is good . Love u so much @fmuamba keep strong we 're praying for u honey xx " Bolton said Sunday that Muamba received "  prolonged resuscitation " on the ground and en route to the hospital , where his heart eventually started working . "  As is normal medical practice , Fabrice remains anesthetized in intensive care and will be for at least 24 hours , " the club said . "  His condition continues to be closely monitored by the cardiac specialists at the hospital . " Players pray for Muamba 's recovery Muamba , who is from the Democratic Republic of Congo and has represented England at under-21 level , fell to the ground in the 41st minute with no other players near him . Referee Howard Webb consulted both teams before calling off the match at Tottenham 's home ground in London , which was a quarterfinal tie in England 's prestigious knockout competition , the FA Cup . A member of CNN World Sport 's London staff was at the match at White Hart Lane and described the situation . "  We were situated on the halfway line . ... Fabrice Muamba just hit the deck out of nowhere , " assistant producer Zayn Nabbi said by phone . "  We realized quite quickly that this was serious because the medical staff all rushed on and they were waved onto the field by the Tottenham players . From what we saw they were trying to resuscitate Fabrice Muamba . " Bolton Wanderers announced Sunday that its match with Aston Villa , scheduled for Tuesday evening , was postponed after talks with the club and the Premier League . Bolton thanked them both for their support and understanding . Muamba 's peers have been quick to show their support on micro-blogging website Twitter . "  For all those asking , I know as much as you do , " wrote clubmate Stuart Holden , a U.S. international . "  Waiting anxiously for updates from teammates . Fab is a fighter ! prayforMuamba . " Tottenham 's Rafael van der Vaart wrote : "  Terrible what happened with Muamba during the game . We 're all praying for him . " The last player to die after collapsing in a match in Britain was Motherwell 's Phil O'Donnell , who suffered heart failure during a 2007 game against Scottish rivals Dundee United and passed away on the way to hospital . The most high-profile such tragedy was when Cameroon international Marc-Vivien Foe collapsed during a Confederations Cup semifinal against Colombia in 2003 and died in hospital . There have been two similar incidents more recently in Spain , involving Sevilla 's Antonio Puerta in 2007 and Espanyol 's Daniel Jarque in 2009 . Muamba grew up in Kinshasa , the capital of what was then known as Zaire . After moving to the UK in 1999 he began his football career with Premier League club Arsenal in 2005 but did not make a first-team appearance in the top division and was loaned out to Birmingham . He signed a permanent deal with the Midlands club in 2007 before moving to Bolton a year later for a fee of  # 5 million  $ 8 million  . English Football Association chairman David Bernstein paid tribute to Muamba , who played for his country at most age-group levels . "  Fabrice has played 33 times for England Under-21s , captaining Stuart Pearce 's side during this time , and is a player -- and more importantly -- a person we care greatly for , " Bernstein said . Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore praised those at the game for the way they reacted to the situation . "  We would like to praise the players , match officials , coaching staff and medical teams of both clubs at White Hart Lane for their swift actions in attending Fabrice , " Scudamore said in a statement . "  The League would also like to commend the compassion shown by the fans of Bolton Wanderers and Tottenham Hotspur . " Those sentiments were echoed by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy , who in a club statement , thanked both sets of fans for their support and behavior . Levy said : "  Too often we read the negatives about football and yet last night , at a time of intense emergency and uncertainty , we saw the true humanity and empathy of the footballing family . "	Fabrice Muamba still in critical condition in intensive care at London heart hospital Bolton says Fabrice Muamba will be anesthetized in intensive care for 24 hours Bolton 's Tuesday match with Aston Villa is postponed Referee calls off quarterfinal match after consulting Bolton and Tottenham players
Arriving in a city with an area five times the size of New York City and 23 million people can be overwhelming . Fortunately Shanghai -- the most developed city on mainland China -- is equipped to impress even the most jaded of international business travelers . The problem , as usual , is finding the time to experience its highlights . From getting in quick to getting out with the hottest souvenirs -- and having eaten plenty of fantastic food in between -- this mini-guide offers tips for time starved executive travelers looking for the best of Shanghai . Fastest , most comfortable airport transport Just getting out of the airport in Shanghai is a thrill if you climb aboard world 's fastest commercial train , the Shanghai Maglev . This airport shuttle connects Shanghai Pudong International Airport with Longyang Lu Station in the suburbs of Pudong . From there , passengers switch to Metro Line 2 or 7 to travel to the city center . Moving like a silver bullet , Maglev trains cover 30 kilometers in about seven minutes . Metro Line 2 also runs between Longyang Lu and the airport -- the journey takes about an hour . Maglev trains run once every 15 to 20 minutes and cost RMB50  $ 8  for a single trip and RMB80  $ 13  for a round-trip , good for seven days . Rooms with views Nothing motivates you to get down to business like waking up to amazing views of the Shanghai skyline from a centrally located hotel . On a sunny , smog-free day the best Shanghai views can be found at the Park Hyatt . The 174-room hotel occupies the 79th to 93rd floors of the 492-meter-tall Shanghai World Financial Center -- the tallest functioning building in Shanghai . Rooms look down on the awe-inspiring high-rise matrix of Pudong . Over on the Bund , Waldorf Astoria Shanghai and The Peninsula Shanghai are top choices for straight-on views toward the skyscrapers of Lujiazui . If you 'd rather enjoy views of both sides of the curved Huangpu River , you 'll want to check into the Hyatt on the Bund on the north end , or Indigo Hotel on the south end . The latter also provides views of Shanghai Old Town . Park Hyatt Shanghai , 100 Shiji Dadao , near Dongtai Lu ; +862168881234 ; from RMB 1,800  $ 293 Waldorf Astoria Shanghai , 2 Zhongshan Dong Yi Lu , near Guangdong Lu ; 862163229988 ; from RMB 2,500 The Peninsula Shanghai , 32 Zhongshan Dong Yi Lu , near Beijing Dong Lu ; +862123272888 ; from RMB 2,700 Hyatt on the Bund , 199 Huangpu Lu , near Wuchang Lu ; + 862163931234 ; from RMB1 ,120 Hotel Indigo Shanghai On The Bund , No. 585 Zhong Shan Dong Er Road ; +862133029999 ; from RMB 1,209 Memorable meals When it comes to dinner , Maison de L'hui on Julu Lu is the place to impress the pickiest of clients . This authentic Chinese restaurant is located in a revamped mansion that once belonged to 1930s mafia kingpin Du Yuesheng . It serves local classics such as Shanghai-style deep-fried fish  no batter , it 's marinated in dark soy sauce  and soup noodles topped with yellow croakers  fish  . Elsewhere , tree-lined Jinxian Lu is a relaxing little street known for its authentic home kitchens , such as Lan Xin and Hai Jin Zi . In these no-frills restaurants , chatty Shanghainese women greet you in a cramped dining room as their husbands cook up some of Shanghai 's best braised pork belly , stir-fried shrimps and tofu soup . Qibao Water Town on the outskirts of Shanghai has a brilliant food street that offers unforgettable xiaolongbao , pig trotters and Shanghai-style glutinous dumplings . Maison de L'hui , 168 Julu Lu , near Ruijin Yi Lu ; +864008202028 Lan Xin , 130 Jinxian Lu , near Maoming Nan Lu ; +862162533554 Hai Jin Zi , 240 Jinxian Lu , near Shaanxi Nan Lu ; +862162550371 Unique clothes The best shopping trophy for traveling fashionistas is a tailor-made Shanghai qipao . Originally an ethnic dress of Manchu people , the qipao was immortalized by the flirty Shanghai calendar girls of the 1930s , and then by year 2000 film "  In the Mood for Love " starring Maggie Cheung . The best qipao tailors in Shanghai gather in two locations : Changle Lu  between Shaanxi Nan Lu and Ruijin Yi Lu  and Maoming Nan Lu  between Huaihai Zhong Lu and Fuxing Zong Lu  . Among them , Han Yi on Changle Lu is said to have supplied qipao for Maggie Cheung for her role in "  In the Mood for Love . " A typical tailor-made qipao costs RMB 2,000  $ 325  and up and takes around two weeks to make . In a rush ? Shanghai Tang , which has several outlets in Shanghai , sells stylish off-the-rack pieces , including Mandarin collar jackets and shirts for men . Han Yi , 217-221 Changle Lu , near South Shaanxi Lu ; +862154042303 ; open daily 9:30 a.m.-9 :30 p.m. Best photo ops Free day to explore ? Zhongshan Park in the west side of the city is a great place to document Shanghai 's morning exercise culture -- serious-looking retirees practicing fan dancing , Mulan boxing and gentle martial arts . Afterward , for an Instagram shot that 'll make all your followers hungry , De Xin Guan on Guangdong Lu is great for lunch . This popular local restaurant is known for noodles and incredible xiaolongbao  pleated pork dumplings  . The afternoon can be spent capturing the disappearing side of Shanghai in the Old Town , where residents enjoy a traditional alleyway lifestyle . When the sun sets , Shanghai is at its most glamorous . There are two perfect locations to photograph the neon-lit skylines . In Puxi , we recommend the rooftop terrace of Bar Rouge in Bund 18 . In Pudong , the rooftop bar at The Ritz-Carlton offers an unforgettable view towards the vast Puxi area . De Xin Guan , 471 Guangdong Lu , near Fujian Zhong Lu ; +862163522535 Bar Rouge , 7/F , 18 Zhongshan Dong Yi Lu , near Nanjing Dong Lu ; +862163391199 Flair at The Ritz-Carlton Shanghai , Pudong , Shanghai IFC , 8 Shiji Dadao ; +862120201888 Places to experience the heart of the city The former French Concession is the most pleasant and walkable area of Shanghai . An ideal starting point for a 30-minute walking tour is the statue of Russian author Alexander Sergeyevich Pushkin , located at the meeting point of Taojiang Lu , Yueyang Lu and Fenyang Lu . This is the heart of the former concession and a fine place to get lost in the neighborhood . All its streets are charming and fun to explore . The streets between People 's Square and the Bund make up another intriguing area -- the oldest part of Shanghai developed by the British colonists . You can use Fuzhou Lu as an axis and explore the surrounding small streets , slowly making your way eastbound toward the Bund . These backstreets paint a good portrait of Shanghai 's economic transition , with modern office buildings and high-end art galleries standing next to wet markets , tiny local food stalls and residential alleyways . The neighborhood also contains one of the few Muslim quarters in Shanghai , located between Guangxi Bei Lu and Zhejiang Zhong Lu . Easy-to-pack souvenirs Shanghai 's top knickknack emporium is the Fuyou Wholesale Market in the Old Town . Local residents and businessmen come here for gifts or decor at two-thirds of the regular retail price . Many objects are souvenir candidates , such as colorful chopsticks , purses and cushion covers made with brocade , or bottle openers shaped like Peking Opera masks . You can also hit the Dongtai Lu Antique market for mass-produced Mao pins and Little Red Books . Few objects in this market are really antique , but they still make cool souvenirs . Remember to bargain -- half the asking price is a good strategy . Tianzifang on Taikang Lu is another good source of souvenirs . Apart from the many boutiques filled with wacky T-shirts , communist-style postman bags and mugs , this amazing alleyway shopping complex has adorable tea shops selling carefully packed Chinese loose-leaf tea , handcrafted jewelry and artistic postcards . Fuyou Wholesale Market , 427 Fuyou Lu , near Henan Nan Lu Dongtai Lu Antique market , Liuhekou Road , Lu Wan Qu	No need to hire a ride from the airport when you 've got the Shanghai Maglev , the world 's fastest train Shanghai 's best fashion purchase is a tailor-made Shanghai qipao , made famous by film "  In the Mood for Love " Shanghai restaurant Maison de L'hui on Julu Lu is set in the former home of a 1930s mob boss
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has not held golf 's No. 1 ranking since October 2010 , but he is now within touching distance of adding to his record 623 weeks at the top . The 14-time major champion can topple Luke Donald by winning the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational tournament for the eighth time as long as the Englishman finishes no higher than third come Sunday . "  It would be nice to get back there because obviously it meant that as far as I had dropped , to build my way back up to this point , I 've had some wins , I 've had some very high finishes , I 've been consistent , " said Woods , who dropped as low as 58th following his well-publicized divorce and injury problems . "  That 's how you get to be one of the top players in the world . To be ranked as low as I did and then come all the way back to , as of right now , No. 2 , that 's pretty good . " Woods has finished tied for 40th , 21st and third in the three majors ahead of this season 's final one -- next week 's PGA Championship at Kiawah Island . Scott 's collapse hands British Open crown to Els He tops the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup standings after three tournament victories which have taken him to second on the all-time list with 74 . He is the only three-time winner on the U.S. circuit , but will be teeing off at Firestone on Thursday with South Africa 's Branden Grace -- the only player on the European Tour with a hat-trick of victories in 2012 . "  I feel very comfortable where I am at because everything is progressing , " Woods said on the PGA Tour website . "  This year I 've taken the steps headed in the right direction and shot better scores and been more consistent . "  When you make changes like I 've made in my game , it takes a little bit of time , and things are starting to click in now . And to have three wins this year , it 's headed in the right direction . " Woods pulled out of the final round of the last WGC event , the Cadillac Championship in March , but has since put his injuries behind him . "  It 's nice knowing that we have a big event with the best players in the world here right before a major championship , " the 36-year-old said . "  This will be a nice way to get our games ready for obviously next week but also really test us at the same time . Having back-to-back championships like this , it 's a positive thing . " Donald has held the No. 1 ranking for 55 weeks across four different stints , but is still seeking his first major title . "  I 'm certainly very proud of my No. 1 ranking and how long I 've kept it , " the 34-year-old said . "  That shows how consistent I 've been over the last couple years , and I 'll continue to try and work on accomplishing a lot more in this game . "  And if I keep doing what I know I can do , winning more tournaments and hopefully winning majors , then hopefully I can stay there . "  But obviously I 've got a lot of great players behind me , including Tiger . It 's good to have guys like that chomping at your heel . They push you to work harder , to challenge yourself to try and get to that next level . "	World No. 2 Tiger Woods has Luke Donald in his sights at WGC-Bridgestone Invitational American will return to top if he wins the PGA Tour event for the eighth time Woods dropped as low as 58th but third place at British Open continued his steady resurgence He will be playing alongside the only other three-time winner of 2012 , Branden Grace
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Navy is investigating how thousands of dollars went missing in the rescue of the captain of the Maersk Alabama in April , a Pentagon source told CNN . The USS Bainbridge tows the lifeboat in which Capt. Robert Phillips was held for days . The Naval Criminal Investigative Service opened an investigation into how $ 30,000 disappeared after special forces snipers shot and killed three pirates , ending the multi-day siege and freeing the captain , who had been held hostage . Investigators are talking to anyone who may have had contact with the money or knowledge about what happened to it , the source said , including military personnel on the warship , Navy SEALs who rescued Capt. Richard Phillips , and the crew of the Maersk Alabama . The NCIS and the Maersk Line Ltd. , which owns the Maersk Alabama , have not responded to CNN 's request for comment . In a criminal complaint filed against the one surviving alleged pirate , Abduwali Muse , the government contends the alleged pirate demanded money from the ship 's captain and led him by gun point to the ship 's safe . Watch CNN 's Chris Lawrence on the investigation " "  The captain opened the safe and took out approximately $ 30,000 in cash . Muse and two other pirates then took the cash , " the criminal complaint contends . It goes on to allege that Muse distributed some of the money to the other pirates who retreated to a lifeboat where they were holding the captain as a captive . See timeline of events that led to piracy case " All three of the other pirates were killed by U.S. Special Forces snipers during the rescue but the complaint does not list any money recovered from the boat after the rescue . It only lists rifles , a hand gun , artillery , cell phones and handheld radios .	The Naval Criminal Investigative Service opened an investigation into missing cash $ 30,000 disappeared after rescue of captain of Maersk Alabama by Navy SEALs SEALs shot and killed three pirates , ending multi-day siege , freeing captain in April Pirates reportedly led captain at gun point to the ship 's safe
CNN  -- It was a case of like father like son for Chinese Grand Prix winner Nico Rosberg , who followed in the footsteps of his famous parent on Sunday . The 26-year-old Mercedes driver is the third son of a Formula One racer to win a race -- achieving the feat 30 years after his father Keke claimed his first checkered flag at the Swiss Grand Prix . They joined Britain 's Graham and Damon Hill and Canada 's Gilles and Jacques Villeneuve as the only father and son duos to triumph in the 62-year history of the sport . Rosberg is hoping to build on his long-awaited first victory after heading off McLaren 's Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton in Shanghai . "  It 's amazing to have it , " the German said in a video blog on the team 's website after his 111th race as an F1 driver . "  It 's been a long time waiting and Niki Lauda  three-time world champion  said that the first win is the most difficult . After that it gets easier . So if that 's the way it goes that would be fantastic . " Only four drivers in F1 history have waited longer to claim victory : Button  113  , Jarno Trulli  117  , Rubens Barrichello  124  and Mark Webber  131  . He still has some catching up to do to his Finnish father , who won the 1982 world title with Williams as he collected five race wins in a nine-season career from 1978 to 1986 . For Nico , Sunday 's win was a cause of celebration with Keke . But the Hills and Villeneuves were sadly never able to enjoy the feat together , as both fathers died in tragic circumstances . Britain 's Damon Hill made history in 1996 when he won the world title with Williams to add to those Graham took home in 1962 and 1968 , making them the only father and son to both be drivers ' champions . Damon won 22 races in an eight-season career spanning from 1992 to 1999 , but Graham never saw him race as he died in 1975 when the plane he was flying crashed in foggy conditions in North London . His son was just 15 at the time . Hill senior earned the nickname "  Mr. Monaco " after winning on the Monte Carlo circuit five times out of his career total of 15 victories . Gilles Villeneuve was also never there to see his son Jacques win the 1997 world championships with Williams , triumphing in 11 races overall in a 10-season career spanning 1996 to 2006 . A charismatic and thrilling driver , Gilles died in 1982 during a qualifying session at the Belgian Grand Prix -- having been runner-up in the world championship three years earlier with Ferrari . He won six races overall , the first in his home grand prix in 1978 at the Montreal circuit now named after him .	Nico Rosberg wins Chinese Grand Prix , 30 years after father Keke won Swiss Grand Prix He is the third son of an F1 driver to win a race , following the Hills and Villeneuves Win is Nico 's 111th race , hopefully paving the way for more victories Nico 's Finnish father was able to celebrate his win , unlike Graham Hill and Gilles Villeneuve
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Bishop Earl Paulk , a charismatic preacher brought down by a series of sex scandals , has died . He was 81 . Bishop Earl Paulk died this weekend at 81 . Paulk died near midnight Saturday at the Atlanta Medical Center , a nursing supervisor confirmed to CNN . The bishop had been at the hospital for several days , she said . Paulk 's death came after an "  extended and horrible battle with cancer , " Paulk 's nephew , Bishop Jim Swilley , wrote in a blog post . Paulk founded the Chapel Hill Harvester Church in Decatur , a suburb of Atlanta . It quickly grew to become one of the first megachurches in the country . Paulk also had his own television show . But his success as a preacher was overshadowed time and again by allegations of sexual impropriety . One allegation ended in a civil suit that was settled out of court in 2003 . The accuser said Paulk molested her when she was a child . A second woman claimed the bishop forced her into a 14-year affair . She filed , withdrew and refiled a suit . Dennis Brewer , an attorney for Paulk , admitted to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution that Paulk had a brief adulterous relationship with the woman , but said she was the initiator . During a deposition in the case , the bishop said under oath the woman was the only one he slept with outside of marriage . But a court-ordered paternity test showed that he also fathered a child with his sister-in-law . Other allegations -- some true , some unfounded -- cost the church membership , as worshippers dwindled from 10,000 to about 1,000 . "  As most of you know , my family has been walking through a very long nightmare season in connection with things concerning him , " Swilley wrote in his blog post . "  Please pray for some much needed healing and closure for us all . "	Bishop Earl Paulk died near midnight Saturday at the Atlanta Medical Center Paulk was accused several times of molesting various church members Paulk was battling cancer , according to a blog posting by his nephew
CNN  -- Manchester United 's American owners have again insisted that the English club is not for sale , releasing a short statement while announcing second-quarter financial results on Friday . British media have renewed speculation that Qatar 's royal family will make an offer of a reported # 1.8 billion  $ 2.9 billion  for a club that U.S. billionaire Malcolm Glazer and his family bought in 2005 at an overall value of # 800 million . "  The board notes recent press speculation regarding a possible bid for Manchester United , " the statement said . "  The owners remain fully committed to their long-term ownership of the club . "  No discussions have taken place , Manchester United is not for sale and the owners will not entertain any offers . " The Glazers have been criticized by United fans after it was revealed that their takeover involved a # 660 million debt in finance leveraging , which they have been paying off with club revenue since . The latest results showed that the 18-time English league champions ' turnover for the three months up until December 31 , 2010 increased from # 87 million  $ 140 million  to # 93.2 million  $ 150 million  . While domestic matchday income for the period dropped slightly from # 33.1 million to # 32.8 million , and media revenue stayed similar , commercial turnover including overseas merchandising climbed from # 19.2 million  $ 31 million  to # 25.5 million  $ 41 million  . Gross debt dropped from # 512.5 million  $ 825 million  to # 489.4 million  $ 787 million  while the board revealed the club had net assets of # 771 million  $ 1.2 billion  and a cash balance of # 134.5 million  $ 216 million  . United 's bid to win a record 19th domestic crown continues at Wigan on Saturday as Alex Ferguson 's team seek to restore a four-point lead over second-placed Arsenal -- who face Birmingham in Sunday 's League Cup final .	Glazer family reacts to speculation that Qatar royal family wants to buy the club Manchester United 's owners insist no offers have been made or talks started English Premier League leaders release results for second financial quarter The club 's gross debt has gone down while turnover has increased
Juan De la Torre is living in the United States completely legally . He came here from Mexico with his parents at age 14 . His father , a migrant worker , became a permanent resident and filed immigrant petitions for the whole family . Eighteen years later , De la Torre is still in a constant cycle of waiting to hear from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services . He 's not an American citizen . He does n't even have a green card , or permanent residency status . He 's just in limbo , waiting to upgrade to a green card from his approved immigrant petition . In the immigration debate that has gripped the country , De la Torre is one of many legal immigrants who feel they 've been overlooked . What to do about millions of undocumented immigrants has been discussed at length in government and the media . But legal immigrants , who say they 're spending countless hours and thousands of dollars to do it right , want reform to help their struggle , too . De la Torre 's experience is n't unheard of . For most legal immigrants , it takes at least five years to become a citizen , and that 's after you already have a green card -- a process that can take years because of the finite number of visas available . Some legal immigrants live in the United States for 10 years or more before finally becoming naturalized citizens . And they want you to know that , by the way , they 've had to pay taxes that whole time . President Obama is listening to the country 's frustrations with the immigration process . He has already made immigration reform a second-term priority , and in his address on immigration this week , the president discussed both illegal and legal immigration . When talking about the legal immigration system , Obama focused on the need to keep promising students and entrepreneurs in the country to help grow the American economy . He also stressed the importance of keeping families together . "  If you 're a citizen , you should n't have to wait years before your family is able to join you in America , " Obama said . While Julie Richard thought the president 's remarks were "  definitely a step in the right direction , " she wished he had been more specific . She and her 7-month-old daughter belong to one of the families that have been torn apart . They ca n't live with her husband and almost never get to see him . Richard is Canadian , husband Brandon Gray is American and daughter Freja was born in the States . When Freja was 2 weeks old , Richard and Gray took her to Canada to visit Richard 's family . But when they tried to get back to their home in Pennsylvania , Richard was denied entrance to the United States . She no longer qualified for a visitor visa because she intended to stay . Even though she had applied for a green card some time back , she says officials wo n't let her into the United States until she has it "  in hand , " a process that could take up to a year . Gray joining the family in Canada is not an option -- he serves in the National Guard and is a full-time college student -- so they 've been living apart for six months . Richard recently found out she 's been granted an interview , the final step toward getting a green card , but she does n't yet know when it will be . "  I have stopped keeping track of all of the firsts  Gray  is missing out on , " she says . "  I do n't want to think about it and to tell him would only serve to break his heart even further . " "  I regret to this day not calling a lawyer before leaving the  United States  , " she added . "  I 'm not looking to jump the queue ; I just want to wait down in the States . " Even for families that are able to stay together , the hardships that come with waiting for citizenship are n't trivial . It took De la Torre , the man who 's been waiting 18 years for a green card , eight years to get a bachelor 's degree . As a noncitizen , he was n't eligible for much financial aid and had to work part-time . Other noncitizens are n't allowed to work at all . Carlos Paris is able to work , but says that comes with a set of problems all its own . A mechanical engineer originally from Venezuela , he has been in the United States for eight years with his wife and two children on an H-1B visa , which is for foreign workers with specialized expertise . That means if he were to lose his job , he could be forced to leave the country . He worries about having to restart the entire immigration process from scratch -- a daunting prospect , given the expense and waiting time involved . "  I think  politicians  are going about this all wrong , " Paris says . "  You should cater to the well-prepared people , and cater to them well . Restrict illegal immigration , but maintain a more reasonable legal immigration policy . " De la Torre , who says the immigration offices know him by name at this point , would like to see immigration policy that addresses both undocumented and documented immigrants . "  I 'm very happy they 're helping the 11 million people here illegally , but what are they doing for us ? " he says . "  What good is it for me to be legal if they 're not going to help us ? I 've been paying taxes since I got my Social Security card when I was 21 . But yet I 'm not receiving anything back . "	Some legal immigrants feel they 're being overlooked in the immigration debate Juan De la Torre came to the U.S. legally and has been waiting 18 years for green card "  I 'm ... happy they 're helping the people here illegally , but what are they doing for us ? " he asks President Obama addressed both legal and illegal immigration in his speech this week .
CNN  -- In September of 2006 , President Bush announced that 14 suspected terrorists who were being held in CIA custody had been transferred to the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Alleged 9/11 planner Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was held in secret and moved to Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The men were to be tried before military tribunals . U.S. officials have said the suspects are linked to terrorist plots -- both successful and thwarted . Those terror plots include the 2002 bombings on the resort island of Bali , the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole in Yemen and the 1998 attack on the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania . During a news conference acknowledging the transfer of these prisoners , Bush told reporters what set them apart from other U.S. captives . "  These are dangerous men with unparalleled knowledge about terrorist networks and their plans for new attacks , " said Bush . He said "  questioning the detainees in this program has given us information that has saved innocent lives by helping us stop new attacks -- here in the United States and across the world . " Bush said the prisoners would be questioned at the Guantanamo prison "  subject to the new U.S. Army Field Manual " and "  they will continue to be treated with the humanity that they denied others . " "  I want to be absolutely clear with our people , and the world : The United States does not torture , " said Bush . "  It 's against our laws , and it 's against our values . I have not authorized it -- and I will not authorize it . " Although President Obama has promised to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay , prisoners there still face military tribunals . One of the 14 men has been moved from Guantanamo to U.S. soil and is being tried in federal court .	In ' 06 , suspected terrorists in CIA custody moved from secret prisons to Gitmo President Bush : Group included suspects linked to 9/11 , Bali bombs , USS Cole Interactive gallery includes photos , details on the 14 prisoners One of the prisoners was moved to U.S. for federal trial
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- A moderate Islamist party appears to be heading toward victory as votes are counted in Morocco 's first parliamentary elections since constitutional reforms in the summer . The Justice and Development Party  PJD  won at least 80 seats , Interior Minister Taib Cherkaoui said Saturday , with at least 288 seats out of 395 counted . The party 's secretary general Abdelilah Benkirane said the party had won more than 100 seats . Even the lower figure of 80 would give the PJD more seats than any other party , according to the Moroccan government 's website . The next biggest winner was the Independence Party , with 45 seats , that website reported . The number of parties involved in Morocco 's multi-party system means no single party is likely to win a majority of the seats , so a coalition government would have to be formed . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offered her congratulations Saturday "  on the successful completion " of the elections . "  The United States stands ready to work with the new parliament and the people of Morocco to strengthen the rule of law , raise human rights standards , promote transparent and accountable governance , and work toward sustained , democratic reform , " she said . Turnout in the North African country was 45 % , the Interior Ministry said Friday . The National Democratic Institute -- which had 41 accredited observers from 21 countries that went to over 200 polling stations on Friday -- said in a press release that the elections "  were conducted transparently . " The voting process was described as "  technically sound " and "  without fear of tampering or procedural violations . " But one institute member , Canadian Liberal Party leader Bob Rae , also pointed to the turnout and a number of invalid and spoiled ballots as negatives . "  Seeing the number of people who actively spoiled their ballots as well as those who did not participate , it is clear that the path to real change will take more effort and time , " Rae said . Lise Storm , senior lecturer in Middle East Politics at the University of Exeter in England , said Friday that the outcome might signal whether the population is happy with the monarchy or not . The more votes for the PJD appear to indicate a desire for greater change , she said -- as opposed to votes for the bloc of traditional loyalist parties , which would suggest voters favor the status quo . Under the new constitution , approved by referendum in July , both Parliament and the prime minister have greater powers , while the monarch 's sway has been slightly lessened . The changes mean the prime minister must now be chosen from the party that wins the greatest number of votes -- which , based on the preliminary results , would be the Justice and Development Party -- rather than King Mohammed VI selecting his own nominee for the job . The reforms came after thousands of Moroccans took to the streets to demonstrate earlier this year , inspired by what became known as the Arab Spring . The youth-based February 20 Movement called for jobs and an end to corruption its members say stems from royal cronies . Analysts say economic reform is needed to create more jobs for the country 's young people , particularly many university graduates who are unemployed . Journalist Aida Alami contributed to this report .	NEW : The Islamist Justice and Development Party wins more votes than any other party NEW : Observers call the election transparent , while faulting the relatively low turnout NEW : Hillary Clinton congratulates Morrocans on the "  successful " elections Constitutional reforms were approved by referendum in July
CNN  -- Authorities launched a search Thursday after two passengers went missing overnight off Australia 's eastern coast . The 30-year-old man and 26-year-old woman were reported missing when the Carnival Cruise ship Spirit docked in Sydney on Thursday morning , CNN affiliate Seven Network reported . The first clue came when they did n't claim their luggage . Police , who have examined onboard video , believe the couple went overboard about 150 kilometers  93 miles  off Foster , New South Wales . "  We believe that they were up mid-deck , which is halfway up the side of the ship , which is quite a way to fall , " said Detective Superintendent Mark Hutchings of the New South Wales Police Marine Area Command . Read more : Carnival cruise line in more troubled waters The couple was sharing a cabin and traveling with family and friends on a 10-day Pacific Island cruise . Despite the 220-kilometer  135 mile  distance from Foster to Sydney , police said they remain optimistic "  It 's game on and we are going to be pulling out all stops to try and find these people , " Hutchings said . These developments are the latest in a series of high-profile incidents involving the cruise line . In February , an engine room fire left the Carnival Triumph adrift in the Gulf of Mexico , with passengers reporting overflowing toilets and human waste running down the walls in some parts of the ship . On a March cruise , the Carnival Dream lost power , and some toilets stopped working . CNN 's Tina Burnside and Ric Ward contributed to this report .	The couple was at the end of a 10-day Pacific Island cruise . Police believe the couple went overboard about 150 kilometers off Foster , New South Wales They were reported missing when the Carnival Spirit docked in Sydney
CNN  -- The Haskell County , Oklahoma , Commission has 10 years to pay attorneys ' fees of $ 199,000 after it was forced to remove an 8-foot-tall Ten Commandments monument . The county has been in litigation with the American Civil Liberties Union of Oklahoma since 2006 , after it allowed a resident to pay for and erect the granite monument on the courthouse lawn in Stigler . After a series of court decisions up to the U.S. Supreme Court , which refused to hear the case , the ACLU prevailed . The monument was removed in March , and the attorneys ' fees were settled last week , ACLU attorney Micheal Salem said . Salem said the commandments were moved to private property owned by the American Legion about 150 feet from the courthouse . ACLU Deputy Director Chuck Thornton said that when the commandments were erected on public property , it became an endorsement of religion . "  It 's a very unwelcoming thing for those who do not subscribe to the Judeo  Christian  belief system . The government should not be in the business of showing favoritism or endorsing religion , " he said . "  The ACLU would never have been involved if it was somewhere other than public property . We do n't want to squelch anyone 's rights of free expression . " An attorney for the Alliance Defense League , which represented the county , did not return a call for comment . Haskell County is a community of more than 12,000 residents southeast of Tulsa .	The courts ordered the Haskell County Commission to remove the monument in 2009 The U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear the case in March The county government has 10 years to pay $ 199,000 in attorneys ' fees
From the time they entered Europe from India a thousand years ago , the Roma were targets of discrimination . Countries passed laws to suppress their culture and keep them out of the mainstream -- and sometimes went much further . Roma were enslaved in Hungary and Romania in the 15th century and targeted for extermination by Nazi Germany 500 years later . Opinion : Europe 's Roma discrimination shame Estimates of Romani deaths in the Holocaust range from 25 % to 70 % of the Roma population in Europe . Many Roma remain on the fringes of mainstream European society -- a fact underscored in the current case of a Romani couple accused of child abduction in Greece . The fair-skinned child caught the eyes of authorities when they visited a Roma community . The couple 's attorney says they adopted the child from the biological mother but did n't go through a legal process . On Thursday , a Bulgarian woman came forward to say she left the girl in Greece with a family she worked for in 2009 , Bulgarian Interior Ministry General Secretary Svetlozar Lazarov said . Rights groups say the latest case is bound to shine a harsh spotlight once again on the Roma . "  The risk of this case is to further put more stereotype and racism on the general picture of the Roma community , " said Dezideriu Gergely , executive director of European Roma Rights Centre . "  What is important here is to understand that this case is not one that defines the Roma . It is a case that needs to be looked at as an individual case and that could happen in any minority group . Not culturally related to the Roma minority or ethnically related to the Roma minority . Criminality is not ethnically related . " Photo gallery : The plight of the Roma How are the Roma today ? Today , one in three Roma in Europe are unemployed and 90 % live below the poverty line , according to the European Union Agency for Fundamental Human Rights . Many Roma continue to live in camps or caravans , but it 's hard to say how many prefer that lifestyle and how many simply can not find a way to settle down . Advocates say the Roma are denied a fair chance to secure housing , employment and education . And the EU human rights agency said governments must act to stop the "  exclusion " of the Roma from mainstream society . How many people are Romani ? From 10 million to 12 million in Europe , according to the EU human rights agency , which said last year that the Roma are Europe 's largest minority . Most live in southern and eastern Europe , although they can be found throughout the continent . What is their language ? The Romani language includes multiple dialects , all evolved from Sanskrit . The language is largely unwritten , however , because of the high rates of illiteracy in most Roma communities , according to information from Minnesota State University . What is their religion ? Some are Christian and some are Muslim , having converted while migrating through Persia and the Balkans , according to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum . Why were they called gypsies ? Because when they entered Europe -- perhaps from the 8th to 10th centuries , although scholars differ on the timeline -- people mistakenly thought they came from Egypt . Actually , they originated in the Punjab region of India . The term "  gypsy " is considered pejorative by some Roma . Romani scholar Ian Hancock , a Romani raised in Great Britiain , says the term falsely implies that Roma are not a race -- that they are simply a group choosing a lifestyle . Why did the Roma become nomads ? Probably because they were distrusted and discriminated against by Europeans . Like Jews , the Roma often were prohibited from buying land or entering the more stable occupations . At some point , the nomadic lifestyle became the norm for them . By the 20th century , the number of truly nomadic Roma began declining . Some advocates say many Europeans wrongly assume all Roma still want to be nomads -- and use that belief to justify authorities ' failure to provide housing when they evict Roma from camps . What kind of discrimination did they face ? Roma were living in Spain , France , England , and large parts of what is today Russia and Eastern Europe by the late 1400s . They suffered persecution in those countries ranging from laws against their language and dress to expulsion , according to Minnesota State . In the beginning of the 15th century , many Roma were forced into slavery by Hungarian and Romanian nobles who needed laborers for their large estates , according to the university . Roma suffered persecution during World War II . The Nazis judged Roma to be "  racially inferior , " according to the Holocaust museum . "  Their fate in some ways paralleled that of the Jews , " the museum said . The Nazis subjected Roma to internment , forced labor , and murder . "  While exact figures or percentages can not be ascertained , historians estimate that the Germans and their allies killed around 25 % of all European Roma , " the museum says . "  Of slightly less than 1 million Roma believed to have been living in Europe before the war , the Germans and their Axis partners killed up to 220,000 . " Is the modern discrimination just economic ? Amnesty International says European governments continue to actively discriminate against the Roma . The organization says the French government , ignoring court rulings , continues to evict people from Roma settlements with inadequate provision for other housing . Amnesty International is spotlighting segregation of Romani children in schools in Slovakia . School segregation also has been an issue in Greece . The European Court for Human Rights ruled that Greek authorities discriminated against Roma children in the town of Aspropyrgos , where non-Roma parents in 2005 blockaded an elementary school to demonstrate against the admission of Roma children . The Roma children were placed in a separate building .	EU agency : 90 % of Roma live below poverty line Roma are Europe 's largest minority Roma arrived from India about 1,000 years ago , usually unwelcome in Europe School segregation , forced evictions are among issues
Five more lifeless bodies have been found on the slopes of Japan 's Mount Ontake , bringing the total number of presumed dead in a volcanic eruption Saturday to 36 . Twenty-four bodies still remain on the mountain , while 12 have been recovered , identified and pronounced dead , Nagano Prefecture Police said Monday . The search for more missing hikers has been suspended due to dangerous conditions at summit . Hydrogen sulfide gas is being spewed from the mountain , police said , putting rescuers in danger . The volcano in central Japan unleashed a huge cloud of ash late Saturday morning that billowed down the mountainside and engulfed hikers in its path . Witnesses described hearing a sound like thunder when the eruption began . Desperate relatives Relatives of the missing gathered near Mount Ontake over the weekend desperately seeking information . Among them was Kiyokazu Tokoro from nearby Aichi prefecture , whose son , Yuki , was hiking on the volcano with his girlfriend . He said he knew they were near the summit at the time of the eruption because his son 's girlfriend had sent a photo to a friend minutes beforehand . "  All I can do is beg for your help to get information , " he told CNN . "  Please help us . " Authorities estimated there were 200 to 250 hikers in the area at the time of the eruption . Most of them were reported to have managed to make the long trek down the mountain . But some people remained trapped in several lodges on Mount Ontake , and others were missing altogether , local authorities said . More than 350 rescue workers -- a mix of police , firefighters and military personnel -- began climbing two separate routes up the mountain on Sunday morning , authorities in the nearby village of Otaki said . They said they observed 17-20 inches  40-50 centimeters  of volcanic ash covering the ground in some areas . High alert The Japan Meteorological Agency has raised the Volcanic Alert Level for Ontake from 1 to 3 . That means the public is advised to not approach the volcano , the summit of which is at an altitude of 10,060 feet  3,067 meters  . The agency warned that another large eruption could take place in the next six days or so . Small continuous eruptions continued Sunday . The volcano 's plume of smoke and ash was reported to have disrupted air travel in Japan , causing delays at several airports . Mount Ontake , the second tallest volcano in Japan , after Mount Fuji , is a popular destination for hikers , especially in the fall when the foliage 's rich autumn colors are on display . The last major eruption of Mount Ontake , which is about 125 miles  200 kilometers  west of Tokyo , took place in 1979 , according to the Global Volcanism Program at the Smithsonian Institute . That eruption lasted months , spewing out more than 200,000 tons of ash , the Japanese news agency Kyodo reported .	36 people are now presumed dead following volcanic eruption 24 bodies still remain on the mountain , while 12 have been recovered and pronounced dead Seismologists warn that another big eruption could take place in the coming days Mount Ontake began erupting Saturday , unleashing a cloud of ash that engulfed hikers
CNN  -- President Obama has characterized his 2014 budget , released Wednesday , not as his ideal vision for how much the federal government ought to tax and spend , but rather as a compromise that aims to respect the priorities of Democrats and Republicans . He has insisted that congressional Republicans see the policy options laid out in his budget as a package deal , not as a menu of policy options from which to choose . And so the president 's budget includes reductions in the planned growth of Social Security and Medicare spending , to appeal to conservative advocates of spending restraint , and a number of tax increases , the bulk of which are designed to affect high-earners , a high priority of the president 's congressional allies . House Speaker John Boehner and other leading congressional Republicans have made their opposition to further tax increases clear . But President Obama 's tax proposals nevertheless merit close attention , as they tell us a great deal about his priorities . One of the ways the Obama administration seeks to raise revenue is to have the federal government adopt chained CPI , a method of calculating consumer price inflation that factors in the fact that consumers tend to substitute some goods for others in response to rising or falling prices . Chained CPI has been discussed primarily with regards to its impact on federal outlays , and particularly Social Security spending , as it is expected to lead to somewhat lower cost-of-living adjustments that in turn will lead to somewhat lower Social Security benefit levels . Yet chained CPI will also lead tax brackets to be adjusted more slowly than they are under the federal government 's current inflation index . This adjustment is expected to yield roughly $ 100 billion in new tax revenues over the next decade . In addition , the president has revived two proposals that figured prominently in his 2013 budget : the so-called "  Buffett Rule , " which requires that households earning $ 1 million or more pay a minimum of 30 % of their income in federal taxes , after allowing for charitable giving , and a limit on tax deductions for the highest-earning 2 % of households . The Buffett Rule essentially raises taxes on millionaires who earn long-term capital gains , as Alan Viard of the conservative American Enterprise Institute has explained . The downside of the Buffett Rule , according to Viard , is that it might discourage capital investment and increase reliance on debt financing . The limit on tax deductions , meanwhile , reduces the value of itemized deductions to the 28 % tax rate for households . That is , even as a household enters the 33 , 35 , and 39.6 % tax brackets , the value of its itemized deductions will remain at the lower 28 % rate . The president 's budget also calls for substantial increases in federal taxes on tobacco products , which are designed to fund new preschool efforts . President Obama 's tax proposals illustrate how difficult it will be to raise tax revenues by a substantial amount while shielding middle-income households from tax increases . Chained CPI and tax increases on tobacco products will almost certainly affect some number of households earning less than $ 250,000 a year , yet the Obama administration also intends to increase the size of the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax Credit , which will tend to mitigate any harmful effect . Capping the value of itemized deductions will raise a substantial amount of revenue . But it wo n't do as much as more ambitious proposals to limit individual tax expenditures , like converting tax preferences tied to marginal tax rates to nonrefundable tax credits . This approach , however , also runs into political pitfalls , as it will raise taxes on at least some middle-income households , even as it reduces them for large numbers of low - and middle-income non-itemizers . If President Obama hopes to build momentum for a substantial revenue increase , he would be well advised to cheer on the efforts of Sen. Max Baucus , D-Montana , and Rep. Dave Camp , R-Michigan , the chairmen of the tax-writing committees of the Senate and House respectively , as both are working toward a larger , more ambitious tax overhaul . Though Camp and his Republican allies are resistant to tax increases , they might prove more amenable if comprehensive tax reform results in lower rates . Back in 2011 , for example , the center-left Progressive Policy Institute released its "  Modified Zero Plan , " which eliminated all tax expenditures but the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax Credit and lowered rates to 12 , 22 , and 28 % . Despite these substantially lower rates , revenues would increase , in part because capital income would be subject to the same tax rates as ordinary income . Of course , measures like the Buffett Rule would increase effective taxes on capital income even further . If Baucus and Camp converge around something like the Modified Zero Plan , the tax debate might finally break out of its current grim stalemate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reihan Salam .	Reihan Salam : President is casting his budget as one with bipartisan appeal He says Obama still wants to target high income earners for tax increases Parts of the Obama plan will affect middle-income taxpayers , too , he says Salam : Budget shows difficulty of raising revenues without hitting middle class
The G20 is in town and with it comes sacred flames , security bans , street protests and a bizarre front page depiction of world leaders in various states of undress . The Australian city of Brisbane arguably has n't seen this much excitement since World Expo '88 transformed a derelict strip of industrial land into a sprawling souvenir shop and later an inner city beach . Preparations have been underway for more than two years , since ex-Prime Minister Julia Gillard 's former Labor government proposed the city as a venue for the world 's largest and most influential economic talks . Current Prime Minister Tony Abbott has sworn that this G20 "  will not be a talkfest . " Still , over the next few days , political pundits will be scrutinizing the words , actions and gestures of at least 25 world leaders for hints at future policy . While they do , here are few lesser-known facts about Brisbane 's G20 . 1 . There 's a sacred ceremonial fire At least , we hope there is . Last week , firefighters responded to a 000 call -- Australia 's version of 911 -- to report an open fire in the city 's Musgrave Park near the G20 center . Officers duly put it out , only to be confronted by angry Aboriginal elders of the Jagera tribe who had lit the sacred ceremonial flame for G20 , according to ABC reporter Michael James . "  They accosted the firefighters , yelling at them , a fair bit of swearing , accusing them of deliberately attempting to extinguish the fire as they knew that it was their sacred fire , " James told CNN . The embers used to light the blaze came from the fire burning at the Aboriginal Tent Embassy in Canberra , the headquarters of a long campaign for recognition and compensation for the theft of Aboriginal land . During a march through the city on Monday , activists stopped in the middle of the street and broke into traditional dance , James said . More protests are planned during G20 . 2 . Banned : Eggs , stones , insects If you thought about taking your lizard for a walk through inner city Brisbane this week think again . "  A reptile , insect , or other animal capable of causing physical harm if released in close proximity to a person " are banned from key areas of the city , according to the government 's G20 security law . You ca n't carry an egg , stone , metal cans , tins or glass bottles , and especially not ones that contain urine or manure , which are also on the banned list . Of course , crossbows are out and it would be best to leave your whips at home . 3 . Step away from the mayonnaise The threat of terrorism may be on the minds of police chiefs , but the state 's top doctor has said she 's more worried about egg mayonnaise . Local caterers are expecting to prepare around 100,000 meals for delegates , media and police over the two-day event , creating a potential Salmonella minefield . "  We 've seen quite a few outbreaks in Queensland over the last few years , mainly due to raw eggs , " Dr. Jeannette Young told The Australian . "  My personal view is we should all shy away from raw egg mayonnaise at all times , " she said . 4 . Cheese please U.S. President Obama is known to love a cheese burger , which is presumably why Brisbane Airport 's Windmill & Co. has created the Big Obama Burger . Either that or they fancied some free publicity . The towering burger includes two Angus beef patties , cheese  of course  , onions , onion rings , spinach , tomato , cucumbers and mustard . Fans of local burger delicacies , beetroot and pineapple , will have to look elsewhere . 5 . Mind the signs A row has erupted over signs at Brisbane Airport , which would have been some of the first images delegates saw as they make their way through arrivals . The rejected slogans , submitted by Civil Society 20  C20  and Transparency International included : "  If corruption was an industry it would be the world 's third largest . " And "  Women comprise 70 % of the world 's poor . " Brisbane Airport tweeted : "  We do n't accept any political ads , whether from parties , cause based organizations or individuals , regardless of issue/message . " C20 spokesman John Lindsay said : "  It 's a sad day for Australia if talking about inequality , climate change or corruption are deemed too political . " The airport is offering a billboard of world leaders to satisfy demands for selfies . 6 . Still at the airport ... Possibly the people most excited about G20 right now are about 120 plane spotters who are at Brisbane Airport eagerly awaiting the arrival of planes never before seen the country . "  The mood is excellent . People are excited about these aircraft visiting and how it puts Brisbane on the map in a global sense , " Beau Chenery from PlaneImages.net told CNN . "  Some of these aircraft will probably never visit Brisbane again so it really is a one in a lifetime opportunity for aviation photographers . " The most anticipated touchdowns are President Putin 's Ilyushin Il-96 and Obama 's Air Force One . "  Everyone 's hoping for Air Force One but it probably wo n't happen , " plane spotter Daniel Vorbach told the ABC . "  I 'd be ecstatic . That would be the pinnacle of everything . "	Away from G20 talks , protests , planes attract attention in Brisbane Local paper depicts Obama in shorts , with headline "  Welcome to Paradise " Security law bans lizards , insects from restricted areas of city Planespotters excited over steady succession of arrivals at Brisbane Airport
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Two hostages working for the United Nations were freed hours after they were taken in the Yemeni capital on Tuesday , an official told CNN . The senior Interior Ministry official spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media . The Ministry released a statement announcing the hostage incident in Sanaa "  has ended after Yemeni forces freed an Italian national . "  The kidnappers were detained by the authorities , " it said in a statement . It was not immediately clear why the Ministry statement only mentioned one hostage , but the official said one was Italian and one was Yemeni-Italian . The incident took place in Hadda district , considered one of the safest and heavy guarded areas in Sanaa , on Tuesday evening . "  The militants were able to escape , but security checkpoints throughout the capital have been alerted , " the senior Interior Ministry official told CNN earlier . "  Local council officials in Sanaa have also been asked to inform residents in their areas and keep watch within Sanaa neighborhoods in case the kidnappers choose to hide within Sanaa . " A U.N. official , declining to be named , confirmed the kidnapping of the employees to CNN . No further details were immediately available . Kidnapping has long been a problem in Yemen , with tribes often using foreign nationals as bargaining chips in their dealings with the central government . But the past 24 months have proven even more dangerous for foreigners . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , believed by many analysts to be the most dangerous affiliate of the terror network . Over the last few months , several foreigners have been kidnapped in Yemen , mainly by militants who have turned to kidnapping for huge financial gains . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report	NEW : Kidnappers detained hours after the abduction , officials say The incident took place in one of the safest areas in Sanaa Kidnapping foreigners to use as bargaining chips has been a problem in Yemen
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court kicked off its new term with some drama on the same-sex marriage front , and a bit of confusion mixed into the proceedings . By tradition , Chief Justice John Roberts -- joined by his eight colleagues -- took to the bench at 10 a.m. and announced the end of the old term and the start of the new , welcoming new lawyers to the court 's bar and holding a one-hour argument on a search and seizure case . But many reporters and court observers were downstairs , preoccupied trying to make sense of a surprise move . In brief orders , the justices without explanation announced they had rejected appeals from five states seeking to keep their bans on same-sex marriage in place . Those states are Utah , Oklahoma , Virginia , Indiana and Wisconsin . The practical effect means gay and lesbian couples in those states could soon become legally wed. . Virginia announced it would start issuing marriage licenses within hours of the court 's action . And because the lower court rulings in these cases are not being reviewed by the Supreme Court , that means similar same-sex marriage bans in six other neighboring states could soon fall in coming weeks . Those states are Colorado , Kansas , Wyoming , West Virginia , North Carolina and South Carolina . Almost no one predicted the justices would do what they did . Many legal analysts and advocates on both sides of the marriage fight suggested the court would either jump in now and decide the constitutional equal protection questions -- or put off consideration of those appeals and the larger issues indefinitely . That is what most members of the press thought when the court issued its order list Monday , a summary of the cases rejected for review . Those appeals from the five states were not on the paper copies given to journalists promptly at 9:30 a.m. Opinion : How Supreme Court 's non-decision helps gay marriage Turns out that the 81-page orders list was missing 30 pages -- including the section where the same-sex marriage appeals were noted . That was a simple printing error , but some reporters went upstairs to hear oral arguments in the second-floor courtroom , thinking no action had been taken on same-sex marriage . By the time the complete orders came out , and the marriage cases were suddenly noted , chaos  and some cursing  ensued as reporters rushed to get the news out . The complete orders list was posted online on the court 's websites several minutes later for the general public to scan . The nine-member bench has the complete discretion to accept or reject any petition presented to it , and the justices are under no deadline to make those calls . The fact they rejected for review the appeals from the five states now was a clear signal the court was not ready to get involved . Nearly every federal and state court in the past 15 months has struck down same-sex marriage bans . One scenario was that the court wants to take a go-slow approach with the marriage equality debate , concluding that since lower courts are all but in agreement , the justices need not get involved at this point . It seems inevitable the issue will be decided . The court 's deliberate move to stay out for now makes this a question not of if , but of when .	The Supreme Court declines to wade into marriage battles in five states As a result , lower court rulings stand and same-sex couples can now marry in those states The Supreme Court initially handed reporters a set of orders that was missing 30 pages Its refusal to tackle the marriage cases was contained within those 30 pages
CNN  -- An arrest in which several punches were thrown has triggered an accusation of brutality against Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , police from the mother of the 18-year-old honor student who was taken into custody . Police , in a criminal complaint on the incident , say "  closed fist strikes " were used by the undercover police officers , but only to subdue the teenager as he tried to get away . His mother said she plans to file a civil rights claim against the officers . Terez Miles said her son , Jordan Miles , who is black , thought his life was in jeopardy when three white men jumped out of a car on the night of January 11 as he walked not far from his home . "  My son tried to run thinking his life was in jeopardy , " Terez Miles said . "  He made three steps before he slipped and fell . " After that , she said , the police used a stun gun and beat him , pulling out a chunk of his hair . The criminal complaint says the officers , considering Jordan Miles ' appearance suspicious , got out of the car and identified themselves as police . He tried to flee , fell , and then struggled to escape . The officers "  delivered 2-3 closed fist strikes to Miles ' head/face with still no effect , " and then a "  knee strike to Miles ' head causing him to momentarily stop resisting , " so that he could be handcuffed , the document says . Miles ' mother said the officers did not identify themselves as police to her son , a viola player and student at the city 's Creative and Performing Arts High School . The complaint says the police officers believed Miles was engaged in criminal activity and possibly armed with a "  large heavy object . " The object turned out to be a bottle of Mountain Dew . Miles was charged with aggravated assault , loitering , resisting arrest and escape . A hearing in the case was scheduled for Thursday , but it was unclear whether the officers involved showed up , said Miles ' attorney , Kerry Lewis . The judge postponed the case until February 18 . Pittsburgh Mayor Luke Ravenstahl is "  taking this very seriously , " said his press secretary , Joanna Doven . "  The case is being investigated , he 's closely monitoring it . He 's met with the chief . " The three officers were taken off plainclothes duty and were back in uniform , she said . Terez Miles contends the officers used too much force . "  My son is 150 pounds and 5-foot-6 . There 's no need for this degree of violence and brutality for someone of this stature , " she said . Lewis said Jordan Miles has no criminal record .	Officers believed Jordan Miles , who ran from them , was engaged in criminal activity Miles ' mother says she plans to file civil rights claim ; judge postpones case until next month Jordan Miles was charged with aggravated assault , loitering , resisting arrest and escape
London  CNN  -- English soccer 's most successful manager -- Manchester United 's Alex Ferguson -- is retiring at the end of the season after more than a quarter of a century at the helm , the club announced Wednesday . The 71-year-old Scot has managed the English club , which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and loved by millions of fans around the world , from Manchester to Manila and Montreal , since 1986 . Everton manager David Moyes is the bookmakers ' favorite to succeed his compatriot , and the 50-year-old will be confirmed as the next United boss on Thursday according to widespread British media reports . During his 26 years in charge , Ferguson -- a supporter of Britain 's Labour Party who 's renowned for dressing down players with the "  hairdryer treatment " -- has won more than 30 trophies , including 13 league championships . Many fans took to Twitter to voice their appreciation , using the handle #thankyousiralex . He became Sir Alex when knighted by the queen more than a decade ago for his services to the game . ` Thank you for everything , ' say Manchester United fans As well as dominating on the pitch , Ferguson has helped build the century-old soccer club into a huge business operation whose progress is followed on stock exchanges around the world . Its shares dipped nearly 5 % in early trading Wednesday . The Old Trafford club is owned by the American Glazer family , who oversaw the club 's listing on the New York Stock Exchange last August . For the 2011-2012 season , United increased revenues by # 14.2 million to # 117.6 million  $ 182.4  , the highest of any club in the Premier League . But it lost the top spot as the world 's most valuable sports franchise in this year 's Forbes list to Spanish soccer club Real Madrid . Forbes valued Manchester United at $ 3.17 billion , still ahead of Barcelona , another Spanish soccer club , and two U.S. outfits , the New York Yankees in Major League Baseball and the Dallas Cowboys in the NFL . Ferguson will bow out after the club 's last game of the season , an away match against West Bromwich Albion , on May 19 , according to a statement from Manchester United . Watch : Alex Ferguson 's legacy Before then he will have one more home game for the "  Red Devils " at Old Trafford on Sunday , against Swansea City . ' A bright future ' It 's not clear who the club will choose to replace him . Ferguson will join the club 's board as a director and "  ambassador , " Manchester United said . "  The decision to retire is one that I have thought a great deal about and one that I have not taken lightly . It is the right time , " Ferguson said . "  It was important to me to leave an organization in the strongest possible shape and I believe I have done so . " The quality of the team , the balance of the players ' ages and its upcoming youth squad will contribute to its continued "  success at the highest level " and "  ensure that the long-term future of the club remains a bright one , " he said . Seven moments that defined Ferguson 's managerial career Ferguson paid tribute to the club 's "  players and staff , past and present , " thanking them "  for a staggering level of professional conduct and dedication that has helped to deliver so many memorable triumphs . Without their contribution the history of this great club would not be as rich . " He also expressed gratitude to his own family , the Glazer family , and the club 's many supporters , at home and abroad . "  Alex has proven time and time again what a fantastic manager he is but he 's also a wonderful person . His determination to succeed and dedication to the club have been truly remarkable , " Joel Glazer said . The club also quotes former Manchester United and England captain Bryan Robson as saying Ferguson is the "  greatest there has ever been . " ` Extraordinary success ' Gavin Hamilton , editor of World Soccer magazine , told CNN he considers Ferguson to be unsurpassed as a manager in his time . "  In the modern era , where 's he 's dealt with the players on huge salaries and the corporate world that is now football , he has had extraordinary success , " he said . "  He 's tough and uncompromising and , I think , completely dedicated to being a winner . " Whoever takes over at Old Trafford has a hard act to follow , Hamilton said -- but Manchester United will have been planning carefully for this moment . "  There will definitely be someone in place , I think -- the big question now is who that person will be because it 's been kept a secret from everyone until now , " Hamilton said . Whoever it will be has a daunting , if exciting , prospect ahead . "  It 's the largest football club in the world , it 's the biggest management job in the world , and on top of that is the task of following the most successful manager in the club 's history , " Hamilton said . While Moyes is favored for the job after more than a decade with EPL club Everton , other names on the bookmakers ' list include : Portuguese coach Jose Mourinho , formerly of Chelsea and currently at Real Madrid ; Borussia Dortmund 's Jurgen Klopp ; Michael Laudrup of Swansea City ; and former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer , currently managing Norwegian team Molde . Health concerns ? Fans ' thoughts are bound to turn quickly to the 2013-2014 season , starting in September , as Manchester United prepares to defend its domestic title and attempts another win in Europe . As recently as last week , Ferguson suggested that he was fully involved in those future plans , promising the club would be "  competitive " in the summer transfer market . Speaking to Inside United , the club 's official magazine , Ferguson said : "  Hopefully the players we bring into the club in the next year or so will be of the quality we need . " Manchester United coasted to this year 's English Premier League title with a 3-0 victory over Aston Villa in April , with four games in hand . Ferguson is due to undergo hip surgery this summer , according to UK media reports , but it 's not clear how much of a role health concerns have played in his decision to stand down . "  I think retirement 's for young people because you can do something else . When you get to my age , if your health is good , you like to work , " he told CNN in a 2010 interview . Sports writer Mihir Bose said he was surprised by the timing of Ferguson 's decision , despite his upcoming surgery , saying he had expected him to carry on as manager for another couple of years . Ferguson -- who is seen as a kind of father figure by some of the young players he developed -- has "  that ability to reach out to people , " said Bose , but he is also a skilled political operator . "  He could be delightful but he was a man who made sure that he controlled the agenda , " he told CNN . "  If you crossed his path he made it very clear that he controlled everything at Manchester United . " Those who got the famous "  hairdryer treatment " -- loud shouting directly in someone 's face -- included many sports journalists over the years . Ferguson would also refuse to speak to reporters if he did n't like what they said . Despite that thorny relationship , Ferguson will be remembered as an iconic figure in English football history , said Bose . The big challenge now is how Manchester United will manage the transition to ensure continued success , he added . ' A sad day ' Former Manchester United and Denmark goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel told CNN he was still trying to make sense of the news . "  It is a sad day . I 'm shocked , I 'm sad , I 'm disappointed . It 's a day I think everyone who loves Manchester United , everyone who 's worked with Sir Alex -- it 's a day that we 've been expecting , but I have to be honest I did n't think it would be now -- I thought it would be a couple of years down the line . " Schmeichel said he was certain that Ferguson had not been forced out but had made the decision himself , given his record of success and changes already happening on the club 's board this summer . He paid tribute to Ferguson 's knowledge , skills and philosophy as a manager , particularly his ability to bring on young players . Internationally known footballers like David Beckham , Ryan Giggs , Paul Scholes , Gary Neville and Nicky Butt were all created by Ferguson , Schmeichel said . "  He is the best manager in the world and he 's the best guy as well . He 's a really good friend as well . " Ferguson 's talent has been in managing players individually rather than as a group , Schmeichel said . "  The end result is that everyone plays really well for the team , " Schmeichel said . "  Yes , he can be hard , he can be tough . ... In a way he becomes your second dad . He has to educate you in life , he has to prepare you for what comes next in life after football . " ` Vision , energy , ability ' David Gill , who will step down as chief executive of Manchester United in June , said it had been a "  tremendous pleasure " to work alongside Ferguson over the past 16 years . "  We knew that his retirement would come one day and we both have been planning for it by ensuring the quality of the squad and club structures are in first class condition , " he said . "  Alex 's vision , energy and ability have built teams -- both on and off the pitch -- that his successor can count on as among the best and most loyal in world sport . " Ferguson began his career on the soccer pitch , playing for Scottish clubs Queen 's Park , St. Johnstone , Dunfermline , Glasgow Rangers , Falkirk and Ayr United . But it was when he returned to the game as a manager , working at East Stirlingshire , St. Mirren and then Aberdeen that people really began to take notice . He led Aberdeen to three Scottish titles , four Scottish cups , one League Cup and one European Cup Winners ' Cup before moving to Manchester United in November 1986 following the dismissal of former manager Ron Atkinson . It did n't take long for the Scotsman to start turning things round at a club that was then near the bottom of the league . Since then , Ferguson has dominated the English game -- his string of victories making him , according to the Manchester United website , "  the most successful manager in British football history . " CNN 's Alex Thomas and Patrick Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : Shares of Manchester United drop nearly 5 % in early trading following the news Ferguson is retiring after the last game of the season on May 19 , after 26 years in charge The decision to retire was not taken lightly , but this "  is the right time , " Ferguson says NEW : Everton manager David Moyes is the odds-on favorite to succeed Ferguson
CNN  -- As temperatures drop and days shorten in the northern hemisphere , it can only mean one thing : the European ski season is almost upon us . With so many options -- both in terms of chalets and resorts -- and a huge range of prices to navigate , it 's all too easy to book the wrong thing . Whatever your skill level , group size or budget , here are some of Europe 's best mountain lodges for the coming season . San Lorenzo Mountain Lodge , Dolomites , Italy Lodge : Built in the 16th century as a bishop 's hunting lodge , San Lorenzo Mountain Lodge is now a family-run , four-bedroom mountain retreat where everything is done to the very highest level . There 's a helipad  which means a seven-minute commute to the slopes  , a wine cellar in what was the old goat shed  now goat-free and stocked with 1,500 bottles of local wine  and a mini-spa complete with a Finnish sauna and Turkish bath . At 1,200 meters above sea level , the panoramic views of three valleys are best enjoyed from the heated outdoor whirlpool . Running away from home for the holidays Resort : Ideal for beginners or pros , the Italian Dolomites have 1,500 kilometers of skiable slopes . Best for : A splash-out , outdoorsy , foodie ski holiday . Price : From $ 2,400  US$ 3,100  per day . Contact : Locality Elle 23 39030 , San Lorenzo di Sebato , Italy ; +39  0  474404042 ; www.sanlorenzomountainlodge.com Chalet Marith , Chamonix , France Lodge : With six en-suite bedrooms and an al-fresco hot tub , Chalet Marith is perfect for groups of friends . A short walk from Chamonix 's bars and restaurants , the chalet itself is secluded , so no need to worry about keeping the noise down . Sun worshipers should make for the first-floor balcony to soak up some rays while admiring the peaks and glaciers . Resort : With four different ski areas , Chamonix has no shortage of slopes . Skiers up for a challenge can book a glacier guide and take on the Valle Blanche . Best for : Extended families or groups of friends . Price : From $ 3,500  US$ 4,533  per week . Contact : 15 Chemin Des Fontanettes , La Frasse , Chamonix Mont-Blanc , France ; +44  0  7920445826 ; cruchaletschamonix.com The Mooser Hotel , St Anton , Austria Lodge : In a 300-year-old farmhouse , The Mooser Hotel is best known for its adjoining aprs-ski bar , the MooserWirt . Packed with Euro-pop-loving , table-dancing , Jgerbomb-drinking skiers , the bar is lively until closing time at 8 p.m. . This is the cue for hotel guests to retreat through a secret door into a haven of white interiors , soft beds and a spa with multiple saunas and an outdoor pool . Hottest travel spots in the U.S. Resort : St. Anton is geared for hard-core skiers and hard-core partiers . Best for : Anyone who wants to party and be pampered . Price : From $ 110  US$ 142  per person per night . Contact : Unterer Mooserweg 2 6580 Sankt Anton am Arlberg , Austria ; +43  0  5446 2644 ; www.mooserhotel.at Monte Rosa Htte , Zermatt , Switzerland Lodge : With its glass and aluminum walls , the Monte Rosa Htte almost melts into the Swiss and Italian Alps that surround it . Simple and functional , 18 mini-dormitories  each with three bunk beds  are spread over three floors . The all-Swiss design creates 90 percent of its own energy with a stack of solar panels generating electricity and hot water , which , of course , comes from snow . The 10 p.m. curfew reminds you this is a functional mountain hut -- count yourself lucky there 's a sauna . Resort : Zermatt has 350 kilometers of slopes , including the Klein Matterhorn which , at 3,820 meters , is Europe 's highest lift-serviced summit . Best for : The adventurous and active . Price : From CHF30  US$ 32  per night . Contact : Reachable only by foot , ski or helicopter , the Monte Rosa Hut sits at an altitude of 2,795 meters near the Swiss resort of Zermatt . Book via Zermatt Tourismus : +41279668100 ; www.zermatt.ch Chalet Auriane , La Tzoumaz , Switzerland Lodge : Split over two floors with views across the Rhone valley , Chalet Auriane sleeps 12 guests . Fashioned from local stone and wood , this ski-in lodge has all the luxury extras : sauna , hot tub and private funicular that delivers you from slope to door and vice-versa . Full of quirky touches , such as a full-size papier-mch tiger and white reindeer heads wearing ski goggles , the interiors come from London designer Hugh Berry , the genius who designed the inside of Fortnum & Mason . Resort : The Four Valles have 410 kilometers of runs and 89 lifts , all of which are covered by a single lift pass . Best for : Families or groups of friends . Price : From $ 1,021  US$ 1,322  per person per week fully catered , excluding transfers . Contact : La Tzoumaz , 4 Valles , Switzerland ; +44  0  7903018549 ; www.chaletauriane.com Petite Marmotte , Courchevel , France Lodge : A converted hay barn sitting on the slopes , the Petite Marmotte is Courchevel 's only chalet for two . Rustic , snug and romantic , this is a refuge where you can get back to basics -- cooking for yourself , sitting by the wood burner and snuggling up under the eaves . It 's an antidote to the glitz of high-end lodges . Resort : Courchevel has 10 black runs , 38 reds , 27 greens and 44 blues . There 's also a runway on the slopes , so the super-rich can arrive in style , sans transfer . Best for : Couples . Price : From $ 2,000  US$ 2,590  per week for full chalet including breakfast . Contact : Courchevel 1650 , Three Valleys , France ; +33  0  637343875 ; www.leportetta.com Disney World 's New Fantasyland opens Le Petit Relais , Gstaad , Switzerland Lodge : New this season , Le Petit Relais is a two-star ski-in , ski-out chalet . The traditional wooden exterior contrasts with 11 bright , modern bedrooms . Compact and modern , this family-run hotel is changing the face of a traditionally high-end resort , opening it up to skiers on a budget . Food is simple , seasonal and homemade by the hostess . Resort : This winter 's new SuperPass means cheaper access to Gstaad 's 220 kilometers of slopes . Best for : Families or anyone on a budget . Price : Double rooms from CHF80  US$ 86  per person per night . Contact : Familie Solveig Lanz and Thomas Kernen , Alte Strasse 8 , 3777 Saanenmser-Gstaad , Switzerland ; +41  0  33 744 75 05 ; www.lepetitrelais.ch	San Lorenzo Mountain Lodge features a seven-minute helicopter ride to the slopes The Mooser Hotel 's bar is known for its table-dancing , Jgerbomb-drinking skiers The Monte Rosa Htte creates 90 percent of its own energy with a stack of solar panels New this season , Le Petit Relais is opening Gstaad up to the budget conscious skier
Washington  CNN  -- It 's pretty clear the House of Representatives is not going to take up immigration reform this year . Even after President Barack Obama said he was willing to consider immigration legislation in pieces instead of one large bill -- which House Speaker John Boehner has suggested -- just a handful of workdays remain for the House this year . Obama 's concession might open the door for the House to consider the issue next year , but it 's going to take more than the president 's backing . And more than his personal campaigning . Related : Protests meet Obama at immigration event Speaking to supporters in San Francisco Monday , Obama called on House Republicans to take up the bill already passed by the Senate . "  It 's long past time to fix our broken immigration system , " he said . With the growing Latino population , the national Republican Party understands it must embrace the immigration issue . Additionally , the public supports action . Two polls released this month show an overwhelming majority of Americans -- 63 % in a Public Religion Research Institute survey and 57 % in a Quinnipiac poll -- support a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants . Related : Polls : Majority still support pathway to citizenship But some factions within the Republican base are adamantly opposed to any legislation that includes a path to citizenship . This division creates a challenge for Republicans . Their answer : maybe later . GOP strategist Ana Navarro told CNN that the timing "  is just not right " and that the legislation is "  not ripe and not ready . " Here are some scenarios when the timing could be right : 1 . When Obamacare works As long as the Affordable Care Act is receiving negative headlines , immigration will be on the back burner . During a discussion last week on the House floor between Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , and Minority Whip Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , Cantor repeatedly pivoted away from the issue of immigration to Obamacare . "  What 's going on with Obamacare right now ... I do n't think we ought to be engaging in those kinds of commitments when you ca n't deliver , " Cantor said about bringing up immigration . Hoyer responded : "  We understand ... you 'd like to talk about health care without talking about anything else . I get that . " Related : Biden welcomes new Americans , slams Boehner on immigration bill The GOP sees Obamacare as a winning issue politically . It 's a major reason it won back the House in 2010 , and the head of the Republican National Committee declared Republicans will run on Obamacare in 2014 . Republicans are reticent to change the subject while they appear to be winning the message war . 2 . ` The sweet spot ' The House can bring up immigration legislation in 2014 , but controversial topics are usually swept under the rug come election time . Navarro said that next year , particularly the summer , might be the right time . "  The sweet spot is to do it sometime so it 's far enough from the election so it does n't become a big issue , " she said . Related : Pro-immigration attack ads to target House Republicans In other words , do n't upset the parts of the base that are anti-immigration but appeal to the majority of Americans who support an overhaul of the immigration system . The former could be prove more tricky as Republicans have to take into consideration primary voters and the possibility of primary challengers . Some factions of the Republican Party are against any bill that includes a path to citizenship or legal residency for undocumented immigrants , which they see as amnesty . For instance , Heritage Action for America , a lobbying and campaign arm of the conservative Heritage Foundation think tank , worked to get Senate Republicans to vote against the immigration bill last spring . Immigration is not considered a top-tier issue , but Republicans do risk backlash . Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , said he regretted his vote on comprehensive immigration reform that included a path to citizenship and that passed in the Senate this year . He helped to draft the bill . Frank Sharry , executive director of America 's Voice , a pro-immigration group involved in pushing legislation through the House , said the GOP leadership is considering the stances of immigration opponents . "  Boehner and company seem a bit more concerned with tea party types ... more concerned with their conservative members who could face ouster , " Sharry said . If the House waits long enough next year to bring up immigration , it would be too late for immigration to be an issue in the primaries and , perhaps more importantly , too late for challengers to jump in the race and make it an issue . 3 . Feelings must be mended Leslie Sanchez , a Republican strategist who has worked on immigration for nearly two decades , said it is a must-pass issue for the GOP to stay a relevant political party at the national level . But she said "  a hostile political environment " is the biggest factor in prohibiting immigration legislation . Related : Shutdown threat imperils immigration reform The recent government shutdown was perhaps a low point during an already perilous time in Washington . The trust factor between the two parties plummeted . Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , refused to attend a meeting at the White House to discuss immigration , calling it a "  trap . " "  The shutdown was very toxic . Right now , it 's very difficult , " said Navarro , the Republican strategist . And Ali Noorani , executive director of the National Immigration Forum , said few lawmakers from opposite parties are talking to each other . "  I just think the lines of communication between the parties have really broken down , " Noorani said . 4 . When Republican proponents outweigh opponents Another problem inhibiting an immigration bill is lack of incentives for Republican lawmakers to stick their necks out . "  Republicans have not gotten to yes , " Sharry said . And until they do , Boehner is reluctant to bring a bill to the floor . "  I do n't think they will bring it up until they can get it passed , " Navarro said , highlighting that Boehner is reluctant to bring a bill to the floor that would pass with mostly Democratic support . One immigration proposal similar to the Senate version has the support of 190 lawmakers , a handful of whom are Republicans . Rep. Jeff Denham , a Republican from an agricultural region of California , is one of the bill 's co-sponsors . He said there are at least six more Republicans who support the bill but have n't come out publicly yet . But that 's far short of a majority . To get more on board , a coalition of "  bibles , business and badges " -- representing key constituencies -- is attempting to use its influence to pressure Republicans . Related : Zuckerberg-backed group makes new immigration push "  It 's going to take a great deal of momentum and districts from across the nation , " Denham said . Now that Boehner said there will be not bill this year , Republicans have little reason to put their name on legislation that could be politically disadvantageous . "  The biggest challenge of this bill is there is not a deadline , " Denham said . "  That 's part of the reason this continues to get pushed . "	The House will not take up immigration legislation this year A bill is "  not ripe and not ready , " a Republican strategist says But Republican leaders keep the door open for next year
It is estimated that around one in four couples around the world have trouble conceiving . For a small proportion of them , In Vitro Fertilisation  IVF  is a technology that can restore the dream of parenthood . IVF is the fertilization of an egg by sperm outside the body , where it is cultivated in a lab environment , and if an embryo results it is implanted into the mother 's womb . Now the chances of IVF treatment being successful are being boosted by a machine called the Embryoscope . A record number of babies are being born through IVF -- with over 60,000 IVF babies born in the United States alone in 2012 . But since the inception of IVF in the 1970s , monitoring embryos has been a difficulty . In order to examine them , the embryologist must remove them from the safe environment of the incubator and expose them to environmental hazards such as temperature changes and contaminants . Embryos are removed and examined just once a day , which limits the information available to embryologists , as well as the chances of picking the embryo with the best chance of delivering a viable pregnancy . Embryo development But these longstanding issues are being addressed by the Embryoscope . The device combines an incubator that maintains perfect conditions , with a tiny camera that takes photos every 10-15 minutes -- creating a time-lapse video of the embryo 's development . This removes the need to expose the embryo to the outside atmosphere , and provides embryologists with far greater information with which to make decisions . "  I think this is the most exciting breakthrough since IVF started , " says Dr. Simon Fishel , managing director of the UK 's CARE Fertility , responsible for the first Embryoscope baby born in the UK , in 2012  as well as the first ever IVF baby back in 1978  . "  The information that we are gathering with the Embryoscope with the time-lapse is far superior , " he says . "  We have much , much more information on which to base the crucial decision as to which embryo is the one to transfer back to the patient . " Embryos that show early abnormalities can be immediately ruled out , and learning algorithms have been created that recognize positive or negative patterns at key development points thereafter -- meaning patients can be implanted with embryos that have an optimal chance of success . "  We have a predictive scale  for evaluating  the likelihood of an embryo to give the best chance of a live birth , " says Fishel . "  It 's a complex procedure and it uses very complex technology and some mathematics . But using this whole process , it really changes the way the embryologists work in the lab . And I think it 's changing the face of how we do IVF , in fact . " Improving the odds The extra information is particularly beneficial for patients with the lowest chances of pregnancy -- such as older women , or those with reduced egg counts . CARE estimates its use of the Embryoscope and algorithms broadly increases the chance of a pregnancy by around 20 % . "  The images also allow you a higher level of assurance to pick an embryo with the highest chance of being genetically normal , " says Dr. Jason Barritt , lab director at the ART Reproductive Center , in California . The technology can also provide insights into early-stage development beyond the need to conceive . A recent Spanish study conducted with an Embryoscope showed differences in growth patterns between male and female embryos , which could potentially allow gender to be more rapidly determined . Use of the Embryoscope has spread to IVF facilities around the world , but some barriers remain : the vast amount of extra data requires greater resources for analysis , and the technology itself is expensive . But much of IVF is about trying to beat the odds , and as technology progresses , so do the chances of parenthood for couples who ca n't conceive naturally .	Embryoscope gives time-lapse images of IVF embryos It gives valuable insight into embryo development The most viable embryos can be chosen for implantation The technology is improving IVF success rates
CNN  -- Ready to jive , cool cats ? Let 's slide ! "  Jackson 5ive " ran as part of ABC 's Saturday morning cartoon lineup beginning in September 1971 . A heavily fictionalized representation of the Jackson 5 's rise to fame and subsequent success , it was co-produced by Rankin/Bass  of Christmas special fame  and Motown Records . A relic replete with bell bottoms , tie dyed shirts and reel-to-reel tape players , the series has been released on DVD/Blu-ray by DreamWorks Classics . Every episode featured two musical numbers by the cartoon counterparts of Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , Marlon and Michael Jackson . The songs -- Jackson 5 staples like "  ABC , " "  The Love You Save , " and "  I 'll Be There " -- were woven in to the plotlines of the show , which experienced a renaissance in 1984 with Michael Jackson 's rising solo career . Although the show did n't feature the speaking voices of the Jacksons because of scheduling conflicts , it was them singing . "  Jackson 5ive " animation director Bob Balser had co-directed the Beatles ' "  Yellow Submarine " film and developed the reputation as an expert in music videos . Balser said his most important contribution to "  Jackson 5ive " was his insistence that the series not include violence . He was also adamant that the show -- one of the first cartoon representations of a black family -- be fair and not resort to cheap gags and stereotyping . "  When I came in , " explained Balser , "  the series had been started . I was not happy with the approach they were doing because ...  this  was going to be the first series directed at young people that was about a black group , and I felt that it was really important that it be shown in a creative way , that they solved their problems with music and with intelligence and not with violence -- which had started out as the approach in the first episode . " Balser , now 85 , attended art school at UCLA . After graduation , he traveled to Europe for what was supposed to be a six-month vacation . He wound up living and working there for 40 years , spending a decade in London , where he worked on "  Yellow Submarine " and "  Jackson 5ive , " among other projects . He then ran a studio out of Barcelona for 30 years . "  There was a lot of influence from the stuff that we did in ` Yellow Submarine ' in terms of interpreting songs in a creative , graphic way , " said Balser . "  It was a Hollywood production done in London , and I brought in as much of a European flavor as I could . " Balser commissioned studios throughout Europe to work on the two songs featured in each episode . "  I got the best artists I could get and gave them complete freedom , " explained Balser . "  I said , for example , ` This is a circus theme , so the graphics have to reflect that theme . ' Other than that , they were completely free to do it however they wanted . We came up with some fun stuff , which was really one of the best parts and that was probably one of the things that made the ` Jackson 5ive ' series so popular in terms of the reception that it received . " Most episodes featured the Jacksons driving around in their charmingly dilapidated jalopy -- with pet mice Ray and Charles and pink snake Rosie -- trying to please their manager , a cartoon version of Motown founder Berry Gordy . Gordy was never really the Jackson 5 's manager , per se , but in the cartoon universe it worked , with him coming up with ideas for publicity . In one episode , the Jackson brothers take a plane -- with their jalopy tied to the aircraft -- to a concert similar to Woodstock and are pitted against evil lumberjacks planning to tear down the outdoor show 's forest venue . In another , Marlon and Michael are accidentally drafted into the military and get their afros shaved off . In yet another episode , Michael is adopted by a female gorilla . Another strange theme was that a disproportionate number of episodes featured young Michael Jackson falling unconscious :  On a flight to Hawaii , the five brothers crash onto an desert island . Michael gets hit in the head with a coconut and encounters a band of pirates .  In the episode titled "  Michael White , " the future King of Pop hits his head in a bicycling accident and dreams that he is a hiding in a cottage where his brothers have become dwarf-sized , like in the story of Snow White . Michael bites a poison apple and immediately collapses .  In "  Michael in Wonderland , " Michael becomes unconscious on a roller coaster ride and dreams he is in the Wonderland theme park .  In "  Jackson and the Beanstalk , " Michael falls asleep and dreams that he has sold the jalopy in exchange for magic beans that grow a beanstalk outside his family 's home  a la the story of Jack and the Beanstalk  . The hectic turnaround schedule was a concern for Balser . "  Chuck Jones was the vice president in charge of children 's programming at ABC at that time , and he was a friend of mine , and I got a message to him because I was really concerned , and I said ` What happens if I do n't deliver ? ' Balser said . "  A few weeks later , one of his assistants came over -- we were working on some other things as well -- and we went out to lunch , and he said to me , ` By the way , I 've got a message for you from Chuck : You do not not deliver . ' " Balser , who is now retired and living in California , says there have been vast changes in the animation field since the days of hand-drawn cartoons . "  It is losing something , because there 's something about hand-drawn animation , " he said . "  I do n't know whether this is because I 'm nostalgic for it or what , but as somebody said , ` The difference between hand-drawn animation and computer animation is , computer animation does n't have a soul . ' " Of course , he does n't think all is lost . "  There 's one thing that has n't changed , and that is communication , story , idea . When you 're making a film , the basics still come down to : Did you have a good script ? Is it well-presented ? Once it 's prepared , the technique of animation does n't really make a difference anymore . "	"  Jackson 5ive " cartoon fictionally chronicled the brothers ' success The series featured songs like "  ABC , " "  I Want You Back , " "  I 'll Be There " Animation director Bob Balser co-directed the Beatles ' "  Yellow Submarine " Balser tried to inject "  European flavor " into a "  Hollywood production "
CNN  -- Apple 's Mac Pro , the high-end show horse of the company 's desktop line , goes on sale Thursday , restoring some luster to deskbound computers that have been overshadowed by the mobile revolution . In some ways the Mac Pro , which will be available for preorder on Apple 's website and Apple stores , is like the fancy haute couture dresses that get walked down the runways of Paris and New York . At more than $ 3,000 , the sleek machine is more computer than most people need or can afford . But it serves as a showcase for what its creator can do . "  Ca n't innovate any more , my ass , " Apple Vice President Phil Schiller said when he unveiled the new Mac Pro in June . It was a response to some analysts who say rivals like Samsung and Google have been rolling out fresher ideas than Apple the past couple of years . The Mac Pro certainly does n't look like anything else on the market . It 's a silver and black cylinder and stands just 10 inches tall . Packing a range of Intel Xeon processors , the new Mac Pro is more than twice as fast as its predecessor , released three years ago , Apple says . And , starting at $ 2,999  with custom modifications that could push prices upward of $ 12,000  , it 's for a select group of power users like graphic designers , photographers , videographers , animators and the like . The machine has six of Apple 's Thunderbolt 2 ports , enabling up to 36 external devices to be attached . Apple says the Mac Pro has been designed and manufactured in the United States . Pro users are a small part of Apple 's overall business . Only 19 % of the company 's revenue in the first quarter of this year came from Macs . That 's just shy of the 21 % it made selling iPads , and a far cry from the 49 % Apple made on the iPhone .	Apple 's new Mac Pro starts at $ 2,999 The high-end desktop is designed for power users The cylinder-shaped computer stands less than 10 inches
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A federal judge on Monday ruled against a Web site operator who was seeking to publish an encyclopedia about the Harry Potter series of novels , blocking publication of "  The Harry Potter Lexicon " after concluding that it would cause author J.K. Rowling "  irreparable injury . " Steven Vander Ark speaks to the media outside the U.S. District Court on April 15 , 2008 in New York City . U.S. District Judge Robert P. Patterson awarded Rowling and her publisher $ 6,750 in statutory damages and permanently blocked publication of the reference guide . Harry Potter fan Steven Vander Ark sought to publish the book , a reference guide to the Harry Potter series , through a small Michigan-based publishing house called RDR Books . Vander Ark operates a Web site called "  Harry Potter Lexicon . " Rowling sued RDR Books in 2007 to stop publication of material from Vander Ark 's Web site . Vander Ark and RDR Books claimed the book should not be blocked from publication because it was protected by the "  fair use " doctrine , which allows for commentary and critique of literary works . Patterson , in his ruling , said the defendants failed to demonstrate fair use . Rowling issued a statement after Monday 's ruling , saying , "  I took no pleasure at all in bringing legal action and am delighted that this issue has been resolved favorably . " Vander Ark did not immediately return calls from CNN on Monday . "  We are obviously disappointed with the result , and RDR is considering all of its options , including an appeal , " attorney David S. Hammer said . Rowling , who said she has long planned to publish her own encyclopedia , and Warner Brothers Entertainment , producer of the Potter films , filed suit to stop RDR from publishing the book . Warner Brothers is owned by Time Warner , CNN 's parent company .	Web site operator wants to publish encyclopedia about Harry Potter novels Judge awards "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling and publisher $ 6,750 in damages Rowling says she has long planned to publish her own encyclopedia
CNN  -- IFA , one of Europe 's largest consumer electronics exhibitions kicked off this week in Berlin . With manufacturing giants such as Samsung , Sony and LG all rumored to be launching new products at the show , CNN asked Stephen Graves , online editor at Stuff magazine , to select five of his favorite gadgets from the exhibition floor . Sony Xperia Z1 Sony 's new flagship smartphone features an amazing 20.7 MP camera , plus an even tougher and more water-resistant frame than its predecessor the Xperia Z. Inside , the Xperia Z1 has a more powerful quad-core processor and a whopping 3000mAh battery -- and with a razor-sharp 5in full HD screen , it 's shaping up to be yet another top class Android phone . Stuff 's Will Dunn says : "  Although it 's not a comprehensive overhaul of Sony 's flagship phone , the Xperia Z1 does offer several incremental improvements . " Read more : Xperia Z1 review Panasonic Toughpad 4K UT-MB5 Panasonic has managed a world first with this 4K-compatible tablet , which features an incredibly sharp 3840 x 2560 pixel screen . At 20 inches in size , it 's around four times bigger than an iPad and manages only two hours of battery life , so portable it is n't -- but this Windows 8-powered beast is certainly something to behold . Do n't expect to spot many in the wild though -- the    4,500 price tag will be hard for even the most ardent early adopter to stomach . Samsung Galaxy Gear and Galaxy Note 3 Samsung put on a huge press conference to announce a handful of new products , but the Korean giant is clearly banking on them being blockbuster hits . The Galaxy Note 3 is the third-generation of the Note "  phablet "  bigger than a smartphone , smaller than a tablet  . With a 1920 x 1080 5.7 in screen , eight-core processor , 13MP camera with 3x optical zoom and a swanky stitched leather back panel , it 's looking set to be one of the most powerful , versatile mobile devices on the market . Read more : Galaxy Note 3 review The Galaxy Gear is something entirely new for Samsung . It 's an Android-powered smartwatch that maintains a link to your Samsung Galaxy phone to deliver notifications , control music playback and access apps . Read more : Samsung Galaxy Gear review 3Doodler A 3D printer that you hold in your hand like a pen , the Kickstarter-funded 3Doodler is undoubtedly one of the coolest breakout oddities of IFA 2013 . The size of a Cuban cigar , it extrudes hot , quick-setting plastic from its nozzle nib , allowing you to "  sketch " out small 3D models in minutes . It 's much faster than using a traditional 3D printer -- and does n't require any software to boot . Read more : 3Doodler review For all the latest news from IFA 2013 , click here .	Sony 's new flagship smartphone features a 20.7 MP camera , plus a tougher and more water-resistant frame The Panasonic 4k is around four times bigger than an iPad and manages only two hours of battery life The Galaxy Gear will be able to handle the smartphone basics : phone calls , Web surfing and e-mails The 3Doodler extrudes hot , quick-setting plastic from its nozzle nib , allowing you to "  sketch " out small 3D models
CNN  -- Italian authorities on Thursday rescued more than 800 migrants from four boats trying to reach the island of Lampedusa , the Italian navy said . As the closest Italian island to Africa , Lampedusa , in the Mediterranean Sea , is a frequent destination for refugees seeking to enter European Union countries , and shipwrecks off its shores are common . Navy and air force helicopters spotted the four boats , which "  appeared in precarious floating conditions and overcrowded , " the navy said in a statement . The migrants were being transferred to a Navy ship and will be brought to the port of Augusta in Sicily . They were from Africa and countries such as Egypt , Pakistan and Iraq . A day earlier , more than 200 migrants were rescued from the sea and also taken to the port of Augusta . More than 300 African migrants died in October after their ship sank off the island 's shores . Days later , another 34 people died when their boat capsized .	More than 800 migrants have been rescued south of Lampedusa The migrants were in four boats trying to reach the Italian island 200 others were rescued the day before
CNN  -- From songs to poems to sayings on the side of coffee cups , everyone tries to define love in words . Liz Kelly donated her kidney to her fiance after he was diagnosed with congestive heart failure . But often , it 's the extraordinary actions we take in the name of love that really define it . Liz Kelly 's fiance , Matt House , needed a kidney after he was diagnosed with congestive heart failure . In order to get him to the top of the donor list , Kelly signed up to donate hers . At first , she never dreamed she would actually be a match , but it turned out she was . The Springfield , Massachusetts , couple  he 's 31 , she 's 29  spoke with CNN 's Nicole Lapin about whether Kelly thought fate played a hand in finding him a donor match . The following is an edited transcript of the interview : Nicole Lapin : Liz , I did n't know about the donor process , until we started talking to you guys . The donor process works whereby a friend or a family member can donate a kidney to get Matt higher on the list , so you decided that you were going to do that . Why did you decide to do that ? Watch Nicole Lapin 's interview with Liz Kelly and Matt House " Liz Kelly : It was pretty much a no-brainer , I think . His sister was actually going to donate at first . But she did n't work out for health reasons . It 's obviously better to have , you know , a family member donate a kidney , too . But since that was n't going to work out , his stepfather stepped in because they were the same blood type . And that ended up not working out either . He had some heart issues and some other health issues . So , I said , you know what , I 'll just donate to the list . And that 's what I was intending on doing . And then I found out that we were actually a match , and it was amazing . Lapin : It was amazing , I 'm sure , to get that phone call , because you did it just so that you could get higher on the list . A lot of people on our Web site are fascinated by your story , guys . -LSB- A viewer -RSB- has a question for you right now , Liz : Have you ever had any surgeries before this one ? If not , how did your prepare yourself for this ? Kelly : No . This was my first surgery , so that definitely made me very nervous . That was the definitely scariest part for me , just not knowing what to expect . But , Matt has been through several surgeries before . So I know I had him in my corner . And I looked up a lot online . I found out a lot of great information online . So that 's definitely how I prepared . Lapin : And -LSB- another viewer -RSB- has a question in for Matt , actually : Were you scared that perhaps your body might reject Liz 's kidney or were you always confident that the surgery would be a success ? Matt House : I think I was pretty confident with her being the same blood type or us matching is pretty phenomenal , so I did n't expect it to reject it anyway . Maybe after the surgery if I would have a little pain down there or something like that , I would get a little nervous and think that it was going to reject , that there 's something wrong . But that would just pass . It was me just being a little overanxious , I guess , but not really , no . I was pretty confident everything would go well overall . We 're both pretty healthy for the most part . And being the same blood type was just you know really great , so it worked out good . So , I was n't really worried at all . Lapin : Fate , some may say ? House : Yeah , yeah , definitely . Lapin : Yours is a lot bigger . You 're a little girl , but you happen to have a kidney that is perfect for Matt . Do you think it was meant to be ? Kelly : I do . I definitely do . People tell me that all the time . When they told us that we were a match , I was very surprised at first , but then I thought about it a little more . Of course we were a match . How could we not be a match ?	Liz Kelly offered to donate kidney to move her ill fiance higher on donor list Matt House had been diagnosed with congestive heart failure House 's family members were unable to donate because of health reasons After recuperation is over , the Massachusetts couple plans to marry by summer
CNN  -- The former president of Shell Oil USA did n't candy-coat it : America 's political fund-raising system , he said , amounts to legalized extortion . "  I feel extorted , " John Hofmeister told CNN 's Drew Griffin . "  Every time I wrote a check I felt that it was a form of extortion , the price of entry , because of the reception that you got when you contributed versus the reception when you did not contribute . " Hofmeister , who ran Shell Oil USA from 2005 through 2008 , said he was constantly being asked for political donations , by members of both parties . It 's against Shell Oil policy , he said , for corporate contributions to be made . So any donations came out of his own pocket -- something , he said , he felt forced to do . Hofmeister said he and other oil executives were summoned to more than a dozen Capitol Hill hearings in 2008 when the retail price of gasoline began to skyrocket . In one hearing , a member of Congress suggested that nationalizing U.S. oil companies might be a way to tamp down prices at the pump . Not long after one of those hearings , Hofmeister told CNN , several members of Congress pressed him for political contributions . And it 's all perfectly legal . The influence of politics and money has become a legal game of extortion , critics say , made all the more insidious because the so-called extortionists are politicians who write the laws and legally manipulate the system for their own gain . "  It is a feeding frenzy that 's going on , " said Peter Schweizer of the Government Accountability Institute , a nonprofit research group . He 's written a book called "  Extortion , " describing America 's political system as one where lawmakers learn how to transform power into cash . "  I think we need to somehow break the back of the ability of politicians to leverage their position to extract donations , " Schweizer said . "  Most fund-raisers will tell you the place that you start raising money is from people who ca n't say no , " said Schweizer . "  So if you 're a government contractor or you 're somebody that 's doing business with the state or federal government , you 're going to be put in a position where you 're going to be expected to raise funds , because if you do n't , the fear might be that you 're going to lose the contract . " Hofmeister , the former Shell executive , told CNN he realized he would have to cough up several thousand dollars of his own money each year , "  if I am going to do my job . " He said the system is "  pay to play " and he agrees that the word "  extortion " is accurate , "  as harsh as a word that is . " "  We talk about corruption in Third World countries . In this case , the corrupters have written a law to make it legal to the corruptees . And I consider that atrocious in the name of democracy , " Hofmeister said . Schweizer did n't seem surprised by Hofmeister 's story . "  You hear that from businessmen all the time -- that they come to Washington , they appear before a congressional committee , they are grilled on a matter and it is made pretty clear after the fact that , ` If you make donations or if you do fund-raising for me , I might understand issues a little bit better as far as you are concerned , ' " Schweizer told CNN . It 's just business , said Hofmeister . But he said it 's also a process that includes a healthy dose of political theater . "  The political theater of the hearing matters to them . And that 's exactly the mindset which I used to go into the hearing , " Hofmeister said . To please the powerful politicians , he found himself asking himself questions like "  What role shall I play ? " "  If you 're testifying , you 're in the subordinate role because the members are always up in a dais looking down at you , " said Hofmeister . "  So you know you are subordinate to them . This is their town , their home , you 're an invited guest . But when the hearing is over ... the curtains close on the theater . It 's back to business . And business is raising money . " Now , more than five years after leaving Shell , Hofmeister chairs the National Urban League and serves on an advisory committee for the U.S. Department of Energy . CNN took a look around Capitol Hill during a single day last November . Our goal : to track the daily fund-raising parade . We found 13 political fund-raisers which took place between 7 a.m. and 2 p.m. . We were able to videotape at least eight of them . Join us over the coming year to see how CNN followed the money , the fund-raisers and the politicians to reveal how it all works . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	CNN investigates Capitol Hill fund-raising and political influence Ex-oil exec says it 's a legal "  pay to play " system for access to lawmakers Author says politicians should not be allowed to leverage their position to extract donations
CNN  -- Gunmen stormed a school in Nigeria killing 20 students and a teacher over the weekend , state news reported . Four more students suffered critical wounds , when the men opened fire early Saturday , Voice of Nigeria said . An investigation is underway to find the suspects . No group immediately claimed responsibility for the incident . The attack occurred in the state of Yobe , in Nigeria 's northeast , where Islamist extremists from the terror group Boko Haram regularly carry out attacks . An attack on a school in June in the same state took the lives of seven students and two teachers , VoN reported . Boko Haram claimed responsibility for that attack , according to local media reports . Violence flares in tense Nigerian region	The gunmen also critically wounded four more students The region is known for attacks by Islamist terrorists from Boko Haram Seven students died in a similar attack in June in the same state
CNN  -- A 39-year-old woman in Utah told police she either strangled or suffocated at least six babies immediately after she gave birth to them over a period of years , a document shows . Megan Hunstman appeared in court Monday where she is facing six counts of murder , according to Chief Michael Smith with the Pleasant Grove , Utah , police department . She 's being held on $ 6 million bail . Over the weekend , authorities found the remains of seven infants at a home where Huntsman used to live . "  During her interview , Ms. Huntsman admitted that between 1996 and 2006 , she gave birth to at least seven babies at the Pleasant Grove residence , and that all of the babies , but one , were born alive , and that she either strangled or suffocated the babies immediately after they were born , " read a probable cause statement . "  According to Ms. Huntsman , she then concealed their bodies inside boxes and placed them inside the garage of the Pleasant Grove residence , " the statement added . Police first responded to the home on Saturday . Huntsman 's estranged husband , Darren West , contacted authorities after finding a baby wrapped in a plastic bag in the garage , the statement said . A search warrant was obtained and officers discovered six more bodies at the home . "  Each baby was found wrapped in either a towel or a shirt , placed inside of a plastic bag , and each was contained in a separate cardboard box , " the statement read . It was not immediately clear whether Huntsman has retained counsel . According to Smith , West does not face charges . "  He has been cooperative , " the police chief said . "  But we continue to investigate what type of knowledge or role he may have played , if any . " The Utah case sounds eerily familiar to a case in France a few years ago . Prosecutors there charged a woman with murder in 2010 after she admitted giving birth to and smothering eight babies over a 17-year period . The case came to light when a couple gardening in their backyard in the northern town of Villers-au-Tertre found two babies ' bodies in sealed plastic bags and called police . Police spoke to Dominique Cottrez and her husband , who had previously lived in the home , and Cottrez admitted immediately that she was the mother of the two babies , prosecutor Eric Vaillant told reporters . She then told police about six others concealed in their garage . It is unclear from subsequent media reports about the Cottrez case whether it has been resolved . Louisville woman charged after newborn found dead in Kohl 's restroom Mom kills two of her children during attempted exorcism Opinion : Why would a mother kill her children ? CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : The case sounds eerily familiar to a case in France a few years ago Megan Hunstman faces murder charges ; she 's being held on $ 6 million bail The infants ' bodies were discovered at a home where the woman used to live They were wrapped in towels or shirts and placed in cardboard boxes
Ukrainian special forces moved against pro-Russian demonstrators in the eastern city of Donetsk late Monday after the country 's acting President vowed to resist efforts to "  dismember " his country , his office reported . The troops cleared armed protesters from the headquarters of Ukrainian security services in Donetsk , one of three cities where pro-Moscow uprisings took place over the weekend , acting President Oleksandr Turchynov 's office announced Monday night . There were no casualties in the operation , Victoria Sumar , deputy secretary of the National Defense and Security Council , told reporters . Police battled protesters in one of the other two cities , while authorities set up a committee to negotiate with a self-declared "  army " in the third . The reports came several hours after Turchynov blamed "  separatist groups coordinated by Russian special services " for the revolts , which he said echoed events leading to the Russian annexation of Crimea three weeks ago . "  Enemies of Ukraine are trying to play out the Crimean scenario , but we will not let this happen , " Turchynov said in a televised message . Pro-Moscow protesters seized government buildings , raised Russian flags and declared new governments in Donetsk , Luhansk and Kharkov on Sunday . Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said the goal of the protesters was "  to destabilize " Ukraine , allowing "  foreign troops to cross the border and seize the territory of the country . " "  We will not allow it , " Yatsenyuk said . Russia , which has an estimated tens of thousands of troops near the Ukrainian border , said it was "  watching closely " and told Ukraine to quit blaming it for Ukrainian problems . President Vladimir Putin 's government pushed Ukraine to set up a federal system in which regions with ethnic Russian majorities would have more autonomy , and its foreign ministry urged Ukraine to enter into talks over the issue . "  Ukrainian people want to get a clear answer from Kiev to all their questions . It 's time to listen to these legal claims , " a Foreign Ministry statement read . The Ukrainian government was acting "  irresponsibly , " it said . But in Washington , U.S. officials urged Russian President Vladimir Putin 's government to disavow the protests and warned further Russian intervention in Ukraine would bring stiffer economic sanctions than those already imposed over the Crimean annexation . "  If Russia moves into eastern Ukraine , either overtly or covertly , this would be a very serious escalation , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . "  We call on President Putin and his government to cease all efforts to destabilize Ukraine . And we caution against further military intervention . " In Donetsk , demonstrators took over a regional administrative building in the mining city on Sunday . Russia 's state-run ITAR-Tass news agency reported that a self-proclaimed legislature , representing what it called the Donetsk People 's Republic , had called a May 11 referendum on whether the area should join Russia . The Russian news agency also said the Donetsk group asked Putin to send a "  temporary peacekeeping contingent . " The report could not immediately be independently verified . Protesters also seized the regional administrative building in Kharkov on Sunday . Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov , who was in the city , said on his Facebook page Monday that the building had been cleared and that public employees had returned to work . But demonstrators returned Monday night to battle police , throwing Molotov cocktails and rocks and setting fire to barricades around the building , Ukrainian news outlets reported . Police used water cannon and pepper spray to disperse the protesters late Monday . But about 50 others stormed the headquarters of a local television station , while others attempted to seize its tower to air Russian television channels , the Ukrainian news agency Ukrinform reported . And in Luhansk , where demonstrators had taken over the offices of the security services and seized weapons , the regional government set up a working group to defuse the standoff peacefully . The group includes "  authoritative public organizations and associations " in the region , as well as conflict-resolution experts , the regional government announced . "  The working group is ready for an open dialogue in order to return the life to a peaceful course , to restore the public order and to ensure the safety of citizens , " it said . Earlier , a group of armed , uniformed men in Luhansk declared themselves the "  Army of the Southeast " and called on the population to turn out in support of "  our rights and values . " "  Within the last 24 hours , our army has increased many times , " a spokesman for the group said in a video posted on YouTube . "  We are ready to send a reserve unit to Donetsk if needed . But without the total people 's support , we will not be able to change anything . " Donetsk is the hometown of ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , whose pro-Russian government was toppled in a popular revolt in February . Russia has called his removal a coup and dispatched thousands of troops to Crimea in support of a pro-Russian movement that seized power in that semi-autonomous Black Sea peninsula shortly after Yanukovych fled to Russia . That new Crimean administration held a referendum on independence that passed overwhelmingly , despite being condemned as unconstitutional by the new Ukrainian government and by Western powers . Within days , the territory was annexed by Russia . In mid-March , Yatsenyuk warned that demonstrations by what he called "  political tourists " with foreign passports were under way in the east and warned that Russia might attempt to follow the model used to wrest Crimea from Ukraine . Ukrainian officials are still evacuating military installations in the territory , and Kiev 's defense ministry reported that a Ukrainian naval officer was shot and killed by a Russian soldier on Sunday as the officer prepared to leave . Russia based its intervention in Crimea on allegations that the territory 's Russian-speaking majority was being mistreated . Carney said the claim "  bore no resemblance to the actual truth at the time . " U.S. officials have said Russia had about 40,000 troops near the Ukrainian border . Putin told German Chancellor Angela Merkel last week that he 'd ordered a withdrawal of some Russian troops from his country 's border area with Ukraine , Merkel 's office said . But NATO later said it saw no sign that Russia was pulling its forces back from the border . And a small number of additional Russian troops are believed to have moved toward Russia 's border with Ukraine , essentially negating any previous withdrawal , two U.S. officials told CNN on Monday . The European Union 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , said the EU was monitoring the situation in eastern Ukraine closely with concern . "  We reiterate our call for de-escalation and the avoidance of further destabilization of Ukraine , " she said .	Police , protesters battle in Kharkov Bloodless raid retakes Donetsk headquarters , government says Russia trying to "  dismember " Ukraine , acting President says Quit blaming us and listen to your people , Moscow tells Kiev
Washington  CNN  -- Reinforcing identity and learning more about who we are : That 's the theme of "  American Stories , " a new exhibit now open at the Smithsonian National Museum of American History in Washington . "  There are so many stories in American history , " says museum curator Bonnie Lilienfeld . "  We tell big stories here about the foundation of this country . But we also tell individual stories . " From large swaths of America 's past to the tales of everyday Americans , the exhibit features more than 100 objects tracing history from the 1620 arrival of the pilgrims in Plymouth , Massachusetts , to the 2008 presidential election . A slave ship manifest is one new Smithsonian acquisition that will be on display . "  The public has n't even seen this yet , " says Lilienfeld . "  We all have a sense of the fact that slaves worked in fields and as domestic workers , " but Lilienfeld adds that there are items on display that show that people forced into slavery were also painters , sculptors and poets . Another item that dates back to America 's beginnings is a suit once worn by founding father Benjamin Franklin . "  It 's from the 18th century ... the fabric is very fragile , " says Lilenfeld . Technology in our society is ever-changing . The people behind the exhibit are well aware of that , but they say it 's important to note how that foundation was first laid down . A section of the first transatlantic telegraph cable is a testament to some of those early innovations . "  Innovation is a big theme in this exhibit , " said Lilienfeld . "  One of the things we thought was really interesting was to talk about objects that everybody knows . " Evidence of that comes in the form of the first iPod ever to hit the market as well as an old Apple II computer . Entertainment also takes the spotlight . The red ruby slippers Dorothy wore as she skipped down the yellow brick road in "  The Wizard of Oz " are on display . And the sports portion would n't be complete without something from "  The Greatest . " "  Muhammad Ali 's gloves are here , " said Lilienfeld . "  We all know Muhammad Ali ... float like a butterfly and sting like a bee . " You will even find Kermit the Frog seated and smiling . Museum officials realize that many visitors may be drawn to cultural touchstones like Dorothy 's red ruby slippers or Ali 's boxing gloves , but the hope is that visitors will also take time to learn or relearn more about America 's early days . "  I think one of the main things we want visitors to walk away with is that they 're part of American history , " says Lilienfeld .	A new Smithsonian exhibit features American stories , large and small The exhibit at the Museum of American History opened Thursday Kermit the Frog , Ben Franklin and more tell the tale of America
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court has upheld an incontestable verdict on the conduct of the major cigarette companies over four decades : They are racketeers who carried out a conspiracy to deceive the public and target children with their deadly and addictive products . The court on Monday declined to accept appeals from either side in the massive case that began when the Department of Justice filed suit against the tobacco companies in 1999 . Although the Obama administration and public health groups failed to persuade the justices to reconsider earlier rulings that limited the financial penalties and remedial measures the trial court ordered , the Supreme Court left intact the trial court 's damning judgment : The tobacco industry has illegally profited from selling products that cause disease and death . The Supreme Court 's decision puts the responsibility squarely on elected officials to eliminate the tobacco industry 's harmful influence and take effective action to protect the nation 's health . Congress and the Obama administration should fund a national public education and stop-smoking campaign , and the Food and Drug Administration must effectively exercise its new authority to regulate tobacco products . State officials must redouble efforts to implement proven tobacco-control measures , including higher tobacco taxes , comprehensive smoke-free workplace laws and well-funded prevention programs . The case stemmed from U.S. District Court Judge Gladys Kessler 's landmark 2006 decision that found the cigarette makers guilty of violating civil provisions of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act  RICO  . Kessler found that they had acted illegally when they "  lied , misrepresented and deceived the American public , including smokers and the young people they avidly sought as ` replacement ' smokers , about the devastating health effects of smoking and environmental tobacco smoke . " The companies , Kessler concluded , "  have marketed and sold their lethal products with zeal , with deception , with a single-minded focus on their financial success , and without regard for the human tragedy or social costs that success exacted . " In short , they perpetrated the deadliest consumer fraud in history . And , Kessler found , they continue their deceptions to this day . The tobacco industry spends nearly $ 13 billion annually -- $ 35 million every single day -- to market its deadly and addictive products , often in ways that appeal to kids . As smoking rates have declined and restrictions on smoking have multiplied , the industry has introduced new smokeless tobacco products and significantly increased marketing for them . Some of these products look like candy , are flavored like candy and have colorful packaging like candy . They are easily concealed in settings such as classrooms . Even as the FDA begins to exercise its new authority over tobacco products , the industry concocts new schemes to thwart the regulations . Tobacco companies have sought to evade the new ban on deceptive "  light " and "  low-tar " labels by introducing lighter-colored packaging for light brands and switching to terms such as "  gold " and "  silver " to replace "  light " and "  ultra-light . " The color-coded packs seek to perpetuate the falsehood that some cigarette brands are less harmful than others . Each time state and local governments consider smoke-free workplace laws , the tobacco industry recycles baseless arguments against these measures , which are proved to protect health . Every time states consider raising tobacco taxes -- a proven way to reduce smoking , especially among teenagers -- the industry seeks to manipulate public opinion with bogus claims and calculated alliances with less controversial political groups . For example , in Georgia this year , Philip Morris promoted a rally that ostensibly was organized by anti-tax organizations . Big Tobacco 's role was exposed when the Atlanta Journal-Constitution discovered this fine print at the bottom of a rally invitation : "  Paid for by Altria Client Services on behalf of Philip Morris USA . " These continuing actions make it urgent for the trial court to impose the remedies first ordered in 2006 . They include requiring the tobacco companies to make corrective statements about the health risks of smoking and secondhand smoke and their deceptive practices . These statements must appear in newspaper and television advertising , on the companies ' Web sites and on cigarette packaging . The trial court also ordered the tobacco companies to report marketing data annually to the government , demanded public disclosure of more internal documents and prohibited the companies from committing acts of racketeering or making false , misleading or deceptive statements about cigarettes and their health risks . Tobacco use is the nation 's leading cause of preventable death , claiming more than 400,000 lives and costing $ 96 billion in health-care expenditures each year . Elected leaders can no longer stand idly by while the tobacco companies continue to engage in unlawful activity and harm public health . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Matthew Myers .	Matthew Myers : High Court upholds racketeering ruling on Big Tobacco , which lied to public Myers says it 's time to fund education and stop-smoking campaigns Tobacco industry spends $ 35 million daily to market its deadly products , Myers writes Big Tobacco undermines laws to control it , he says , so it 's urgent to impose remedies
Battling near-freezing temperatures and darkness , rescue workers and residents in eastern Turkey early Monday scoured the wreckage wrought by the country 's most-powerful earthquake in more than a decade , hoping to find survivors . They used flashlights , shovels , heavy machinery and their hands to lift the debris , and climbed over collapsed buildings in search of victims . At least 217 people were killed in Sunday 's quake , said Turkish Interior Minister Idris Naim Sahin , the Anatolian news agency reported Monday . The previous official toll was 138 . Another 350 people were injured in the quake , which the U.S. Geological Survey said had a magnitude of 7.2 . Roughly 20 aftershocks rattled eastern Turkey in one of the nation 's poorest areas . The largest had a magnitude of 6.0 . One hundred people were killed in Van , while 117 were killed in Ercis , said Sahin , the Anatolian news agency reported . It also said that schools will be closed for a week in Van . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan told reporters the death toll is likely to climb , as rescue teams work through the night to save people still trapped in the rubble . The prime minister said 55 buildings collapsed in Ercis on the north shore of Lake Van , while the Turkish Red Crescent had said earlier that some 25 apartment buildings and a student dormitory collapsed in the town . Local rescuers took many wounded people out of the dormitory , a Red Crescent statement said , without saying exactly how many . A health services building also collapsed , along with part of a hospital , CNN sister network CNN Turk reported . The injured were being treated in the hospital 's garden . "  People are really scared , " said CNN Turk reporter Nevsin Mengu . "  The survivors are now trying to survive the cold weather . " She said many residents are not returning to their houses , but sleeping on rooftops or in the streets . It was not clear whether their homes were uninhabitable , or whether they were just too frightened . Electricity and natural gas were off in most of the city . Speaking from Van , Mengu said the death toll is almost sure to rise , as rescue teams have not yet reached some of the smaller villages . Trucks carrying medical aid and food were seen driving into Van . Official rescue efforts were also under way in Ercis , said CNN Turk reporter Sevda Incesu , but residents were conducting efforts of their own . Ambulances were having trouble getting into town because the roads were littered with debris , she said . Video footage from the scene showed survivors freed from the rubble being loaded onto stretchers amid a crush of rescue workers and bystanders . Heavy equipment was used to sift through the wreckage , as residents gathered around small fires . Are you there ? Submit your pictures or video The Red Crescent called for rescue workers , machinery and drinking water . A crisis center was set up by the country 's Health Ministry in the Turkish capital , Ankara . Health Minister Recep Akdag said an air ambulance and several helicopters would go to the quake zone . Rescue teams of about 500 people were on the ground , according to the crisis center , and additional aid teams were dispatched from 29 surrounding cities . Medical helicopters were transporting the injured to hospitals in other provinces , the center said . Two tent hospitals were being set up in Ercis , and two cargo planes were dispatched from the capital carrying medical teams and aid . A seven-story building collapsed on Kazim Karabekir Street in the city of Van , and more buildings were reduced to rubble the village of Tabanli in Van province , the Anatolian news agency said . It was unknown how many people were trapped . Prime Minister Erdogan and Health Minister Akdag arrived in the area Sunday , according to the Ministry of Health 's crisis center . Israel offered Turkey "  any help it may require " after the earthquake , Defense Minister Ehud Barak 's office said . Israel and Turkey , once close allies , saw a deterioration in relations in a dispute over an Israeli naval commando raid on the Gaza-bound ship Mavi Marmara , in which nine Turkish activists were killed . Other nations and organizations offered condolences and assistance to Turkey . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the brave men and women who are working to bring assistance to this stricken region , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement . "  We stand shoulder to shoulder with our Turkish ally at this difficult time , and are ready to assist the Turkish authorities . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued a similar statement . A spokesman for the Turkish Foreign Ministry said the country , while grateful for offers of aid , is prepared to handle the disaster on its own . Turkey is "  no stranger to having these seismic events , " but Sunday 's quake is considered major , CNN Meteorologist Reynolds Wolf reported . A magnitude 7.6 earthquake in Izmit , Turkey , killed more than 17,000 people in 1999 , according to the USGS . A magnitude 7.2 tremor in Duzce the same year killed 894 people , the USGS reported . Sunday 's major quake hit at 1:41 p.m. local time . It took place about 12 miles from Van , the USGS said . The USGS reported a depth of 4.5 miles , or 7.2 kilometers ; the center in Turkey said the quake was about 3 miles , or 5 kilometers , deep .	At least 217 people are reported dead ; 350 are injured The USGS reports the quake had a magnitude of 7.2 Rescue teams struggle to reach some smaller villages A 7.6 earthquake in Turkey killed more than 17,000 people in 1999
CNN  -- Republicans and Democrats raised serious concerns more than two years ago with the Obama administration about the possibility of swapping Taliban prisoners for captured Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl but said promised consultation never materialized . That disclosure on Tuesday illuminated congressional dismay with the White House over its decision to finally negotiate Bergdahl 's release in exchange for the transfer of five men held at Guantanamo Bay to Qatar . A statement by House Speaker John Boehner referred to "  serious questions " he and others raised in briefings that date back as far as late 2011 and in followup correspondence , and said promises of further discussions were ignored . "  Unfortunately , the questions and concerns we had were never satisfactorily answered and they remain today . At the time , the administration deferred further engagement because the prospects of the exchange had diminished , " Boehner said . "  The administration provided assurances , publicly reiterated by the White House in June 2013 , that its engagement with Congress would resume if the prospects for an exchange became credible again , " Boehner said . Was Bergdahl swap legal ? Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein said that she and the panel 's vice chair , Saxby Chambliss , a Georgia Republican , were briefed on the administration 's proposal in November 2011 . A number of other top lawmakers in the House and Senate also received briefings , GOP aides said . The California Democrat said she and Chambliss wrote a classified letter to Hillary Clinton , who was secretary of state at the time , in December of that year that was also signed by the leaders of the House Intelligence Committee . Feinstein said another letter went to President Barack Obama in January of 2012 . "  Both letters registered concerns with the proposal and opposed the transfer of the detainees to Qatar , " she said . The lawmakers received a "  comprehensive response " from Clinton that included "  security assurances and a promise of consultation with the Congress , " she said . GOP aides said other lawmakers also received a response from Clinton . But Feinstein , like Boehner , said she was n't aware of any further consultation until receiving a call on Saturday from the administration saying that Bergdahl had been released and the terror detainees were on their way to Qatar . "  Given the past briefings and concerns we had addressed , and these were from both committees and the leadership of both committees , the concerns were bipartisan , and I strongly believe that we should have been consulted , " she said . "  I think you can see that we 're very dismayed about it , " Feinstein said . She said the White House deputy national security adviser , Tony Blinken , called her to apologize for the lack of advance notice . Angry lawmakers cited a law signed by Obama requiring 30-day notice of plans to transfer prisoners from Guantanamo . Obama told reporters in Poland on Tuesday that the circumstances required an immediate decision within his authority as commander in chief . "  We have consulted with Congress for quite some time about the possibility we may have to execute a prisoner exchange , " Obama said . "  We saw an opportunity and we were concerned about his health and had cooperation from the Qataris and we seized that . It was truncated to make sure we did n't miss that opportunity . " But Feinstein said there "  has not been even the weakest case " made that Bergdahl 's health required immediate action to negotiate his release , In their previous correspondence with the administration , which CNN reviewed but was not allowed to copy , the lawmakers asked that a number of issues be addressed . They included precedent for such an exchange , the impact it would have on combat troops , and the risks of the five terror detainees returning to the battlefield . They also wanted to know whether the administration had exhausted all other options to secure Bergdahl 's release before it pursued a possible exchange . In all discussions and the private communications about such a step , there were exchanges about possible conditions placed on the detainees -- including renouncing al Qaeda and violence in the region . But those terms were not included in the deal . Boehner said the administration 's actions and lack of consultation with Congress merited further review , and supported House Armed Services Committee Chairman "  Buck " McKeon 's call for hearings . Clinton wanted a tougher deal with Taliban for Bergdahl	Republicans and Democrats raised concerns with the Obama administration But they say they were ultimately ignored after getting assurances they 'd be consulted The White House signed off on a deal to free Bowe Bergdahl without notifying Congress Senior lawmakers are dismayed , House may hold a hearing
EW.com  -- Hey girl , you "  do n't need makeup , " but a little lip gloss would n't hurt . They may sing about natural beauty in the song "  What Makes You Beautiful , " but that 's not stopping One Direction 's Niall Horan , Zayn Malik , Liam Payne , Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson from releasing a line of beauty products targeted at their female fan base . The British pop group has teamed up with London-based makeup brand MUA Cosmetics to create "  Little Things , " a collection of lipstick , lip gloss , blush , and nail polish inspired by the guys ' favorite colors and flavors . EW : Making dollars on scents : One Direction , Scarlett Johansson , more stars strike perfume deals Among the sure-to-be must-have products is a scented lip polish that comes with the promise of "  super soft lips that smell good enough to eat . " The balms come in five shades , which are named after each guy 's favorite flavor -- "  Harry loves Strawberry , " "  Zayn loves Watermelon , " "  Louis loves Vanilla , " "  Niall loves Cherry , " "  Liam loves Blueberry " -- so choose according to your particular 1D crush and pretend to pucker up . If you 're not that innocent , the more mature "  Kiss You " lipstick colors range from soft pink  "  Moments "  to siren red  "  Be Mine "  . EW : Full coverage of style and design Cheek tints come in "  Coral Cutie , " "  Pink Explosion , " and "  Rose Riot , " but despite the , uh , cheeky names , each of the three shades is actually quite age-appropriate considering the band 's young audience . Rounding out the collection is a line of five nail polish colors , each bottle bearing the countenance of a One Direction cutie . According to the MUA Cosmetics website , each of the products in the line is priced under # 3  around $ 4.60 USD  and will be available "  very soon !! " at www.superdrug.com . One Direction have already released a line of school supplies with Office Depot and a signature 1D fragrance is in the works . What 's next ? If their lyrics are any indication -- "  The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed ... " -- hair products would a logical next step . What do you think of the One Direction beauty collection ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The singing group has a new line of beauty products There will be a collection of lipstick , lip gloss , and blush They have already released a line of school supplies with Office Depot
Editor 's note : This is an excerpt from "  Zeitoun " by Dave Eggers , a nonfiction account of a Syrian-American immigrant and his extraordinary experience during Hurricane Katrina . Eggers is the author of five other books , including "  What Is the What , " a finalist for the 2006 National Book Critics Circle Award . Eggers is the founder and editor of McSweeney 's , an independent publishing house based in San Francisco . Dave Eggers writes that Abdulrahman Zeitoun dreamed of fishing on the Syrian coast as Katrina approached . CNN  -- FRIDAY , AUGUST 26 , 2005 On moonless nights the men and boys of Jableh , a dusty fishing town on the coast of Syria , would gather their lanterns and set out in their quietest boats . Five or six small craft , two or three fishermen in each . A mile out , they would arrange the boats in a circle on the black sea , drop their nets , and , holding their lanterns over the water , they would approximate the moon . The fish , sardines , would begin gathering soon after , a slow mass of silver rising from below . The fish were attracted to plankton , and the plankton were attracted to the light . They would begin to circle , a chain linked loosely , and over the next hour their numbers would grow . The black gaps between silver links would close until the fishermen could see , below , a solid mass of silver spinning . Abdulrahman Zeitoun was only thirteen when he began fishing for sardines this way , a method called lampara , borrowed from the Italians . He had waited years to join the men and teenagers on the night boats , and he 'd spent those years asking questions . Why only on moonless nights ? Because , his brother Ahmad said , on moon-filled nights the plankton would be visible everywhere , spread out all over the sea , and the sardines could see and eat the glowing organisms with ease . But without a moon the men could make their own , and could bring the sardines to the surface in stunning concentrations . You have to see it , Ahmad told his little brother . You 've never seen anything like this . And when Abdulrahman first witnessed the sardines circling in the black he could not believe the sight , the beauty of the undulating silver orb below the white and gold lantern light . He said nothing , and the other fishermen were careful to be quiet , too , paddling without motors , lest they scare away the catch . They would whisper over the sea , telling jokes and talking about women and girls as they watched the fish rise and spin beneath them . A few hours later , once the sardines were ready , tens of thousands of them glistening in the refracted light , the fishermen would cinch the net and haul them in . They would motor back to the shore and bring the sardines to the fish broker in the market before dawn . He would pay the men and boys , and would then sell the fish all over western Syria -- Lattakia , Baniyas , Damascus . The fishermen would split the money , with Abdulrahman and Ahmad bringing their share home . Their father had passed away the year before and their mother was of fragile health and mind , so all funds they earned fishing went toward the welfare of the house they shared with ten siblings . Abdulrahman and Ahmad did n't care much about the money , though . They would have done it for free . Thirty-four years later and thousands of miles west , Abdulrahman Zeitoun was in bed on a Friday morning , slowly leaving the moonless Jableh night , a tattered memory of it caught in a morning dream . He was in his home in New Orleans and beside him he could hear his wife Kathy breathing , her exhalations not unlike the shushing of water against the hull of a wooden boat . Otherwise the house was silent . He knew it was near six o'clock , and the peace would not last . The morning light usually woke the kids once it reached their second-story windows . One of the four would open his or her eyes , and from there the movements were brisk , the house quickly growing loud . With one child awake , it was impossible to keep the other three in bed . Kathy woke to a thump upstairs , coming from one of the kids ' rooms . She listened closely , praying silently for rest . Each morning there was a delicate period , between six and six-thirty , when there was a chance , however remote , that they could steal another ten or fifteen minutes of sleep . But now there was another thump , and the dog barked , and another thump followed . What was happening in this house ? Kathy looked to her husband . He was staring at the ceiling . The day had roared to life . The phone began ringing , today as always , before their feet hit the floor . Kathy and Zeitoun -- most people called him by his last name because they could n't pronounce his first -- ran a company , Zeitoun A. Painting Contractor LLC , and every day their crews , their clients , everyone with a phone and their number , seemed to think that once the clock struck six-thirty , it was appropriate to call . And they called . Usually there were so many calls at the stroke of six-thirty that the overlap would send half of them straight to voicemail . Kathy took the first one , from a client across town , while Zeitoun shuffled into the shower . Fridays were always busy , but this one promised madness , given the rough weather on the way . There had been rumblings all week about a tropical storm crossing the Florida Keys , a chance it might head north . Though this kind of possibility presented itself every August and did n't raise eyebrows for most , Kathy and Zeitoun 's more cautious clients and friends often made preparations . Throughout the morning the callers would want to know if Zeitoun could board up their windows and doors , if he would be clearing his equipment off their property before the winds came . Workers would want to know if they 'd be expected to come in that day or the next . "  Zeitoun Painting Contractors , " Kathy said , trying to sound alert . It was an elderly client , a woman living alone in a Garden District mansion , asking if Zeitoun 's crew could come over and board up her windows . "  Sure , of course , " Kathy said , letting her feet drop heavily to the floor . She was up . Kathy was the business 's secretary , bookkeeper , credit department , public-relations manager -- she did everything in the office , while her husband handled the building and painting . The two of them balanced each other well : Zeitoun 's English had its limits , so when bills had to be negotiated , hearing Kathy 's Louisiana drawl put clients at ease . This was part of the job , helping clients prepare their homes for coming winds . Kathy had n't given much thought to the storm this client was talking about . It took a lot more than a few downed trees in south Florida to get her attention . "  We 'll have a crew over this afternoon , " Kathy told the woman . Kathy and Zeitoun had been married for eleven years . Zeitoun had come to New Orleans in 1994 , by way of Houston and Baton Rouge and a half-dozen other American cities he 'd explored as a young man . Kathy had grown up in Baton Rouge and was used to the hurricane routine : the litany of preparations , the waiting and watching , the power outages , the candles and flashlights and buckets catching rain . There seemed to be a half-dozen named storms every August , and they were rarely worth the trouble . This one , named Katrina , would be no different .	Dave Eggers : Abdulrahman Zeitoun grew up in a Syrian fishing town He says Zeitoun emigrated to America and settled in New Orleans Zeitoun and his family thought little of Katrina as it approached the Gulf Coast
CNN  The death of Freddie Gray , which was the flashpoint for the protests and now the riots in Baltimore , has raised again the questions surrounding police use of force , especially after the now-familiar video of officers arresting Mr. Gray and loading him into a police van . Gray was arrested by police on April 12 . The 25-year-old was carried in the van for 40 minutes and he was not properly buckled in , according to authorities . Gray 's family said his voice box had been crushed and his neck snapped , and after a week of hospitalization , he died . Police Commissioner Anthony Batts has said , "  We know our police employees failed to get him medical attention in a timely manner multiple times . " The police and the U.S. Justice Department are investigating . The case raises at least three legal issues : Believe it or not , the charging document in this case gives us more information than the now-viral video of the arrest.In that narrative , police state "  Defendant fled unprovoked upon noticing police presence . " According to the officers ' words , that 's the sole reason a stop was initiated . There is no other description of either criminal activity or safety concerns . The next sentence is important too : "  The defendant was apprehended in -LSB- a specific location -RSB- after a brief foot chase . " The police are locked in : it appears that by their own narrative that the unprovoked flight was the only reason for the stop , because the very next thing that happens ... is the stop . Can the police stop you if all you do is run from them when you see them ? For the most part , yes . But having grounds to stop is not the same as having probable cause to make an arrest . In this case , Mr. Gray took off running . The United States Supreme Court and Maryland courts have made clear that unprovoked flight -- running away from the police for no reason -- is enough to support reasonable suspicion that a crime has been committed . When you add to the suspect 's flight the Supreme Court 's recognition that the character of the neighborhood is also a factor in assessing reasonable suspicion , it appears that the police in this case had at least enough to justify the stop , constitutionally . Much to the chagrin of public defenders and defense attorneys , as long as an officer testifies minimally to an individual  1  running away ,  2  in a "  high crime " area , the stop will usually be "  good . " But police are supposed to articulate the additional safety concern to get to the frisk . Police must also have reasonable suspicion that the suspect may be "  armed and presently dangerous " to additionally conduct a carefully limited search of the outer clothing for the sole purpose of discovering weapons . The charging document does n't really identify a safety concern ... or does it ? After the chase , and before an arrest : "  This officer noticed a knife clipped to the inside of his front right pants pocket . " Should n't that really say : "  I saw a clip but whatever it was clipped to was inside a pocket ... where I could n't see it " ? That 's a close call : Police were lawfully at the stop stage , but the knife -- even though it was inside his pants pocket -- was visible from the outside ... because of an identifying knife clip ? See how artfully that was done ? Observation of a knife is definitely a safety concern . Observation of a clip ? I suppose that will get the officer to the frisk of the pocket ... assuming he is a connoisseur of knife clips and can differentiate them from hair clips , chip clips , etc. . According to William Murphy , an attorney for Gray 's family , he was carrying a "  pocket knife of legal size , " and the lawyer contended that police did n't see the knife before the altercation . The legality of the knife will be an issue , but police have essentially conceded that the knife was not seen until the stop . The important thing here is that a stop and frisk is not the same as an arrest . In theory , if a stop gives rise to no suspicion , and a frisk yields nothing more than a comb and some pocket lint , the citizen should be free to leave . An arrest requires much more : probable cause to believe a crime has been committed , and nothing less . That knife was the only crime he was charged with , so again , police are locked into a narrative by their own report . If it ultimately turns out to be a legal knife , there will be a lot of scrutiny on the decision to arrest . For example , if the "  knife " was one of those pointy files attached to a 2-inch nail clipper , that does not sound like good faith probable cause for an arrest . Remember also that based on the police narrative in the report , they did not see the knife until after they seized Mr. Gray . So the question arises : What would they have done with Gray if he had no knife or other contraband on him ? They could , but most likely not unless there was some intentional act that resulted in Gray 's death . As we 've seen , charging officers with crimes -- especially murder -- is rare and difficult . If you 're pro-cop , you could say that 's because they are well-trained and rarely abuse their force . If you have a more jaded view of law enforcement , you would say it 's because they are well-trained , and consequently very skilled at testifying or explaining their use of force . Baltimore Police are suggesting Mr. Gray 's injuries occurred after his arrest , while he was being transported back for processing , and that he may not have received proper medical attention . That 's not a surprise . In fact , from a liability perspective , this is a good strategic move for the police . It will be harder to hold them liable if Gray 's injuries happened after -- not before -- his arrest . Pre-arrest , Gray 's "  seizure " would be judged by a "  reasonableness " standard , under the Fourth Amendment . However , courts have limited these "  seizures " to the initial act of seizing the person . Any excessive force claims after the arrest are not covered by the Fourth Amendment . The claims of an arrestee are instead governed by a different constitutional provision : the Due Process Clause of the 14th Amendment . So what ? What 's the difference between the Fourth and 14th Amendment anyway ? When it comes to potential civil liability of the officers , it makes a huge difference . The applicable burden of proof and chances of winning a lawsuit depend largely on which constitutional standard governs . Under the Fourth Amendment , the test is whether the force was objectively unreasonable based on the totality of the circumstances . Under the 14th Amendment standard , the officer will only be liable if the force was applied maliciously and sadistically for the very purpose of causing unnecessary and wanton pain and suffering . That 's a much tougher burden for a plaintiff to meet . Fortunately , courts have held that pretrial detainees like Freddie Gray are entitled to at least the same protection under the 14th Amendment as are convicted prisoners under the Eighth Amendment , and its prohibition against "  cruel and unusual punishments , " in this case the deliberate indifference to medical needs of prisoners . Confused ? You 're not alone . Even a Supreme Court justice has taken issue with this view of the Constitution . Other jurisdictions have actually opted to extend the protections of the Fourth Amendment after arrest , so not only could reasonable minds differ ... reasonable courts , judges , and states differ , too . It 's just that Maryland is not within one of those jurisdictions . But it 's true . It 's a kind of unintentional "  gap " in constitutional coverage , one the courts have struggled to deal with . Based on the law , it seems that if an arrestee is hurt during a "  rough ride , " police might avoid liability in Maryland if they contend the injury was not caused wantonly or sadistically . That 's a higher standard for liability than if Freddie Gray was hurt pre-arrest , so , if it 's the truth , it just happens to also be a constitutionally convenient one .	Were the police justified in stopping Freddie Gray ? Can they be held liable for his death ?
CNN  -- Maybe you had one as a kid , or knew someone who did . It 's the iconic little red wagon with the Radio Flyer logo . Radio Flyer is developing a prototype of a wagon with digital controls and an MP3 player dock . If so , you might not recognize the newest product dreamed up by the brain trust at Radio Flyer 's Chicago , Illinois , headquarters . This wagon , called the Cloud 9 , is equipped with enough high-tech bells and whistles to make the family minivan jealous . "  We approached this product much like an automotive company might with a concept car , " said Mark Johnson , Radio Flyer 's product development manager . Outfitted with 5-point safety harnesses , padded seats , cup holders , foot brakes and fold-out storage containers , the sleek , curved Cloud 9 has every family covered for a ride through the park . But that 's just for starters . There 's a digital handle that tracks temperature , time , distance and speed -- just in case energetic parents want to track their split times around the playground . And there 's a slot for an MP3 player , complete with speakers , for some cruising tunes . That 's right : The little red wagon has gone 2.0 . "  Music is such an important part of kids ' and families ' lives , we thought it would be great to have a speaker system built in the wagon , " said Tom Schlegel , vice president of product development . The Cloud 9 is still a prototype , but it was n't developed on a whim . The company did extensive market research beforehand , then tested it out on the real experts at home . "  We sit down -LSB- and -RSB- observe how moms and kids are using our products , " said Schlegel . "  That 's where our new ideas come from . " To develop those ideas , Radio Flyer 's designers are using state-of-the art technology . They use Wacom Cintiq graphic tablets , allowing them to draw directly onto digital renderings of new products . And Radio Flyer also has its own in-house computer numerical control , or CNC , machines that create prototypes right on site . Radio Flyer 's blend of cutting-edge design and old-fashioned products appears to be a successful recipe . In an economy where businesses and families alike are tightening their belts , the company is still going strong . "  Radio Flyer survived the Great Depression , and this year has been a difficult year for a lot of companies , " Schlegel says , "  But Radio Flyer is actually growing this year . We 're actually looking for engineers and designers in our product development group to keep up with the growth of the company . " That 's quite a testament for a company nearly 90 years old . Theirs is an American success story that started when Italian immigrant Antonio Pasin started building wooden toy wagons in 1917 . He had limited success but was encouraged enough to start the Liberty Coaster Company in 1923 . The company changed names seven years later , becoming Radio Steel & Manufacturing . The world was introduced that same year to the first steel wagon , called the Radio Flyer . Since then , Radio Flyer has become perhaps the world 's most famous maker of wagons , tricycles and other toys . The company 's best-known product even inspired a 1992 movie , "  Radio Flyer , " about a boy who imagines converting his red wagon into a flying machine to help his little brother flee an abusive stepdad . Whether you grew up on Rock - 'em Sock - 'em Robots or Xbox , the little red wagon has remained a mainstay of child 's play . It 's certainly evolved over the years , though -- the rusty metal has been replaced with plastic . But the spirit of Radio Flyer , which conjures memories of a simpler time , remains intact . "  One of the most important things about Radio Flyer products is that they really help -LSB- keep kids active outdoors -RSB- , " Schlegel said . "  So when we 're designing our products , we 're really looking at how can we get kids outside and playing , away from the video games and TV screens and computer screens . " CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Radio Flyer , maker of the classic red toy wagon , is creating a high-tech new product The Cloud 9 wagon has digital controls , speakers and a dock for an MP3 player The wagon is still a prototype , developed after extensive market research Radio Flyer 's founder began building wooden toy wagons in 1917
CNN  -- My grandfather Jacques Cousteau and my father Philippe dedicated their lives to revealing the ocean 's wonders and helping us understand our connection to this vast expanse of water . Their work inspired generations and filled people with awe . Times have changed and so have circumstances and perceptions about the ocean . In recent years , the focus has been on the very serious challenges the ocean faces and the impact these challenges are already having on our daily lives . The effects of climate change , pollution and overfishing should be making headlines because the ocean and all of us -- and I literally mean all humankind -- who depend on its resources are facing the very real prospect of the catastrophic collapse of ocean ecosystems if we continue on our current course . Watch : Going Green : Oceans on Friday March 29 at 15:30 GMT Despite the challenges our ocean faces , I believe it 's time to recapture the sense of wonder and inspiration my grandfather and father felt when they gazed on its surface . In fact , the ocean can and should be a source of hope and solutions for a brighter future . Before you accuse of me of eschewing cold hard reality for a world view through rose-colored glasses , hear me out . What I 'm proposing is that we step back and look at the potential a healthy ocean has to provide us with a prosperous and sustainable future . Just take a moment to think about what the ocean does for us on a daily basis : it produces half of the world 's oxygen ; it provides more than one billion people with their primary source of protein ; its natural eco-systems like coral reefs , mangroves and wetlands provide protection against coastal erosion and natural disasters such as tsunamis ; it regulates our climate ; and a healthy ocean fuels sustainable businesses and a strong economy in industries such as seafood , tourism , pharmaceuticals and shipping . Read/Watch : ` The most imaginative person I 've ever met ' That 's really only the beginning . Check out Ocean Conservancy 's "  Why the Ocean Matters " feature if you want to be truly amazed . My point is the answers to many of our greatest environmental and social challenges literally surrounds us . For the ocean to continue to do what 's it 's done for millions of years and serve the needs of a rapidly expanding human population , it needs to be healthy . Biodiversity , coral reefs , wetlands and trash-free seas are n't just terms on a page they are environmental imperatives that dictate the future of the planet . We have the know-how and resources to conserve and restore the aquatic and marine systems that keep the ocean and us healthy . As my grandfather once said , "  The technology that we use to abuse the planet is the same technology that can help us to heal it . " Big technology like renewable energy , carbon sequestration and advances in aquaculture certainly have a major role in restoring the ocean and the planet to a healthy balance , but in many cases it 's a matter of giving nature the space and time to do what it needs to do with a helping hand from all of us . Regulations that help replenish and protect fish stocks , restoration and conservation projects to protect and nurture natural barriers like reefs and wetlands , and reforestation efforts are all things that can have a huge impact on ocean health with no rocket science necessary . Take fisheries for example , with two billion people joining us on this planet over the next 40 years , there will be a huge need for more sources of protein . If these needed protein sources were to come primarily from livestock there is the very real potential for catastrophic pollution of water and land , not to mention the exponential increase in carbon emissions . But , by some estimates , simply managing fisheries better could feed up to one billion of those people and remember , seafood is 7-10 times more efficient as a source of protein than land-based meat sources ... if managed properly . If you are thinking this all sounds like the future of the ocean is in the hands of policymakers and big industry , please think again . Every hour of every day each of us have the opportunity to make choices with impact , from what we eat and the things we buy to the examples we set for our children and friends . The good news is technology and future-focused groups are providing us with some great tools and resources to get inspired and make smart decisions . For example : the Monterey Bay Aquarium 's Seafood Watch pocket guide and Ocean Conservancy 's Rippl app or EarthEcho 's Water Planet Challenge . We can make sure the ocean continues to provide inspiration , wonder and solutions for generations , however , it all comes down to personal and collective will . Ask yourself this question : When you look upon the ocean 10 years from now , do you want to see a sad reminder of what could have been ; or do you want to be filled with awe and inspired by a sense of endless possibilities ? The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Philippe Cousteau	It 's time to recapture our sense of wonder about the oceans , says Philippe Cousteau Environmental advocate asks people to think hard about all the services it provides humankind Having a healthy ocean is an "  environmental imperative " that will "  dictate future of planet " Measures to protect fish stocks and eco-systems can have huge impact on ocean health
CNN  -- Officials declared a state of emergency Saturday after a powerful predawn earthquake struck near Christchurch , New Zealand , sending people into the streets as windows exploded , water mains broke and buildings crumbled . No deaths were immediately reported . The Christchurch City Council declared a state of emergency in response to what it called "  significant damage , " just hours after the 7.0-magnitude earthquake rattled residents . The order allows authorities to force evacuations and prohibit entry into areas believed unsafe . Officials in Selwyn , a rural district near where the quake hit , also declared a state of local emergency . A curfew from 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. was in place , and the army was assisting local police to ensure there is no looting . Roughly 100 people were being treated for minor bumps and cuts after the strong quake , hospital officials said . Two people suffered more serious injuries . "  The house felt like it was on wheels , like it was rolling around on marbles , " resident Hadlee Wright told CNN 's Rick Sanchez . Pictures that Wright took of the city before daybreak showed collapsed buildings and streets littered with bits of brick and rock . The facade of one structure was almost entirely torn off . Power was out in the northwest part of the city , while water and sewage services have been affected in several regions , the Christchurch Civil Defense Group said in a statement . Roads also were damaged . Images taken by Jimmy Le Comte , and sent to CNN 's iReport , showed flooding in New Brighton , a Christchurch suburb . In one , a giant crack cuts across a road . The quake had a magnitude of 7.0 , down from an initial assessment of 7.4 , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It struck about 35 miles from Christchurch , a city with a population of some 386,000 people on the east coast of South Island . An aftershock with a magnitude of 5.7 struck not far from the epicenter about 20 minutes later , the survey said . A man in his 50s was hit by a falling chimney , while another suffered serious injuries after being cut by glass , said Michele Hider , a spokeswoman with Christchurch Hospital . Sebastian Koga , a hospital neurosurgeon , said roughly 100 people were being treated for minor injuries . He was not aware of any deaths . "  We 've had a flood of lacerations and minor head injuries , but nothing that could not be handled , " Koga said . Civil Defense Minister John Carter said the country 's prime minister is headed to Christchurch to assess the earthquake damage . "  We do n't know entirely what level of issues we 're dealing with at the moment . We 're still getting reports on it , but it has been extensive , " Carter told CNN affiliate TVNZ . "  We were lucky that the impact on the people from a death point of view has not been what it could have been under normal circumstances . " The earthquake struck at 4:35 a.m. Saturday  12:35 p.m. ET Friday  , when few people would have been out and about . Police said there was some initial looting activity , but that it was quickly brought under control . A man who was at the international airport in Christchurch described the scene . "  The entire terminal started shaking , " he said . "  I knew it was an earthquake . There was not much you could do at that point . " Authorities evacuated the airport , he said , adding that he saw minor damage . Reinier Eulink , general manager of the Holiday Inn in Christchurch , said there is damage around the hotel corridors and "  big cracks in the walls . " "  It was a big big long jolt , and the building moved a lot , " he said . The 13-floor building , with about 150 rooms , was about 40 percent occupied , and he estimated that 80 or more people were staying at the hotel at the time . Power was knocked out , but emergency power came on , Eulink added . People were milling around in the hotel lobby , trying to get warm during the chilly Southern Hemisphere winter . The quake was 7.5 miles deep , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said the event is not likely to generate a tsunami . Prime Minister John Key told CNN affiliate TVNZ it would likely be some time before the full cost of the quake could be calculated . He sought to reassure residents . "  We 're not going to let Christchurch suffer this great tragedy on its own , " said Key . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Mark Bixler , Joe Sterling and Katy Byron contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime minister says government will not abandon Christchurch Two people are being treated for serious injuries A 7.0-magnitude earthquake hit the east coast of the South Island early Saturday Roads and buildings were damaged
CNN  -- A whistle-blower whose research on athletes ' literacy caused a firestorm of controversy at the University of North Carolina is leaving , she told CNN on Monday . Mary Willingham said it 's her choice . She said she has n't yet turned in a final letter of resignation but simply informed her boss that she plans to leave before the end of the semester . "  It 's been a hostile work environment the entire year , " Willingham told CNN . "  I stuck it out because I wanted to make good on promises to my students , but it has not been fun . " UNC spokesman Joel Curran said he was aware of Willingham 's public comments , but he was "  unaware as to whether or not she has formally tendered her resignation . " Willingham was one of the original UNC staff members to publicly call attention to a system of "  paper classes " at UNC . She told the The News & Observer newspaper in nearby Raleigh that athletes were pushed into classes that required very little work and no attendance . This year , she told CNN that during the course of her research , she personally worked with athletes who were functionally illiterate . Her research was disavowed by the university . UNC : Experts find flaws in whistle-blower 's findings UNC said three independent experts in adult literacy conducted a university-commissioned review of Willingham 's research and found flaws in her claims that some athletes were reading at elementary-school levels . Willingham 's research , described to CNN in January , was based on a sampling of about 180 athletes with whom Willingham worked during an eight-year period . Each had taken a 25-question reading vocabulary test on the Scholastic Abilities Test for Adults . The aptitude test used by many universities to gauge the learning level of incoming students . Last month , a Washington whistle-blower group wrote a letter to UNC , demanding the university apologize to Willingham and launch an investigation into the way it says she has been publicly smeared , most specifically by Provost Jim Dean . The group said it was possible that North Carolina whistle-blower laws were broken . Since the CNN report aired , UNC has asked for a new investigation into the yearslong paper class scandal , in which student-athletes allegedly were taking classes in which the only requirement was completing a single paper . Attorney Kenneth Wainstein , who had worked at the U.S. Justice Department for 19 years , is reviewing whether it was widely known among staff in athletics that players were sent to no-show classes where little or no work was required . U.S. Rep. Tony Cardenas , D-California , is also demanding the NCAA address why UNC was never sanctioned . Willingham told CNN that the paper classes were widely known and talked about in athletics , where she worked for seven years . She also said the paper classes were used to keep eligible some of the athletes who were reading at low levels . Some college athletes play like adults , read like 5th-graders	Mary Willingham said her research exposed some athletes ' poor reading ability The University of North Carolina countered that experts found her results flawed Willingham said she stuck it out this long because of ` promises to my students ' She said she has n't turned in a final letter of resignation but told her boss of her intentions
After her husband 's failed 2008 run for president , Ann Romney said she would never do it again -- until she decided she would . And now that Mitt Romney is in the political fight of his life , Ann has become a key advocate and character witness . And when he 's attacked , she 's his chief defender -- as this race has become an increasingly personal crusade for a woman who wants the voters to see her husband the way she sees him . "  His whole life has been a preparation for him being where he is right now . His whole life has been an experience of working in very troubled situations , turning around troubled situations . His whole life has been in the private economy . He understands job creation . He understands the difficulties of an economic decline . He understands what 's missing in an economic recovery , " she told CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger in a recent interview in Reno , Nevada . What questions went unanswered at the first debate ? Share your thoughts with CNN iReport . She also stresses , in appearances , the personal side of her husband to try to combat a perception of him as an uncaring , rich businessman . "  He has a character that is so strong , and is caring , and is good , and is -- he 's just such a good , decent human being , " she said . Just this week , she headlined events in Las Vegas -- near where President Barack Obama was preparing for Wednesday 's debate -- and outside Denver . Her popularity is higher than her husband 's , and she makes sure to do a series of local television interviews at most stops to help spread the message . In campaign speeches , she describes how her husband helped those in need or who were sick , including visiting those in the hospital -- even taking their sons with him to help teach them . "  That is where Mitt is when someone is in trouble . He is there . He is by the bedside , " she told a campaign rally in Littleton , Colorado , on Tuesday . She also has encouraged others with personal stories of how he has helped people to share them , a campaign aide confirmed to CNN . Ann Romney : ` Dad ' is always with Mitt at the debates Since Mitt Romney is known as someone who does n't like to talk about himself and his record spanning private business and turning around the 2002 Olympics , his wife is trying to fill the void . "  One thing I know about Mitt . He does n't fail . ... I have seen him be successful in everything he tackles , " she told the Colorado audience . "  We 've seen Mitt do so many turnarounds . I am guessing this country is due for a turnaround , and I am guessing there is somebody who knows how to do turnarounds , and his name is Mitt Romney . " In light of polls that show a large majority of Americans say they do n't believe Mitt Romney understands the concerns of average Americans , one of his wife 's main missions is to convince them otherwise -- especially after the secretly recorded video at a fundraiser where he said 47 % of people would not vote for him because they do n't pay income taxes . Michelle Obama : Debates make me nervous "  I think the first and most important thing is to recognize is that 's not an accurate perception , that he 's obviously running for 100 percent of the Americans . ... This is a guy that does care , that does understand . That 's why we 're running , " she told Borger . After the 2008 campaign , Ann Romney made a video emphatically telling her husband she would not endure another campaign . She , however , changed her mind because she said the state of the economy convinced her he was needed . Her frustration with some of the recent Republican criticism of how her husband 's campaign is being run recently became public . When Radio Iowa asked her what she would say to those critics she responded "  Stop it . This is hard ... you want to try it . Get in the ring . " Ann Romney touts her husband 's softer side She was more cautious in the CNN interview . "  You know , there 's -- there 's always days when you just go -- you know , everyone 's a critic . And you just go , ` If -- if you really understood what you 're up against when you do run for president , it 's a very difficult thing , " ' she told Borger . "  It 's really hard for a family member , a person that loves this person that you see going through these difficulties , and just -- know , you know -- how tough it is on -- on that person that you love . " Mrs. Romney is also her husband 's major defender . Originally she wanted to go to back to the press section of the campaign plane to complain to reporters about some of the coverage of his European trip this past summer , but officials urged her not to do that , campaign aides confirmed to CNN . She makes gentle jabs at Obama and his record , such as describing to CNN the question people should ask themselves when going into the voting booth : "  They should be thinking about , ` Have the past four years been good ? Do you expect the economy to get better under this president ? Or do you think it 's gon na just go on as it has been , just dribbling along ? ' " While she continues to suffer from multiple sclerosis , which was diagnosed in 1998 , it is not stopping her from a vigorous campaign schedule . She is expected to be out on the trail constantly between now and Election Day at rallies , fundraisers and doing television interviews . Debate advice : Obama , light a cig ; Romney , throw deep	Ann Romney : husband 's best surrogate ? Ann Romney on Mitt : "  He 's just such a good , decent human being . " Ann Romney : "  His whole life has been in the private economy . He understands job creation . " Ann jabs Barack Obama 's record : "  Do you expect the economy to get better under this president ? "
Cairo  CNN  -- A stern Egyptian court ruling tied to a soccer riot spurred clashes that left at least 30 people dead on Saturday , the latest round of violence in the unsettled North African nation . In addition to those killed , more than 300 were wounded when people in the northeastern city of Port Said clashed with authorities outside a prison where their kin were being held , the head of Port Said hospitals told state-run Nile TV . They were angry because 21 of their relatives had just been sentenced to death for their role in a February 1 riot in a Port Said stadium . That 2012 incident -- during a game between Cairo 's prestigious Al-Ahly football club and the host Al-Masry team -- ended with 73 dead . Two months later , Egypt 's general prosecutor charged 75 people with "  premeditated murder and attempted murder , " while three Al-Masry officials and nine police officers were charged with "  assisting the murderers . " According to the prosecutor 's office , those in the latter group knew about the assault ahead of time , did n't confiscate weapons in advance , did n't stop them and -- in the case of an electricity engineer who was charged -- turned off the lights directly over the bleachers where the Al-Ahly fans were sitting right after the visiting team wrapped up its 3-1 victory . Fans from both sides bashed each other with rocks and chairs , yet prosecutors claimed the Port Said supporters were also armed with knives and other weapons . Many died after falling from bleachers inside the stadium , while others suffocated . It was unclear whether intense sports rivalries or political strife sparked the riot , though witnesses said tensions had grown throughout the game with Al-Masry fans throwing bottles and rocks at the opposing players . That violence begat more on Saturday , after some of the defendants ' relatives tried to storm the Port Said prison to free their loved ones being held inside , Interior Ministry spokesman Brig. Gen. Osama Ismail told Nile TV . The reaction was far different in Cairo , where Saturday 's verdict was issued due to security concerns . One man cried for joy , feeling that "  justice has been survived " following the death of his oldest son , the married father of two children . "  I finally felt that I am in a civilized country , " added a woman in Cairo 's capital . "  My son  did  nothing wrong . But my son 's legacy will live on , because of the true justice served here . " Egypt embroiled in deadly political unrest Saturday 's Port Said violence comes on the heels of other bloodshed around the nation , which was tied more explicitly to unrest about Egypt 's current leadership but nonetheless symptomatic of instability and insecurity two years after longtime President Hosni Mubarak was ousted . More recently , protesters have focused their anger at current President Mohamed Morsy . The former Muslim Brotherhood leader , who became Egypt 's first democratically elected leader last year , has come under fire by some who compared him to Mubarak and said he amassed power for himself and his Islamist allies . He has insisted his moves were necessary to move Egypt forward in the face of pressing issues and persistent obstacles . On Friday -- the anniversary of what some call the January 25 Revolution -- six people were killed in Suez and one in Ismailia , amid clashes involving anti-government protesters and those supportive of Morsy , as well as police . Hundreds more were injured in the unrest nationwide . Opinion : U.S. gets it wrong on Egypt again Referring to this violence and what happened Saturday in Port Said , Information Minister Salah Abdul Maqsoud read a statement on state TV saying the government was considering implementing a state of emergency in some areas . "  The  National Defense Council  denounces the acts of violence and demands all national and political forces be committed to the peaceful ways to express their opinion , " Maqsoud said after a meeting led by Morsy . "  The council  calls for wider national dialogue , led by  prominent  figures , to discuss the issues of political disagreement and reach national accordance . " On Saturday in Suez -- about 90 miles south of Port Said -- the government deployed troops and armored military vehicles in response to the previous day 's clashes . Brig. Gen. Adel Refat , the head of security in Suez , asked for the help after declaring the area "  out of control , " according to state news . Protesters accused Egyptian forces of opening fire during the demonstrations , a claim Refat strongly denied . Meanwhile , in Cairo , clashes extended to areas around the Shura Council , the upper house of parliament . Protesters overnight waged a standoff outside the Nile TV offices , with some tossing Molotov cocktails and police responding with tear gas . Journalist Ramy Francis and CNN 's Reza Sayah reported from Cairo ; CNN 's Amir Ahmed reported Atlanta . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Botelho , Yousuf Basil and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Egypt may issue a state of emergency if the unrest continues , a minister says At least 30 people are killed in clashes near a Port Said prison , officials tell state news The violence erupts after 21 are sentenced to death for their part in a deadly soccer riot Political unrest has also played a role in a recent violence , including seven deaths Friday
Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has signed a binding agreement to buy the Los Angeles Clippers for $ 2 billion from the Sterling family trust , a source familiar with the situation told CNN on Thursday night . A second source , who was familiar with the negotiations , confirmed the terms to CNN . The sale , negotiated by Shelly Sterling -- co-owner with estranged husband Donald Sterling -- will have to be approved at a NBA Board of Governors meeting . It was unclear whether a meeting set for Tuesday will go on , given Thursday 's developments . And the sale still may have to be approved by Donald Sterling , according to earlier comments by his attorney . Maxwell Blecher told CNN earlier that his client would have to consent to a sale and wants to be vindicated by the NBA , which is in the process of terminating the Sterlings ' ownership in the team for racist remarks Sterling made in an audio recording released online in April . The NBA has damaged Sterling 's reputation , Blecher claimed in a lengthy interview with CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  They know he is not a racist , " he said . Blecher said Sterling is troubled by the charges of racism . He thinks of himself as an exemplary owner with a 33-year history of supporting the African-American community , Blecher said . "  He wants to be vindicated . He does n't want his tombstone to say , ` Here lies Donald Sterling , racist . ' And the NBA has the power to make that right , " Blecher said , without saying what Sterling wants the league to do . CNN reached out to Blecher for comment on news of the sale , but did n't immediately hear back . Blecher said earlier that Sterling had no interest in selling the team , rather than passing it down to his heirs . When reminded that Sterling would make a huge profit on a sale , even after capital gains taxes , Blecher it should have been the billionaire businessman 's decision when to part with the team . It 's not about money , he said . In April , NBA Commissioner Adam Silver banned Sterling , fined him $ 2.5 million and prompted the league 's other 29 owners to begin proceeding to strip the longtime owner and his wife of the team . Sterling is considering suing the NBA if he does n't get the resolution he wants . Blecher said they were n't in a rush to file the lawsuit and were waiting in part in deference to Shelly Sterling as she negotiated the sale . Biggest NBA deal ever Ballmer is worth $ 20 billion , according to Forbes magazine . Another source said Ballmer 's offer earlier Thursday was $ 1.8 billion and Shelly Sterling was hoping to get a price that "  started with a two . " A group that included media moguls David Geffen and Oprah Winfrey also made a bid of $ 1.6 billion , the source told CNN . If the deal goes through , it would be the largest sum paid for an NBA franchise . Last month , the Milwaukee Bucks , a bad team in a small television market , sold for $ 550 million . But the Clippers are in the second-largest market in the league , albeit one they share with the Los Angeles Lakers , one of the most popular teams in professional sports . The Clippers , however , have been more successful in recent seasons , including this one that ended in the second round of the NBA playoffs . They also have stars Blake Griffin and Chris Paul . And their TV contract reportedly will expire in 2016 and could mean billions to the owner . The purchase would have to be approved by 75 % of the NBA 's 30 owners . Last year they denied a sale to a group that included Ballmer that would have resulted in the Kings moving to Seattle , after the league 's relocation committee recommended keeping the team in Sacramento . Ballmer , who attended several Clippers playoff games , told the Wall Street Journal earlier this month he would not move the team from Los Angeles . Donald Sterling has been the controlling owner of the Clippers since buying the team in 1981 for $ 12 million . Sterling 's wife : We 're just business partners Source : Clippers draw as many as five bidders	Second source confirms terms of the proposed sale Donald Sterling 's lawyer earlier said he would have to consent to a sale Sterling is upset because NBA knows ` he is not a racist , " attorney says Board of Governors would have to approve sale of team
CNN  -- An American man -- in the United Arab Emirates to speak at an international creativity conference -- has been detained in that Middle Eastern nation for allegedly taking a photo in a forbidden area , a family spokeswoman told CNN . Robert Alan Black is being held in Abu Dhuabi 's Al Wathba prison , said Rosemary Rein , the family spokeswoman , one of Black 's longtime friends and a fellow speaker at the "  Creative Thinkers " conference in the UAE capital . "  We know from Dr. Black that he took a picture of something he should n't have and that it was stupid , " said Rein , who did not know what Black photographed , where or when . A former architect , Black often takes photos of buildings , according to Rein . Doing so is prohibited in some parts of the United Arab Emirates , particularly in and around government buildings , embassies , military facilities and other places that are considered sensitive . The family is n't aware of any charges filed against Black . Neither the local police or prosecutor 's office have commented on his case , as is customary for similar arrests . When asked Friday about Black 's case , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said that the U.S. government knew of the reports but she did n't offer details . "  We take our obligation to assist U.S. citizens overseas seriously , " Psaki said . "  The U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi is providing all possible consular assistance . " The 70-year-old Black characterizes himself as an architect , cartoonist , graphic designer , professor and creativity consultant on his website . He has given presentations at more more than 150 creativity conferences on six continents since 1978 , not to mention authoring more than 600 articles and the book , "  Broken Crayons : Break Your Crayons and Draw Outside the Lines . " Rein said that Black 's next stop , after the Abu Dhabi conference , was supposed to be Malaysia . But after noticing he had n't posted to social media , she touched base with common acquaintances and learned that he 'd never made it to Asia . Black 's family has spoken to him twice since his detention , after a family member of a fellow inmate let him borrow a phone , Rein said . He told his daughter that guards there were treating him fairly and that he had access to his diabetes medication . "  He was so apologetic and just wanted to come home , " Rein said . Rein said that U.S. Embassy officials are working to get Black a phone card , and that his family is trying to hire a local attorney and raise money for his defense . The family is also writing a letter to the UAE government , saying "  it is our sincere hope that we can talk to officials and bring him home without any further legal proceedings , " Rein told CNN . "  We respect regulations , and any violation is unintended , " Rein said , citing the family 's message . "  We truly believe , if you see his profile and his track record as a consummate volunteer around the world , that any mistake that did happen was without any intent to disrespect the culture or the law . "	Robert Alan Black traveled to Abu Dhabi to speak at a creativity conference He 's detained for taking "  a picture of something he should n't have , " friend says Spokeswoman : U.S. Embassy is "  providing all possible consular assistance " Family asks UAE officials to release Black , says "  any violation is unintended "
CNN  -- Burning the Quran would be an "  outrageous and grave gesture , " the Vatican said Wednesday , joining a chorus of voices pleading with a small Florida church not to burn Islam 's holy book on the anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The Vatican body responsible for dialogue with other religions expressed "  great concern " about the plan by Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville , Florida . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said it would be a "  disrespectful , disgraceful act . " She was speaking Tuesday night at a State Department dinner in honor of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Her statement came a day after the top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan , Gen. David Petraeus , warned that the plan "  could cause significant problems " for American troops overseas . But despite the growing pressure , the pastor of the Florida church , Terry Jones , said Wednesday that "  as of this time we have no intention of canceling . " Jones all week has rebuffed pleas to call off the event , saying radical Islamists are the target of his message . "  The general needs to point his finger to radical Islam and tell them to shut up , tell them to stop , tell them that we will not bow our knees to them , " Jones said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  We are burning the book , " Jones said . "  We are not killing someone . We are not murdering people . " Jones announced Wednesday that the church 's website provider has "  canceled " Dove World Outreach Center 's accounts , though its website , and another URL for a book written by Jones titled "  Islam is of the Devil , " were still accessible Wednesday evening . "  We feel that it 's definitely an indirect attack on our freedom of speech , " Jones said , adding that the provider , Rackspace , is "  trying to shut us down . " But he said , "  This is not going to affect the event going forward . " A spokesman for the provider , Rackspace , said the company decided to cancel the center 's sites after investigating a complaint and reviewing both sites . The center "  violated the hate-speech provision of our acceptable-use policy , " said Rackspace spokesman Dan Goodgame . "  This is not a constitutional issue . This is a contract issue , " said Goodgame , adding that his company had given the center until midnight to find another host and move its content . Goodgame said Rackspace has about 100,000 customers and he did not know how long it had hosted those two specific sites . On Tuesday , Jones said his flock was taking Petraeus ' warning seriously but had not decided to cancel the event . Jones told CNN that while his congregation still plans to burn Qurans to protest the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , the church is "  weighing " its intentions . "  We have firmly made up our mind , but at the same time , we are definitely praying about it , " Jones said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " As reaction to the planned event grew Wednesday , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin took to social media outlets , using Twitter to call on Jones to "  please stand down . " On Facebook , Palin wrote that Jones ' planned Quran burning "  will feed the fire of caustic rhetoric and appear as nothing more than mean-spirited religious intolerance . Do n't feed that fire . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg is one of the few public officials who defended Jones ' right to go ahead , even as he condemned the idea as "  distasteful . "  I do n't think he would like if somebody burned a book that in his religion he thinks is holy . ... But the First Amendment protects everybody , and you ca n't say that we are going to apply the First Amendment to only those cases where we are in agreement , " Bloomberg said , citing the section of the Constitution that promises freedom of speech . "  If you want to be able to say what you want to say when the time comes that you want to say it , you have to defend others no matter how much you disagree with them , " Bloomberg said . The planned action has drawn sharp criticism from Muslims around the world and from U.S. officials . The U.S. Embassy in Pakistan condemned it as "  disrespectful , intolerant and divisive , " in a statement on Wednesday . "  We are deeply concerned about all deliberate attempts to offend members of any religious or ethnic group , " said Stephen Engelken , the second-ranking diplomat at the embassy . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul , Afghanistan , on Tuesday issued a statement saying the U.S. government "  in no way condones such acts of disrespect against the religion of Islam , and is deeply concerned about deliberate attempts to offend members of religious or ethnic groups . " It emphasized that it strongly condemned "  the offensive messages , which are contrary to U.S. government policy and deeply offensive to Muslims especially during the month of Ramadan . " "  Americans from all religious and ethnic backgrounds reject the offensive initiative by this small group in Florida . A great number of American voices are protesting the hurtful statements made by this organization , " the Afghanistan embassy said . The U.S. ambassador to Iraq , James Jeffrey , issued a joint statement with Lloyd Austin , the commanding general of U.S. forces in Iraq , to condemn the act . "  As this holy month of Ramadan comes to a close and Iraqis prepare to celebrate Eid al-Fitr , we join with the citizens of Iraq and of every nation to repudiate religious intolerance and to respect and defend the diversity of faiths of our fellow man , " they wrote . With about 120,000 U.S. and NATO-led troops still battling al Qaeda and its allies in the Islamic fundamentalist Taliban movement , Petraeus warned that burning Qurans "  is precisely the kind of action the Taliban uses and could cause significant problems -- not just here , but everywhere in the world we are engaged with the Islamic community . " Lebanese President Michel Suleiman denounced the Quran burning as "  contrary to the teachings of tolerant divine religions and totally incompatible with the logic of dialogue among civilizations , religions and cultures . " Suleiman noted that a United Nations conference on religious tolerance two years ago called on people "  to renounce hatred and intolerance and terrorism , " and "  to reflect on the Christian teachings and concepts of humanity that emphasizes the love and respect for the other . " Thousands of Indonesians gathered outside the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta , Indonesia , on Sunday to protest the planned Quran burning . "  The burning is not only an insult to the holy Quran , but an insult to Islam and Muslims around the world , " said Muhammad Ismail , a spokesman for the hard-line Indonesian Muslim group Hizb ut-Tahrir . Indonesia has the world 's largest Muslim population . Jones said his congregation is aware that the action is offensive . "  We realize that this action would indeed offend people , offend the Muslims . I am offended when they burn the flag . I am offended when they burn the Bible . But we feel that the message that we are trying to send is much more important than people being offended . " Jones said Muslims are welcomed in the United States , if they observe the Constitution and do n't try to impose Sharia , or Muslim law . The message , he said , is directed toward the "  radical element of Islam . " "  Our message is very clear , " he said . "  It is not to the moderate Muslim . Our message is not a message of hate . Our message is a message of warning to the radical element of Islam , and I think what we see right now around the globe provides exactly what we 're talking about , " he said . The center says it was founded in 1986 as a "  total concept church for the rich , the poor , the young and the old . " Its purpose is to "  stand up for righteousness and for the truth of the Bible . " It stresses that "  Christians must return to the truth and stop hiding . "	Pastor : "  We have no intention of canceling " Hillary Clinton condems the idea as "  disgraceful " Palin to pastor : "  Please stand down " Pastor Terry Jones says his message is aimed at radical Islamists
Washington  CNN  -- Thousands of Girl Scouts , former members and supporters swarmed the National Mall on Saturday for the organization 's 100-year celebration . With the temperature reaching 90 degrees , 63 people were treated for heat-related incidents and 20 were transported to area hospitals , the District of Columbia Fire and EMS Twitter account said . The heat prompted a steady stream of people at the event 's four first aid tents all afternoon , Deputy Chief Kevin Byrne said , with many returning to the festivities after getting some water or ice . At one point , a fire truck was used to spray water on the crowd to cool them off . Organizers declined to comment on any heat-related incidents . The event , "  Girl Scouts Rock the Mall " , brought together scouts from around the world , organizers said , to watch performances , to participate in sing-alongs and other educational activities . Juliette Gordon Low founded the Girl Scouts in 1912 . She was posthumously awarded the Medal of Freedom by President Obama last month .	Girl Scouts celebrate organization 's 100th birthday They gathered on National Mall in Washington More than 60 people treated for heat-related causes
CNN  -- A circus elephant injured last year in a drive-by shooting returned to the ring Thursday in the city where she was shot . "  She 's doing great -- happy to be back in Tupelo , and happy to be back performing , " said Steve Payne , spokesman for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus . Carol the elephant was shot April 2013 on the grounds of BancorpSouth Arena , in Tupelo , Mississippi , while on tour with "  The Greatest Show on Earth . " She was struck behind her ear . The 40-year-old Asian elephant took a few weeks off to recover , Payne said . She 's performed since the shooting , but Thursday marked the circus ' first show back in Tupelo . Carol has shown no problems or other issues , the spokesman said . Working with local law enforcement , the circus has stepped up security , he added . "  I have no idea why anyone in the world would want to do something so malicious or stupid , " Capt. Rusty Haynes , with the Tupelo police , said last year of the unknown assailant . "  It makes no sense to me whatsoever . " Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus is scheduled to be in Tupelo through Sunday . Elephants escape circus in St. Louis , damage cars	The 40-year-old Asian elephant was shot April 2013 A circus spokesman says she 's doing great : "  Happy to be back " "  The Greatest Show on Earth " will be in Tupelo through Sunday
CNN  -- German champions Bayern Munich have confirmed the appointment of Dutchman Louis van Gaal as their new head coach . Van Gaal will take over from Jurgen Klinsmann at Bayern Munich after leading AZ Alkmaar to the Dutch title . Van Gaal , who led AZ Alkmaar to the Dutch title this season , has been released from his contract with the Eredivisie club and will officially take up the reins as Jurgen Klinsmann 's successor on July 1 . The 57-year-old has agreed a two-year deal with the Bundesliga outfit . Bayern Munich are currently being managed by caretaker coach Jupp Heynckes , who has steered the club to within goal difference of Bundesliga leaders Wolfsburg , with just two matches remaining this season . "  We are happy to have signed an experienced and successful coach such as Louis van Gaal , " said Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge in a club statement . Van Gaal has a wealth of European experience , leading Ajax to three consecutive Dutch titles in the mid-1990 's , before guiding Barcelona to the Primera Liga title in 1998 and 1999 . Following a disappointing spell as Dutch national coach , Van Gaal has restored his reputation at Alkmaar , guiding the club to only the second Dutch title in their history , going on an unbeaten 28-match league run in the process .	Bayern Munich appoint Louis van Gaal as their new coach on a two-year deal The Dutchman will take control on July 1 in succession to Jurgen Klinsmann Van Gaal has led AZ Alkmaar to Dutch Eredivisie championship this season
CNN  -- At Christmas , the name of Jesus resounds everywhere in homes , churches , in hauntingly gorgeous carols , even casual conversations . Yet Christians did n't settle on December 25 as Christmas day until the fourth century , and this choice probably had something to do with its proximity to the winter solstice or its position as the final day of the Roman Saturnalia . It was in the late third century , in fact , that the Roman emperor Aurelian established this date as a feast day celebrating the birth of the Unconquered Sun  Sol Invictus  , so it already had festive and quasi-religious prominence . Now it serves to welcome the infant who became Christ , the Greek word for Messiah . There are probably as many visions of Jesus , and versions , as there are Christians . Many regard him as their savior , the Son of God sent to Earth to save human beings from themselves . Others see him as a great teacher , a healer or rabbi of extraordinary power , a holy man or prophet who proposed a new covenant between heaven and earth . To some , he represents a new world order , an egalitarian society , a preacher of nonviolence who asked us to turn the other cheek . Was he the long-awaited Messiah ? The Lamb of God who removes the sin of the world by his self-sacrifice ? King of the Jews ? Or something less dramatic but still impressive -- an ethical teacher of extraordinary grace and power ? My father , a former Roman Catholic , became a Baptist minister , and I grew up with an insider 's view of evangelical Christianity . My father read the Bible aloud at breakfast each morning , always in the King James Version . Beginning in December , I listened to the sonorous birth narratives of Luke and Matthew . In the latter , there are Wise Men coming from the East , a mysterious star , the massacre of innocent children by King Herod , and a flight to Egypt by the Holy Family . Belief Blog : The Christmas message of the real St. Nicholas My father , like me , preferred the gentler Christmas story put forward by Luke : "  And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field , keeping watch over their flock by night . And , lo , the angel of the Lord came upon them , and the glory of the Lord shone round about them : and they were sore afraid . And the angel said unto them , Fear not : for , behold , I bring you good tidings of great joy , which shall be to all people . " I remember asking my father one day why these two Christmas stories seemed incompatible , at best . Even the lineages put forward by Matthew and Luke have few points of reconciliation . I also wondered why the two other Gospels -- Mark and John -- made no mention of Christmas . Why was there no mention of Christmas anywhere else in the whole of the Bible ? Did n't they care ? He was a gentle but cautious fellow , my father , with a rock-solid faith . "  It 's probably better not to ask difficult questions , " he said . "  God will , in time , provide the answers . But not now . Not in this life . " He told me simply to enjoy Christmas . That did n't satisfy me , of course . Why should it ? I realized that , as St. Paul so elegantly put it , we see only "  through a glass darkly " while on this earth . But was n't that too easy ? I needed to know more . And I still want to know the truth about this luminous figure , Jesus of Nazareth . Was he really the Son of God ? Why was he sent into the world ? Do we know anything about him , really ? To consider yourself a Christian , must you believe in the Virgin Birth , or that Jesus walked on water , healed the sick , and rose triumphantly from the dead ? Does it matter if we take all of this on board in a literal fashion ? Is n't this a lovely mythos -- the Greek word for story -- a narrative with symbolic resonance and profound meaning ? Christmas by the numbers Jesus himself seemed unwilling to answer questions about his royal status or divinity . When asked by Pontius Pilate about his status as King of the Jews , he simply replied , "  You say so . " Many in his circle referred to as the Son of God , but this was n't an especially divine title . Augustus Caesar was called Son of God -- Divi filius -- on Roman coins . Jesus certainly regarded himself as having a filial connection to the person he called , in his native Aramaic , Abba , or Father . But does n't that only mean he felt like a son before this personified spirit ? He was also called the Son of Man , reaching back to an ancient Hebraic phrase , which had rather humbling connotations .  It was in the Book of Daniel that a visionary figure called the Son of Man came into view , in apocalyptic terms  . All attempts to classify Jesus seem hopelessly inadequate . As I 've grown older , I appreciate more than ever before the strength of this figure , Jesus , who emerges in the four canonical Gospels , and the Gnostic gospels , as a witty , intelligent , complex , inspiring , and often contradictory person . He was a religious genius who grew up on the Silk Road in ancient Palestine , on that magical trade route connecting East and West . From the West he acquired an understanding of Greek metaphysics , with its remarkable formulation of body and soul . From the East came the winds of mysticism , a sense of self-transformation based on the loss of selfhood , with enlightenment the ultimate goal . Jesus brings East and West together , focusing on his key idea -- that of a gradually realizing kingdom , a mystical space beyond time , though it requires time in order to root and grow . As he told someone who asked where this lofty kingdom lay : "  The kingdom of God is within you . " Photos : Santas over the years Too many Christians regard their religion as a list of boxes that need checking . To belong , you must subscribe to a particular set of beliefs . It 's dogma , pure and simple . I suspect that Jesus himself would have been startled to think that , many centuries after his death , more than 2 billion people would celebrate his coming into the world , find his message of a gradually realizing kingdom an inspiring challenge , worthy of serious pursuit , devotion and emulation . Jesus was a real person who lived in time , and his life has huge mythical resonance with the power to change hearts and minds . I believe that firmly . At this stage of my life -- a senior citizen , as they say politely -- I 'm also quite happy to believe in miracles , assuming that the membrane between life and death is paper thin . All Christian thinking is , however , about resurrection . It 's about moving beyond our small selves , shifting away from our ego-drenched understanding of reality . The way of Jesus involves engagement with his  often difficult  teachings as well as looking for those unspeakably beautiful moments in time when , for just a few seconds perhaps , we apprehend the timeless moment in time . Life mostly offers , as T.S. Eliot suggests in "  Little Gidding , " "  only hints and guesses , / Hints followed by guesses . " The rest is "  prayer , observance , discipline , thought and action . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay Parini .	Jay Parini : There are as many visions of Jesus , and versions , as there are Christians Parini : As a child , I wondered why only two of the gospels mention Christmas He says he believes firmly that Jesus was a real person , complex and inspiring Parini : Jesus 's life has mythical resonance with the power to change hearts and minds
CNN  -- Inter Milan took a stranglehold on the Serie A title with a 3-0 win over Cagliari on Sunday which saw them open a 10-point lead over city rivals AC Mlan , who could only manage a goalless draw at Bologna . Roma 's later 1-0 win at Fiorentina , with Mirko Vucinic scoring the only goal , saw them move into second place above Milan , eight points adrift of Inter but having played a game more . Milan 's draw continue their disappointing form which began with a defeat in the derby match against reigning champions Inter two weeks ago . Since then they have drawn their next two matches , with Inter taking full advantage , although they are facing a renewed challenge from Roma , who have gone 12 games without defeat . Goals from Goran Pandev , Walter Samuel and Diego Milito earned Jose Mourinho 's Inter side a comfortable victory in the San Siro , taking the lead after just six minutes . Samuel Eto'o , playing his first game since returning from Africa Cup of Nations with Cameroon , set up Pandev to score at the near post . The second came after 20 minutes as central defender Samuel headed home a Maicon corner . Cagliari had a goal chalked off for offside which TV replays showed should have stood and Julio Cesar pulled off a brilliant save to deny fellow Brazilian Nene . There hopes of a revival were ended in the early stages of the second half as a neet move involving Eto'o and the excellent Pandev saw Milito score the third . Milan had the better chances at Bologna and Ronaldinho hit the crossbar with a spectacular effort in the second half . Late on , captain Mansion Ambrosia also saw an effort rebound off the woodwork . In other action , Antonio Di Natale scored a hat-trick for Udinese in a 3-1 home win win over Champions League aspirants Napoli . At the other end of the table , rock-bottom Siena lost 2-1 to Sampdoria , who are also chasing a European place , while troubled Lazio slipped into the relegation zone after a 1-0 defeat at home to Catania . In the German Bundesliga , Eintracht Frankfurt jumped to seventh with a fine 3-2 away win over Borussia Dortmund . Benjamin Kohler gave visitors Frankfurt the lead in the eighth minute before Mats Hummels equalized nine minutes later . Lucas Barrios made it 2-1 for Dortmund in the 57th minute , but goals from Sebastian Jung and Alexander Meier saw Frankfurt to three valuable points . Mainz kept their unbeaten home run intact as Bo Svensson 's goal near half time saw them beat Borussia Monchengladbach . In Sunday 's action in Spain 's La Liga , nine-man Sevilla crashed to a 2-1 defeat at Real Zaragoza to slip out of the top four . Sevilla striker Alvaro Negredo scored an own goal to give Zaragoza a winning lead and was then sent off for violent conduct . Real Mallorca leapfrog them into fourth as they scored a 10th home victory in a row to beat Villarreal 1-0 .	Inter Milan go eight points clear in Serie A with a 3-0 home win in the San Siro over Cagliari Arch-rivals AC Milan can only draw 0-0 at Bologna to see their title hopes fade Roma win 1-0 at Fiorentina to climb above Milan into second place Sevilla slip out of top four in Spain with 2-1 defeat to Real Zaragoza
CNN  -- Here comes the Moto X . If you have n't heard about it already , you will . It 's the first smartphone produced by Motorola Mobility under the company 's new Google overlords . It claims to be the first smartphone made in the United States . And it comes buoyed by a wave of hype , a fat marketing budget , and no shortage of new leaks threatening to out the device before its official debut as early as next month . Tech bloggers even took note last week when a leaked photo showed Google Chairman Eric Schmidt chatting on what appeared to be a white Moto X. Taken together , the leaks depict a phone that 's less about the hardware specifications and more about clever uses of sensors , customized features and hands-free voice commands . A new marketing video from Canadian carrier Rogers was leaked to the Internet last week -- it 's since been taken down by YouTube -- and showed some of the phone 's unique features . You can activate the voice controls by saying "  OK Google " out loud , then ask for directions or give it other commands . It 's similar to Apple 's Siri voice-assistant feature or Google 's existing Google voice commands , except that you do n't need to press a button to activate it . Active updates will push notifications to the phone based on your needs , location or time . Dennis Woodside , CEO of Motorola Mobility , said recently that sensors in the phone will anticipate users ' needs -- for example , letting it know when it 's being pulled out of someone 's pocket . Finally , a twist of the wrist will trigger the Moto X 's camera -- another feature for people who hate applying pressure to buttons in order to turn things on . ABC News has reported that customers will be able to customize their Moto X phone in advance by choosing colors for the back and trim , adding engraving and uploading a photo so that the wallpaper is already personalized when the device arrives . Great features , or just gimmicks ? So will all these bells and whistles be enough to set the Moto X apart from other smartphones ? So far , analysts are n't convinced . "  I do n't really think that there 's anything I 've seen so far that will really get the consumer crazy , " said Carolina Milanesi , an analyst at Gartner . "  A lot of the things you see are more gimmicks . " The leaked features are n't entirely new , either . The active updates seem like an expansion of the Google Now predictive search tool . Currently available on Android and iOS , it combines location and time information with data pulled from your search history , Gmail account , and calendar to show information that 's relevant right then and there . For example , your boarding pass will be displayed when you 're at the airport . As for hands-free voice controls , Google previewed this feature at its Google I/O developer conference in May , comparing it to the voice-activated computer on Star Trek . To become must-have tools for consumers , these features must work extremely well lest they become more of an annoyance . If users like them , hands-free voice commands , active alerts and the camera shortcut could theoretically be rolled out in future updates to the Android mobile operating system . Then they would work on other phones that also have the right sensors , stealing the Moto X 's thunder . Smartphones are constantly one-upping each other with incremental improvements -- higher-resolution screens , faster processors , pretty colors -- but experts say real innovation is stagnating . One of the few radically different features to hit the market of late is the 41-megapixel camera inside Nokia 's Lumia 1020 smartphone . Smartphone consumers are still waiting for hardware improvements such as significantly longer battery life  not just "  it can last all day ! "  , wireless charging or durable , droppable bodies . Moto marketing If these new features are n't enough to make consumers flock to the Moto X , the pricy marketing blitz Google has planned might do the trick . According to the Wall Street Journal , Google will launch a $ 500 million international marketing campaign for the device . The company will likely emphasize that the Moto X will be assembled at a new smartphone manufacturing plant in Texas . Motorola 's news followed similar announcements by Chinese computer maker Lenovo , which is building a manufacturing plant in North Carolina , and Apple , which has said it will begin manufacturing a Mac computer in the U.S. this year . "  It seems to be a trend but at the end of the day , consumers do n't care as much  about where a phone is made  , " said Milanesi . "  What 's going to be more important is the price and what the product is going to do . " Google completed its purchase of the Chicago-based Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion in 2012 . The deal was done primarily to flesh out Google 's patent portfolio with Motorola 's 17,000 patents . But there was always the exciting potential for a smartphone partnership between the two tech giants . Google makes the Android mobile operating system , Motorola Mobility makes handsets . In the flip-phone days of the early - to mid-2000s , Motorola was a leading phone maker with such models as its popular Razr . Google released its flagship Nexus 4 smartphone earlier this year , which is manufactured by South Korean company LG . It 's possible that Motorola could take over the manufacturing of the Nexus devices in the future . The Motorola name had a lot of cachet a decade or two ago , but it 's not clear whether that 's enough to inspire brand loyalty from today 's users . Many consumers may have forgotten about them . Either way , we 'll find out soon .	A recently leaked video shows some of the Moto X 's big features The phone appears to have hands-free , voice-activated search and smart push-notifications This is the first smartphone created entirely with Motorola 's new owner , Google Motorola will need to wow consumers to get back in the game
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The wave of anti-Japanese protests currently sweeping across China has its roots in history but more recently can be traced back to April , when the firebrand governor of Tokyo announced plans to buy a group of islands claimed by Japan , China and Taiwan . He did so without the apparent knowledge or approval of the Japanese government . Spying an opportunity to assert Japanese control over the Senkaku islands , or Diaoyu as they 're known in China , Governor Shintaro Ishihara launched an online appeal fund to buy them from their private owners . Donations poured in , prompting a sharp rebuke from China and forcing the Japanese government to wade into the dispute with its own offer for the contested land . Who is Shintaro Ishihara ? Ishihara has a long history of making inflammatory comments about China , so much so that in 1999 , when he was appointed Tokyo governor , Japan 's then chief cabinet secretary , Hiromu Nonaka , sought to reassure China that relations would remain "  friendly . " Before taking office , Ishihara was a well-known author whose name became famous in his early twenties after writing "  A Season of the Sun , " which won Japan 's most prestigious literary prize . He 's an outspoken nationalist who in the past has cast doubt on historians ' account of the 1937 Rape of Nanking , in which hundreds of thousands of Chinese were killed by Japanese troops . After launching the fund , Ishihara likened China 's claim to the islands as like "  a burglar in Japan 's house . " What was China 's reaction ? Back in June , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Weimin dismissed Ishihara 's attempt to buy the islands as "  irresponsible , " and repeated China 's ownership claim . "  The Diaoyu Islands are China 's territory since ancient times , " he said . "  The willful talk and action of some Japanese politicians is irresponsible and tarnish and smears Japan 's reputation . " When did the Japanese government step in ? Faced with the prospect of the islands falling under the jurisdiction of the Tokyo metropolitan government , the Japanese government stepped in with its own bid for the disputed islands . On September 11 , Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura confirmed that the government had approved the islands ' purchase from private owners for 2.05 billion yen  US$ 26.2 million  . In an interview with CNN , Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda claimed there was no territorial dispute within China and the only question of ownership emanated from within Japan . "  The Senkaku Islands are an inherent part of Japanese territory , historically as well as under international law , so there 's no territorial claim issue between the two countries , " he said . "  Right now , it is the ownership issue -- whether the individual owns these islands , or the Tokyo metropolitan government or the state . And I think we have to clearly and solidly explain these stances to the Chinese side . " China responded by dispatching six patrol ships to the surrounding waters , ignoring a warning from the Japanese coastguard not to approach . They entered the disputed waters for a short time before leaving , Japan 's coast guard reported . At a press conference , Ishihara said of the Chinese patrols : "  We 'd better shoo off those who walked into someone 's home in dirty shoes , we should shoo them away . " "  I think China has gone crazy . We ca n't put up with their attitude like Mine is mine , but yours is mine too , " he added , in quotes that appeared on the Tokyo Metropolitan government website . Citing a government statement , state-run news agency Xinhua said the patrols were "  aimed to demonstrate China 's jurisdiction over the Diaoyu Islands , " while the Japanese prime minister said the government would "  take all possible measures to ensure security " around the islands . How a war of words turned into protests While the verbal sparring between the Chinese and Japanese governments has played out in a series of statements , protesters from both sides have been taking direct action to assert their countries ' control over the islands . In late August , Japan deported 14 Chinese protesters who were arrested after five swam ashore the Diaoyu/Senkaku islands and waved the flags of China and Taiwan . Nine others aboard the waiting vessel were also detained . Days later after the Chinese landing , Japanese activists also made the journey to the remote islets to raise the Japanese flag , prompting China to lodge "  solemn representations to the Japanese ambassador , " according to Xinhua . The Japanese landing sparked protests by thousands of people in a number of Chinese cities , including Guangzhou , Shenzhen , Shenyang , Hangzhou , Harbin and Qingdao , according to Xinhua . That was on August 19 , almost one month before violent anti-Japanese protests erupted across dozens of Chinese cities , forcing the temporary closure of operations at three plants belonging to Japanese electronics company Panasonic . Background to the dispute China says its claim extends back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . Analysts say China 's policy on the islands has been maintaining the status quo . According to Xinhua , "  both sides agreed in 1978 to put the issue aside and solve it in the future , using a guideline described as ` laying aside disputes and engaging in joint exploitation ' to solve territorial issues with neighboring countries . " "  China 's proposal is that we should maintain status quo , neither side should take action to escalate the differences . Regrettably the Japanese government has disrespected the Chinese proposal , " said Shen Dingli , the Executive Dean of the Institute of International Studies at Fudan University in Shanghai , in an interview with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . Why are the islands considered valuable ? Aside from a strong sense of nationalism , a 1969 United Nations report provided added incentive for countries to claim ownership of the islands . The report , by the U.N. Economic Commission for Asia and the Far East  ECAFE  , indicated the possibility of large oil reserves in the vicinity , according to Globalsecurity.org . The islands are close to strategically important shipping lanes and their legal owners would also have the right to fish surrounding waters . What happens now ? The Chinese government has been calling for restraint and "  rational patriotism " when it comes to public protests . The United States has also weighed in on the issue with U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta urging "  calm and restraint on all sides . " As Panetta spoke , Noda was telling senior government officials to stay on their guard in dealing with mass anti-Japanese protests , according to Japanese news agency Kyodo . Meanwhile , the prospect of economic sanctions has been raised in a strongly worded opinion piece in the state-controlled China Daily newspaper . Jin Baisong wrote that World Trade Organization rules could be used to limit export of "  important materials " to Japan . "  The global financial crisis increased Japan 's reliance on China for its economic well-being . So it 's clear that China can deal a heavy blow to the Japanese economy without hurting itself too much by resorting to sanctions , " said Jin , deputy director of the department of Chinese trade studies at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation , which is affiliated to the Ministry of Commerce .	Latest dispute sparked by Governor of Tokyo 's attempts to raise public funds for purchase Japanese government stepped in with its own offer to effectively "  nationalize " the islands The move sparked anti-Japanese protests across dozens of Chinese cities China calls for "  rational patriotism , " Japan 's PM briefs senior government officials
CNN  It 's time for leaders in Israel and the United States to call off their war of insults before they cause serious , lasting damage . Heading into Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's address on Tuesday to a joint session of Congress , both sides should immediately agree to a cease fire . The speech itself is a terrible mistake . Arranging it without prior consultation with the White House was not only an affront to Barack Obama but to the Presidency itself . One would have thought that after all the uproar , Netanyahu would have caught a "  cold " and postponed , but now that he plans to go ahead , he should at least give a measured , thoughtful address -- not the barn burner for which he is known . But let 's be clear : he also deserves a respectful hearing in Congress from both sides of the aisle . Blame for the deterioration in relations is shared here in America as well as in Israel . This conflict began on a personal level . Those close to Obama and Netanyahu say the two men took an instant dislike years ago and have since descended into loathing one another . Obama , they say , regards Netanyahu as headstrong , bombastic and reckless . Netanyahu sees Obama as weak , unreliable and priggish . The Obama team also accuses Netanyahu of timing his Congressional speech to rally Israeli voters behind him in elections two weeks away -- Bibi as Churchill standing up to the Nazis -- while Netanyahu 's team is convinced Obama is desperate for a deal to burnish his legacy -- the Nobel laureate who brought peace . Each thinks the other endangers the future of the world and each has allowed his top lieutenants to viciously attack the other in the press . But in recent months what began as personal antipathy has deepened and widened into a serious split over the best way to head off Iran 's aggressive push to become a nuclear power . The Iranian threat has long been vexing ; former Defense Secretary Bob Gates once told me it was the toughest problem he saw in nearly a half century serving of distinguished service in national security . There are no obvious solutions acceptable to key parties . The Obama administration believes that a compromise agreement with Iran limiting -- but not dismantling -- its nuclear capability is better than to have current talks fall apart , risking an armed showdown . The Netanyahu government believes the agreement which Obama appears ready to accept will let Iran eventually wriggle free and build a bomb . In truth , there is merit to both points of view -- and the devil here is not only in the details but in the very structure of an agreement . As Obama believes , a negotiated settlement is far preferable to a possible war or learning to live with a nuclear Iran . But what is alarming not only to Israel but to other American friends in the region -- and rightly so -- is that the U.S. and its partners in the negotiation with Iran  Russia , China , the UK , France , Germany  have made repeated concessions to get an Iranian signature without getting major concessions in return . Consider : The U.S. and Israel started down the negotiating path saying publicly that Iran must totally dismantle its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of punishing economic sanctions against Teheran . Leaks since then have shown that in pursuit of a deal , the U.S. is now willing to accept more and more centrifuges in Iran -- 6,500 by latest count . Washington and Tel Aviv once talked of an agreement that would last at least 20 years . According to the latest leaks , the agreement may only cover 10 years and then give the Iranians a chance to bust loose . This is only the beginning of a long litany of differences . In defense of U.S. compromises , Secretary of State John Kerry makes a persuasive point that a temporary agreement reached 18 months ago containing compromises has worked far better than critics have conceded and therefore , those now at the table deserve a benefit of doubt . But administration critics are also right in arguing that the Obama administration seems to be betting that if just given a few years grace , an odious regime which sponsors terrorism across the Middle East will suddenly change spots and become a partner for peace . In times past , American and Israeli leaders have sometimes had bad blood and still made substantive progress . President Jimmy Carter could barely stand Israeli leader Menachem Begin but they and Egyptian President Anwar Sadat shaped the Camp David accords in 1978 . Despite sometimes bitter words during Israel 's recent dust-up with Hamas -- especially directed by Israel against Secretary Kerry -- Obama ensured that Israel was well supplied militarily , particularly with the Iron Dome missile defense system that saved countless Israeli lives . But today 's rift seems far more perilous . It is not only personal but substantive and comes at a moment of spreading turmoil across the Middle East . Israel should remember that America is its best friend in a world where anti-Semitism is once again raising its hideous head . The United States should appreciate that for Israel , a nuclear Iran could pose instant annihilation . America also has Arab friends in the Middle East who have vital interests here -- friends like Saudi Arabia who , if an agreement is weak , will feel compelled to pursue their own bomb , unleashing a lethal arms race . This is a moment that demands that leaders in both Israel and the United States lower their voices , take their differences indoors and begin restoring broken bonds of trust . In private talks , they should work hard finding ways to bridge differences between them , starting with creative proposals coming recently from veteran U.S. diplomats . Dennis Ross , for example , argues that if the U.S. could greatly strengthen an inspections regime -- a much bigger team who could go anywhere , any time in Iran -- and could enshrine in legislation that Iranian violations will bring military action , that would go a long way toward allaying opposition fears . Martin Indyk proposes that , drawing upon ideas embraced by President Clinton in Middle East negotiations 15 years ago , the U.S. could enter a formal treaty with Israel , voted upon by Congress , that would provide a U.S. "  nuclear guarantee " to Israel in event of an Iranian breakout . In short , the moment is dire but not hopeless . What is clearly needed is a cease fire . Secretary Kerry seemed to be pointing in that direction Sunday when he said Netanyahu is welcome to speak in the U.S. on Tuesday . Others should now take up the cause , recognizing that our real adversaries are not in Tel Aviv or Washington but among those in Teheran who support terror and mayhem across the Middle East .	David Gergen : Netanyahu 's speech is a terrible mistake of his making but he deserves a hearing The rift in US-Israel relations over Iran is serious , needs repair , Gergen says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The election of 736 members from 27 member countries to the European Parliament in June will be the biggest transnational electoral contest there has ever been . Between them they will represent more than 500,000,000 people . About 375 million EU citizens aged 18 or over are entitled to vote . But few understand how the low-profile Parliament affects the lives of EU citizens . Here are answers to the most frequently asked questions about the contest . Who will be voting , when and where ? About 375 million EU citizens aged 18 or over are entitled to vote in the election of the parliament members for a five-year term . The elections will be held on Thursday , June 4 in the UK and the Netherlands . There will be voting on Friday , June 5 in Ireland and the Czech Republic . And it will begin on Saturday , June 6 in Cyprus , France , Italy , Latvia , Malta and Slovakia . The other countries will conduct their voting on Sunday , June 7 . Elections will take place in all 27 member countries of the EU , with the citizens of Bulgaria and Romania included for the first time . How many MEPs are there and how many does each country elect ? There will be 736 Members of the European Parliament  MEPs  in the new assembly . The number each country has varies according to its population . Germany , with a population of 82 million , the biggest among EU states , will have 99 members . Malta , with a total population of just 410,000 , will have only 5 . Will that number stay the same if the Lisbon Treaty comes into effect ? No . The Lisbon Treaty , designed to give the EU a new streamlined constitution for the EU  and to increase the powers of the European Parliament ,  has been put on ice following its rejection in a referendum in Ireland , the only country to give electors a direct voice . But the Irish are due to vote again in the autumn . If they then vote Yes and all remaining EU states ratify the treaty , then the Parliament will be increased from 736 to 751 members on a different distribution formula . That means that 15 ` ghost MEPs ' , will be elected on June 7 , entitled to attend the Parliament but not to vote in it until the Lisbon Treaty goes through . What election system is used ? That varies according to the individual states represented , but all will be using some variant of proportional representation . In some countries candidates will all be on a single national list , making the entire country a constituency . Others elect MEPs from regional constituencies . Many countries set a threshold , insisting that parties have to gain an overall proportion of the vote -- 5 per cent in France and Germany , 4 per cent in Sweden or Austria -- to qualify for any allocation of seats . Whom do the MEPs represent ? Most would-be MEPs contest the elections with the endorsement of national political parties . National parties such as the Christian Democrats in Germany or the Labour Party in Britain put up approved lists of candidates . But when they are in the European Parliament the MEPs mostly operate in wider groups of left or right such as the Socialist Group  PES  , the Liberal Group  ELDR  or the European Greens . The main conservative grouping is the European Peoples Party  EPP  . However , David Cameron , the national leader of Britain 's Conservatives , has withdrawn his members from the EPP , regarding it as too federalist in its approach . The groups work as a bloc when they can and have "  whips " designed to make them as cohesive as possible . What powers do the MEPs have ? Much legislation in member states actually originates at a European level . National legislatures pass laws which have begun life as directives from the European Commission , the EU executive arm , which the MEPs have helped to shape . They are the only elected part of the European apparatus which is otherwise dominated by European Councils  meetings of the prime ministers or finance or trade or interior ministers from the 27 nations  or the European Commission . Do MEPs really make much difference to ordinary people 's lives ? It may not feel like it , day to day , but MEPs often have more influence over the shaping of European legislation which filters down to national parliaments than the members of those national parliaments do when the laws get to them . Recent EU laws which have affected citizens directly include the "  roaming directive " which restricted the charges mobile phone companies can impose on customers for calls in countries other than their own . EU directives have helped initiate the era of cut-price air travel . It was the EU which determined that telephone and data companies had to keep records for at least two years to help counter terrorism . And the so-called "  REACH " directive has forced businesses to disclose what chemicals they use in their products and to ensure that they are safe . Because driving legislation through the European Parliament requires the building of cross-party coalitions more than 50 percent of amendments proposed in the European Parliament end up as law . That is why company lobbyists spent much time in Brussels trying to make their case to MEPs . But does the Parliament have any muscle ? It has the rather drastic power to sack the European Commission . It also holds public hearings on newly-appointed Commissioners . The Parliament also has significant powers over how much of the European Union budget is spent . Although most legislation originates with the Commission , if more than 50 percent of MEPs back a resolution calling for new laws in a particular area the the Commission has to get down to work to propose some . The EU is one of the largest aid donors in the world , dispensing some $ 15 billion a year across five continents and MEPs have a significant say in that . Where is the European Parliament situated ? Most of its meetings are held in Brussels close to the officials whose draft legislation is examined by the Parliament 's subject committees . But , at a considerable cost , some plenary meetings are also held in Strasbourg , an arrangement which the French government has fought long and hard to maintain .	Election will be the biggest transnational electoral contest ever About 375 million EU citizens aged 18 or over are entitled to vote Elections will take place in all 27 member countries of the EU Much legislation in member states actually originates at a European level
CNN  -- The United States launched a series of airstrikes Wednesday against ISIS forces in Iraq , the same day President Barack Obama vowed to act against the militant group following its beheading of an American journalist and its threat to kill another . "  The United States of America will continue to do what we must do to protect our people . We will be vigilant and we will be relentless , " the President said in televised remarks . Obama vowed justice for James Foley , calling his killing by ISIS , which refers to itself as the Islamic State , an act of violence that "  shocked the conscience of the entire world . " The President 's statement followed Tuesday 's release by ISIS of a video that showed Foley 's killing and carried a stark warning that a second American , believed to be journalist Steven Sotloff , would be killed , if the United States did not end its military operations in Iraq . Whether Sotloff lives or dies , the executioner said on the video , depends on what Obama does next . ISIS is believed to be holding a number of Americans , including Sotloff , a U.S. official told CNN . The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , declined to say exactly how many Americans were being held or to identify them . Also Wednesday , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said in a written statement that the United States attempted a rescue operation earlier this summer to free a number of American hostages held in Syria by ISIS . "  Unfortunately , the mission was not successful because the hostages were not present at the targeted location , " he said . Another U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN that the mission was to rescue Foley and others being held at an undisclosed location . If ISIS , also known as ISIL , hoped the execution video and threat would ease U.S. military involvement in Iraq , it failed . Calling ISIS a "  cancer , " Obama said across the Middle East there has to be a common effort to put an end to the group . "  Friends and allies around the world , we share a common set of values that are rooted in the opposite of what we saw yesterday , " he said . "  And we will continue to confront this hateful terrorism and replace it with a sense of hope and civility . " As the President spoke , the Pentagon confirmed the United States carried out 14 airstrikes against mobile ISIS targets in the vicinity of the Mosul Dam , which Kurdish forces recaptured from the terror group with the support of American airpower . Humanitarian operation underway Obama ordered targeted airstrikes in Iraq this month to protect U.S. personnel and facilities , as well as minorities being brutalized by ISIS . The campaign by ISIS in Iraq began in June when the group swept in from Syria , seizing Iraq 's second-largest city of Mosul . ISIS militants , who are Sunni Muslim extremists , have carried out brutal attacks on towns and villages as they 've advanced across Iraq , targeting Iraq 's Christians , minority sects such as the Yazidis , centered in the northern Sinjar area , and Shia Muslims . The UNHCR estimates that 1.2 million Iraqis have been forced from their homes so far this year , including more than one hal million in the western Anbar province and a similar number in northern Iraq . A plane carrying the first load of humanitarian aid as part of a multiday operation to help hundreds of thousands of displaced people in northern Iraq has landed in Irbil , the U.N. refugee agency said . "  It 's the largest single aid push we have mounted in more than a decade , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , Antonio Guterres , said . The first Boeing 747 to land carried 100 tons of aid , he said . Three more flights will follow from Jordan into Irbil , the Kurdish regional capital , with the last on Saturday . The airlift will be bolstered by deliveries made by road and sea over the next 10 days , with 175 trucks ferrying cargo from warehouses in Turkey , Jordan and Iran . The shipments include thousands of tents , plastic sheets , kitchen sets and jerrycans , destined for families who fled with little more than the clothes on their back . What to know about ISIS More US troops to Iraq ? As the massive aid operation swings into gear , fierce fighting continues between the militants and Kurdish forces for control of northern Iraq . On Tuesday , U.S. airstrikes helped Kurdish and Iraqi forces take control of the key Mosul Dam , fighting back the militants who had seized it . The stakes were huge for the millions of Iraqis who live downstream from the dam , the largest in the country , amid fears that if it were breached floods would have threatened lives in Mosul and downriver in Baghdad . Now that the dam is cleared of ISIS militants , Iraqi forces are moving to grow their area of control , the Defense Department said . The Pentagon is considering a State Department request for more U.S. troops to protect U.S. government personnel in the Baghdad area , a U.S. official confirmed to CNN . If approved , the troops would number less than 300 , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . "  There is a request by the State Department for additional security personnel in and around Baghdad , " the official said . The official would not say where the troops would go , but there are two publicly known locations for American personnel working in Baghdad -- the U.S. Embassy and Baghdad International Airport . The official insisted that there was no specific threat that led to this request , which Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel would have to approve . The troops would be in addition to the hundreds of American military advisers already in the country advising Iraqi troops in their fight against ISIS . James Foley remembered as ` brave and tireless ' journalist Heroic ' mission rescues desperate Yazidis from ISIS CNN 's Barbara Starr , Jennifer Deaton and Richard Roth contributed to this report	NEW : United States attempted a rescue in Syria , Pentagon spokesman says More Americans , including Steven Sotloff , held by ISIS , official says "  The United States will do what we must , " President Obama says Airstrikes resume near Mosul Dam , a day after video of U.S. journalist
CNN  -- A new battle has erupted on the global stage over the future of free speech . Its epicenter moved to the U.N. General Assembly , where world leaders expounded on the great issues of the day . The annual U.N. gathering came just days after a chain reaction of ferocious protests in Muslim countries against a video on YouTube insulting Islam . Reaction to the video led to the deaths , at last count , of more than 50 people , including the U.S. ambassador to Libya , Christopher Stevens . So , the hateful video and the mass violence became an inescapable topic at the United Nations . And yet there was intense disagreement about what exactly was troubling about the events of the last few weeks and what action they demand . In the view of some Arab and Muslim leaders , the time has come to draft new international rules limiting free expression for the sake of preventing insults to religions . The head of the Arab League , Nabil Elaraby , called for "  criminaliz  ing  acts that insult or cause offense to religions . " This move to impose anti-blasphemy laws should come as a call to action for democracy advocates everywhere : Freedom of speech , a most fundamental of human rights , a cornerstone of democracy , has come under international attack . Certainly , non-Muslims living in some of those countries have had nightmarish experiences with them as the bans are used to target minorities and government critics . Among political leaders , however , the idea appears popular . The anti-Islam video itself has apparently caused more anguish than the ensuing killings . Or at least it has seemed politically expedient to create that impression . Afghan President Hamid Karzai , for example , declared , "  The world is shaken by the depravity of fanatics who have committed acts of insult against the faith of over 1.5 billion Muslims . We strongly condemn these offensive acts , whether it involves the production of a film , the publication of cartoons , or indeed any other acts of insult and provocation . Such acts can never be justified as freedom of speech or expression . " The emir of Qatar , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani , noted he "  firmly " believes in free expression , explaining , "  freedom should not cross reasonable limits and become a tool to hurt and insult the dignity of others and of religions and faiths and sacred beliefs as we have seen lately , which regrettably led to the killing of innocent people who have not committed any crime . " He thus blamed the film , rather than those who committed the killings . During a time such as this -- when new democracies are taking shape in the Middle East , and people everywhere are giving serious thought to what kind of system , what kind of laws and what kind of societies they want to live in -- the debate could hardly matter more . That 's why it was heartening to hear President Barack Obama mount a spirited defense of free expression . Obama staked out a position that is generally accepted in Western democracies , and enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . "  I accept that people are going to call me awful things every day , " he said , "  and I will always defend their right to do so . " He added , "  Americans have fought and died around the globe to protect the right of all people to express their views -- even views that we profoundly disagree with . " And he made the fundamental argument that "  the strongest weapon against hateful speech is not repression , it is more speech . " The U.S. president 's professorial defense of the admittedly complex case for allowing people to say offensive things came as a refreshing change from America 's international campaign of contrition for the offending video , which seems less than consistent with its belief in free speech . It is appropriate for American leaders to explain they found the anti-Islam film reprehensible . But additional steps , including the spending of $ 70,000 in U.S. taxpayers ' money for an ad campaign in Pakistan rejecting the video , is a step too far , especially considering that the riots that followed were to a large degree a result of political manipulation . Washington 's campaign blurred the basic point and confused America 's position . More than anyone , that hurts the efforts of the brave advocates for human rights in Arab and Muslim countries , who have been badly outnumbered and outmaneuvered in the aftermath of the Arab uprisings . Obama 's U.N. speech should mark the start of a push for more , not less free speech throughout the world . And every effort to limit it under the guise of defending the feelings of followers of any religion must be met with the strongest possible resistance . It is not coincidental that many of the same countries where large demonstrations erupted in recent weeks are places where religious freedoms do not exist , where Christians have come under attack and Jews are insulted and threatened routinely and without consequence . Muslim states have tried before to push a "  Defamation of Religion " resolution at the United Nations , just as religious and political leaders , seeking to bolster their popularity , issued fatwas calling for the religiously sanctioned assassination of artists whose work they deemed offensive . Just as the fury over the anti-Islam film raged , the bounty for killing Salman Rushdie , the Indian-born British writer , was boosted to more than $ 3 million . Rushdie was sentenced to death by Iran 's Ayatollah Khomeini in 1989 because the imam deemed one of Rushdie 's novels , which surely the ayatollah never read , offensive enough to merit death to the writer . Blasphemy laws exist in a number of countries . One can argue it 's their right to enact the laws they see fit -- even though they violate international agreements . But they most decidedly should not be allowed to alter international agreements establishing the right of free expression for all human beings . If Muslims are offended by distorted perceptions of their religion , by all means they should fight back . They should launch a campaign to educate the world about Islam . I believe their campaign would prove greatly successful . The right response to stupidity , prejudice and hatred is shining a light on the truth . That has a way of highlighting the stupidity of the bigots . It may not end all dumb and offensive films , but it will ensure that the people who espouse offensive ideas remain a despised , marginalized and powerless minority . In this new battle on the global stage over the future of free expression , the bigots will only lose if free speech wins . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : A recent anti-Islam video became an inescapable topic at the United Nations Ghitis : Some leaders say we should limit free speech to prevent insults to religions She says calls for anti-blasphemy laws should alarm democracy advocates Ghitis : President Barack Obama is right to defend free speech and U.S. should push for it
CNN  -- Arsenal came back from two goals down to claim a 4-2 victory over Bolton at the Emirates Stadium which saw them climb to the top of the English Premier League . Bolton , who had been beaten 2-0 by the Gunners on Sunday , raced into an early lead through Gary Cahill who finished well from close range to direct his shot past Arsenal goalkeeper Manuel Almunia in the seventh minute . Owen Coyle 's side then doubled their advantage from the penalty spot through Matthew Taylor after Arsenal midfielder Denilson had fouled Lee Chung-yong inside the area . But Arsene Wenger 's young side kept their composure and pulled a goal back before halftime through Tomas Rosicky who lashed an angled shot past Bolton goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen . Arsenal grabbed a controversial equalizer in the 52nd minute when Cesc Fabregas latched on to Andrey Arshavin 's pass to slip the ball through Jaaskelainen 's legs but there had appeared to be an earlier foul when William Gallas appeared to catch Mark Davies on the ankle . The turnaround was complete when Thomas Vermaelen fired home Arsenal 's third after Abou Diaby had knocked down a corner into the path of the Belgian defender . Arsenal scored their fourth -- and the goal required to send them top of the table -- in the 85th minute when Eduardo slipped in Arshavin and the Russian made no mistake to fire the ball past Jaaskelainen . Wenger 's side are level on points with Chelsea on 48 points , and are level with a goal difference of 34 , but the Gunners go top having scored more goals than their London rivals . Elsewhere , Liverpool produced a defiant performance to help ease the pressure on Rafael Benitez with a 2-0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur at Anfield thanks to a brace from Dirk Kuyt . The Holland international gave Liverpool the lead in the sixth minute with a low shot from the edge of the area which flew past Heurelho Gomes ' right-hand after he had been set up by Italian playmaker Alberto Aquilani . Liverpool , who were without the injured Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres , showed their defensive discipline to keep out Spurs and should have been out of sight by the time they were awarded an injury-time penalty after David Ngog was brought down by Sebastien Bassong . Kuyt scored the first effort only to be ordered to re-take by referee Howard Webb , but the Dutchman held his nerve to send Gomes the wrong way and keep Liverpool in the race for the fourth Champions League place . Meanwhile Aston Villa beat Blackburn Rovers 6-4 in a thrilling English League Cup semifinal second leg tie to go through 7-4 on aggregate and secure a Wembley final against either Manchester United or Manchester City . A Nikola Kalinic brace had Rovers ahead , but Stephen Warnock slotted in before Christopher Samba was sent off . James Milner converted the subsequent penalty and a Steven Ngonzi own-goal and Gabriel Agbonlahor and Emile Heskey 's strikes seemed to seal it . Volleys from Martin Olsson and Brett Emerton gave Rovers hope before Ashley Young curled home to wrap up the win for Martin O'Neill 's side .	Arsenal came back from two goals down to claim a 4-2 victory over Bolton at the Emirates Stadium which saw go top of the Premier League . Liverpool produced a defiant performance to help ease the pressure on Rafael Benitez with a 2-0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur . Aston Villa beat Blackburn Rovers 6-4 in a thrilling English League Cup semifinal second leg tie to go through 7-4 on aggregate .
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The 43-year-old woman sentenced to death by stoning in Iran denounced her lawyer and said in an interview broadcast Wednesday that she knew about the plot to kill her husband but thought it was a joke . Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani 's lawyer said his client made those comments to state-run television "  to save her life " and noted that the death sentence for murder charges related to her husband 's death was commuted . The mother of two faces a death sentence for adultery . Ashtiani 's attorney , Mohammad Mostafaei , told CNN last month that his client confessed to the crime after being subjected to 99 lashes . He said she later recanted the confession and denied any wrongdoing . In Wednesday 's interview , aired on the program "  20:30 , " Ashtiani blamed Mostafaei for publicizing her case and said she had never met him . "  I tell Mostafaei : How dare you use my name , lie in my name , say things about me that are not true , " she said in a statement that was voiced over by another woman . Ashtiani 's voice carries a thick Azeri accent that some Iranians may have difficulty understanding . She added she had not wanted her family to know she was in jail . Ashtiani acknowledged having known about the plot to kill her husband but said she had not taken it seriously at the time . "  The man entered my life and fooled me with his words and said let 's kill my husband , " she said . "  He fooled me and said I 'll do this for you , what a bad husband , I 'll take care of you . He was my husband 's cousin , and he said things about my husband . "  Then I realized , when I went to prison , he had a criminal record and that this was his third criminal record . And when he said we should kill my husband , I could n't even believe him or that my husband would die . I thought he was joking , that he had lost his mind . "  When my husband 's mother was at our house one day and I went to get her medicine , I saw him there with all the tools he had bought , including electrical tools , wires and gloves . Then he killed my husband by connecting him to electricity with the electrical wires . He had told me beforehand to send my kids to their grandmother 's house . " The prosecutor of East Azerbaijan Province , Malek Ajdar Sharifi , then says , "  The deceased was given an injection to fall asleep by his wife . Then the man arrived and put him into the bath and put two electrical lines on his body and killed the deceased . " The anchor then speculated that the Western news media , including CNN , have focused on the case to help secure the release of three American hikers seized by Iranian forces along the Iraqi border who have been in custody for more than a year . The three Americans -- Sarah Shourd , Shane Bauer , and Josh Fattal -- were detained after they allegedly strayed across an unmarked border while hiking in Iraq 's Kurdistan region . Ashtiani 's lawyer dismissed the program as a tool of the government . " ' 20:30 ' is a program that is controlled by the intelligence services in Iran , " Mostafaei told CNN in an interview in Oslo , Norway , where he has been granted asylum after fleeing Iran . He had gone into hiding July 24 , after enduring a lengthy interrogation at Iran 's notorious Evin prison , the same day rallies were being held worldwide to draw attention to the Ashtiani case . He then slipped out of the country when his wife and brother-in-law were arrested . They have both since been released . "  Even IRIB -LSB- Iranian state television -RSB- , they do n't have any control of this program , " Mostafaei said . "  And the point of having this program is the character assassination of people . In this program , many reports are not real . " Mostafaei noted that his client is in prison , where she is facing a death sentence . "  It 's natural that she will do whatever the authorities tell her to save her own life . They are putting a lot of pressure on her to be on television . Otherwise it would n't be so crucial to carry out such an act . The lawyer of a person who is facing the death penalty is the person who knows the most information about the case . He is the defending attorney . The lawyer can comment on the case , not the defendant . " He noted that Ashtiani 's death sentence for killing her husband had been commuted because the victim 's family forgave her . "  What is important is the sentence to stone this innocent woman to death " for adultery , he said . "  She should not be stoned to death . And this is what the international community is demanding as well . This is the main subject that the Iranian state TV broadcast and the judiciary system did not address . " He disputed the assertion that they had never met . "  I met her last year in Tabriz Prison , " he said . "  I am her legal counsel . And my goal as her attorney is to help her survive . " Another of Ashtiani 's lawyers , Hootan Kian , concurred . "  She was forced to say these things on television , 100 percent forced , " he told CNN from Tabriz . CNN 's Ivan Watson in Oslo and Mitra Mobasherat in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this story .	Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani : "  How dare you use my name , lie in my name " Lawyer says his client made those comments "  to save her life " Mohammad Mostafaei : "  My goal as her attorney is to help her survive "
Asked Thursday why President Barack Obama has a hard time in Louisiana -- where his approval rating hovers around 40 % -- Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu said a big reason has to do with his race . "  I 'll be very , very honest with you . The South has not always been the friendliest place for African-Americans , " Landrieu told NBC News ' Chuck Todd . "  It 's been a difficult time for the president to present himself in a very positive light as a leader . " The three-term senator , who 's fighting for her political survival in a tough contest this fall , said the South can also be hard for women "  to present themselves . " Louisiana cooks up spicy Senate race "  It 's more of a conservative place . So we 've had to work a little bit harder on that , but you know , the people trust me , I believe . Really they do , " she said . "  Trust me to do the right thing for the state . " The "  number one " reason for Obama 's unpopularity , she said , was the moratorium by the Obama administration on off-shore drilling following the BP oil spill in 2010 . "  Our state was furious about that , " said Landrieu , who 's the chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resource Committee . "  When you shut down the whole gulf of Mexico it puts a lot of people here at risk and out of business . " 7 times Democrats wished Barack Obama would go away Responding to her comments , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal furiously called her answer "  remarkably divisive . " "  That is a major insult by Senator Landrieu to the people of Louisiana and I flatly reject it , " he said Thursday on Twitter . "  Obama 's policies , which Mary supports , are unpopular here , and the other 49 states , because they are ill advised , liberal , and do n't work . " "  His administration has also proven to be incompetent . Trying to blame it on race is ridiculous , " he added . James Varney , an editorial writer at The Times-Picayune noted that Landrieu "  declined to explain how she has been elected three times as a senator by such a collection of unwashed knuckle draggers . "	Sen. Mary Landrieu argued the president has a hard time in the South because of his race The Louisiana Democrat also argued that the region is tough for women Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal called her comments "  remarkably divisive "
CNN  -- With the wind in her hair , the ice cold air on her cheeks and powder flying from her skis , Grete Eliassen took her sport to new extremes . The American hit the ramp hard , soaring 31 feet above the snow before returning to earth a world-record holder . That monumental leap in Utah three and a half years ago confirmed Eliassen 's status as a force in her emerging discipline . Less than a decade after turning her back on downhill ski racing , it was a moment for the freestyle star to savor . "  I was on the Norwegian national team but I quit ski racing because it was n't fun for me anymore , " she told CNN . ` "  I love powder , I love getting air . " As a teenager Eliassen had to choose between following her dream and pursuing her passion . Downhill racing and a shot at Olympic gold was a possibility , but she opted for a career in the discipline she loved -- freestyle skiing . "  I thought I would go to the Winter Olympics for ski racing , when I decided that was n't my passion I let my Olympic dream go , " said the 27-year-old , who was born in the U.S. but has a Norwegian father . With Russia 's first Winter Games drawing ever closer , the two-time X Games gold medal winner could get one last chance to fulfill her childhood dream . Slopestyle is a freestyle skiing discipline that sees competitors tackle a variety of obstacles , such as jumps and rails , as they descend a downhill course . Rather than being ranked by time , skiers are judged on the variety and difficulty of the tricks they perform as they traverse the obstacles . At Sochi 2014 , it will be part of the Olympics for the first time . "  I 've been watching the Olympics since I was a little girl , " said Eliassen , who is based in Salt Lake City -- which hosted the 2002 Winter Games . "  It 's my favorite show every four years , watching all the female athletes . "  I 've been following my heart the whole time having fun , now it 's back in my sights . It is crazy how dreams you think could never happen can happen . "  This is my only shot at the Olympics . I 'm getting older and I 've competed a lot in this sport , I know this will be my one and only shot . " Slopestyle is the latest event to make the transition from the modern , high-octane world of the X Games into the ancient , rarefied confines of the Olympic arena . While Eliassen is embracing this new chapter in the short history of her sport , she is also keen to pay tribute to slopestyle 's X Games roots . "  The X Games has always been our Olympics because in the past we never had the Olympics , " explained Eliassen . "  This year is definitely going to be different . We can look at snowboarding , where usually in an Olympic year it 's a little toned down at the X Games , some athletes do n't do it . "  For our sport it 's important to do it all , all of the contests which have been there since the beginning like the X Games . It 's the birthplace of our sport . " The inclusion of slopestyle in the Olympic program has brought Eliassen under the umbrella of the U.S. ski team , giving her access to coaches and facilities which were previously inaccessible . "  Before the Olympics my training consisted of going to the gym , building up my muscle to prevent injury , " she said . "  But now we 're part of the U.S. ski team I have a strength and conditioning coach , I have an air awareness coach for trampoline skills -- anything in the air and more gymnastic . "  There 's been so much more coverage of our sport . I 've done way more media interviews . I 'm just really excited to be a part of it . " The Olympics and the media circus which accompanies the Games has helped slopestyle 's profile hit new heights . Eliassen hopes the young sport can continue to go from strength to strength . "  I turned professional age 17 , I won the U.S. Open , shortly after that I won the X Games and I kept winning and winning , " she said . "  I 've been in the sport for over a decade now , which is incredible . I 've seen it grow from such a little thing ... I was the only girl in my terrain park , now I see girls in there every day , which is amazing . "  Now I get to see it grow into the Olympics , which is really cool . " The final U.S. selection competitions take place in December and January . If Eliassen is picked she will complete a journey which began when she was a child bouncing on a trampoline in her parents ' backyard . "  I had a little garden trampoline , " she said . "  I have a bigger trampoline now , you can jump really high , which is crazy . "  I 'm not sure how I learned all of these tricks on my garden trampoline , but I did . " Pushing the envelope has always been Eliassen 's style , culminating in her history-making leap in 2010 . "  When I did my world record jump , I jumped 31 feet , " she said . "  You do n't do that first . You start off with a small jump and you build up to a medium jump . It 's always progression . You start off small and you work your way up . "  Our sport is all about progression and making things look newer , the other sports are quite regimented . You never know what you 're going to see in our sport . " Come February , slopestyle fans could see Eliassen with a gold medal around her neck .	Grete Eliassen is a U.S. slopestyle skier aiming for Sochi 2014 Slopestyle is a freestyle skiing discipline which is making its Olympic debut Eliassen was on the Norwegian ski racing team as a teenager before turning to freestyle The 27-year-old is a two-time X Games gold medal winner
CNN  -- An overdose of a blood thinner may have contributed to the death of a Nebraska toddler , the Omaha hospital that treated her said Thursday . The Nebraska Medical Center is investigating the death Wednesday of 23-month-old Almariah Duque , said hospital spokesman Paul Baltes . The girl , who lived with her parents in Dallas , Texas , was born with a birth defect and in December had undergone a transplant at the hospital of her small intestine , pancreas and liver , Baltes said . The hospital has one of the nation 's largest intestinal rehabilitation and transplant programs , he said . The girl was readmitted in February after an infection and died at 5 p.m. Wednesday , the hospital said in a statement . "  It appears an overdose of the blood thinner heparin may have contributed , " said the statement , which called the death "  a deeply troubling and emotional incident " for hospital personnel . "  We all want to extend our deepest apologies to the Duque family for their tragic loss , " it added . Heparin is routinely used after a variety of medical procedures as an anticoagulant . "  The medical center strives to provide the highest level of care and will use this tragic event to continue to improve and find ways to prevent errors in the delivery of complex health care , " the statement said . The medical center is paying for funeral and travel expenses for the girl 's parents , Greg and Kenya Duque , who have no other children , Baltes said . "  We just want her voice to be heard and for this to never happen again to any child or adult , " said the parents in a statement released by the hospital . "  We believe this was an honest mistake but one that needs to be corrected . We love her , we did everything we could for her and we do n't want this to ever happen again . "	23-month-old Almariah Duque died Wednesday She had a transplant of her small intestine , pancreas and liver The hospital says an overdose of heparin may have contributed to her death Heparin is routinely used as an anticoagulant
CNN  -- In the many media stories about the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , much of the focus has rightly been on the thousands of foreign fighters ISIS has attracted , its brutal tactics and its robust social media presence . But an arguably even more important development has not received the attention it deserves : the group 's widening influence across the Muslim world , driven by the numerous terrorist and insurgent organizations that have recently sworn loyalty to it . In the past six months , ISIS has drawn into its fold some dozen groups from Algeria to Pakistan . Al Qaeda , in contrast , had been in existence for a decade before it recruited its first affiliate , Egypt 's Jihad Group , in 1998 . And , in its 2 1/2 - decade existence , al Qaeda has only manged to add some half dozen affiliates , one of which was al Qaeda in Iraq , the parent organization of ISIS that has now split off from the core al Qaeda organization . Indeed , just this week , an ISIS delegation met with leaders of a splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban to talk about how to unify Pakistani militants , The Associated Press reported . Also this month , Ansar Beit al-Maqdis , one of the most violent militant groups in Egypt , pledged allegiance to ISIS , The New York Times reported . ABM is believed to have been responsible for an attack on a police checkpoint near Gaza last month that killed 30 Egyptian soldiers . And ISIS has continued to expand its geographical reach . Three other groups -- al-Mujahidin in the Arabian Peninsula , al-Mujahidin in Libya and al-Mujahidin in Yemen -- also recorded statements of allegiance to ISIS in November , which ISIS broadcast online . Meanwhile , ISIS now controls the eastern Libyan city of Derna , not far from the Egyptian border . And last month , six Pakistani Taliban leaders reportedly swore allegiance to ISIS in an audio message , although Shahidullah Shahid , the Pakistani Taliban 's official spokesman , said he was speaking for himself and five other Taliban leaders in the message , not for the rest of the Pakistani Taliban . The Taliban reacted by firing Shahid , but a senior Taliban official told the BBC that "  he was the most important of the five who have left us " and said that the leaders had defected because they were unhappy with senior Taliban leaders . Among other groups that have pledged allegiance to ISIS is Jund al-Khalifa  Soldiers of the Caliphate  , a terrorist group operating in Algeria . Previously , the group was part of al Qaeda 's North African branch , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , until the group split from AQIM because it was "  deviating from the true path . " And just 10 days after proclaiming its allegiance to ISIS , Jund al-Khalifa beheaded Herve Gourdel , a 55-year-old French hiker they had taken hostage .  Beheading Western hostages is , of course , one of ISIS ' signature tactics  . Inside Syria and Iraq , ISIS has also gathered up smaller militant groups . For example , Ansar al-Islam , a former al Qaeda-linked group , is now cooperating with ISIS . Also , Jaysh Mohammed  Army of Mohammed  used to work to repel U.S. forces from Iraq and has now joined the ranks of ISIS . Finally , ISIS and the al Qaeda-aligned Nusra Front had previously been at war with each other in Syria for much of this past year . But this month , representatives from the two groups met in Syria and agreed to stop fighting each other and focus on fighting their common enemies , sources told The Associated Press . This brings together the two most effective Sunni militant groups fighting in Syria . Why are all of these militant groups suddenly pledging their allegiance to ISIS or aligning themselves with the group , and in many cases giving up former affiliations with al Qaeda 's core group to do so ? The answer is simple : ISIS is successful . In many ways it really is the "  Islamic State of Iraq and Syria " that it claims to be , because it has taken large portions of both countries from government control , replacing local administrators with ISIS governors who distribute social services . ISIS is also winning critical cities and key points of infrastructure , including dams and oil wells , and that means the group has substantial funding and resources at its disposal . Partnering with ISIS makes sense from an economic perspective for many of these organizations , especially the smaller militant groups operating inside Syria and Iraq . For other militant groups around the Muslim world , it allows for a cross-pollination of ideas and training through a sort of jihadist exchange program , where some groups send members into Syria or Iraq to learn from ISIS . ISIS controls territory in a 400-mile swath from Aleppo in the west of Syria to Fallujah in the east , near the Iraqi capital , Baghdad , while its dozen or so affiliated organizations stretch from the coast of North Africa to the mountains of the Hindu Kush . The fact is that al Qaeda 's core organization can only dream of such success .	Peter Bergen : More and more terrorist and insurgent groups are swearing loyalty to ISIS In past six months , ISIS has attracted about a dozen groups , he says ISIS ' perceived success is attracting these recruits , Bergen says
CNN  -- When it comes to India travel , the state of Punjab , which borders Pakistan , does n't make it to the top of that many itineraries . That 's good news for intrepid travelers . From temples so gold they 'll make your eyes water , to food you 'll be longing for days after it hits your lips , Punjab is India at its colorful , lively best . 1 . Harmandir Sahib  Golden Temple Located in Amritsar , the holiest shrine of the Sikh religion , Harmandir Sahib  Golden Temple  , is Punjab 's top attraction . Reflections of its gold-encrusted dome shimmer in the clear water of the Amrit Sarovar  Pool of Nectar  , which greets those who enter from the north gate , the most impressive of all four entries . To take it all in , it 's best to simply walk around the marble pathway surrounding the pool . Its waters are said to have healing powers . Devotional music , bathing pilgrims , golden carps and meditating devotees add to the atmosphere . Worth keeping in mind : There 's a long line to visit the inner sanctum  Darbar Sahib  , where the holy book of the Sikhs , "  Guru Granth Sahib , " is kept . Visits are best scheduled for the late afternoon and early evening ; every night the temple complex is illuminated . Simply stunning . You can end the day at the temple 's langar  canteen  . The scale of its free meal , put on daily by volunteers , is impressive , with 50,000 meals served each day , according to temple officials . The Golden Temple , Golden Temple Road , Amritsar , Punjab ; +911832553957 ; open daily , 6 a.m.-2 a.m. 2 . Punjabi eats The city of Amritsar has a rich culinary heritage . Building a big enough appetite to give it the attention it deserves is a challenge . From melt-in-mouth chicken tikka to cream-laden , extra-large tumblers of yogurt lassi , Amritsar is an Indian food lover 's dream destination . The best way to get a balanced taste is to start in Kesar Da Dhaba . Hidden in the twisting lanes of the old part of the city , it 's reached only by foot , cycle rickshaw or bicycle . Founded in 1916 , the restaurant is particularly popular with vegetarians . There 's crispy butter-smeared tandoori bread ; the house specialty , daal makhani , comes with a thick layer of ghee . At Makhan Fish and Chicken Corner , fried singhara  catfish  fillets are a must-try . They 're coated in chickpea flour and caraway seeds then cooked . Perfect with cold beer . The creamiest and freshest yogurt lassi in Amritsar is at Surjan Singh Milk Bhandar ; the thick drink is a mini-meal in itself . Kesar da Dhaba , Chowk Passian ; +911832552103 Makhan Fish & Chicken Corner ; 21A , Majitha Road , near Maddan Hospital ; +919815193241 Surjan Singh Milk Bhandar , Chowk Regent Cinema , GT Road 3 . Border face off One of Punjab 's most interesting rituals is the lowering of the flags ceremony , held at India 's Wagah border each evening before sunset . Wagah is about 25 kilometers from the Pakistani city of Lahore . Indian guards in red and gold turbans march out to meet their Pakistani counterparts in a choreographed affair greeted with loud applause from onlookers . It 's a splendid show of patriotism , pomp and panache . To secure good seats , it 's best to get there by midafternoon or arrange for a VIP pass from the Border Security Force station . For security reasons , bags and backpacks are n't allowed . The border is 30 kilometers from Amritsar and takes about 45 minutes to reach by car . 4 . Punjabiyat Lodge Punjabiyat Lodge does n't conjure quintessential images of India . Instead what you get here are feather-light beds with unobstructed views of green fields as far as the eye can see . The nature retreat in Punjab 's agricultural heartland is a great place to de-stress through simple rural experiences . Visitors can lend a helping hand to farmers , cycle around the village , milk cattle or take a tractor ride . Rooms are luxurious but eco-friendly . Guests get a sense of remoteness and privacy ; there are only four cottages , all set in a wheat field . Meals are a pleasure . Breakfast is served near the fields , lunch under the shade of sprawling trees and dinner on a terrace under a canopy of stars . Most meals are made with ingredients grown on the lodge 's farm , says Punjabiyat manager Jagdeep Singh . Punjabiyat Lodge is in the village of Saidowal-Gunopur , about 75 kilometers from Amritsar ; +919818705508 5 . Sarai Amanat Khan A scenic 45-minute drive from Amritsar , Sarai Amanat Khan is an old , crumbling caravanserai  roadside inn  . Built by Mughals in 1640 , it 's a fantastic remnant of ancient architecture . It once served travelers on the Agra-to-Lahore trade route and was a prosperous pit stop back in the day . These days , the historic ruins only hint at its glorious past . Photogenic features of the complex include an arched entry , fading calligraphy , Persian tiles , eroding walls and a mosque . Amanat Khan , the inn 's namesake , is believed to be the same guy who etched the calligraphy on the Taj Mahal in Agra . It 's a great day trip from Amritsar . 6 . Ranjit 's Svaasa hotel There are few better ways to end a wild day in Amritsar than climbing into one of the plush beds at the 200-year-old Ranjit 's Svaasa hotel . Abhimanyu and his partner , Gayatri , are the gracious hosts of this charming , well-hidden retreat . The owners are seventh-generation members of the Punjabi Mehra clan , says general manager Deepak Biala . Corridors are dotted with family portraits , antique furniture and curios collected over their many travels . Secluded terraces and lounging spaces are spread throughout the property . The Rattan Chand and Dev Chand suites each come with a marble bathtub and a sitting area framed by large windows . Guest can learn to whip up a traditional Punjabi meal or hit the spa for an innovative wine-and-sugar scrub or face treatment with turmeric , sandalwood and organic rose water . Ranjit 's Svaasa , 47A Mall Road , Amritsar ; +911832566618 ; rooms from RS 6,500  $ 108	India 's Punjab state is home to the holiest shrine of the Sikh religion , the Golden Temple Every evening at the border , Indian , Pakistani guards join in a flag lowering ceremony For heritage stays , Amritsar 's Ranjit Svaasa hotel has been around for 200 years
CNN  -- Rep. Bill Young of Florida , the longest-serving Republican member of the House , died Friday evening , his chief of staff said . Harry Glenn said that C.W. Bill Young was surrounded by family when he died at 6:50 p.m. at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland . "  The cause of death was complications related to a chronic injury , " Glenn said . News of Young 's death came two days after his family said in a statement that he was "  gravely ill . " The 22-term representative was n't on the House floor for the vote on reopening the government and raising the debt ceiling . Just last week , he announced that he would n't run for another term . "  It 's my time , " the 82-year-old told the Tampa Bay Times in a phone interview . As to why he was retiring , Young said , "  I do n't know that I would pick out one thing . It 's a lot of things . " Among them , Young said , was his frustration with congressional gridlock . "  I 'm a little disappointed . It seems there 's too much politics . It 's a different Congress , " he told the Times . Young was first elected to the House in November 1970 . After serving 10 years in the Florida State Senate and 43 years in the U.S. House , Young spent more than half a century in elected office . He served with a total of eight presidents . During his tenure , Young was heralded for his expertise on defense issues . He chaired the full House Appropriations committee and its defense subcommittee during his tenure on Capitol Hill . Former House Speaker Tom Foley dead at 84 People we 've lost in 2013	Rep. Young had served 22 terms in the U.S. House Young , 82 , announced last week he would not seek re-election His family said earlier this week the congressman was "  gravely ill "
CNN  -- Jennifer Staple runs the Unite For Sight program which started in the U.S. , but has branched out into working overseas . Regarding sight as a fundamental human right that most people take for granted , the program aims to tackle a range of visual impairments that affect people across the world . Jennifer will be traveling to Ghana and then India , taking volunteers to continue the work of Unite For Sight . Keep up with her experiences in her blogs and video diaries . E-mail to a friend	Jennifer introduces Michael Nedelman , a volunteer for Unite For Sight in India Michael led a program giving cameras to patients after cataract removal the photos show what is important to people who have had their sight restored
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- A Colorado man was convicted of first-degree murder and a bias-motivated crime and sentenced to life in prison for killing a transgender teen he met on an online social networking site . Allen Andrade was convicted of first-degree murder and a hate crime in the slaying of a transgender teen . It was the first time in the nation that a state hate crime statute resulted in a conviction in a transgender person 's murder , the advocacy group Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation said . Seated in the front row of the courtroom , the family of Angie Zapata broke out in tears as the verdicts against Allen Andrade were read Wednesday . The jury deliberated for just under two hours before returning the verdict shortly after 3 p.m. Watch Andrade listen to the verdict " "  I lost somebody so precious , " said Maria Zapata , the victim 's mother . She glanced at Andrade and continued : "  The only thing he ca n't take away is the love and the memories that I have of my baby . My beautiful , beautiful baby . " Andrade spoke just one word . "  No , " he said when asked if he wished to address the court . Judge Marcelo Kopcow then imposed the mandatory sentence for the first-degree murder conviction -- life in prison without parole . Watch Andrade get sentenced to life without parole " The verdict was hailed by gay and transgender rights groups . "  This is a landmark decision , " said Mindy Barton , the legal director of the Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual and Transgender Community Center of Colorado . Barton attended the trial daily . "  Hearing ` guilty on first-degree murder ' and ` guilty of bias-motivated crime ' was a hugely emotional experience for all the family , friends and the supporters of Angie , " Barton added . "  She will not be forgotten . " Andrade admitted killing Zapata , but his defense argued that he acted in the heat of passion after discovering that Zapata was biologically male . The defense asked for a lesser verdict , such as second-degree murder or manslaughter . Throughout the trial , prosecutors referred to Zapata as "  she , " while the defense referred to the transgender teen , who was born Justin Zapata , as "  he . " "  When -LSB- Andrade -RSB- met him , he met him as ` Angie , ' " defense attorney Annette Kundelius argued on Wednesday . "  When he found out it was n't ` Angie , ' that it was ` Justin , ' he lost control . " But the jury rejected the argument , deciding in favor of prosecutors , who argued that Andrade knew Zapata was biologically male and that knowledge motivated the crime . "  This was an ambush attack , " said Chief Deputy District Attorney Robb Miller . "  This was an all-out blitz . " Zapata was "  born in a boy 's body but living as a female , " added Miller . "  Ultimately , she was murdered because of it . " The case has become a rallying point for supporters of the transgender community , who have held vigils and launched Web sites in remembrance of Zapata . They are calling for the inclusion of transgender people in hate crime statutes across the country and at the federal level . Currently , 11 states and the District of Columbia recognize transgender people in their hate crime laws . According to prosecutors , Zapata , 18 , and Andrade , 32 , met online in summer 2008 and arranged to meet . Zapata brought Andrade to her apartment in Greeley , Colorado , where they spent nearly three days together . According to a police affidavit , Zapata was out of the apartment when Andrade noticed photographs that made him "  question victim Zapata 's sex . " Andrade confronted Zapata , who declared , "  I am all woman . " Andrade then grabbed Zapata and discovered male genitalia . According to court records , Andrade told police he began hitting Zapata with his fists , knocking her to the ground . He then grabbed a fire extinguisher and twice hit her in the head . Andrade told police he thought he had "  killed it , " referring to Zapata , and covered her with a blanket . Realizing what he had done , he then cleaned up the crime scene , the affidavit said . Andrade told police he heard "  gurgling " sounds coming from the victim and saw Zapata sitting up . He hit her again with the fire extinguisher , he said , according to the affidavit . Andrade took Zapata 's car and fled . Police discovered the car two weeks later and arrested Andrade . The jury heard jailhouse phone conversations , including Andrade telling a girlfriend "  gay things must die . " He did not testify in his own defense . Zapata was 16 when she adopted the name "  Angie , " and made the decision to live as a woman .	Allen Andrade guilty of murder , bias crime in teen 's slaying Advocates : Case is first conviction in nation for transgender hate crime Case has been closely watched by transgender rights groups
CNN  -- Tania Julin remembers the deep gut pain she felt when she found out nearly three years ago that Chiquita Brands International had paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to a Marxist rebel group in Colombia that had abducted and killed her missionary husband . The pain remains , but Julin felt some relief last week when a federal judge rejected Chiquita 's motion to dismiss a damage suit she and four other widows brought against the Ohio-based company . "  My stomach still turns today at the thought of fellow Americans paying terrorists , " Julin said . "  It just makes my stomach sick . " Chiquita , which has admitted making payments to the rebels and was fined $ 25 million by the U.S. Justice Department , says it was victimized . "  Chiquita acquiesced to extortion payments to protect the lives of its employees , " company spokesman Ed Loyd said . To some analysts , the issue highlights the difficulties of conducting business in war-torn areas . Marxist guerrillas who call themselves the Armed Revolutionary Forces of Colombia , commonly known as FARC , declared war on the government in 1964 . Chiquita had more than 200 banana farms in Colombia before selling them in 2004 . "  It 's really tough doing business in an environment that is lawless and the state is largely absent , " said Bruce Bagley , professor of international studies at the University of Miami . For Julin , though , the issue is deeply personal . She had been married to Mark Rich for 3 1/2 years when FARC rebels burst into their home in Pucuro , Panama , across the border from Colombia , on January 31 , 1993 . The rebels abducted Rich while his wife and two daughters -- ages 11 months and 2 1/2 years -- watched in horror . The FARC abducted two other members of the New Tribes Mission around the same time and demanded a $ 5 million ransom for the three men about a week later . One year later , the rebels abducted two other missionaries belonging to the same Christian group . A $ 3 million ransom was demanded for their release . No ransom was paid for any of them . The families did not know anything about their loved ones for years . It was a tough time for Julin 's daughters . "  They went through all of their growing-up years that they can remember asking where their daddy was and if he could come home for their birthdays , " Julin said . She and the wives of the other men abducted in 1993 found out the truth in December 2000 , when New Tribes Mission officials told them the FARC had killed the three captives in 1996 . The Colombian government confirmed the deaths in February 2007 . The two men who were abducted in 1994 were killed during a firefight between the FARC and the Colombian military in June 1995 . Evidence and eyewitness reports obtained by the Colombian National Prosecutor 's Office and the U.S. Justice Department confirmed that the FARC executed the missionaries . The U.S. State Department designated the FARC a foreign terrorist organization on October 8 , 1997 . The five widows found out another hurtful truth in March 2007 , when Chiquita pleaded guilty to violating U.S. antiterrorism laws by providing payments to another Colombian terrorist organization , the paramilitary right-wing United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia , known as the AUC . Chiquita made more than 100 payments to the AUC totaling at least $ 1.7 million , the Justice Department said . As part of those proceedings , Chiquita acknowledged that it had also made payments to the FARC from 1989 to at least 1997 . That period included the span during which the five missionaries were abducted and killed . That knowledge still pains Julin . "  I just can hardly stand to think about it too much , " she said . "  They 're like a household name . You feel like you can trust them . "  It 's just horrible to think about . " Chiquita 's Loyd said the company 's sole motivation was to protect the lives of its employees . He cited a 1995 incident in which a bus transporting Chiquita employees was attacked and 25 people aboard it died . In total , he said , more than 50 Chiquita employees were killed in Colombia in the 1990s . "  We 're sympathetic to the families , " he said , "  but Chiquita was being extorted by right-wing groups and left-wing groups . There was a very real fear , a very real threat to U.S. citizens . " That argument does not wash with Gary M. Osen , an attorney for the families . "  There 's no law that says you have to operate in areas where you have to pay terrorists , " Osen said . "  That 's something they chose to do . " Julin , a 40-year-old kindergarten teacher at a church school near Orlando , Florida , filed suit in March 2008 . Civil provisions of the U.S. Anti-Terrorism Act of 1991 allow American citizens , their heirs and their estates to be paid compensation for injuries suffered as a result of international terrorism . The families "  allege that Chiquita , knowing that FARC was a terrorist organization , intentionally agreed to provide money , weapons and services to it as part of a common scheme to subvert local trade unions , protect Chiquita 's farms and shipments , harm Chiquita 's competitors , -LSB- and -RSB- strengthen FARC 's military capabilities , and that -LSB- the families -RSB- were injured by overt acts done in furtherance of the common scheme , " U.S. District Judge Kenneth A. Marra wrote in his 34-page ruling allowing the suit to go forward . Court records show that Chiquita initially made monthly cash payments to the FARC ranging from $ 20,000 to $ 100,000 . Eventually , Chiquita 's payments were fixed to a percentage of the company 's gross revenues from its Colombia banana business . Ultimately , up to 10 percent of those revenues were diverted to the FARC . The company also supplied weapons , ammunition and other supplies to the rebels , the victims ' families allege . The families also said "  Chiquita went to great lengths to hide its relationship with FARC , " Marra noted in the February 4 ruling . "  The payments were often delivered by a former American military pilot known as ` Kaiser , ' who held a management position with Chiquita in Colombia , " the judge said the families allege . According to the families , Marra said , Chiquita placed false names and nonexistent employees on its payroll , providing the money on local paydays to regional FARC commanders . The company also helped the FARC create front organizations to which Chiquita could channel money , the victims ' families said . In addition , the judge said , the families accuse Chiquita of working with FARC-controlled labor unions as another way to channel payments to the guerrillas . Chiquita spokesman Loyd and one of the company 's attorneys , Jonathan M. Sperling , declined to discuss Friday whether the families ' allegations noted by Marra are factual . The judge 's ruling means the case can go to the discovery phase , in which each party can obtain documents and evidence from the other side . "  We needed to pass this hurdle in order to go forward , " said Steven M. Steingard , another attorney for the families . Loyd expressed confidence that the company will be exonerated . "  It makes no sense to make Chiquita or Chiquita employees liable for the horrible crimes that those groups committed , " Loyd said . Said Osen , the attorney for the other side , "  Chiquita is intent on defending what we consider the indefensible . " No amount for monetary damages has been asked , Osen and Steingard said . Julin , who has remarried , says she has a reason beyond dollars and cents . "  All those years of not knowing if he was alive or dead , " she said . "  There never has been any closure . "	Judge dismisses company 's attempt to dismiss widows ' damage suit Chiquita admitted making payments to Colombian rebels "  They 're like a household name . ... It 's just horrible to think about , " widow says
CNN  -- The European Commission warned Hungary Tuesday it faces legal action over controversial reforms introduced by Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban 's government . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said the move reflects its determination to see that EU law is fully respected . "  We hoped that the Hungarian authorities would make the changes necessary to guarantee respect of EU law , " he said in a statement . "  This has not been the case so far , therefore we have decided to begin infringement proceedings . " The actions concerns three issues , he said : the independence of the national central bank , the retirement age of judges , and the independence of the country 's data protection authority . The commission is also seeking more information in regard to the independence of the judiciary , Barroso said . Both the European Union and International Monetary Fund have said they will refuse to extend aid to Hungary , which is struggling financially , unless the government in Budapest guarantees the independence of the central bank . The organizations say they are concerned the Hungarian government will have undue influence over monetary policy . Orban is to meet Barroso in Brussels , Belgium , for talks next Tuesday , the latter said in his statement . "  Hungary is a key member of the European family , " Barroso said . "  We do not want the shadow of doubt on respect for democratic principles and values to remain over the country any longer . The quicker that this is resolved , the better . " Infringement proceedings are a step preceding legal action , intended to enable a state to make changes to conform with EU law rather than be taken to court . Barroso wrote to Orban in December requesting the withdrawal of two recent bills related to the country 's financial stability and the central bank . Orban rejected the requests . The EU then raised the prospect of taking Hungary to the European Court of Justice , Europe 's highest court , over Orban 's constitutional overhaul . The string of constitutional changes introduced by Orban 's center-right government have generated much controversy within Hungary , where his party , Fidesz , has a dominant position in Parliament . Tens of thousands of people protested against the new constitution in Budapest earlier this month , demanding that Orban resign . The demonstration , which lasted nearly five hours , was organized by opposition parties and civil society groups who say the new constitution is anti-democratic . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed similar concerns last year , pushing Orban to commit to "  the independence of the judiciary , a free press , and governmental transparency . " The government has defended itself and blamed opposition parties for bringing the country to the brink of economic and political collapse . It says it is trying to resolve a problem spawned by the previous Socialist government . The new constitution , which took effect January 1 , omits "  republic " from Hungary 's official name , and includes several paragraphs that Amnesty International says violate international human rights . The human rights organization has been critical of sections that define life as beginning at conception and marriage as being between a man and a woman . It also expressed concerns about the possibility of life imprisonment without parole , and the failure to forbid discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation . The demonstration earlier this month was preceded by a series of protests in 2011 against laws introduced by Hungary 's populist government . Critics have said that a new media law is restrictive and that a new electoral law favors Orban 's party . They have also taken aim at a law criminalizing homelessness .	NEW : The European Commission president says he wants to see EU law fully respected NEW : President Barroso and Prime Minister Orban are to meet in Brussels next week The EU and the IMF have threatened to withhold aid over the matter The opposition and rights groups have criticized the country 's new constitution
CNN  -- It 's not over in Steubenville , Ohio . Although a judge has found two Steubenville teenagers guilty of raping a 16-year-old girl in a case that showcased jaw-dropping examples of teenage alcohol use and tawdry text messaging -- all wrapped in allegations of a cover-up -- Ohio 's attorney general said Monday it 's now time for a grand jury to look at whether anyone else should be charged . "  I think the Steubenville community needs really two things . One is to get this over with , " Attorney General Mike DeWine said in a nod to frustration the continued investigation is likely to cause in the city -- a small , down-on-its-luck Ohio River mill town that 's been the focus of intense criticism and media coverage for months . "  But the other is to believe that justice has been done , that we have left no stone unturned and that anyone who is criminally liable has been brought to justice , " he said . Healing process after rape never ends The victim 's mother told CNN that the verdicts are "  the start of a new beginning for my daughter . " But she added , "  We need to stress the importance of helping those in need and to stand up for what is right . " "  We hope that from this something good can arise , " she said . "  I feel I have an opportunity to bring an awareness to others , possibly change the mentality of a youth or help a parent to have more of an awareness to where their children are and what they are doing . The adults need to take responsibility and guide these children . " But the emotions inflamed by the case echoed past Sunday 's verdict , with sheriff 's deputies and state investigators arresting two teenage girls Monday for threatening the victim over Twitter . The girls -- one 15 , one 16 , both from Steubenville -- were in a juvenile lockup Monday night , awaiting an appearance before a judge Tuesday morning , Jefferson County Sheriff Fred Abdalla said . Grand jury DeWine said state investigators have examined tens of thousands of text messages , images and videos and talked to 56 witnesses -- from teenagers who attended the parties to assistant football coaches and the high school principal . But 16 people who may know something about what happened that August night have refused to talk , he said . "  I have reached the conclusion that this investigation can not be completed -- that we can not bring finality to this matter -- without the convening of a grand jury , " he said in a statement Sunday . Opinion : Steubenville case shows how the rules have changed The grand jury will begin meeting around April 15 and could take "  a number of days " to complete its work , DeWine said . "  And I should point out that the convening of a grand jury , of course , does not necessarily mean that indictments will be returned or that charges will be filed , " he said . "  A grand jury is an investigative tool that is uniquely suited to ensure fairness and to complete this investigation , " DeWine said in the Sunday statement . "  And this community needs assurance that no stone has been left unturned in our search for the truth . " Guilty verdicts DeWine 's announcement of the grand jury came shortly after Judge Thomas Lipps found Trent Mays , 17 , and Ma ` lik Richmond , 16 , guilty of rape . Lipps , who was hearing the case without a jury , also found Mays guilty of disseminating a nude photo of a minor . Authorities accused Mays and Richmond of putting their fingers in the girl 's vagina while she was too drunk to consent , an act that constitutes rape under Ohio law . The incident took place during a series of alcohol-fueled end-of-summer parties in August . Some of the abuse was documented in photographs shown in court and in texts read aloud during testimony , including one text in which a state forensics investigator testified Mays wrote , "  I should have raped since everyone thinks I did . " Trial focuses on text messages Lipps sentenced Mays to a minimum of two years in a juvenile correctional facility . Richmond received a minimum of one year . Juvenile authorities could decide to keep both in custody until they turn 21 . Richmond 's father , Nathaniel Richmond , said he still believed his son was innocent "  even though he apologized in the courtroom . " "  The evidence they had against Ma ` lik was minimal , " he told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " "  Ma ` lik was just at the wrong place at the wrong time . I know my son is not a rapist , even though he has been convicted of rape . " Both Mays and Richmond must undergo treatment and will have to register as sex offenders , Lipps ruled . Richmond 's attorney , Walter Madison , said his client would appeal in an attempt to avoid that designation . Meanwhile , the victim and her family remain under guard after the threats were posted online , Abdalla told CNN . "  She continues to be a victim and be victimized ... over and over , " he said . "  And that 's what 's sad . " One of the tweets that led to Monday 's arrests warned that if the poster saw the victim , "  it 's gone be a homicide . " Another threatened a beating . The girl accused of tweeting the death threat turned herself in after learning that investigators were looking for her , the sheriff said . Nevertheless , "  They 're going to have to answer to it , " he said . "  We 're dealing with kids , again , " Abdalla said . "  But the attorney general had just left the building -- the judge was still in the building -- when I received messages that there 's death threats already against the victim . " No charges had been announced against the suspects Monday night , but "  There 's no question they 're going to prosecute . " "  I hope this sends a warning , " he said . "  And I can assure you , we 've been monitoring Twitter for 24 hours and continue to . If there 's anybody else there crosses a line and makes a death threat , they 're going to have to face the consequences . " Internet outrage The case received widespread attention after a blogger who once lived in Steubenville uncovered some of the materials posted to social media sites . The blogger , Alexandria Goddard , wrote pointedly about the possibility that the teenagers had been given preferential treatment because they played on the town 's highly regarded football team . Police have denied that claim . Later , the loosely organized hacker group Anonymous got involved , posting a lengthy video in which another teenager -- who has not been charged -- made joking references to the rape . The ensuing ire over the case brought national attention and criticism to the city from around the country , leaving city officials struggling to defend the community and residents weary of the media spotlight . Teen rape trial shines unwelcome spotlight on Ohio town Broader problem Acknowledging the town 's frustration , DeWine said Monday that it would be a mistake to focus on one small Ohio community , to think something unique in its culture is behind the incident . "  I 'm afraid people are going to walk away and say this was all about Steubenville , " DeWine said . "  It 's not . It 's a cultural problem . " "  I 'll guarantee that there are crimes very similar to this that occur every Friday night and every Saturday night in communities across this country where you have people , particularly young people , who are drinking too much and a girl is taken advantage of , and a girl is raped , " he said . Such incidents stem from a larger social problem -- a rampant lack of respect and human decency , he said . "  One of the lessons of life is we have to take care of each other , and we have to try to help people and we have to do what 's right . " DeWine said . "  And there were precious few people that night that were doing what was right . " Teens treated girl ` like a toy , ' prosecutor says CNN 's Poppy Harlow , Brian Vitagliano , Yon Pomrenze , Matt Smith , Steve Almasy and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	"  Adults need to take responsibility and guide these children , " victim 's mother says Two Steubenville teens arrested after Twitter threats to victim , sheriff says Prosecutors will ask a grand jury to investigate the possibility of additional charges AG Mike DeWine says it would be wrong to blame Steubenville alone
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican author Carlos Fuentes , a prolific writer known for his novels and political commentary , died Tuesday . He was 83 . Fuentes had a massive hemorrhage overnight , said Dr. Arturo Ballesteros , his doctor . He died Tuesday afternoon , hours after arriving at the hospital . "  I deeply regret the passing of our beloved and admired Carlos Fuentes , writer and universal Mexican . May he rest in peace , " Mexican President Felipe Calderon said in a Twitter post . Mexico 's national arts council described Fuentes as "  one of the most prolific and recognized Mexican authors in the world . " He won numerous literary awards throughout his career , including the Cervantes Prize . On Monday , Spain 's University of the Balearic Islands awarded him an honorary doctorate for his literary work . Fuentes , the son of a diplomat , was born in Panama and spent parts of his childhood in Argentina , Chile , Brazil and the United States . As he received the Cervantes Prize in 1987 , he described Mexico as "  the country of my blood and also of my imagination . " His first novels , which included "  The Most Transparent Region " in 1959 and "  The Death of Artemio Cruz " in 1962 , made him one of the most important figures of the so-called Latin American Boom of the 1960s and 1970s . His 1985 novel "  Old Gringo " was a bestseller in the United States . It became a movie in 1989 starring Gregory Peck and Jane Fonda . "  Carlos ' influence on literature goes far beyond borders of Latin America , and the impact of his intellect and activism will not be forgotten , " said Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , who presented Fuentes with a key to the city in 2006 . In a recent interview with Spain 's El Pais newspaper , the author discussed his plans to write a new book . "  My technique for staying young is working a lot , and always having a pending project . Now I 've finished a book , ` Federico on His Balcony , ' but now I have a new one , ` The Dance of the Centenarian , ' that I start to write Monday in Mexico , " Fuentes said in the interview , which was published this week . Fuentes , a former ambassador to France who became known as much for his political commentary as his literary prowess , regularly wrote columns for the Spanish newspaper and the Mexico daily Reforma . On Tuesday , Reforma published a column by Fuentes titled "  Long live socialism . But ... " analyzing the recent election of Francois Hollande to France 's presidency . At the Buenos Aires Book Fair earlier this month , Fuentes spoke of the problem of drug trafficking in Latin America and criticized the candidates running for president in Mexico this year . "  What alarms me enormously this year ... is that I see problems here , and the candidates there , " Fuentes told CNN en Espa  ol 's Carmen Aristegui in January . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Krupskaia Alis , Rey Rodriguez , Rafael Romo , Luis Arce and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : Fuentes ' doctor says the author suffered a massive hemorrhage before he died NEW : Los Angeles mayor : "  The impact of his intellect and activism will not be forgotten " Calderon : "  I deeply regret the passing of our beloved and admired Carlos Fuentes " The Mexican author won numerous literary awards
CNN  -- Tonight , as my husband stands in our bedroom , fingers whirling across his smartphone and eyes glued to its tiny screen , I have no idea "  where " he is . Is he checking the score of his beloved home team , or dealing with a rant from an indefatigable boss overseas ? Is he working or home-ing , or both ? This melding of work and home , of course , is an old story . In 1999 , I wrote an article about three generations of a Baltimore family and their work-life balance . Shattering my romantic views on what it was like to live a few easy steps from work -- literally over the store -- the family 's elderly patriarch told me that his parents could n't wait to move to the suburbs and put some distance between family and work . Their hardware business had shadowed their evenings and weekends , stealing peace . Decades later , the patriarch 's restless , cell phone-toting , entrepreneurial son blamed the portability of work for his recent divorce . How smartphones make us superhuman In the digital age , we blend home and work , not because we are tied to a store or farm or job , but because the fetters of time and space seem shattered . We can physically circuit the globe in hours , and our thoughts can move across the planet in seconds . Time seems putty in our hands . Our lives are increasingly shorn of context . My early days in the mobile revolution Does it matter much whether it 's night or day , spring or fall , home or the office ? We are empowered , yet disturbed by this free-for-all . Two recent reports underscore the tensions within these shifts . While more companies are allowing employees to work when and where they want to , they increasingly are limiting people 's ability to take a leave or work part-time , the Families and Work Institute found in its 2012 National Study of Employers . Flex-time is up , but career breaks have fallen steeply . More than half of executives get business information at all hours , according to a survey released earlier this year by Forbes Insights and an advertising firm . As many executives reported feeling enabled as irritated by an " @Work State of Mind . " Nearly a third of those executives who feel "  in control " of their always-on lives also describe themselves as resigned to the situation . Is overwork the trouble ? Yes and no . In a blended world , work does tend to win out over other parts of life . Studies over the past decade show that people who work at home or outside the office tend to work longer hours , contrary to employers ' initial fears . According to a recent survey , 54 % of American smartphone owners check their phones in bed -- sometimes in the middle of the night . And at a Chicago marketers ' networking luncheon where I recently spoke on a panel , a majority of the crowd of 150 reported , in a show of hands , that they sleep with a smartphone within reach . Even if work is our passion , as it is mine , we 're pitching ourselves headlong and unthinkingly into a world without boundaries -- a world without rest . But overwork is perhaps the least of the challenges when we blend work and home . The blending itself changes how we work , as well as how long we work . In frantically integrating work and home , we stray perilously close to diluting both . This is a matter of attention , intention , and depth . In courting the always-on livelihood , we 're turning our backs on rich moments of full focus and absorption , in favor of darting restlessly back and forth between two or more complex streams of life . The integrity of a moment is lost when we unthinkingly blend different parts of our life . I 'm writing this on a Sunday . My teen is sleeping in and my husband is away . The silence of the morning provides a perfect context for writing . But when my groggy teen wakes up , I 'll put aside my work , and we 'll share toast and tea and a plan of the day . Because if I tried to skate through breakfast with one eye on my daughter and one eye on the clock or smartphone , a fleeting moment of togetherness would be diluted . The silken threads of mutual presence would be thinned to the point of fraying . As much as we try to believe otherwise , it matters where we are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maggie Jackson .	Maggie Jackson : We blend home and work because we all use smartphones Jackson : We are empowered , yet disturbed by this free-for-all She says that in a mobile world , work tends to win out over other parts of life Jackson : As much as we try to believe otherwise , it matters what we do , where we are
CNN  Oscar-nominated star Benedict Cumberbatch has apologized for referring to black actors as "  colored " on a U.S. talk show . The "  12 Years a Slave " actor said he was an "  idiot " and "  devastated " at his choice of words during an interview with PBS ' Tavis Smiley about the lack of diversity in the British film industry . Cumberbatch , 38 , told Smiley : "  I think as far as colored actors go , it gets really difficult in the UK , and I think a lot of my friends have had more opportunities here -LSB- in the U.S. -RSB- than in the UK , and that 's something that needs to change . " His comments were criticized by some observers on Twitter as being insensitive and out of touch . One user called Sonya Thomas asked : "  Benedict Cumberbatch used the term ` coloured ' to describe black actors . What year are we in ? " But Smiley , who is black , defended the "  Sherlock " star on Monday , tweeting : "  Those who saw Benedict Cumberbatch on @PBS , know he feels persons of color are underrepresented in #Hollywood . " The actor , who appeared on Smiley 's show to discuss his Oscar-nominated role in "  The Imitation Game , " praised the efforts of Lenny Henry , a black British actor and comedian who has launched a campaign to ensure more ethnic minorities are employed in the UK media . "  Something 's gone wrong -- we 're not being representative enough in our culture of different races , and that really does need to step up a pace , " Cumberbatch said . "  It 's clear when you see certain migratory patterns that there are more opportunities here than there are in the UK . " Cumberbatch issued the following statement to People magazine on Monday : "  I 'm devastated to have caused offense by using this outmoded terminology . I offer my sincere apologies . I make no excuse for my being an idiot and know the damage is done . "  I can only hope this incident will highlight the need for correct usage of terminology that is accurate and inoffensive . The most shaming aspect of this for me is that I was talking about racial inequality in the performing arts in the U.K. and the need for rapid improvements in our industry when I used the term . "  I feel the complete fool I am and while I am sorry to have offended people and to learn from my mistakes in such a public manner please be assured I have . I apologize again to anyone who I offended for this thoughtless use of inappropriate language about an issue which affects friends of mine and which I care about deeply . " Read : Opinion : Cumberbatch misspoke -- now let 's get over it and fight real prejudice Anti-racism campaigners in the UK lamented Cumberbatch 's use of the word as "  outdated " but praised the actor for highlighting "  a very important issue within the entertainment industry and within society . " "  The lack of representation of people from black and ethnic minority backgrounds within certain industries in the UK is an issue which needs addressing , and we are pleased that Benedict has spoken out in support of more appropriate representation and of the views of actors and campaigners like Lenny Henry , " a spokesperson from Show Racism the Red Card told CNN . "  In doing so , he has also inadvertently highlighted the issue of appropriate terminology and the evolution of language . Show Racism the Red Card feel that the term ` coloured ' is now outdated and has the potential to cause offence due to the connotations associated with the term and its historical usage . " "  Appropriate terminology differs from country to country ; for example , we know that in some countries the term ` coloured ' is still widely used , and that in the US the term ` people of colour ' is quite common . " See the star 's full interview on Tavis Smiley here .	Benedict Cumberbatch apologizes for calling black actors "  colored " on U.S. TV British actor offers his "  sincere apologies " after appearance on Tavis Smiley show Star 's comment came during conversation about lack of diversity in UK show business
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney said Sunday he supports the Obama administration 's decision to repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy banning gays and lesbians from serving openly in the military -- a move that was staunchly opposed by most top Republicans . "  I think the decision that 's been made with respect to allowing gays to serve openly in the military is a good one " Cheney told CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union . " "  It 's the right thing to do . " The policy , first enacted during the Clinton administration , was officially repealed on September 20 . Over 14,000 people were kicked out of the military due to "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " The controversial repeal of the policy became a focal point of a GOP presidential debate last month when members of the audience booed a gay soldier who asked about the decision . President Barack Obama criticized the Republican presidential contenders on Saturday night for failing to rebuke the audience . "  We do n't believe in standing silent when that happens , " Obama told attendees at the annual National Dinner of the Human Rights Campaign , an organization that promotes equality for gays and lesbians . If "  you want to be commander-in-chief , you can start by standing up for the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States even when it is not politically convenient , " Obama said . Cheney responded to Obama by noting that he 's "  a little bit leery of the notion that somehow we ought to go hammer the Republican candidates because they did n't respond to booing in the audience . " "  When you 're in a political campaign and debates , people boo a lot of things , " Cheney told CNN . "  I 'm not sure that it was all focused specifically on that particular issue . " After the debate , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum said he had n't heard the booing when the question was asked . Santorum was being asked the question when the incident occurred .	Former GOP Vice President Dick Cheney says he supports the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " "  Do n't ask , do n't tell " was officially repealed on September 20 "  Do n't ask , do n't tell " prohibited gays and lesbians from serving openly in the military Members of the audience at a GOP debate booed a gay soldier for asking about the repeal
Forty-five years after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down a ban on interracial marriage , the rate of marriage across racial and ethnic lines in the United States is on the rise , according to a new study released Thursday . And while such "  intermarriages " continue to grow , so too does public acceptance of such unions , according to the study by the Pew Research Center 's Social and Demographic Trends project . The study has left social media sites abuzz with discussion . "  Why do people give inter-racial dating so much lip service ? " wrote Tosin Lajuwomi on Twitter . "  You like who you like - black , white , blue , orange . " Others were more reserved about what the report reflects . "  I look forward to the day when stories about "  inter-racial " marriages are no longer newsworthy , " wrote James Burns on the micro-blogging site . "  We have far to go . " About 15 % of new marriages in the United States in 2010 were between spouses of different races or ethnicities , more than doubling the 1980 level of 6.7 % , according to the study . Looking at all married couples in 2010 , regardless of when they married , so-called "  intermarriages " reached an all-time high of 8.4 % in 2010 , compared to 3.2 % in 1980 , the study said . The study analyzed the demographic and characteristics of newlyweds who differ in race or ethnicity and compared them to couples of the same race or ethnicity . It defines newly weds as couples who married in the year prior to the survey date . Among all newlyweds in 2010 , 9 % of whites married outside of their race or ethnicity , along with 17 % of African-Americans , 26 % of Hispanics and 28 % of Asians -- a term that includes native Hawaiians and Pacific Islanders . Gender patterns in intermarriages vary widely , the study found . About 24 % of African-American males married outside their race in 2010 , compared to 9 % of African-American females . However , the reverse is true for Asians , where about 36 % of females married outside their race compared to 17 % of male newlyweds . And intermarriages for white and Hispanic people do not vary by gender , researchers found . Intermarriages also vary by region . In Western states , about one in five people , or 22 % , married someone of a different race or ethnicity between 2008 and 2010 . That drops to 14 % in the South , 13 % in the Northeast and 11 % in the Midwest . Interracial dating services have also cropped up online , offering those looking for love an opportunity to find their preferred matches . A white man identified as Christopher on the website "  Interracial Dating Central , " said that he saw who would turn out to be his future wife online . "  Be bold , ladies , " said Cassandra , an African-American woman and Christopher 's wife , according to the website . "  Have patience , and then have nerve when that patience pays off ! " Because whites are by far the nation 's largest racial group , marriage between whites and minorities were the most common type of intermarriage , even though the intermarriage rate for whites is relatively low compared to other races or ethnicities , the study said . The state where most intermarriages took place was Hawaii , where more than four in 10 newlyweds  42.4 %  were intermarried . The next highest percentages were in Oklahoma , Nevada and New Mexico , with 26.3 % , 25.6 % and 25.4 % , respectively . Comparing those who "  married out " to those who "  married in , " researchers found the median combined earnings of both groups were similar . In one in five marriages of each group , both spouses were college graduates . In both groups , people tended to marry someone of a similar age , with a two - to three-year age gap between husband and wife . Additionally , equal numbers were marrying for the first time . However , there were some differences . White/Asian newlywed couples had significantly higher median combined annual earnings , at $ 70,592 , than any other pairing . And "  when it comes to educational characteristics , more than half of white newlyweds who marry Asians have a college degree , compared with roughly a third of white newlyweds who married whites , " the study said . Hispanic or African-Americans who married whites tended to have higher educational attainment compared to marriages within their own race or ethnic group . Couples formed between an Asian man and a white wife topped the median combined earnings list for the period studied , between 2008 and 2010 , with about $ 71,800 , the study said . "  During this person , white male newlyweds who married Asian , Hispanic or black spouses had higher combined earnings than did white male newlyweds who married a white spouse . " Several studies using government data have found overall divorce rates are higher for couples who "  married out , " the Pew Center said , "  but here , too , the patterns vary by the racial and gender characteristics of the couples . Meanwhile , about 43 % of Americans said they believe more intermarriages is a change for the better within society , while only about one in 10 said it was a change for the worse , the Pew Center said . "  Being a minority , younger , more educated , liberal and living in the Eastern or Western states are all traits associated with those who think more positively about intermarriage , " according to the study . More than one-third of adults surveyed said an immediate family member or close relatives is married to someone of a different race , the study said . And nearly two-thirds , or 63 % , said they would have no problem with a family member marrying someone outside their own racial or ethnic group . In a 1986 survey , nearly three in 10 Americans said intermarriage was not acceptable for anyone , and 37 % said it might be acceptable for others , but not for themselves . Only one-third of the public said it was acceptable for everyone in the 1986 poll . The study is primarily based on the Pew Center 's analysis of data from the U.S. Census Bureau 's American Community Service in 2008-2010 and on three nationwide telephone surveys , the study said .	Inter-ethnic or interracial marriages reaches an all time high in 2010 Hawaii is the state where the most "  intermarriages " take place , study finds Two-thirds of Americans say they have no issue with intermarriage
