CNN  -- Olympic snowboarding medalist Shaun White apologized Tuesday , a day after his arrest on vandalism and public intoxication charges at a hotel in Nashville . White , 26 , was arrested after trying to flee the hotel in a cab and kicking a hotel guest who tried to stop him , according to a statement Monday from the Nashville Metro Police Department . The U.S. snowboarder , nicknamed "  The Flying Tomato " for his distinctive red hair , posted an apology on his Facebook page Tuesday . "  I want to apologize for the unwise choices I made over the weekend and for any inconvenience it caused my family , friends , business partners , the hotel and their guests , " White wrote . "  I was celebrating a happy occasion with a ton of family and friends and got carried away . I 'm truly sorry for my poor behavior . " White "  appeared to be extremely intoxicated and smelled strongly of alcohol , " and his "  eyes were red and bloodshot , " according to the police report . White ran from the hotel after an employee accused him of smashing a phone , police said . A guest followed White from the hotel and called police , the incident report said . "  Once the guest told Mr. White that he called the police , Mr. White attempted to attack the man and fell and hit his head , " the report said . White was taken to a hospital to have his head injury checked , police said . The guest did n't press charges , but White was arrested on the other misdemeanor charges after refusing to sign a citation , police said . White was released on his own recognizance Monday evening , Davidson County sheriff 's spokeswoman Melinda McDowell said . White has been a professional snowboarder and skateboarder since his early teens , taking gold medals in the halfpipe competition at the 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics . Shaun White : A natural board talent	"  I was celebrating a happy occasion ... and got carried away , " snowboarder says Police said White smashed a phone at a Nashville hotel He got into a confrontation with a hotel guest who tried to stop him , police said The Olympic medalist is free on his own recognizance , a sheriff 's spokeswoman said
The week before Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans in 2005 , Millisia White came back to her native city on a trip for work . She stayed behind to help her family recover and has been home ever since . There was something she felt she had to do . "  When something you are so familiar with is threatened to be lost forever , you cling to what 's familiar , " said White , who moved back from Atlanta . For White and her brother , that meant bringing back a century-old New Orleans practice of masking , or masquerading , which was nearly vanishing . That year , she founded the New Orleans Society of Dance and incorporated into the dance company a cultural legacy series of dance performance that would revive tradition of the Baby Dolls -- with a modern twist . "  We wanted to do something representing this tradition and what it meant and symbolize it in some form . " The Baby Doll practice started about 1912 , when groups of women in New Orleans ' red light district poked fun at society 's stereotypes of women by marching in street parades dressed as dolls . It grew into a tradition centered on dance and paired with jazz bands of the popular music of the era . Groups of women embraced the attitude of freedom and the pageantry of the Baby Doll street parades , but their focus grew over the decades . They organized and began serving their community through groups called "  social aid and pleasure clubs . " "  These were just people who were very much of their community , " said Karen Leathem , a historian with the Louisiana State Museum . "  They tried to help their neighbors during an era of segregation and limited opportunity for all people of color . " However , by the 1980s and 1990s , only a handful of groups were masking as Baby Dolls . Several neighborhood groups like the Million Dollar Baby Dolls and the Ernie K-Doe Baby Dolls were active in the new millennium . But by 2005 , the Baby Doll practice seemed as if it was about to be forgotten in Katrina 's wake . "  My brother and I decided , we needed a sort of campaign , " White remembered . "  It all started so we could give something back in our own backyard . " She had heard about the Baby Doll tradition as a child and felt that it was a medium close to her heart . "  It 's synonymous with dance and with women , " she said . White 's revival produced the Baby Doll Ladies , with costumes , face paint , music and dances that are modern takes on the Baby Dolls of the past . Rather than using a live band , her brother DJ Hektik plays mixes of hip-hop and jazz for their choreographed performances . But White also wanted to bring back the community focus central to the Baby Doll tradition . By partnering with local schools and cultural organizations , the Baby Doll Ladies connect with youth through education and outreach programs . "  Mainly , our focus as been creating creative movement-based workshops and motivational assemblies , " she said . Led by the fully costumed Baby Doll Ladies ensemble , the group takes students from the history of jazz to modern hip-hop . The kindergarten-12th grade workshops bring a cultural history lesson to inner city youth , many of whom do n't know the history of New Orleans ' treasured music and cultural practices . "  We just treat it like we 're in Idaho , " White joked . "  We just take it from scratch with them , introducing the culture , the significance of all that 's positive about the African-American tradition . " Sine their debut at the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in 2009 and the Zulu parade during Mardi Gras 2010 , the Baby Doll Ladies have grown from a dance ensemble to an organization of women inspired to do good in their community . "  It evolved from a promiscuous background to neighborhood groups mimicking that behavior , " White said , "  to now , women of excellence . " With a group of Honorary Baby Doll Ladies , the group is has more than 40 members this year . From health professionals to bus drivers to charity organizers , each of the women inducted into the group uses her time and talents to further the Baby Doll Ladies ' mission . For White and others , the legacy of the revival was in safeguarding the history of the tradition . "  The first responsibility that we really felt was the need to preserve it , " she said . "  I could n't think past the museum . " White helped curate the first Baby Doll exhibit at the Presbytere with a group of historians and authors . Working with Baby Doll elders and the descendants of Baby Dolls , the exhibit shares their stories and traditions with artifacts in the museum . As their membership grows , the Baby Doll Ladies hope their mission to reach their community through the practice will grow as well . This year includes plans for health and wellness seminars to go along with their education outreach . "  It 's related to what these women did in the '30s and '40s , " Leathem said . "  They dressed as Baby Dolls for Mardi Gras day , but they were still a cohesive group the rest of the year . "	Baby Doll masking practice started in New Orleans about 1912 In 2005 , Millisia White and her brother started a modern revival Group 's mission is to preserve and pass on tradition through education , community service They go into schools to teach a forgotten element of New Orleans culture
Robert Dole knew his share of Washington fights -- as the Republican vice presidential and presidential nominee and as both Senate majority and minority leader . But as he celebrates his 90th birthday on Monday , he told CNN he believes the tone in Washington is much more bitter -- and that is not helping the country . "  There were a lot of differences in the days I was in the Senate , " he told CNN in a rare interview . "  But in every case we were able to work the out the differences . " Dole served in the Senate alongside several Democratic leaders who were known for their strong wills : Robert Byrd , George Mitchell and Tom Daschle . "  We disagreed , but we respected each other , " he said . "  We never had an unkind word about each other . " Now as Dole looks at today 's Congress he thinks the two parties are not doing enough to try to find a middle ground -- and that includes relying too much on the filibuster in the Senate . "  It is very frustrating . Sometimes it is just justified , do n't misunderstand me . But most of the time you ought to be able to work out a compromise that is going to be voted on , " Dole told CNN . "  Compromise has become a bad word , and I always thought in almost every case there is room for compromise . " Senate leaders should change how they use the filibuster , he said . "  There are things that should be stopped , but at least there ought to be a vote , " he said . "  It ca n't continue , this constant holding up bills . " As for what else is causing some of the rancor today , he told CNN "  the biggest problem today is the lack of trust . " Asked who is to blame for that , he put responsibility on both parties -- "  Sometimes it is the Rs  Republicans  . Sometimes it is the Ds  Democrats  . " Just last week Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , threatened a historic change regarding the rules of how presidential nominations are considered -- eliminate the ability to filibuster them if Republicans did n't allow votes on several of the president 's picks . If those changes would have gone into effect , the atmosphere in Washington would have deteriorated even more . But even the threat of the rules change created a war of words between Reid and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . This week the Senate is expected to consider a bipartisan compromise to help cap student loan rates -- a politically popular idea . But senators were able to reach agreement only after weeks of partisan haggling , several failed attempts and the intervention of President Barack Obama . Dole also sees major problems in how far his party has shifted to the right , saying a moderate from a conservative state will face problems because of "  some who do n't believe they are Republican enough . " He repeated a statement he originally made in May in a television interview as a sign of how rigid the party has become , saying , "  that is why I said that Ronald Reagan I doubt could be nominated today . And I was a conservative and supported Reagan . " Dole , who was the GOP 's 1996 presidential nominee , losing to incumbent Bill Clinton , urged his party to do a better job of trying to be more inclusive . In 2012 : Dole , Baker for embracing bipartisan politics "  I believe we ought to be reaching out to the Hispanic community , the black community and of course the middle - and upper-class community across the board , and we have n't done that , " he said , pointing to the last election as evidence . After having served eight years in the House of Representatives , he began his first term in the Senate in 1969 and served there until 1996 , when he resigned to concentrate on his run for the presidency after capturing the Republican nomination . He was Gerald Ford 's running mate in 1976 when Ford lost to Jimmy Carter . Since his time in Congress the Kansan native , the longest-serving Republican leader in the Senate , has seen a dramatic change in those serving and their goals . "  A lot of the younger members -- they are very smart . They are very capable . They have their own ideas -- start a filibuster , rather than compromise . " He cited how food stamps was added to the farm bill in the past as key to attracting support for the measure in both parties . The House earlier this month passed a scaled-down farm bill without food stamps after a version including them was defeated because it could not attract a large enough coalition . Dole , who is disabled from a World War II injury , also was disappointed last December after some of some of his own personal lobbying failed . The Senate blocked ratification of a United Nations treaty to promote the rights of disabled people . Dole , in a wheelchair , came to the Senate floor in a last ditch effort to help the treaty gain support . As for his successes , he cited the 1990 Americans with Disabilities Act as one of the bills he was most proud of because of its lasting impact and one that had bipartisan support . He was also a major fundraiser in helping get the World War II Memorial built on the National Mall . Dole , who is special counsel in the Washington law firm of Alston & Bird 's legislative and public policy group , spends his time with his wife , former Sen. Elizabeth Dole , in Washington but is mostly out of public view . He is a co-founder of the Bipartisan Policy Center and works to support a political institute named in in his honor at the University of Kansas . Dole has suffered from several illnesses in recent years , and spent 11 months at Walter Reed Army Hospital in 2010 after a bout with pneumonia . President George W. Bush appointed Dole in 2007 to a panel investigating conditions at the hospital . "  I never really thought I wanted to spend that much time there , " he joked at a 2011 appearance honoring the 50th anniversary of his being first elected to Congress . Asked about the milestone of his 90th birthday , Dole said "  It 's going to be a special day . I do n't know how many people reach 90 , " adding "  I am kind of excited about it . " Many friends and old staff members will gather Tuesday for a party celebrating his special day .	Dole says that in his time , lawmakers were able to work out their differences 1996 GOP presidential candidate says neither party is looking for middle ground now Dole blames Republicans and Democrats equally for a lack of trust Old friends and staff members will gather Tuesday for a birthday celebration
CNN  -- The number of civilians who have fled from the Central African Republic since a conflict began there in December has risen to 37,000 , the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR said Friday . More than 30,800 of them have sought refuge in the neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo , according to the U.N. People continue to go there and other nearby nations , the agency said . "  Over the last two weeks our offices have reported fresh arrivals into Chad , Cameroon and Democratic Republic of the Congo , " UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards told journalists in Geneva . A coalition of rebels ousted the Central African Republic 's president , Francois Bozize , last month , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence from France in 1960 . Last year , several rebel groups under the umbrella name of Seleka started seizing parts of the country . In January , the rebels and the government brokered a peace deal that included a cease-fire and an agreement to form a unity government led by Bozize . But that deal fell apart as the rebel coalition pushed its way from its base in the north toward Bangui , seizing towns along the way . The U.N. refugee agency said it is working with authorities in the countries where the refugees are arriving to provide protection and assistance . UNHCR teams are distributing aid and setting up emergency shelters , Edwards said . "  Many left their homes in a hurry and were unable to bring personal belongings with them . People are either without places to live or being accommodated by local families -- who themselves live in extreme poverty , " Edwards said . READ MORE : What 's behind the turmoil in the Central African Republic READ MORE : After coup , looters target hospitals in Central African Republic READ MORE : Central African Republic president fled to Cameroon CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	Count includes those who have fled since clashes between rebels , government started last year U.N. : More than 30,800 of the refugees have fled to neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo Rebels sized Central African Republic 's capital and ousted president last month
Growing up in Louisiana and Texas in the home of a part-time deputy sheriff , guns were a constant presence in Robin 's childhood . Her father 's hunting rifles were not hidden in a safe but proudly displayed in a cabinet , she said . When he was n't wearing his pistol , it hung in his holster from a rocking chair in the living room in case he needed it -- and a shotgun sat atop the refrigerator for further defense . Robin , who asked that her last name not be used to protect her family 's privacy , was 5 years old when she fired her first round from a real gun under her father 's instruction -- a .38 special bullet from a .357 Magnum . He had seen her laughing while using her BB gun and did n't think she took guns seriously . He brought a container of red Kool-Aid out to the yard as a target . She missed , but remembers being "  knocked on her caboose " by the force of the shot . She also remembers watching the jug explode as her father hit the target with a .410 shotgun . Read more : Gun violence task force begins work "  After that , guns were respected and not handled unless given permission and with supervision , " said the 37-year-old married mother of three from Locust Grove , Georgia . "  I had a healthy fear of them , but was not afraid of them . " As she and her husband started a family , there was never a question as to whether firearms would be in the home or whether their children would learn how to use them , she said . Last week 's school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , has renewed debate over the wisdom of keeping guns in homes with children in light of information that alleged shooter Adam Lanza grew up with guns and went target shooting with his mother . While some studies show that keeping a gun in the home increases the risk of injury and death , a recent Pew survey found a higher percentage of Americans saying that gun ownership does more to protect people from crime  48 %  than put their safety at risk  37 %  . Read more : In just seconds , a boy , a gun , a death , then grief A 1998 study of injuries and death due to firearms in the home found that for every time a gun in the home was used in a self-defense or legally justifiable shooting , there were four unintentional shootings , seven criminal assaults or homicides , and 11 attempted or completed suicides . While some Americans rethink gun control , Robin said the the Sandy Hook shooting has confirmed her belief that it 's her job to protect her children and teach them to defend themselves . She has no intention of getting rid of her firearms and still plans on giving her sons BB guns as Christmas gifts . "  It has reinforced the idea that a madman can grab a gun and use it ; it has reinforced my desire to have a way to protect my children , " she said . "  We know that guns do n't kill people , bad people do . As responsible parents , it is our job to protect our family , and the best way to do that is to be prepared and armed , if that time comes . " Read more : Masculinity , mental illness and guns : A lethal equation ? She 's not alone . Robin and other parents who keep firearms in the home say the lesson of the Sandy Hook tragedy is not that we need more gun control but that we need more parental involvement in children 's lives . Parents should teach children how to deal with guns responsibly . "  A healthy fear and respect for guns is what is needed in America , " she said . "  It 's up to us as parents to help our children understand that these are not toys , but not to be afraid of them if they ever need to use them . " Assessing a child 's mental and physical capacity to use a gun is the first step in determining whether to place one in their hands , said firearms instructor Tim Mulheron , who is certified by the National Rifle Association as an instructor in pistol , rifle and shotgun safety . Knowing whether a child can be trusted around guns should also determine where parents keep them . "  If you have an environment where you do n't trust your kids , you should n't have guns out , and it 's the parent 's responsibility to assess that , " he said . Mulheron introduced his daughter to firearms when she was 9 by letting her help clean parts , he said . Sitting kids down and taking the gun apart so they can learn what each piece helps gauge their willingness to learn , he said . If they appear to genuinely listen , they 're ready to move on , he said . "  Teaching your kids how guns work and to understand what they do and what happens when they go off is very important , " he said . "  Kids have an incurable curiosity -- that 's the first thing that gets everyone in trouble . If you train a child it takes the mystery away so they know what is and see what it does . " Read more : Will media stay focused on gun story ? From there , the instruction is the same as it is for adults , he said . He takes them through the four rules of gun safety and how to load and unload ammunition , before moving on to how to pick up , hold and aim a gun . Only then does he consider taking them to the range . The NRA offers a program that teaches children steps to take if they find a gun -- stop , do n't touch , leave the area and tell an adult . Otherwise , there 's no hard age limit or minimum on when to begin introducing children to firearms , he said . It 's up to a parent to decide when a child is physically able to hold a firearm and mentally prepared to understand its consequences . "  As a responsible parent , you should n't own guns without the proper mindset and awareness of what your children can and can not do , " he said . Westley McDuffie gave his son his first .22 caliber single shot rifle last Christmas , when the boy was 6 years old . His daughter , who is now 6 , might get one from her grandfather for Christmas this year . The family lives on two acres of land in Loganville , Georgia , where McDuffie has set up metal targets for his children to practice on . Both of his children have demonstrated that they can follow directions and respect basic firearm safety , leading McDuffie to decide they have earned their own weapons . After all , if they 're going to handle guns , they need ones that fit them right , he said . Kids and guns : What 's your parenting style ? McDuffie , retired from the U.S. Army , has a personal stash of 15 pistols , shotguns and rifles  kept out of children 's reach , he said  for target practice and home protection . They live far out in the country , he said , too long a drive to wait for law enforcement to come in an emergency . "  The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , " he said . Read more : America 's attitude toward guns ? He would never force his children to shoot if they did n't like it , he said . But it 's important to him that they know how to if the need arises . He suggested that if the staff at Sandy Hook Elementary School had been armed , things might have gone differently . McDuffie and Robin agreed that they would not allow their children access to firearms if they had behavioral issues or did not appear to respect weapons . Read more : 6-year-old dies a day after being shot -- by a 4-year-old As soon as her daughter was old enough to realize that they had a gun safe in the bedroom , Robin brought her to her father to learn gun safety . "  I knew she needed to have that same healthy fear and respect of guns , to ensure her safety , " she said . Like her mother , the teen remembers the force of firing her first weapon under the instruction of her grandfather . She is 15 now and knows how to shoot BB guns , handguns , rifles , shotguns even an AR-15 , her mother said . She feels comfortable leaving her home alone with her younger brothers knowing that she has the code to the gun safe if she needs to use it . The teen said it 's not a responsibility that she takes lightly . "  It 's for our safety , " she said . "  I have a lot of respect for them . I do n't see it as fun or cool , but if I 'm ever in a situation where I need a gun , I know what to do and I 'm not scared . " Read more : acting on gun control	Parents say Connecticut school shooting reinforces need for guns in home If keeping guns in the home , children should know how to use , mother says "  It 's up to us as parents to help our children understand that these are not toys , " mother says It 's up to parents to determine if child is mature enough to use guns , gun safety instructor says
Baghdad  CNN  -- Wearing hooded sweatshirts , baseball hats and sports gear , the five young men alternated between nodding their heads to the rhythm and taking hold of the microphone to pour out their anger , their insights , their pain . "  No matter if you 're Muslim , no matter if you 're Christian , no matter the religion , we all are human , " intones DK . The scene and sounds would n't be unusual in many U.S. cities , where rap has been part of urban culture for decades . But this is Baghdad . Members of the Smashing Hits , as the quintet calls itself , are aware that their music may seem out of place in Iraq . Traditionally , the Middle Eastern country is better known for sounds emanating from instruments like the oud and rebab , rather than from a microphone or turntable . Yet this group not only embraces American culture , it literally speaks its language -- modeling American idols Eminem and the late Tupac Shakur , and rapping exclusively in English rather than the native tongue of Arabic . The reason for that choice is that they want people in the West to understand what 's really happening in their homeland . "  It 's ... a message to the West ... to make them know who we are , things we can do here -- not just the violence , the terrorists , " said Thoulfiqar Harith , or Fop , the group 's 19-year-old founder . Beyond speaking English , they feel that rap offers them an authentic , powerful medium to express what they see and how they feel . That 's why , for the past two years , the friends say they have recorded self-written tracks inside a small studio and rapped at outside venues . While they hope their music will catch on , for now they say they fund the effort themselves . During a recent performance before a small audience in a city field , the dark side of Baghdad was woven into many of their lyrics , as is the sentiment than many outside Iraq do n't really understand what the situation is like . Rapped one member , "  We livin ' in hell and nobody hears our calls ; everyday in Baghdad , our tears do fall . " The hurt , and thus the lyrics , are raw and personal for men like DK , or Omar Ayad . His best friend Fadi , a 25-year-old neighbor whom he worked with at a newspaper , was among 70 killed on October 31 , when militants stormed Baghdad 's Sayidat al-Nejat Cathedral , or Our Lady of Salvation Church . Afterward , he penned a rap railing against the attackers who "  in the name of Allah  tried  to kill my brother , " as well as the "  dead bodies in the streets . " A Muslim , Ayad said he grew up with many Christian friends , who have been increasingly targeted around the country because of their religion . The church siege , and the violence overall , hit him hard . But he said that he 's glad to have an outlet with the Smashing Hits , not just to voice his feelings but also to bond with friends . "  The most important thing is they are really , really good guys , " Ayad said of his fellow group members . "  It 's really hard to find people with good hearts , big hearts . "	Smashing Hits is an English-language rap group based in Baghdad Its five members rap about life in Iraq , aiming to send "  a message to the West " One member says some of his lyrics are inspired by the deadly October 31 church siege
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Two Chinese destroyers and a supply ship set sail Friday for the Gulf of Aden on a mission to protect Chinese merchant ships from an increasing number of pirate attacks occurring in the waters off Somalia , state media reported . China has reportedly been working to rapidly modernize its fleet . The Navy fleet left from a port in Sanya city in the southernmost island province of Hainan at 1:50 p.m. , according to Xinhua news agency . It marks the first time Chinese naval vessels have left Chinese waters in centuries . They will will join a multinational naval force already patrolling the area , including vessels from the United States , NATO member states , Russia and India . "  This demonstrates that the Chinese government is committed to the international community and a responsible player and a major country in the world , " Rear Admiral Xiao Xinnian told reporters when the mission was announced last week . The ships are carrying two helicopters and special operations forces , officials said . Figures from the International Maritime Bureau for the year-to-date show pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels and hijacked nearly 40 off the coast of Somalia . The all-important Gulf of Aden links the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea . Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year . China 's move is one of the latest reactions to piracy in the gulf . A top Japanese official said Wednesday that Tokyo was considering sending vessels to join the effort . Meanwhile , German sailors on Thursday foiled an attempt by pirates to hijack an Egyptian cargo ship off the coast of Yemen , the German Defense Ministry said . The German navy frigate Karlsruhe responded to an emergency call from the Wabi Al Arab Thursday morning , sending helicopters to the stricken vessel . When the helicopters arrived , the pirates broke off the attack , the ministry said . A crew member on the Wabi Al Arab was wounded when the pirates attempted to board the vessel . He was flown by helicopter for treatment aboard the Karlsruhe , the ministry said . The German sailors captured the pirates and disarmed them , destroying the weapons , the ministry said . China 's navy is considered a "  brown-water fleet " -- designed to operate almost exclusively along its coast . But the country has reportedly been working to rapidly modernize its navy for the past several years . Chinese officials have said their mission would last as long as is necessary and in accordance with U.N. Security Council regulations . The U.N. Security Council passed a resolution last week aimed at combating piracy along the Horn of Africa by allowing military forces to chase pirate onto land in cases of "  hot pursuit . " The Security Council resolution , which passed unanimously , expands upon existing counter-piracy tools , including a stipulation that would allow for national and regional military forces to chase pirates onto land -- specifically into Somalia , where many of the pirates have their bases . Among the victims of pirate attacks have been cargo ships , oil tankers and luxury yachts . At least one major company pulled its ships from the Gulf of Aden region this year , meaning cargo bound for Europe had to round the African continent rather than use the Suez Canal .	It 's the first time Chinese naval vessels have left Chinese waters in centuries They will will join a multinational naval force already patrolling the area Pirates have hijacked nearly 40 vessels off the coast of Somalia Some 20,000 tankers , freighters and vessels pass along the key route annually
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Candace Bushnell is a New Yorker and the author of five novels , including the best-selling "  Sex and the City " and "  Lipstick Jungle " . She tells My City_My Life about her marriage , real life in New York and the secrets of her success . Candace Bushnell . "  In New York you 're going to see sides of human nature that you 're going to be shocked by . " CNN : How would you describe your work ? Candace Bushnell : I try to write about the human condition , and shopping , materialism and consumerism comes into that , because America is a very consumerist economy . CNN : Tell me about when you first arrived in New York . CB : I first arrived in New York in 1979 . I was 19 and I was going to University in Houston , Texas , and I decided that I knew what I wanted to do and it was time to go and do it . I literally ran away from college . Then I went to an acting school , "  HB Studio " and I moved into this apartment with three other girls who wanted to be actresses . Of course , they were all waitresses so I was a waitress . Watch Candace Bushnell take CNN on a tour of New York . " I was incredibly determined -- I wrote short stories , I wrote the beginnings of novels . I wrote a little children 's book and sent it to the editor-in-chief of the children 's division of Simon and Schuster and she asked me to write a little children 's book for a series she was doing . I got paid $ 1,000 for it and I was like "  Oh my god , who says you ca n't make it in New York right away ! " Of course that little dream crashed in about a month . CNN : So you did n't have an overnight success ? CB : I was a freelancer all through my twenties . I did about one story a month and I wanted to write fiction , so the stories that I would do were precursors to "  Sex and the City . " I started working for the NY Observer when I was 33 . After I had been writing for them for about a year and a half the editor said , "  Your stories are the most talked about stories in the Observer , you should have your own column . " I was paid $ 1000 a column and the reason was that the column "  Sex and the City . " was so popular that they sold newspapers and advertising off it . See photos of Candace Bushnell 's New York . " People in New York were faxing it to their friends who worked in the movie business in LA and almost immediately I was getting phone calls from movie producers who wanted to buy it and ABC and HBC wanted to buy it . It started as a seed , with an absolute truth that people may agree with or it may disturb them . It disturbs me sometimes when I read it because it 's very wrong and very honest . I think most call it cynicism but I call it realism -- it is absolutely raw reality . It was never written for a big audience and it was never written to make people feel good . It was written as the truth in a humorous way . CNN : How do you feel about the TV series ? CB : I think the reason why the TV series has continued , and has continued as a movie , is that they have never lost the authenticity of the column . CNN : How would you describe New York today ? CB : It 's a very , very busy place and it 's a city where everybody has a place to go and a million things to do . It certainly can be a very stressful city but it can also be an incredibly exciting city . It is a place where your dreams can come true . It 's also a city where you 're going to see sides of human nature that you 're going to be shocked by . New York is a city where , if you are open minded , when you walk out of your apartment you do n't know what could happen . CNN : What do you do to get away from it ? CB : I go to Connecticut and I look at bugs and I do n't socialize . If I 'm here for 10 days in a row I 'm exhausted . When I was younger the energy really fed me . This is a city of energy vampires -- people really feed on each others ' energies and that 's why New Yorkers talk fast and gesture and they 'll come in and say "  Oh my god you wo n't believe what happened ! " That 's a normal greeting in New York . CNN : What was it like to get married and stop being the single girl ? CB : Charles -LSB- Askegard , a principal dancer with the NYC ballet -RSB- and I met at the NYC Spring Gala seven years ago . It was really a magical moment because I was 43 and I had kind of given up on that . I was cynical about relationships and I was n't sure about marriage -- I was always very worried that marriage was stifling . But when I saw Charles across the room I thought , "  That 's the man you 're going to marry . " We met and we talked and I thought , "  This is the nicest guy I have ever met in my life , " and we went to a club and we danced and we kissed . We got married two months after we met . CNN : Can you describe New York in 5 words ? CB : It 's exciting , passionate , fast paced , straightforward and , strangely enough , it 's friendly .	Candace Bushnell is the author of five novels , including Sex and the City For over 30 years she has lived in New York , "  a city of energy vampires " "  Sex and the City was never written to make people feel good , " she says She was cynical about relationships until she met her husband Charles
CNN  -- Never during its 92 year history has the NFL experienced anything like this : battles everywhere , but not inside stadiums . They 're occurring in federal courtrooms , where more than 100 former players are suing the league over various health issues they claim were caused by negligence on the part of everybody from the commissioner to trainers to coaches . Then there is The Dissenter . The more Lester Hayes spoke on the other end of the phone from his home in Modesto , California , the more he delivered a blindsided sack to conventional wisdom . This was after I asked the former cornerback great for the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders whether coaches , team executives or even leagues are responsible for the epidemic of long-term injuries to current and former players . Does brain injury link NFL players , wounded warriors ? Hayes responded with the speed of a blitz . Despite his lifelong battle with stuttering , he said clearly , "  It 's all on the players , not anybody else , because the players have the same gladiator genes that existed in Rome over 2,000 years ago . They have a love of football to the 10th power . So the players make the final call . Trust me . No matter what they are told by doctors or anybody else , they will fight to play . " Let that sink in for a moment . Now consider that a slew of Hayes ' former NFL peers disagree . Big time . In fact , Pro Football Hall of Fame runner Eric Dickerson just joined all those other retired players in filing lawsuits in federal courts alleging that the league has n't done enough to protect players from concussions and other football-related injuries . Ohio State linebacker choosing career over concussions There also have been at least 12 suicides involving former NFL players during the last 25 years , including perennial Pro Bowl defenders Junior Seau and Dave Duerson within the last 14 months . According to the suing players , such tragedies are related to the league 's negligence in fully explaining the health risk of concussions to players . Not only that , the suing players claim the league is n't allocating enough of its estimated $ 9 billion in total revenue each season toward the proper care of its current and former players suffering from head trauma and other football-related injuries . All Hayes knows is that , at 57 and in the midst of his decades-long run as a football youth coach in Modesto , his health is just fine after his 10 years with the Raiders through 1986 . No knee or back troubles . Definitely no post-concussion woes . Remember , too , that Hayes played during that generation of Raiders teams noted for mixing it up so much that he said the collisions "  sounded like a 12-gauge shotgun blast . " He contributed to more than a few of those blasts with noted enforcers for the Raiders such as Jack Tatum , George Atkinson , Ted Hendricks and John Matuszak . Along Hayes ' way to five Pro Bowls , two Super Bowl rings and 1980 NFL Player of the Year honors , he was known as everything from Lester The Molester to The Judge to The Only True Jedi . Now just call him The Dissenter . "  Lord , have mercy . It 's so much safer to play in the NFL these days than during my time , " Hayes said , referring to the NFL Players Association joining former players in urging the league to make things even safer . The league has responded . You 've had NFL commissioner Roger Goodell doing everything from moving kickoffs up five yards  to reduce the number of injuries on kickoff returns  to delivering heavy fines to defenders who slam into quarterbacks too harshly . There also are strict guidelines for teams to follow when a player has just the hint of a concussion . Hayes chuckled , saying , "  We did n't have any guidelines . You could actually lead with your face mask  as a defender  -- putting your face mask on an opposing player 's face mask , without a $ 15,000 fine . You could throw a forearm shiver to the throat . People played with broken bones . Guys would carry smelling salt in their socks , so if you got a little woozy on the field , you 'd reach into your sock for help . " Then there was the "  secret room . " According to Hayes , it was a staple for the Raiders . "  I do n't know what other teams had , but I 'm sure they had something that was similar , " he said , referring to the place at stadiums that players visited on game days to receive a series of painkilling shots . That said , Hayes said Raiders team doctor Robert Rosenfeld spent more time trying to talk him and other players out of taking the shots than otherwise . "  It was 1985 , and I had never missed a game , and me and Dr. Rosenfeld were going at it -- back and forth , and I 'm begging him , just pleading and screaming at him , ` Doc , I 've got to play . Give me the shot , ' " said Hayes , recalling what was a lengthy shouting match at the time on how to handle his strained calf muscle . "  The Doc is telling me , ` Lester , take a few days off . I do n't like shooting muscle . ' But it 's going back and forth , with me yelling . And God rest his soul , he would n't back down , not until I just forced him to do it . He always showed a lot of love and compassion . " I encountered Rosenfeld , who died in 1994 , as a Raiders beat writer for the San Francisco Examiner during the early 1980s , so I know Hayes speaks the truth -- for some Raiders . As for others , not so much . While offensive lineman Curt Marsh blamed the amputation of his right foot on a misdiagnosis by Rosenfeld , defensive end Pat Toomay once told ESPN that the typical response of Rosenfeld to most injuries was , "  You 're OK . It 's just a bruise . " Hayes said in response , "  Listen , I 'm waiting there outside of the secret room , observing , listening to Doc tell players , ` Sit out . Sit out . ' They would n't do it , because they were gladiators , and Mr. Davis had instilled such a will of winning into each of us that we had to get out there . " That is Mr. Davis , as in the late Al Davis , the notoriously hard-driving owner of the Raiders from 1963 until his death in October . His motto was "  Just win , baby , " which makes you wonder . "  No , no , no . Mr. Davis never pressured us to play , " Hayes said . "  He never , never did . It was always the player 's call . You ca n't blame Mr. Davis , and you ca n't blame the doctors , because a lot of guys see stars  as in being physically dazed  on the field , but that gladiator gene takes over . I never saw Dr. Rosenfeld apply pressure in the secret room , except to try to put us in street clothes on game days . " The Dissenter laughed , adding , "  In the 21st century , I do n't know if secret rooms still exist . " If we knew , they would n't be secret .	Terence Moore says there 's an "  epidemic of long-term injuries " to past and present NFL players Former players ' lawsuits allege NFL did n't help protect them from concussions and other injuries Former Raiders cornerback Lester Hayes argues injuries are players ' faults Hayes told Moore players will essentially ignore doctors ' orders for love of the game
CNN  -- U.N. military helicopters Sunday pounded heavy weapons positions of fighters loyal to self-declared Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo , United Nations officials said . Choi Young-jin , head of the U.N. mission in the country , said pro-Gbagbo forces were shelling the Golf Hotel in Abidjan , where the country 's internationally recognized president Alassane Ouattara is staying , and "  today they began to shell our quarters " -- the section of the hotel in which the U.N. forces are headquartered -- as well . "  So we decided we can not pass this moment without action , " Choi said . Together with the French military , U.N. forces targeted key positions . Choi said there were "  several camps " belonging to the Gbagbo loyalists . "  We are taking them out . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he ordered the military operation Sunday "  to prevent the use of heavy weapons which threaten the civilian population of Abidjan and our peacekeepers . " The U.N. mission does not extend to extracting Gbagbo from his residence , Choi said . It would be up to pro-Ouattara forces to oust Gbagbo , he said . Ban renewed his call for Gbagbo "  to step aside immediately . " "  Civilians are bearing the brunt of the violence , " the secretary-general said . "  The fighting must stop . Mr. Gbagbo needs to step aside immediately . " Gbagbo 's forces had attacked the Golf Hotel Saturday as well . U.N. forces fired back at the time , said Hamadoun Toure , spokesman for the U.N. mission in Ivory Coast . "  We stand ready to protect the Golf Hotel , as we have a mandate , " he told CNN . Toure added that Gbagbo loyalists continue to control three main areas -- the presidential palace , Gbagbo 's residence and the state television station , RTI . He said the French military and U.N. forces are in charge of the Abidjan port . Violence erupted after Ivory Coast 's disputed presidential election in November and escalated into all-out war when Ouattara 's forces launched an offensive that brought them into Abidjan . As Gbagbo has refused to cede power , the political stalemate has plunged the West African nation into crisis . The U.N. human rights office said Friday that its investigators found more than 100 bodies over 24 hours in three Côte d'Ivoire towns . Gbagbo 's forces used a lull in fighting last week as a "  trick " to reinforce their positions around the Abidjan , according to Alain Le Roy , the head of United Nations peacekeeping operations . They said Tuesday they wanted a peaceful solution to the months-long fighting , but soon resumed shelling both the U.N. headquarters and the civilian population , Le Roy told reporters at the United Nations . Since then , they have regained control of two central areas of Abidjan and fighting is continuing , Le Roy said Friday , after briefing the U.N. Security Council on developments in the cocoa-producing nation . "  They have clearly used the lull of Tuesday as a trick to reinforce their position , " he said . Mark Toner , acting deputy spokesman for the U.S. State Department , released a statement Saturday echoing that idea . "  It is clear that Gbagbo 's attempts at negotiation this week were nothing more than a ruse to regroup and rearm . Gbagbo 's continued attempt to force a result that he could not obtain at the ballot box reveals his callous disregard for the welfare of the Ivoirian people , who will again suffer amid renewed heavy fighting in Abidjan , " he said . Most areas of the capital , however , are now under U.N. or French military control , journalist Seyi Rhodes reported from the French military base in Port Bouet . The French military has been working to reconnect the disrupted water and electricity supply in what is the country 's main city . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report	The U.N. secretary-general ordered an attack to protect civilians , peacekeepers Gbagbo loyalists were endangering civilians , a U.N. official says "  We are taking out " several positions , the official says The U.N. found more than 100 bodies over 24 hours
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama 's effort to bridge the trust deficit between African-Americans and law enforcement , the money wars heading into 2016 , a little CPAC history and a "  do not reply " mandate fill our Sunday trip around the "  Inside Politics " table : 1 . Winning CPAC once meant little , but are Rand Paul 's multiple wins just the ticket ? Rand Paul won his third consecutive CPAC presidential straw poll this weekend , and most political journalists yawned -- and understandably so . There have been 20 previous CPAC straw polls , and only in four of those cases has the winner ended up as the Republican presidential nominee . And in all four of those cases , it was in the actual election year . Never has a winner in the year before the presidential vote -- like this year -- gone on to win the nomination . So Sen. Paul should n't rush to measure the White House drapes . But he is now in special company : He 's in a tie for CPAC wins  three  with Ronald Reagan and Jack Kemp . Mitt Romney is the all-time leader with four CPAC wins . Ron Paul has two . So winning once is more or less meaningless , but winning twice or more ? The Pauls -- Rand and Ron -- are the only two men with at least two CPAC wins who have not appeared on the GOP ticket .  Kemp was Bob Dole 's VP nominee . It 's one more way , we can assume , that Rand Paul hopes to get some separation from his dad heading into 2016 . 2 . POTUS hopes for action -- and legacy item -- in law enforcement arena Washington will be consumed this week with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's speech to Congress and the continuing fight over funding the Department of Homeland Security . But Nia-Malika Henderson of The Washington Post took us inside another big event : a report from the task force Obama established post-Ferguson to study the tensions between law enforcement and African-Americans . "  The White House has said that they have been surprised by so many areas of commonality between these activists and law enforcement officials who were on this task force , " said Henderson . "  Other people say the gulf is as wide as you might imagine . " Henderson adds that the President does n't want this report to gather dust on the shelf but casts doubts over whether this will be part of Obama 's record . "  Whether or not it will be a legacy item , we 'll have to see . That will probably depend on legislation , and that seems fairly unlikely . " 3 . The super PAC campaign : Millions are OK , but billions rule There is always a money race in presidential politics . But the times are changing . Candidates need to raise cash for their actual campaign committees , but that effort is taking a back seat to the bigger money chase . Jonathan Martin of The New York Times shared some reporting on the race to win over big -- as in billionaire -- support for the super PACs that now dominate the world of political finance . Martin noted it 's March 1 , and "  not a single candidate has set up an actual campaign committee . " "  They have , though , set up super PACs , and this has dramatically changed politics . The donors most coveted now are billionaires with a ` B , ' those -LSB- who -RSB- can stroke seven - , eight-figure checks and the year of the bundlers who can raise a few hundred thousand dollars is seemingly passe . " 4 . Go West : The states are blue , but the money chase is bipartisan It 's not really a risk to say California , Oregon and Washington will go blue -- Democratic -- in the 2016 presidential race . So why , then , are many Republican hopefuls heading West , especially to Silicon Valley ? It 's all about the cash . Obama dominated high-tech fundraising in 2008 and 2012 . Bloomberg 's Lisa Lerer traveled West recently as Hillary Clinton made a pitch for help this time around . She reports that Clinton has many friends , but that there is a fierce and bipartisan competition for money out West . "  This time she 'll ... have competition from an unlikely source , Rand Paul , who 's opened an office there . He 's hoping to tap into the libertarian vein of some of the Silicon Valley money . Jeb Bush has also been meeting with tech executives . " "  It 's not clear who 's going capture this new and growing source of wealth for elections that are supposed to cost over $ 1 billion on each side , but one thing 's sure . We 'll see lots of candidates and staffers making many trips down the 101 . " 5 . DO NOT REPLY : Your government 's guide to a partial shutdown A temporary fix keeps the Department of Homeland Security running at full steam this week , but Congress will be trying to find a longer-term solution next . So department workers still have to prepare and sort out whether they would have to work -- or would be furloughed -- in the event funding expires . Ed O'Keefe of The Washington Post gave us a glimpse at the contingency planning , obtaining a memo sent to relevant workers as it appeared Congress might not reach even a temporary deal before the Friday night deadline . "  Buried deep in there on page 23 -- a little note to the 15 % of DHS workers who might have been furloughed : you can check your email but you can not hit reply , " said O'Keefe . "  You were allowed to check for the status of the furlough but to hit reply or to engage anyone on email might result in severe penalties . " "  So you would get paid after a shutdown , but you were n't allowed to check your email . Perhaps a silver lining to the possibility of the shutdown . "	Could President Obama 's legacy include fixing Ferguson ? Rand Paul , Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton compete for Silicon Valley cash Will 2016 be the year of the super PAC election ?
CNN  Prominent Egyptian activist Alaa Abdel-Fattah was sentenced Monday to five years in prison and fined $ 13,000 on charges of protesting and assaulting police . Eighteen others were sentenced to three years in prison and also fined $ 13,000 each . The case dates back to November 2013 when the controversial protest law was issued by the government . Dozens demonstrated against the military trial of civilians outside the Shoura Council where the committee writing the country 's constitution was meeting . Police later dispersed the crowd and arrested dozens of activists . It was the first day the law had come into effect . Police accused demonstrators of failing to acquire permission . Activists who refuse to recognize the legislation say the police violated the law by using excessive force . Ahmed Abdel-Rahman -- who , like Abdel-Fattah , was also sentenced to 5 years -- was not a protester , but a bystander who intervened to protect women assaulted by plainclothes policemen that day , lawyers told the court . "  It does n't make any sense .  Egpytian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi  says yesterday ` I 'm going to release the young people ' and today we get these sentences , " said Khaled Dawood , spokesman of the Constitution Party , in reference to el-Sisi 's speech the night before in which he announced the imminent release of youth wrongfully held in prisons . Dawood told CNN this and similar sentences contribute to the closure of political space and dissuade youth from constructive political engagement . The 24 defendants were previously sentenced to 15 years . This was their retrial , seen by the same judge presiding over the Al Jazeera journalists ' retrial . Five defendants did n't file the appeal , were tried in absentia and consequently their 15-year sentences were upheld . One final stage of appeal is left . Abdel-Fattah , one of the leading opposition voices , was repeatedly imprisoned by consecutive regimes . It 's the first time he has been convicted . Several other prominent activists -- including his youngest sister Sanaa and Ahmed Maher , co-founder of the April 6 Youth Movement -- have been convicted of violating the protest law .	Alaa Abdel-Fattah , one of the leading opposition voices in Egypt , gets a 5-year sentence He was convicted on charges of protesting and assaulting police
CNN  -- For nearly six years , hundreds of letters , most containing a suspicious white powder , were sent through the mail , addressed to President Barack Obama , members of Congress , hotels near the Super Bowl , schools , companies and others . And over that time , no one was arrested -- until Monday . That 's when Hong Minh Truong , 66 , of the Dallas suburb of Rowlett , was picked up by the FBI and the Postal Inspection Service . According to a law enforcement complaint filed in federal court , more than 500 hoax letters were mailed since 2008 from the North Texas area to cities across the United States and to U.S. Embassies abroad . The Justice Department said none of the letters contained any poison or toxins , but they still required an emergency response to determine whether they were harmful . Some letters did not contain any powder . The language used in the letters as well as the method for sending them indicate that Truong was responsible , authorities said . The Justice Department said the letters were sent to government offices , aerospace companies , schools , day care facilities , and hotels in the vicinity of this year 's Super Bowl . Separately , multiple sources familiar with the matter told CNN the letters were also addressed to Obama and members of Congress . Texas actress who sent Obama ricin sentenced to 18 years CNN 's Evan Perez , Shimon Prokupecz and Jason Morris contributed to this report .	Letters sent from Dallas area to President , members of Congress , schools , businesses Authorities arrest man after an investigation that took nearly six years None of the letters contained anything harmful , but still required an emergency response
Cleveland , Ohio  CNN  -- Michelle Knight , one of three women kidnapped by Ariel Castro , returned Friday to the Cleveland house where she was chained up and tormented for 11 years , a neighbor said . The visit came a day after Knight came face-to-face with Castro , telling him during a sentencing hearing : "  I spent 11 years in hell , and now your hell is just beginning . " Castro was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years . Knight , 32 , stood outside the house at 2207 Seymour Avenue , looking at where she and two other women -- Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus -- had been held for years , neighbor Altagracia Tejeda said through a translator . Then she walked across the street to Tejeda 's house , she said . It was Tejeda 's house where Berry and her 6-year-old daughter fled after making their escape May 6 from Castro 's house . It was there , using a cell phone , that Berry made her now famous 911 call : "  Help me , I am Amanda Berry . I 've been kidnapped and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here . I 'm free now . " On Friday , Knight thanked Tejeda and others for helping in the women 's rescue . During her captivity , Knight said had glimpsed Tejeda on her porch . A couple of times over the years , Tejeda said she saw what she believed was a young girl through a screen door at Castro 's house . She later learned the girl was actually a diminutive woman . It was Knight . "  Did you see me ? " Knight asked , according to Tejeda . Her answer : Yes .	Michelle Knight , 32 , was held by Ariel Castro for 11 years Knight thanked residents on Seymour Avenue who helped in her rescue Altagracia Tejeda says Knight asked : "  Did you see me ? "
A lab mix-up involving a deadly flu virus strain added to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's public relations nightmare this summer . On Friday , the public health agency released the results of its internal investigation into the incident , along with a series of reports on actions being taken to ensure lab safety protocols are being properly followed . In May , CDC lab workers unintentionally mixed a low pathogenic , or non-dangerous , avian influenza virus sample with a potentially deadly virus called H5N1 , then shipped the sample to an external lab run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture . The H5N1 strain has killed millions of birds and infected more than 600 people over the last decade . But no one appears to have been at-risk of being infected during the incident since the sample was stored and shipped properly , according to the CDC reports . "  The contamination most likely happened due to the failure of a laboratory scientist to adhere to established best practices and the absence of an approved laboratory team-specific protocol for the work being done , " the reports concluded . Dr. Tom Frieden , the CDC 's director , found out about the H5N1 incident nearly six weeks after it happened , something he called at the time "  most distressing . " This delay in reporting the cross-contamination was due to "  a lack of awareness and understanding about reporting requirements for Select Agents , " according to the reports . Around the same time he heard about the flu incident , Frieden was dealing with the possible exposure of up to 86 of his workers to anthrax . Anthrax investigation turns up ` distressing ' issues at CDC Michael Farrell , who headed the Bioterrorism Rapid Response and Advanced Technology Laboratory involved , submitted his resignation in July . He had been reassigned from his post in June after the anthrax incident was made public . CDC lab director resigns after anthrax incident The CDC says the potential anthrax exposure happened between June 6 and 13 . The bioterrorism lab had been preparing anthrax samples for use in two other labs on the CDC 's Atlanta campus and failed to deactivate the samples adequately . According to another CDC investigation report , the exposure happened because the lab did n't use an approved sterilization technique . It did n't have a written plan reviewed by senior staff to make sure all safety protocols were followed , and there was a limited knowledge of peer-reviewed literature about the process that would make it less dangerous . The lab also did not have a standard operating procedure that would make sure the transfer of the material would be safe . Bottom line : "  The scientists failed to follow a scientifically derived and reviewed protocol that would have assured the anthrax was deactivated , " Frieden said last month . It "  should have happened , and it did n't . " As a result of these problems , the CDC has stopped transferring materials in and out of its highest-level labs . "  The moratorium will remain in place pending lab-by-lab review of policies and procedures for laboratory safety and security , " the CDC says . CDC 's lab problems have ripple effect on other outbreaks Frieden plans to appoint a CDC director of laboratory safety , and establish a working group to review safety protocols . "  The work of safety is never complete , " Dr. Michael Bell , interim director of laboratory safety , said in a statement . "  We will continue to take all necessary steps to maintain safety and advance CDC 's critical laboratory science work , so that CDC labs are the most scientifically rigorous and the safest in the world . "	CDC lab workers unintentionally mixed non-dangerous flu strain with H5N1 Reports : Contamination happened because scientists failed to follow "  best practices " CDC director found out about cross-contamination several weeks after it happened
CNN  -- Serena Williams battled back from the brink of defeat to claim her 15th grand slam title and win the U.S. Open for the fourth time with a 6-2 2-6 7-5 victory over world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka on Sunday . The American added to her 2012 Wimbledon and Olympic crowns after being pushed to the limit by the Australian Open champion , who forced the 30-year-old to drop her first set of the tournament . "  I honestly ca n't believe I won . I was preparing my runner-up speech because she was playing so well , " Williams said courtside after the match , which lasted two hours 18 minutes . "  I 'm so shocked . It 's remarkable . " It was the first time in 17 years that the women 's final went the distance in New York , and it ended Azarenka 's run of 12 successive victories in matches lasting three sets . "  Serena deserves to win . She showed how true a champion she is , " Azarenka said . "  I definitely gave it all today . Stepping off this court I will have no regrets . " Williams won the hard-court tournament for the first time as a 17-year-old in 1999 but has not enjoyed much success since her third win in 2008 . She lost in an ill-tempered final last year and was also fined in 2009 after being involved in another incident during her semifinal defeat . The former world No. 1 won the opening set in just 34 minutes , as she threatened to steamroll Azarenka as she has all opponents since bouncing back from her first-round defeat at the French Open . However , unlike in their Wimbledon semifinal clash in July , her 23-year-old opponent picked herself up and dominated the second set with some power play of her own . Azarenka broke to lead 2-1 in the deciding set but was immediately pegged back by the fourth seed . A break to love in the seventh game put her in the position of serving for the title at 5-4 , but Williams rallied to win the next three games and leave Azarenka in tears after missing a golden chance to win her second grand slam title . Williams took her record in grand slam finals to 15-4 , becoming the first 30-something to win a major since Martina Navratilova at the 1987 U.S. Open , as she claimed the $ 1.9 million first prize . It was the first time since 2002 that a woman has won Wimbledon and the U.S. Open in the same year , when Williams also won the French Open . She joined her older sister Venus and Steffi Graf as the only women to win Wimbledon , the Olympics and the U.S. Open in the same year . It has capped a remarkable comeback for Williams , who spent almost a year out of the game following her 2010 Wimbledon triumph . She needed surgery after cutting her foot in a freak accident at a restaurant and then suffered life-threatening complications when blood clots formed on her lungs .	Serena Williams beats world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka in the final of the U.S. Open It was the first time in 17 years that the women 's title match went to three sets She becomes first 30-something woman to win a grand slam since 1987 Williams wins her 15th grand slam title , adding to Wimbledon and Olympic crowns
CNN  -- Vladimir Putin 's nearly 30-year marriage has ended , the Russian president and his wife told state-run television in a joint interview . "  This was our joint decision . Our marriage is over , " Putin told Russia 24 , standing next to Lyudmila Putin , in an interview shown Thursday . "  We almost do n't see each other . We have different lives . " Lyudmila Putin said the two share a love for their two adult children , but hinted life in the public eye took a toll . "  I do n't like to be in public , and it 's hard to take  airplane  flights , " she said . "  We love our children a lot , we are proud of them and see them all the time . " She said that she was grateful for her husband 's support and called the split a "  civilized divorce . " According to state-run news agency Ria Novosti , a presidential spokesman said divorce papers have not been drawn yet . The announcement comes after longtime speculation about their relationship , RIA Novosti reported . Putin married Lyudmila Shkrebneva in July 1983 . Their children , Maria and Yekaterina , were born in 1985 and 1986 , respectively .	Russian president , ex-wife announce split on state-run TV "  We almost do n't see each other , " Vladimir Putin tells Russia 24 Lyudmila Putin says she does n't like to be in public The pair have two adult children
CNN  -- Whenever someone has lived a solid and productive life , the pastor at his or her funeral may turn to Matthew 25:21 to offer a few words the good Lord may utter as the person 's spirit ascends to heaven : "  Well done , good and faithful servant ! " In the pantheon of civil rights organizations , the Southern Christian Leadership Conference stands tall as one of the greatest groups ever to advance the cause of civil rights , helping bring the hatred and bigotry of Jim Crow to its knees . From its marches and protests to its negotiations with political and business leaders and its efficient work with other civil rights groups , the SCLC 's work has been legendary . Yet 55 years after its co-founding by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , it is an organization that makes headlines today more for infighting among members and the revolving door that its top leadership positions have become -- all while crucial social justice issues continue to fester for African-Americans and others . Whether we want to admit it or not , the Southern Christian Leadership Conference has been devoid of a Christian spirit for a long time . It is leading nothing and doing nothing . The fact that I 'm writing these words may be painful to civil rights stalwarts  and Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity brothers of mine  like longtime activists the Rev. Joseph Lowery and the Rev. C.T. Vivian , but sometimes the truth hurts . On Monday , the SCLC is set to announce that former CEO Charles Steele is returning to helm the organization he served as president from 2004 to 2009 . In the four years since he left , the SCLC has gone through four leaders , including the Rev. Bernice King , who , in a strange debacle , was chosen as CEO in 2010 , but never assumed the post after a conflict with the board . Her cousin Isaac Farris , a nephew of Dr. King , was chosen to lead the group about a year ago , but he was replaced . In the past several years we have seen split factions among the board , leading to competing board meetings ; the doors to the headquarters being chained to keep others out ; even arguments at board meetings where some members nearly came to blows . This is nothing but drama , mess , childish antics or whatever you want to call it . It is a severe stain on the life and legacy of King and the many others who stood with him during the darkest hours . When your group is known more for fighting among its leaders than fighting racism , sexism and inequality , you serve no real purpose . One of Steele 's accomplishments when he took over the first time was building the organization a national headquarters that the group owned . He did so , debt-free -- but who cares about a building when an organization has no mission and no relevance ? Who really cares if the organization 's leaders proclaim a desire to be solvent when the SCLC has lost its soul ? I 've meet Charles Steele and we 've had many discussions . He 's an honorable man . But the issue here is n't who is the leader . Instead , it 's a group of people on the board of directors who are n't leading the group anywhere but further into the grave . I 'll be perfectly honest : The SCLC has been persona non grata on the media platforms I have that reach millions of African-Americans . Booking someone from the group on my Sunday morning news show on a black cable network , TV One , or my daily news segment on the Tom Joyner Morning Show , a syndicated radio show with a huge black audience , would be a waste of time . Why am I going to waste valuable time advancing the latest initiative from the SCLC when it 's likely to go nowhere due to constant infighting ? The list of issues the SCLC could be addressing is vast , from the scourge of inner-city violence that continues to take away another generation of black kids , to a high school dropout rate that is shameful . If the SCLC wants to get back to basics and play a crucial role in the 21st century , Steele is going to have to rid the group of the spirit of dissension that is running through its veins . He is going to have to show a new generation of pastors across the country that aligning with the SCLC has value other than raising their blood pressure . As a Christian , I desire the best outcome for the SCLC . But frankly , I have no faith that the organization has put its past drama behind it . . And until it can prove to me and others that it wants to be taken seriously , the SCLC will be just like the Congress for Racial Equality or the now-defunct Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee -- groups that had their glory days during a different era , and saw them end . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Southern Christian Leadership Conference a towering civil rights group But , he says , it 's been riven by infighting in recent years that has hurt its ability to do its work He says incoming CEO is promising , but squabbling board of directors detracts Martin : If new CEO wants SCLC to regain relevance , he must quell drama , move forward
CNN  -- When most people think of "  Weird Al " Yankovic , the phrase "  devourer of worlds " usually does n't leap to mind . And yet , that 's exactly how Len Peralta depicted him , and Yankovic says he got it right . "  Len 's extremely talented . I think that he captured my inner essence as the devourer of worlds . He kind of brought that to light , which I 'm very thankful for , " Yankovic said . Peralta , a graphic artist from Cleveland , Ohio , is using his talent to complete the "  Geek A Week " project : a compilation of 52 online trading cards featuring successful geeks and nerds . He 's issuing one a week for an entire year ; they can be found on geekaweek.net . He contacts heroes of the geek and nerd community , interviews them and then designs the front and back of a trading card .  He gets help with the text from collaborators Paul & Storm . The geek celebrities who answer the Geek A Week call get Peralta 's special treatment : He attributes superpowers or alter egos to the people he profiles , based on their interviews . "  He did incorporate some food into the image , and I 've been trying to live down my food obsession ever since ` Eat It , ' but I 'm very happy with the card , and I think he did a great job , " Yankovic said , referring to his famous parody of the Michael Jackson song "  Beat It . " The work is usually a collaboration . Actor Wil Wheaton wanted to experiment with duality on his Geek A Week card , so Peralta drew him as an evil twin , Peralta said . Some celebrities , like Adam Savage  of "  MythBusters " fame  , are n't completely comfortable with the first round of drawings . "  I thought his first illustration of me was a little too harsh and a little too evil and did n't quite look like me . So I ended up with my laptop and my webcam , posing with the very mask that I 'm holding in the card , so that he could have a better drawing reference , " Savage said . The resulting trading cards are colorful , artistic and as informative as any Magic : The Gathering , Garbage Pail Kids , "  Battlestar Galactica " or "  Star Wars " trading card . "  Trading cards is a really good idea . There should be something like this for every industry , like Wall Street ... or Congress , " Trace Beaulieu said . Beaulieu helped create "  Mystery Science Theater 3000 "  he also was the voice of Crow T. Robot in the 1990s television show  and is featured on Geek A Week with his current wise-cracking movie critiquing troupe , Cinematic Titanic . Beaulieu and Peralta were working together on another project , the recently published book "  Silly Rhymes for Belligerent Children , " when Peralta mentioned his idea for Geek A Week . Consequently , Beaulieu played into Peralta 's quest for contacting celebrity nerds . Beaulieu 's MST3K mate Kevin Murphy  now with RiffTrax , also profiled in Geek A Week  was able to introduce Peralta to Grammy Award-winning parody artist and accomplished accordionist Yankovic for the project . Yankovic loved the idea of Geek A Week and was eager to help out a fellow nerd . He said the format of trading cards was a perfect platform for nerdy information . "  Collecting anything is really part of nerd DNA . Collecting and processing data , in and of itself , is nerd nirvana . ` Nerdvana , ' " said Yankovic , who considers himself to be generally a nerd but a geek about some things . "  A project about geek heroes , I think , is one way that people from that subculture can feel validated . They realize that there are more people like them , and here are these successful ones , and perhaps that will inspire them to greater achievement . " Savage agrees . "  Being a geek is all about learning the inventories of things . Whether it 's instantiations of C++ or esoteric algorithms for programming or characters from ` Star Wars , ' geek culture is really defined by esoteric inventories . " Peralta got in touch with Savage through mutual friends Paul & Storm . "  It 's exactly the kind of innovative ambition that 's awesome when you see someone do it . Len actually reached out to all the people that he 's ever admired in the geeksphere and has managed to spend time interviewing them all , " Savage said . "  I love everything about -LSB- Geek A Week -RSB- . The fact that the trading cards are a ` collect them all ' kind of deal and the number of trading cards add up to the number of cards in a deck , it 's all neat as you please , " he said . Actress Felicia Day , mastermind of "  The Guild " and known for her turn as Penny in 2008 's "  Dr. Horrible 's Sing-Along Blog , " was approached to be part of Geek A Week after her friends Jonathan Coulton and Wheaton re-tweeted their appearances in the deck . "  When he asked me what I wanted to do , I was like , ` Well , I really just want to be in space , or I want to be in a sci-fi setting . ' The fact that he put me in one of the best video games of all time and as such an iconic figure -- I think he paired me with just the right thing to make me excited to see myself , " Day said . Peralta admits that Day 's trading card is one of his favorites . On it he references the Valve Corp. game "  Portal . " Thanks to his connections , Peralta has other big names in his Geek A Week stack , like Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak and filmmaker Kevin Smith , but he also includes plenty of geeks whom the general public might not know about . "  Everybody on my list is doing some amazing things in their field , whether it be blogging , whether it be entertainment , whether it be music or tech , " Peralta said . "  It 's kind of this exploration . If you do n't know who a Molly Lewis is , then you should know . If you do n't know who Monty Cook or Steve Jackson is , then figure out who that is , " he said . According to Yankovic , a man who has made a career out of creating entertainment that 's appreciated by nerds and geeks , Peralta 's devotion makes his product more compelling . "  If a geek was n't behind Geek A Week , I think you 'd know . It would feel inauthentic . When I did ` White and Nerdy , ' I think why it struck such a response with fans is that they knew I walk the walk . I was n't singing about a culture I was unfamiliar with , I was basically singing about my life , " Yankovic said , referring to another song parody . Fans of Peralta 's project and the heroes he 's profiling are sure to stick with it for all 52 weeks . In addition to the cards , the Geek A Week website includes podcasts of Peralta 's interviews that give fans further insight about their heroes . As for spoilers about whose cards fans can expect to see in the coming weeks , Peralta was generally mum but very excited to share the fact that he recently interviewed author Neil Gaiman . The Geek A Week alums have their own hopes for who might show up on the trading cards : "  Weird Al " Yankovic  Geek A Week 's "  Comedic songster/Devourer of worlds "  : If you 're talking about blue-skying it , I think probably Stephen Hawking would be a natural choice . Personally , I do n't think they would classify as nerds themselves , but I think icons to nerds of my generation -LSB- are -RSB- Monty Python . That 's sort of a right of passage for a nerd is to be able to recite "  Holy Grail " word for word . Felicia Day  Geek A Week 's "  New media actress/Test subject "  : Stephen Hawking . He 's pretty popular , right ? Adam Savage  Geek A Week 's "  Mythbuster/Jack Lint "  : I would love to see a Guillermo Del Toro Geek A Week card . I think Guillermo is a dyed-in-the-wool geek . It just occurred to me , I know Guillermo . I think I 'm going to try to hook him up with Len . Trace Beaulieu  One of Geek A Week 's "  Master riffers/Monster hunters "  : I do n't know if Steve Martin is a nerd or a geek . ... He 's an enigma . And what about the possibility of Geek A Week becoming honest to goodness , hard-copy trading cards ? "  I get two or three requests a day to make hard copies . I 'd love to . They lend themselves to it perfectly . Now , it 's just a question of how we can make it happen . I 'd love to see them , just like everybody else , " Peralta said . "  They need to be packaged with really stale gum , " Beaulieu added . "  And I would eat the gum ! "	Hollywood has a thriving community of nerds , according to Len Peralta The trading card format conveys a lot of information to the geek audience Geek A Week brings successful geeks to a more mainstream audience
CNN  Americans like to complain about the endless political gridlock in our capital . But if we 're honest we need to look in the mirror too . Many of us abandoned the field by not voting in last year 's midterm elections . Those of us who did vote elected more fire breathers than bridge builders to Congress . What 's more , when we 're invited to tell our representatives what we want , we can be as demagogic as they are . Remember the Town Hall meetings in the summer of 2009 , which erupted in shouting matches between citizens and legislators over health care ? Who can forget the Massachusetts woman holding a picture of President Obama defaced to look like Hitler , who demanded to know why former Rep. Barney Frank supported the "  Nazi policy " of extending health care to all ? His frank response : "  Ma'am , trying to have a conversation with you would be like trying to argue with a dining room table . I have no interest in doing it . " Rather than blame our leaders for the dysfunction , we need to change the game . We can turn to public forums to tackle big issues of the day . Consider two efforts to move beyond the contentious debate about climate change . In Washington , the Senate made a splash by voting for the first time to acknowledge that global warming is really happening . Unfortunately , senators could n't agree on whether humans are changing the climate and what to do about it . Stalemate . Outside of the Beltway , in Southeast Florida , it 's been five years since the region adopted a comprehensive climate action plan with 110 steps aimed at mitigating its dangers and reducing the region 's carbon emissions . As research by Dan Kahan of Yale Law School shows , these counties took action not because Floridians are less divided over political issues , or less partisan , or more scientifically literate than the rest of America . No one sang Kumbaya or hugged a polar bear . Instead , Florida officials engaged their constituents through scores of open forums convened by governments , businesses and community groups . Local leaders appealed across party lines by framing the issue as one of protecting residents from rising sea levels and storm surges , rather than as a divisive referendum on whether to believe in climate science . Rather than seeing citizens as targets of a political campaign , officials governed with the diverse residents of their community to develop practical solutions that garnered broad support . "  We recognize each other 's differences , " explained Susanne Torriente , Fort Lauderdale 's assistant city manager , "  but also recognize that if we work together we can make South Florida more resilient . " Given what Florida accomplished , Gov. Rick Scott 's ban on using the terms "  climate change " in state policy discussions to avoid polarization looks smart , not smarmy . Florida is not alone . Our research identifies many successful examples of political deliberation in well-designed forums where citizens and officials engage in give-and-take discussion and arrive at solutions . These forums have developed "  participatory budgets " in many cities , energy policy in Texas and Nebraska , community policing in Chicago and much more . Some of these forums are healing the rotting roots of democracy . For example , gerrymandering of political districts has become one way to protect the party in power and create safe seats for incumbents , sapping their incentive to represent constituents from the opposing party or craft bipartisan legislation . As a North Carolina state senator once said , "  We are in the business of rigging elections . " In response in 2010 Californians used their power to approve ballot initiatives to create a nonpartisan Citizens Redistricting Commission , which redrew political districts that better reflected the state 's communities and helped elect a legislature that could work together more productively . This is one reason why the state 's budgeting process , once an endless game of chicken that paralyzed public services and rang up huge deficits , has become less rancorous and more fiscally responsible . Let 's hope the Supreme Court does n't kill this reform . But not every ballot initiative is as enlightened . Many are highly technical proposals pushed by special interests , and multiple initiatives can overwhelm the public 's ability to evaluate them all . Oregon 's legislature responded by creating a Citizens Initiative Review Board , which researches proposed ballot measures , deliberates about their pros and cons , and makes recommendations on how fellow citizens should vote . Many Oregonians rely on the board 's recommendations , which are published in the state 's voter guide and mailed to every household . Unlike politics as usual  and those infamous Town Hall meetings  , these forums put citizens at the center of decision-making . Citizens are challenged to deliberate with each other and forge agreements , with officials and experts joining the effort by giving testimony and feedback . Moderators challenge people to treat other respectfully and consider a wide range of arguments and evidence , rather than engaging in hand-to-hand political combat . Grandstanding and obstructionism do n't play as well in these forums as they do on the Senate floor , partisan media outlets or the local tavern . It 's still politics , but it 's a politics that offers better odds of success by engaging both citizens and officials productively . The people who participate , many of whom regard typical public meetings like Ebola , say they actually enjoy talking politics with other citizens and officials , sometimes for the first time in their lives . Can you imagine that ? While there are experts who know how to design good forums , it 's no easy task . As the health care Town Hall Meetings showed , simply throwing open the doors is not sufficient . Most people do n't have the time to attend a forum , so they need to know whether people like them deliberated and the rules of engagement were fair . It 's important to ensure that citizens can participate on equal terms . If we want to move beyond political stalemate , we should strengthen these innovative forums for citizens to deliberate with each other and officials . When these forums work , they put citizens and leaders on the same side of the chessboard .	Americans like to complain about the political gridlock in Congress where nothing much gets done Christopher Karpowitz and Chad Raphael : Public forums can be used to successfully tackle big issues
CNN  -- She is small but only in physical stature . Aung San Suu Kyi is the very embodiment of Myanmar 's long struggle for democracy . The 66-year-old human rights icon defied Myanmar 's authoritarian military junta with her quiet demeanor and grace when she spent 15 of 21 years under house arrest for her unending opposition to authoritarian rule in Myanmar . By the time she was freed in November 2010 , she had become , perhaps , the world 's most recognizable political prisoner . She was awarded the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize for her non-violent struggle for democracy and human rights . Over the past year , Suu Kyi has met repeatedly with Myanmar 's President Thein Sein and the country 's minister for labor and for social welfare , relief and resettlement , Aung Kyi . Now , she will participate in Myanmar 's next elections , Nyan Win , the spokesman for her National League for Democracy , said Friday . Her National League for Democracy announced earlier Friday that it planned to re-register as a political party and participate in all future parliamentary elections . During her captivity , she lived quietly by herself at her disintegrating Inya Lake villa in Yangon  the former capital , also known as Rangoon  , accompanied solely by two maids . She had little outside human contact except for visits from her doctor . Sometimes , though , she was able to speak over the wall of her compound to her supporters , never once tiring of her crusade to break down the tyranny of dictatorship in her beloved homeland of Burma , the alternate name for Myanmar . Known as the "  lady " in Myanmar , Suu Kyi has been compared to former South African President Nelson Mandela , who spent a chunk of his life in jail for fighting apartheid . In an interview with CNN several years ago , Suu Kyi , in fact , likened Myanmar 's plight to South Africa 's former brutal race-based system . "  It 's a form of apartheid , " she said . "  In Africa , it was apartheid based on color . Here , it is apartheid based on ideas . It is as though those who want democracy are somehow of an alien inferior breed and this is not so . " The daughter of Gen. Aung San , a hero of Burmese independence , Suu Kyi spent much of her early life abroad , going to school in India and at Oxford University in England . She never sought political office . Rather , leadership was bestowed upon her when she returned home in 1988 after her mother suffered a stroke . Journey into politics During her visit , a student uprising erupted and spotlighted her as a symbol of freedom . When Suu Kyi 's mother died the next year , Suu Kyi vowed that just as her parents had served the people of Burma , so , too , would she . In her first public speech , she stood before a crowd of several hundred thousand people with her husband , Michael Aris , and her two sons and called for a democratic government . "  The present crisis is the concern of the entire nation , " she said . "  I could not , as my father 's daughter , remain indifferent to all that was going on . This national crisis could , in fact , be called the second struggle for independence . " She won over the Burmese people . One of them was Nyo Ohn Myint , who participated in the 1988 protests as a college professor and now serves as one of the leaders in Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy . "  She is more than her father 's daughter , " he told CNN . "  She has proven that she can bring together the Burmese people . " In 1989 , the military regime threw her in jail . But even with Suu Kyi sitting behind bars , her party won the elections the following year by a landslide , gaining 82 percent of the seats in parliament . The regime ignored the results of the vote and Senior Gen. Than Shwe continued to impose numerous terms of house arrest on her . Suu Kyi , meanwhile , became the recipient of several human rights prizes and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 . Over the years , Suu Kyi repeatedly challenged the junta and discouraged foreign investment in Myanmar . In one incident in 1998 , soldiers prevented her from leaving Yangon . But Suu Kyi refused to turn back and was detained in her minivan for almost two weeks . The ordeal left her severely dehydrated , but was typical of her almost stubborn determination . Myint described her as energetic but humble . And a good listener . "  That 's a skill I barely see in other people , " Myint said . Gandhi 's example She has remained a devoted Buddhist who from the beginning admired the principles on non-violence and civil disobedience espoused by India 's Mahatma Gandhi , Myint said . Over the years , Suu Kyi has made clear her devotion to bringing democracy to Myanmar . She has spoken of her separation from her loved ones as the sacrifice she chose to make for the freedom of her country . Her dying husband petitioned the Myanmar authorities to allow him to visit his wife . He had last seen her in 1995 , but his request was rejected . Instead , the junta encouraged Suu Kyi to join her family abroad . But she said she knew that if she left , she would never be allowed to return . Aris died of prostate cancer in March 1999 . Even before they were married , Suu Kyi had penned a letter to Aris professing her love of country . "  I only ask one thing , " she wrote , "  that should my people need me , you would help me to do my duty by them . " Myint recalled calling her to express his condolences after Aris died in 1999 . Suu Kyi was calm on the phone for the four-minute conversation but Myint could tell her heart was breaking . "  Maybe we are good at politics , " Suu Kyi told Myint . "  But we are bad at family matters . " Life in captivity Suu Kyi tried to break the monotony of her life by playing her piano , another passion in her life , according to the independent Irrawaddy magazine . But in time , the piano warped and Suu Kyi turned to painting to fill the void , the magazine reported . One day , maybe , people will see her canvases . Suu Kyi has also asked her lawyers to bring her books in English and French . Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz had been allowed to present her with his book "  Globalization and Its Discontent . " In 2007 , people defiantly took to the streets to protest rising fuel costs . The demonstrations were seen as a direct challenge to the authority of the government . The regime answered with a brutal crackdown . Suu Kyi 's detention was extended again and again . She appeared gaunt -- and unhappy . Even when Cyclone Nargis devastated Myanmar in May 2008 , Suu Kyi was not allowed to leave her house , though trees were crashing down all around her . The following year , Myanmar was again propelled into the headlines by a bizarre incident involving an American , John Yettaw , who improvised flippers to swim Inya Lake to Suu Kyi 's compound . He said he had received a message from God to do so . Yettaw was arrested , and Suu Kyi was put on trial , charged with harboring Yettaw , and was punished with another 18 months of house arrest . Some believe that Suu Kyi 's stubborn defiance has become an obstacle to progress in Myanmar . But her followers remain ardent in their admiration . She has clung to her dream of democracy , peace and freedom for Myanmar 's 50 million impoverished people , they say . Those simple ideals have greatly complicated one woman 's life .	Aung San Suu Kyi has been compared to Nelson Mandela Suu Kyi has been described as energetic but humble She 's the daughter of a Burmese hero of independence
CNN  -- It is widely agreed that Wednesday night 's presidential debate is crucial for Mitt Romney : This is almost assuredly his last chance to turn around the election . What is less obvious is that the stakes are sky-high for Barack Obama , too : This debate could have a powerful impact upon his ability to govern in a second term . Romney is dangerously close to blowing a campaign that many election models said he should easily win . Yes , three national polls published Monday -- including CNN -- showed the two candidates within three points of each other . But for Romney , the problem is that as the polls go up and down each week , there is one constant : As Real Clear Politics demonstrates in its averaging process , Obama stays ahead and has been for nearly a year . The news for the GOP from battleground states is even worse , especially in the Midwest . Unless he wants to depend on a wing and a prayer , Romney is thus in the unenviable position that he has to shake up the dynamics of the race on Wednesday night . Translated , that means he has to score a convincing victory in the eyes of voters . Simply being as good as Obama wo n't cut it -- a tie goes to the leader . How to watch , clip and share the debate Can Romney pull off a debate victory ? Of course -- umm , theoretically . As he proved in the GOP debates , he is quick on his feet , can throw a punch as well as counterpunch , and he looks presidential -- all assets on television . But his campaign has left him with so much ground to make up that it will be very hard : In the space of 90 minutes , he has to convince voters for the first time that he has a better plan for the economy , make the case that Obama does n't and prove much more likable than ever before . And all the while , he will have to fend off jabs from Obama , who can draw from a rich trove of Romney mistakes in the past . So , yes , Romney can still win , but it will be darn hard . No wonder he has been practicing so much . It would appear , then , that Obama can simply go for caution , choosing a clinch in the center of the ring over hard punches , and walking away with a tie . But on closer examination , Obama ought to be pressing for a victory , too . Opinion : Debate coach -- Obama , Romney are top performers In some polls over recent weeks , especially from key states , the president has now opened up a second possible path to re-election . For a long time , his campaign advisers have assumed that he would win but that his margin of victory would be narrow -- less than three points . Even now , his advisers -- even as they are quietly confident about the ultimate outcome -- are running scared , assuming the race will likely close significantly in the final weeks . But it is becoming apparent there is another possibility : Contrary to much conventional wisdom , Obama may actually be able to bust open this race , sweeping almost every state he won four years ago and rolling up a victory margin of perhaps five points or more . Opinion : Ten questions for Obama to answer The difference between a big win and a small win for Obama is , to draw upon a famous Mark Twain phrase , almost the difference between lightning and a lightning bug . Looking beyond November , what really matters to Obama is whether he can effectively govern in a second term . If he wins big , he can persuasively argue that the American people have spoken loudly and clearly , choosing his path into the future over Romney 's . At minimum , he will claim a mandate in favor of higher taxes on the affluent , a strong safety net for those in trouble and a cautious approach toward reducing Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security costs . Republicans will have a much harder time challenging his mandate if he wins big . Moreover , a big Obama victory would keep the Senate safely in Democratic hands and -- less likely -- might put a few House seats in play . Obama campaign advisers have been building a powerful ground game for months ; they have far more offices in battleground states than Romney . Their hope is that if they turn out enough voters , a rising tide will lift lots of boats downstream . Especially in the Senate , they entertain hopes that a Democratic candidate can come within three points of Obama . If he were to break beyond 53 % in key states , that could elect a lot of Democrats . Add together the possibility of a convincing mandate with congressional results that may be far better than expected a few months ago and what do you have : bingo , a resurgent Obama heading toward a second term . To some of his advisers , that would make it far more likely he could achieve a "  grand bargain " on deficits , breaking open the deadlock now paralyzing Washington and holding back corporate investment . Opinion : The mistakes candidates make in debates In short , Obama has a great deal riding on Wednesday 's debate , too . Members of his team may talk as if they have less at stake than their opponent , but in their hearts , they know that if Obama can put Romney away in their first debate , he could well have some lightning at his command in a second term . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : Debate may represent Romney 's last big chance to turn around the race He says the stakes are also sky-high for Obama , even if he wins election Obama needs a big victory to claim broad support for his plans for second term , Gergen says
CNN  -- A graduate student is suing a Georgia university , alleging that professors are requiring her to change her "  biblical views " on homosexuality or be expelled from the counseling program there . Jennifer Keeton filed a civil rights action in U.S. District Court on July 21 saying Augusta State University violated her "  constitutional rights of speech , belief and religious exercise . " The action says university faculty have "  promised to expel " Keeton "  because she has communicated both inside and outside the classroom that she holds to Christian ethical conviction on matters of human sexuality and gender identity . " After Keeton expressed her views verbally and in written assignments , faculty mandated Keeton complete a "  remediation plan . " CNN obtained a copy of the remediation plan from the Alliance Defense Fund , which represents Keeton in the action . The plan addresses issues such as writing ability and organizational skills , as well as Keeton 's ability to be a "  multiculturally competent counselor , particularly in regard to working with gay , lesbian , bisexual , transgender and queer/questioning populations . " Among the plan 's requirements , Keeton was to attend at least three diversity workshops , get more exposure to gay populations  one suggestion was to attend a gay pride parade in Augusta , where the university is located  , do outside reading about gays and write reflections on these experiences and how they might benefit future clients . At first , Keeton agreed to the remediation plan , according to the suit . Then , she had second thoughts . In video provided by the Alliance Defense Fund , Keeton says , "  I want to stay in the school counseling program , -LSB- but -RSB- I ca n't honestly complete the remediation program knowing I would have to alter by beliefs . I 'm not willing to -- and I know I ca n't -- change my biblical views . " In a statement to CNN , Augusta State said it "  does not discriminate against any individuals on the basis of their personal , social , political , or religious beliefs or views . No student is asked to change their religious beliefs or views in order to participate in any program . " Without commenting specifically on the Keeton suit , the university also said , "  The professional counselor 's job is to help clients clarify their current feelings and behaviors and to help them reach the goals that they have determined for themselves , not to dictate what those goals should be , what morals they should possess , or what values they should adopt . " In an interview Wednesday on "  CNN NewsRoom , " David French , a senior counsel with the Alliance Defense Fund , said all Keeton did "  was express her religious views inside of class and outside of class . " "  As a result of that , she 's being subjected to what is best described as a thought-reform program , " French said . "  It all goes back to a student engaging in constitutionally protected speech . " French added there was no allegation Keeton has done anything to harm anyone in a counseling setting , or violated any code of ethics . Also appearing on the program were Erin Martz , manager of Ethics and Professional Standards for the American Counseling Association , and Gregory Nevins , a supervising senior staff attorney for the advocacy group Lambda Legal . Martz said the ACA 's code of ethics "  is not an issue of thought-policing or putting any restrictions on beliefs of any kind . " "  The code is concerned with counselors ' behaviors and how they interact with their clients , " she said . "  Talking to others -- espousing ideas about homosexuality or other beliefs is a behavior , " Martz said . "  And if that behavior goes into imposing values , that does become an issue . " French said the remediation program itself seeks to change Keeton 's beliefs . He said while the ACA code prohibits imposing values , "  these counseling professors have won the gold medal in the Olympics of imposing values by trying to change her religious beliefs . " "  This is not an issue about conduct in any form of a counseling setting , " French said . "  This is a First Amendment issue about freedom of expression . " Nevins , the attorney for Lambda Legal , said the potential problem is that "  many people , especially young people in the coming-out or questioning process , are looking for a sympathetic and understanding ear . "  To have somebody who is going to introduce their value system in a negative way can be extremely damaging , " he said . French said Keeton has repeatedly told the counseling department she would uphold the valid code of ethics of the American Counseling Association . Asked how Keeton would respond in a hypothetical situation of a child coming to her and saying he was gay , French said Keeton would respond in an "  ethical and appropriate way . " French said the counseling department has imposed its own set of values to "  cleanse " Christianity from students ' belief system , violating its own ethics code . When Nevins mentioned that Keeton espoused "  conversion therapy , " French said the allegation was unsubstantiated . Nevins said Keeton 's or anyone 's belief system had to be "  pushed to one side . " Martz concurred , saying , "  In the counseling profession , as with the medical profession , the needs of the client supercede the needs of the counselor . " Keeton 's suit asks for nominal and actual damages based on violation of her civil rights . "  CNN NewsRoom " Writer Carolyn Cremen contributed to this report .	Student is suing Augusta State University , saying her right to free speech was violated She said counseling department asked her to change her beliefs about homosexuality Jennifer Keeton was required to complete a "  remediation " program Counseling expert , rights advocate : School obligated to prevent imposition of values
Those trying to draw conclusions from the information trickling from the investigation into the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 should go carefully . It is plausible that , as Malaysia 's Prime Minister asserted , the plane 's flying for hours after losing contact with air traffic control was "  consistent with deliberate action , " but it 's not the only logical explanation of the airplane 's bewildering trajectory . Statements that the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System was intentionally disabled , for example , leave out the fact that the ACARS is required to send the satellite contact requests  so-called "  handshakes "  that , according to news reports , were reported to have occurred for hours after the flight 's disappearance . The plane has multiple functions and channels connected to the ACARS and at least some of it must have still been working . For example , one part of this communications system is used for messages between the airplane and air traffic control  clearances , position reports , etc  . Another is used to communicate , essentially with text messages , between the airplane and the airline . Messages can also be sent automatically for maintenance functions such as reporting faults and sending routine engine data . The range of functions that would have been available for someone to disable is not yet clear . And at least one news report described altitude excursions between 45,000 feet and 23,000 , which one pilot suggested might have been done willfully to render passengers unconscious . But this strikes me as behavior that would also be consistent with the airplane flying completely unattended with the autopilot off . Though these oscillations are larger than I might expect , it would be a natural behavior for the airplane to fly relatively large but gentle pitch oscillations . This would be true especially if the airplane 's auto-throttles were also for some reason disabled . There have been statements made that such changes could only be made by a skilled aviator , but what "  skilled aviator " can not hold altitude within 20,000 feet ? Incapacitation or something else that could prevent the crew from controlling the plane -- fire , collision , explosive depressurization -- could also be indicated , which would n't necessarily mean the cockpit was breached by anyone . The airplane reportedly made "  suspicious turns . " However , it is the nature of those turns that will reveal if it was deliberate "  heading "  directional  changes or if nobody was flying the airplane at all . If the autopilot was off and the airplane was essentially flying on its own , I would expect a variety of heading changes . These changes could be initiated by turbulence during flight . If the airplane 's routes were controlled intentionally by selecting the heading or by programming the flight management computer , the flight path would be very straight , then a turn that would last usually from 10 to 30 seconds , followed by more straight flight . While a close-up analysis of the flight path would be required to determine the case , it seems that officials are not even sure if the flight path headed northwest toward Pakistan or southwest into the vast Indian Ocean . On the technical side , the Boeing 777-200ER is a fly-by-wire airplane -- that is , movement of the controls is converted into electrical signals that interact with flight-control computers and instruct the plane 's control surfaces on the wings and tail . Its characteristics may be able to explain much of the airplane 's behavior . With the autopilot off , the airplane will adjust the pitch  the up or down movement of the nose of the plane  to maintain a speed set by the pilot . It will pitch up if it 's going faster than the desired speed and pitch down if slower . This is called pitch trim . Anyone who has flown even a small aircraft will be familiar with this concept . Therefore , when disturbed , it will fly a series of pitch changes as it settles down on the trimmed airspeed . Pitch protections built into the system ensure that the airplane never goes too fast or too slow . Temporary input on the control wheel , or changes in the airplane 's weight as it burns off fuel , temperature and other normal atmospheric changes along the course can initiate the altitude changes as the airplane continues to seek its trimmed speed . Heading changes are also what I would expect to see in an autopilot-off situation . The 777 's fly-by-wire roll control law controls the tilt of the wings . The airplane would be subject to atmospheric disturbances that could act to tip a wing up every now and then , but built-in protections prevent the plane from exceeding bank angles in excess of 35 ° . While a conventional airplane would tend to spiral down in that situation , the 777 incorporates automatic pitch compensation , so the airplane could easily hold its altitude in these turns . The fly-by-wire control system on the 777 makes it a very stable airplane , capable of flying for hours with the autopilot off without crashing . If the flight path can be shown to be very straight lines with neat turns followed by another straight line , then I would throw out the "  autopilot-off " theory , but it seems as though officials ca n't even determine where the plane was heading , much less the nature and cause of some heading changes . The consistent theme in the mystery of this flight has been very little data , and the exact nature of that scant data is vague and changing . Whatever exact scenario can account for the possible incapacitation or deliberate actions of the crew , the loss of the transponder and other communications and the airplane 's mysterious flight path is likely to be a situation we have not seen before . I would urge that we not jump to conclusions based on inconclusive evidence . The evidence we have may be "  consistent with deliberate acts , " but it is also consistent with other explanations as well .	Bill Palmer : Deliberate acts are not the only possibility in disappearance of Malaysia flight He says it 's not clear what systems , such as ACARS , were turned off and when Palmer : Descent reported might be from 777 adjusting to no autopilot , not deliberate act Palmer : Much of 777 behavior could be from built-in systems reacting ; guessing inadequate
CNN  -- The top Republican on the Senate committee that oversees the Justice Department issued a blistering criticism of Attorney General Eric Holder and his department for failing to pursue criminal charges against a giant global bank that admits violating federal laws by laundering money on behalf of Iran , Libya , Sudan and Myanmar . Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , sent his stinging letter to Holder Thursday , calling it "  inexcusable " for the department not to prosecute criminal behavior by the British banking giant HSBC . In a settlement reached Tuesday , HSBC agreed to pay the U.S. government $ 1.92 billion in a wide-ranging agreement . Any prosecution in the case was "  deferred , " meaning it is unlikely anyone from the bank will ever go to jail for wrongdoing . "  What I have seen from the department is an inexplicable unwillingness to prosecute and convict those responsible for aiding and abetting drug lords and terrorists , " Grassley wrote . "  By allowing these individuals to walk away without any real punishment , the department is declaring that crime actually does pay , " Grassley asserted . The Justice Department had no immediate comment Thursday . Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer defended the settlement Tuesday in a New York news conference . Breuer said , "  HSBC is being held accountable for stunning failures of oversight . " HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver released a statement Tuesday , saying "  we accept responsibility for our past mistakes . "	The Justice Department reached settlement with HSBC in money laundering investigation GOP Sen. Charles Grassley says department should have sought criminal charges HSBC , which accepted responsibility , will pay the U.S. government $ 1.92 billion
Skype users will soon be able to conduct voice and video calls supported by a near-real time translation technology . And while it ca n't yet guarantee that no fine detail will be lost in translation , Microsoft 's new idea for its video chat platform surely feels like something straight out of science fiction . No longer will our hopes for such a marvel be tagged to imaginary aquatic creatures -- the Babel fish from "  The Hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy " -- or improbable "  telepathic fields " , such as the one cast by Doctor Who 's TARDIS to relay any alien language to its pilot in plain English . It all sounds , in fact , quite similar to what Klingons in Star Trek use to make their generally belligerent intentions quite clear : an unseen , but ever-present , "  universal translator " . "  The idea that people do n't understand each other , it 's going to be a thing of the past , " Gurdeep Pall , Corporate VP of Skype , told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  In the same way it 's hard to imagine a world before you were able to travel to different places and quickly , whether it be in a car or a plane , we 'll never think about , wow , those were the dark ages where people could n't understand each other . That 's where we 're headed . " Called Skype Translator , the add-on builds on the research done for Microsoft Translator , and uses a technology called Deep Neural Networks , which yields significantly better speech recognition results than previous methods . It will be available as a Windows 8 beta app before the end of the year , but Microsoft is already showing off its English to German functionality , as you can see in the video above . It is still unclear whether the service will be free for the 300 million Skype users , or will be extended to other platforms . Microsoft is not alone in its quest for a universal translator . Google already offers translation by voice in its Google Translation service and is also working on integrating real-time translation into Android . And Sigmo , a Bluetooth device that promises real time speech translation in 25 languages , went through a successful crowdfunding campaign last year . Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : FireChat , the app that voiced Hong Kong 's protests The "  green man " in your traffic lights just got new super powers Finally , a flying car for everybody ?	Skype Translator offers near-real time language translation during video calls A beta version will be launched as a Windows 8 app later this year The new technology promises improved speech recognition compared to previous methods
It used to be as plain as a beer-foam mustache . Portland , Oregon , has more breweries and brewpubs than any other place -- in the sixties now -- ergo , it 's the world 's greatest beer city . And none of those breweries makes swill . But the world is changing for the better -- and catching up to a movement pioneered by Portlanders . Craft beer is worldwide now and other cities nip at our Birkenshod heels in the crucial best-beer-city-in-the-world race . Denver and San Diego are contenders without a doubt . Milwaukee . Brooklyn . Various Asian capitals -- Beijing , Bangkok , Tokyo -- all have thriving beer scenes . Berlin , where Stone Brewing is building a big beer hall and brewery . England , where craft breweries are sprouting even as traditional Brit pubs close weekly . Prague , of course , where golden lager was born . Dublin indubitably . Even Asheville , North Carolina , which rather noisily voted itself Beer City USA a few years back , is now in the running for real with an impressive roster of local breweries and big new production breweries built by New Belgium , Oskar Blues and Sierra Nevada . Bless 'em all , for the rising tide of craft beer floats all boats , and we Portlanders welcome the company . As long as all acknowledge that there 's just one best beer city in the world : Portland , aka Beervana . Here are 23 reasons , a number you 'll recognize as a prime , of which there are an infinite number . Which is really big . Almost like being the best beer city in the world . 1 . According to supermarket tracking services , Portland leads the United States in percentage of craft beer sales with nearly 40 % of beer purchases being craft beer . 2 . Oregon breweries brewed 53 % of all the draft beer served in the state . 3 . We keep finding new places to serve beer , such as growler-fill stations , which have opened in major grocery stores , as stand-alone establishments and in a Southeast Portland mini-mart that anywhere else would sell fried chicken and half-racks of Milwaukee 's Best . 4 . Speaking of growlers  large , re-fillable bottles that allow you to take large amounts of freshly tapped beer to go  , the Portland-designed , Steampunk-styled uKeg keeps beer cold and carbonated and people love the idea : Growlerwerks LLC hoped to raise $ 75,000 in its Kickstarter campaign and so far nearly 5,000 people have donated $ 665,000 -- with about three weeks to go . 5 . It 's hard to imagine the critical mass of more than 60 brewing establishments in a town . In close-in Southeast Portland , a dozen breweries and brewpubs populate just a few square blocks . Toss in pubs such as the Basement , Apex , White Owl Social Club , Blitz and the BeerMongers , and you have a walking beer tour that could fill a couple of days . 6 . If you do n't want to walk , there are several beer-tour companies including Brewvana beer bus tours  with Japanese-language tours , as well  and the u-pedal aerobics of Pedalounge , which is a sort of 12-person pedal-powered bar with stools and an awning , except you ca n't drink on the road . 7 . We have the biggest outdoor beer party on the continent , July 's Oregon Brewers Festival , which attracts more than 85,000 people a year -- many of whom are out-of-state or international beer tourists -- to its five-day run at Tom McCall Waterfront Park . 8 . Missed the OBF ? No problem . Beer festivals happen year ' round in Portland , such as December 's Holiday Ale Festival , when thousands of big-beer fans drink ca n't - find - 'em - anywhere-else winter beers in large , heated tents in Portland 's Pioneer Courthouse Square . It 's a rare day in Beervana without a beer event , thanks to great bottle shops such as Belmont Station , BeerMongers , By The Bottle , Imperial Bottle Shop and Taproom and others that organize a couple hundred beer releases , meet-the-brewer events , tap takeovers and the like every year . There are also brewers dinners , beer tastings and Roscoe 's monthly beer summits . Nobody 's done an official festival count , but Portland hosts more than a hundred a year , including specialized events such as an organic beer festival , a fruit beer festival , Peche Fest  only peach beers and ciders on tap  and Biketobeer Fest . 9 . Portland is the site of the national 2015 Craft Brewers Conference . Can thousands of brewers and industry types be wrong ? 10 . Portland created the fresh-hop beer category , when brewers trek to local hop farms for just-picked hops and make special beers . Oregon celebrates its hop bounty with several fresh-hop beer festivals every fall , and pubs such as the Lucky Labrador Brewing Company hold hop-picking parties harvesting backyard hop plants . 11 . Portland has a dedicated gluten-free brewery , Ground Breaker , where no barley malt nor wheat shall ever tread . They brew a variety of G-F beers with roasted chestnuts and the like . Nationally distributed Omission is also brewed in Portland , with traditional ingredients and a special process to remove gluten . 12 . Anything qualifies as an excuse to pour special beers : recently opened Baerlic Brewing celebrated the life of Evel Knievel one night and Ecliptic Brewing , owned by longtime Oregon brewer  and avid astronomer  John Harris , opened its first-anniversary week with an eclipse-viewing party on an overcast Thursday .  The clouds did open briefly . 13 . In 2010 Mike Wright opened a one-barrel nanobrewery called Beetje in his Southeast Portland garage . In late 2011 he took the plunge and opened The Commons Brewery in a commercial space with employees , a tasting room and a seven-barrel system brewing farmhouse ales . At the end of this year , he 's moving to a space three times as big and adding a 15-barrel brewhouse . Who says you have to brew an IPA to make it in this town ? 14 . But it does n't hurt : BridgePort IPA is the beer that made Portland an IPA town 20 years ago , and is still a great beer and the brewery 's flagship , though its 60 - bitterness units of hoppiness is a modest number these days . 15 . As part of marriage preparations , some Portland couples brew their wedding beers with pro brewer Jay Webb at Portland U-Brew & Pub . 16 . Homebrewing is big in Portland with a number of homebrewers clubs and a dozen or more homebrew supply shops in the area , including America 's oldest homebrew shop , F.H. Steinbart , founded in 1918 . Plus , Widmer 's Collaborator program brews homebrewers ' winning recipes on a commercial scale , giving Oregonians beers that 'd otherwise never make it to market and donating part of the profit to an Oregon Brew Crew scholarship fund . 17 . Ben Edmunds and his brew crew at Breakside Brewing set a goal of brewing 100 different beers in 2013 and they made it , brewing everything from Apizza Alt to Old Woody . 18 . Two Portland breweries -- Widmer Brothers Brewing and BridgePort -- celebrate 30th anniversaries this year . Widmer celebrated with 30 Beers for 30 Years -- reprising beers from its brewing history such as 1994 's Ur-Alt . 19 . Being a sports fan does n't mean settling for an industrial lager . There are no fewer than four places to get Portland-brewed beers at a Trail Blazers NBA home game ; Widmer and Lompoc Brewing each make special beers for the Portland Timbers soccer team and BridgePort brews a special beer for the Hillsboro Hops minor league baseball team . 20 . Portland breweries and brewpubs continue to evolve into interesting new shapes , such as Ex Novo Brewing Company , a nonprofit brewery that donates part of its revenue to selected causes . BTU Brasserie is a fine new Chinese restaurant/brewery where you can get smoked duck moo shu and house-brewed rice lager . 21 . Nearly everybody barrel-ages and brews sour beers these days , thanks to Oregon pioneers such as Alan Sprints of Hair of the Dog Brewing and Deschutes Brewery . 22 . Mike and Brian McMenamin helped create Oregon 's pivotal brewpub law of 1985 and have since built a quirky empire of nearly 60 pubs , breweries and hotels , each different and artist-decorated . Along the way , they 've saved dozens of historic buildings such as the Crystal Ballroom and Edgefield , and have contributed mightily to Oregon 's thriving beer culture . 23 . Nearby is an expanding universe of other great Oregon beer towns , including Bend , Eugene , Hood River , Corvallis , Astoria , Ashland , Baker City and more . Fortunately , there 's an infinite supply of prime numbers ... Is Portland the world 's best beer city ? Got another pick ? Share your best bar stool perspective below .	Portland , Oregon , has led a worldwide craft beer revolution , but other cities have closed the beer gap Even so , Portland 's scene continues to grow , evolve and lead the field There are more than 60 brewing establishments in the city Local breweries make beers celebrating pretty much anything ... including Evel Knievel
Bloomington , Indiana  CNN  -- Those fundamentalist members of the Iranian government who have long sought to blow up any possibility for the normalization of relations between Tehran and Washington may just have succeeded . At the very least they are likely to have put any negotiations with Iran on issues ranging from nuclear power to the Iraqi insurrection and the Taliban counterattack in Afghanistan on the back burner . An Iranian-American , Manssor Arbabsiar , has been charged in a plot to assassinate the Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United States . According to U.S. authorities , the plot included hiring a DEA informant posing as a member of a Mexican drug cartel who asked for $ 1.5 million to explode a bomb in a restaurant frequented by the Saudi Ambassador . The Iranian-American allegedly had been recruited and directed by his cousin , Abdul Reza Shahlai , a senior member of the Quds Force of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps  IRGC  in Iran , and by Shahlai 's deputy , Ali Gholam Shakuri . Arbabsiar was recruited in early spring and began arranging the terror plot in late May of this year using monies wired from Iran at the direction of the Iranian government , prosecutors revealed . Shakuri has also been charged in absentia in the criminal complaint that was filed by the FBI in the Federal Court of the Southern District of New York . The Iranian government has denied any involvement . While in New York for the U.N. General Assembly meetings last month , Iranian President Ahmedinejad and his Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi suggested that relations between Tehran and Western governments need to improve . They also indicated that negotiations over Iran 's nuclear program should be re-started . Their recent comments came on the heels of several months of outreach by the Iranian president 's office to the United States and European Union . The current terror plot may have been , in part , an attempt by others within the Iranian government to sabotage those discussions before they can begin . The United States is expected to ask that the Security Council impose additional sanctions against Iran for the terror plot . The Revolutionary Guard Corps was founded after the Iranian revolution of 1979 . It complements , supplements and often eclipses Iran 's regular military forces in resources , manpower , tactics , and operations . The IRGC 's overall commander , Gen. Mohammad Ali Jafari , who was appointed by and is loyal to Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei , recently threatened "  military action against all other who disavow the Islamic Revolution . " Another IRGC officer , Brig. Gen. Rostam Ghasemi -- who like Jafari is under international sanctions but still heads the influential economic wing of the IRGC  which controls approximately 50 percent of Iran 's economy  -- is also Iran 's Minister of Petroleum and so currently serves as president of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries  OPEC  . The IRGC 's Quds Force is a special unit utilized for enforcing militant fundamentalism at home , ensuring the mullahs stay in power to the dismay of many Iranian citizens , exporting the Islamic revolution to other nations , supporting Iran 's political cronies abroad and conducting terrorist attacks against foreign targets . The Quds Force reports directly to Supreme Leader Khamenei , who appointed its commander Brig. Gen. Qasem Soleimani -- another Iranian official listed as a terrorist by the U.S. government . Soleimani is suspected by the U.S. government of helping shape the terror plot just thwarted by the United States The IRGC generally and its Quds Force specifically have been implicated in several terrorist attacks on Americans , Israelis , and others . The July 1994 bombing that killed 85 persons at a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires was traced back by the government of Argentina  and even noted in the U.S. Congressional Record  to the IRGC . The June 1996 truck bomb that killed 19 U.S. servicemen in Khobar , Saudi Arabia , was believed by the 9/11 Commission to have been assembled at an IRGC facility and then provided to its partner in crime Hezbollah , which carried out the attack . The IRGC has trained and armed not only the Lebanese Hezbollah but also Palestinian Hamas , Shiite militants in Iraq , and even Taliban fighters in Afghanistan . Now it is suspected of sharing tactics and weapons with Bashar al-Assad 's troops against protestors in Syria 's current populist uprising . So , many of the IRGC 's international activities are aimed at weakening the United States and preventing American attempts to stabilize the Middle East and South Asia . The choice of a Saudi diplomat as the plot 's target is not surprising . Saudi Arabia sent troops to Bahrain in March to put down a rebellion by that island nation 's majority Shiite population who are tied religiously to Tehran . The Saudi government blames Iran for instigating both Bahraini unrest and Shiite protests in eastern Saudi Arabia . So , the Sunni monarchy in Riyadh has been trying to line up a coalition of Sunni Muslim states to oppose Iran 's ambitions in the Middle East specifically . The timing of Arbabsiar 's recruitment for the terror plot suggests the assassination is also in part tit-for-tat retribution for the Saudi military action against Shiites in Bahrain . Planning the plot for Washington fits well with hardliners in Tehran detesting the U.S. government for threatening military actions and spearheading economic sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program . The Stuxnet computer worm attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities in June 2010 , and the assassination of Iranian scientists , all of which are attributed by Tehran to Washington and Jerusalem may also have factored into this attempt at retaliation . In the wake of the 1979 Islamic Revolution many Iranians from all walks of life fled to North America and Europe . They and their descendants are by and large opposed to the fundamentalist regime in Iran and have become loyal citizens of the United States and other countries to which they emigrated . So , if the charges are true , the person arrested is an anomaly . Likewise our own research in Iran has shown that most Iranians feel goodwill toward Americans and seek renewal of relations with the United States . Those in Tehran who plotted these attacks intended to sunder that goodwill between peoples and to further alienate their own citizens from the rest of the world . Those terrorist masterminds should not be permitted to get away with their plans at home or abroad . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jamsheed K. Choksy and Carol E. B. Choksy .	U.S. authorities charged that a terror plot was planned by Iranian officials Authors say hardliners in Iran may achieve their aim of scuttling talks with the U.S. Revolutionary Guard has played a role in earlier international terror plots , authors say Authors : Plot targeted Saudi ambassador ; Saudis have been in conflict with Iranians
Thailand 's bitter political crisis intensified Tuesday as five people were killed in clashes between anti-government protesters and police , and the country 's anti-corruption commission filed charges against the Prime Minister . The violence erupted in the heart of Bangkok after months of protests against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra that have deepened political divisions in the Southeast Asian nation . A police officer died after he was shot in the head , and four other people -- at least two of them protesters -- were also killed , officials said . Seventy-three people , both police officers and protesters , were wounded in the clashes Tuesday , according to the Erawan Emergency Center , a medical unit monitoring the unrest in Thailand . 10 questions : What 's behind the protests in Thailand ? Police were trying to clear demonstrators , who have been campaigning against Yingluck for months in central Bangkok . After police fired tear gas in an attempt to disperse crowds of demonstrators in the streets , people among the protesters began firing guns at police . With the two sides about 200 meters  656 feet  apart , police responded by firing rubber bullets and live ammunition . During the firefight , which lasted about 20 minutes , a grenade exploded near a group of police officers , knocking them to the ground . At least four of them were wounded , said Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , the national security chief . Thousands of protesters About 6,000 demonstrators were estimated to be on the streets of the city Tuesday , Paradon said , and thousands of security personnel have been mobilized . Protesters opposed to Yingluck have been camped out since November at official buildings around the city , including Government House , the office of the prime minister and appointed cabinet ministers . Leaders of the protests say they want Yingluck 's government replaced by an unelected "  people council , " which would oversee electoral and political changes . Clashes among pro- and anti-government groups had flared up during the crisis , leaving at least 10 people dead and hundreds wounded . The government responded by imposing a state of emergency last month . Police move in Until recently , authorities had largely refrained from confronting the demonstrators directly , even when they prevented large numbers of people from voting in recent elections . That changed last week as police began attempts to seize sites occupied by protesters for months . Government officials said the protesters ' actions were blocking public access to government services , making intervention by authorities necessary . Officials claimed public sentiment was turning against the demonstrators . But the protesters have so far refused to give way . Police said they arrested 145 protesters near the Ministry of Energy on Tuesday . Rice subsidy controversy As the violence unfolded on the streets , Yingluck faced pressure on another front when Thailand 's anti-corruption commission said it was bringing charges against her over a rice-subsidy program . The National Counter-Corruption Commission said in a statement that it was calling Yingluck to appear February 27 to face charges that she failed to act on warnings of corruption in the program that her government introduced in 2011 . The program , which offered farmers well above the market rate for their rice , has run into financial problems . Problems with the subsidy program have angered many farmers , who make up part of Yingluck 's support base in the north and east of Thailand . The anti-corruption commission 's charges could eventually lead to the suspension of Yingluck from all political positions . In a televised speech before the commission 's announcement , Yingluck said the rice subsidy program had been successful over the past two years and accused her political opponents of "  obstructing the government 's implementation of the project . " She said there was "  no conspiracy to corrupt . " Long-running crisis Protesters say Yingluck is a puppet of her billionaire brother , the deposed , exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . The protests were sparked in November by Yingluck 's government 's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have paved the way for her brother 's return to the political fray in earnest . Yingluck had hoped the elections held earlier this month could help ease tensions . But the main opposition party boycotted the vote and protesters caused widespread disruption . That left the outcome of the election inconclusive , without enough results to reopen parliament . It remains unclear when election officials will be able to complete the voting in disrupted areas . The civil unrest of recent months is the worst to hit Thailand since a crackdown on pro-Thaksin demonstrators in 2010 left scores of people dead . Protesters pledge more demonstrations Trapped in a gunfight : CNN producer 's harrowing account	The death toll from Tuesday 's clashes rises to five , officials say The number of wounded , both police and protesters , reaches 73 Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra is facing charges from anti-graft body Police are trying to clear groups of protesters from the center of the city
Lake Victoria , Uganda  CNN  -- Straddling three East African countries -- Uganda , Tanzania and Kenya -- Lake Victoria has for centuries been a vital resource for the millions of people living along its vast coastline . The massive lake , which stretches some 70,000 square kilometers , is the world 's second-biggest freshwater body and the biggest of its kind in Africa , as well as the chief reservoir of the Nile . Home to a stunning archipelago of more than 80 islands , Lake Victoria provides a livelihood for the fishermen navigating its waters and the businesses dotting its shores . But for many that comes with a risk . According to local officials , about 5,000 people are killed every year on the lake , victims of erratic weather conditions and a mix of poor communications and lack of resources . The high death toll makes the lake "  arguably the most dangerous stretch of water in the world in terms of fatalities per square kilometer , " according to The National Lake Rescue Institute , a group launched in 2002 to improve safety on Lake Victoria and provide education and training in maritime safety . See also : ` Hippie apes ' battle for survival "  It 's very dangerous , " says Sam Kabonge , a fisherman from the Bugala island in Lake Victoria , a tropical patch of land boasting sandy shores and lush forests . "  You sit on top of water not knowing the depth of the pitch you are sitting on so in any case of accident ... even if you do -LSB- know how to swim -RSB- , you might be far away in the lake . " Kabonge says not all fishermen can afford life jackets . At the same time , their small and often dilapidated vessels can easily succumb to the wind-whipped waves formed in the lake by its volatile microclimate . "  There are times when you may leave the landing site when the lake is still , " explains Kabonge . "  As you are in the middle of it , it starts getting rough -- rain , winds , clouds , and you know what happens next because ... our boats , can not resist the strength of the wave . Sometimes they break ; others capsize . " See also : School boy 's website helps tourists spot big beasts Ugandan meteorologist Khalid Muwembe says the lake , which lies on the Equator , has a distinct effect on the region 's weather . "  Because the lake is generally warm and has a lot of moisture , we find that it generates this very big , what we call , convective potential energy , which generates a lot of cloudness and this unique nature of weather characterized by heavy thunderstorms which sometimes can be dangerous , " he explains . Muwembe is part of a team testing a new mobile alert system aiming to improve the delivery of weather forecasts and help vulnerable fishing communities in Lake Victoria protect themselves from dangerous conditions . Under the free pilot program , locals receive tailor-made text messages on their mobile phones , providing them with daily weather forecasts , warnings about potential hazards and advice on what action they should take . See also : Wildlife puts Tanzania on the tourist map Muwembe says the mobile alert weather system is helping fishermen to plan safer outings . "  For a long period of time , we did n't have a very good weather service to try and guide and promote safety of all those navigating over the lake , " he says . "  So because of that -- and also daily reports of accidents over the lake -- we thought it was very important that we have a weather system where we are giving the users of the small vessels over the lake at least some guidance on what kind of storms they expect to find over the lake . " "  We provide this information on a daily basis as texts on their mobile phones and in a situation where we see that there is a very dangerous storm which is developing , we also give them an additional message , which we call an alert . We say that ` this is happening , please take action , or hold position , ' or whatever it is that will at least promote safety , " he adds . For fishermen like Kabonge , who is among those involved in the pilot program , the localized weather information is a vital service that can help people in the community stay safe . "  We need it because ever since it came , at least the death tolls have reduced , " says Kabonge , who calls for the program 's expansion . "  The lake is too wide -- if it -LSB- the program -RSB- could go across the whole lake , our brothers also may get use of it . " And for Kabonge that is what is most important -- to use new technology to help protect the lives of Lake Victoria 's fishermen . See also : Flower power threatens Kenya 's Lake Victoria Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Thousands of people die each year on Lake Victoria due to bad weather conditions Authorities are testing a mobile alert weather service to protect fishermen Locals receive text messages with weather forecasts and warnings about potential hazards Lake Victoria is the world 's second-biggest freshwater body
CNN  -- Shaquan Duley made a tearful first appearance Wednesday in a South Carolina courtroom to face murder charges in the deaths of her two toddler sons , her lawyer said . Handcuffed and dressed in orange jail coveralls , Duley sniffled and sobbed through her arraignment , which lasted less than three minutes . She entered no plea to the charges , and no date was set for her next appearance . Duley faces two counts of murder in the deaths of her two sons , 1-year-old Ja ` van Duley and 2-year-old Devean Duley . Investigators said Duley , 29 , was unemployed , single and apparently fed up with criticism from her mother when she smothered her children , strapped their lifeless bodies into car seats and submerged her car in the Edisto River . Her lawyer , Carl B. Grant , described her as "  distraught " and said she was "  extremely sad and tearful " during the proceedings . "  She had a solemn attitude and was crying before she entered court , " Grant said . He said he has not yet seen the full case against Duley , but added , "  I can assure you there is more than has been said and reported by anyone . " Before the appearance , Grant said that if his client was asked to enter a plea , it would be "  not guilty . " Duley 's mother , other relatives and members of her church attended to show their support during the arraignment , Grant said . The boys ' bodies were discovered early Monday after witnesses reported Duley 's car had gone into the Edisto River outside Orangeburg , about 75 miles northwest of Charleston . Orangeburg County Sheriff Larry Williams told reporters Duley had no means of taking care of her children . "  She lives with her mother , and her mother was a very , I guess , firm individual , " Williams said . "  She often talked with her daughter about , I guess , maybe being more of a mother or being more reliable . " Mother and daughter argued the night before the children 's bodies were found in Duley 's Chrysler sedan , Williams said . "  We believe this is a direct response  to the argument  from Ms. Duley , " he said . "  I believe she was just fed up with her mother telling her she could n't take care of the children , and she was n't taking care of her children , and she just wanted to be free . " However , he said , "  this was n't a hardened criminal . This was a young lady in trouble , in trouble in more ways than she realized . " Duley has no previous criminal history , he said . Her third child , a 5-year-old daughter , was at the home of Duley 's mother at the time of the deaths and did not appear in court Wednesday . Duley told authorities she smothered the boys by putting her hand over their mouths at the Trumps Inn in Orangeburg , Williams said . Then she drove them to the river while "  trying to find a way to discard the bodies , " he said . "  She just wanted to get rid of the children , as sad as it may be , " Williams said . Authorities do not know how long the boys had been dead before they went into the water , he said . Duley first reported that she had lost control of the car , and it had rolled into the river . But authorities believed her story did n't add up from the beginning , Williams said . Her clothes were dry , he said , and there were no skid marks or other indications of an accident at the scene . Authorities responded to a report of a car accident near a boat landing on the river Monday , and divers found the children 's bodies . Williams described Duley as distraught , but said she showed no signs of remorse . "  I do n't believe she woke up and said , ` I 'm going to the Shillings Bridge Road to get rid of my children , ' " he said . "  Of course , that has n't been determined . I believe she was just angry , upset and for some reason found the boat ramp , but mind you the children were deceased ... so  she was  trying to find a way to discard the bodies . " The father of the two children has not been found , Williams said . Duley "  was more or less being mother and father for the children , " he said . The S.C. Department of Social Services has no record of prior involvement with Duley , department spokeswoman Marilyn Matheus said . The incident has striking similarities to a 1994 case , also in South Carolina . The bodies of Michael Daniel Smith , 3 , and 14-month-old Alexander Tyler Smith were found in their mother 's car , still strapped into their car seats , in a lake in the town of Union . Their mother , Susan Smith , was convicted on two counts of murder , but jurors spared her the death penalty and sentenced her to life in prison . In Session 's Beth Karas , HLN 's Natisha Lance and CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : Shaquan Duley was "  extremely sad and tearful " in court , lawyer says Duley faces two counts of murder in the deaths of her two children She is accused of smothering her toddler sons and submerging their bodies in a river Sheriff Larry Williams : "  She just wanted to get rid of the children "
Budget Travel  -- A more unified Europe has made it simpler to go from one country into another . Driving on the continent , however , remains a challenge because of inconsistent traffic laws and road signs . We asked representatives of several rental-car companies about little-known rules and conventions that visitors should know before hitting the road in Europe . You must pay to enter London , England 's congestion zone on weekdays from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. United Kingdom • On weekdays from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. , London charges a fee to enter the city 's congestion zone , which is marked with signs showing a white C in a red circle . The charge may be included in the cost of your rental car , so ask . Otherwise , you can pay online  cclondon.com  or at stores , gas stations , and newsstands where you see the congestion logo . Your car 's license-plate number is then registered in an electronic database . Cameras take pictures of your plate when you enter the zone , and a computer system checks the database to make sure you 've paid . • In rural Scotland , watch for Highland cattle that like to lie on sun-warmed roads after dark . See European traffic signs and learn their meanings France • Children under 10 are prohibited from riding up front -- they must be buckled up in the backseat . Germany • Obstructing traffic on the autobahn is against the law -- so running out of gas is not only dangerous , it can get you fined . • You 're required to use low-beam headlights if it 's overcast , raining , or snowing . Italy • Only local traffic is permitted during certain hours in the historic centers of many Italian cities . White signs with an open red circle and the times that traffic is restricted mark the entrances to the zones . If your hotel is in one of these areas , ask the concierge to register your license-plate number with the local authorities . Cameras take pictures of the plates when cars enter the zones , and a computer system tracks down vehicles that are n't registered . Violators are fined . • On roads too narrow for two vehicles , the larger one has the right-of-way . Spain • You must put on a reflective safety vest any time you get out of your car on the sides of highways or unlit roads . Most rental-car companies provide one in the trunk , but you should check before leaving the agency . • People who wear eyeglasses are required by law to have a spare pair in the car . Copyright 2009 . Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	On weekdays from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. , there 's a fee to enter London 's congestion zone In France , children under 10 are prohibited from riding up front On Italian roads too narrow for two vehicles , the larger one has the right-of-way In Spain , if you wear glasses you must have an extra pair in the car
CNN  -- Pop singer Jason Derulo suffered a serious neck injury and has been forced to cancel all upcoming promotions and his world tour , according to a release from his record company . The release says the 22-year-old was training for his upcoming tour when he performed an acrobatic move , landed on his head , fractured one of his vertebra and was taken to a hospital in Pembroke Pines , Florida . The release says that doctors treating Derulo said the accident could have left him paralyzed . Anyone holding tickets for his upcoming shows will be refunded at the point of sale , according to the release . Derulo said in the release : "  The pain of letting you down cuts me way deeper than this injury I 've sustained . My fans mean everything to me , so I 'm praying for a speedy recovery in order to perform for you in the near future . " According to his website , his eponymous debut album sold 850,000 copies worldwide , spawned three Top 10 hits and landed him the 2011 BMI "  Songwriter of the Year " award . He has two albums : "  Jason Derulo " and "  Future History , " which came out last year .	Jason Derulo has been forced to cancel all upcoming promotions and his world tour Release says he performed an acrobatic move and landed on his head Tickets for his upcoming shows will be refunded at the point of sale , release says
CNN  -- A fatal train derailment south of Paris was caused by a part disconnecting from the switching mechanism on the tracks , the head of the French national railway company said Saturday . Six people were killed and 22 others injured late Friday afternoon when four cars of the train , a regional service bound for the city of Limoges , went off the track at Bretigny-sur-Orge station . On Saturday night , officials said the death toll was definitive . "  We are now sure that there are no additional victims , " said Michel Fuzeau , the prefect for the Essonne department . A train car that was lying on its side at the station was lifted up and then inspected by firefighters and police , who did not find any additional victims , Fuzeau said . Various government officials and authorities had earlier given conflicting death tolls . A moment 's silence for the victims was to be observed at noon Saturday at rail stations and on trains across France , said Guillaume Pepy , president of the railway company SNCF . Services have been suspended on the line where the accident occurred , Pepy said . Footage from the station Friday showed a scene of devastation , with the derailed train cars twisted and crumpled across the platform and track . Rescue workers searched the wreckage for the dead and injured . French President Francois Hollande visited the scene of the derailment Friday , when he praised the work of emergency responders . Hollande , who said he 'd traveled on the route before , announced three investigations : a judicial inquiry , an internal inquiry within SNCF and an inquiry that will be handled by the country 's transport ministry . The train was carrying about 370 people at the time of the incident . Alain Krakovitch , responsible for rail service safety and quality at SNCF , told BFMTV that the train was traveling at a normal speed when it reached Bretigny-sur-Orge about 20 minutes after its departure from Paris Austerlitz . The train and station platform were busy with travelers on what is a holiday weekend in France . A passenger in the first car of the train , whose name was given only as Laurent , told BFMTV he had felt a powerful shaking , lasting 10 to 15 seconds . Smoke was everywhere , he said . His rail car remained on the track , but the passengers could see the derailed cars behind , he said . Officials praised the swift reaction of the train 's driver , which meant other train services were halted before they could hit the wreckage . "  The train driver had an extraordinary reflex in immediately signaling the alert , " Transport Minister Frederic Cuvillier told BFMTV . Freight train hits truck and derails in Maryland Death toll in Canadian train disaster at 35	NEW : Death toll stands definitively at six , government official says French rail company chief says a part disconnected from the switching mechanism 22 others were injured in the derailment south of Paris French President Francois Hollande visited the scene of the derailment
CNN  -- Actor Sean Penn , a friend of Bolivian President Evo Morales , nonetheless angered the South American country 's government after his call for the release of a U.S. businessman who has been imprisoned since 2011 . Penn , known for his chumminess with Latin America 's leftist leaders , is also an advocate for Brooklyn flooring contractor Jacob Ostreicher , whose supporters say has spent two years detained in Bolivia without evidence . At a House Foreign Affairs subcommittee meeting Monday , Penn asked U.S. lawmakers to pressure the sponsors of the off-road Dakar Rally to cancel its planned 2014 route through Bolivia if Ostreicher is not freed . "  The Dakar Rally , one of the world 's most prominent displays of freedom and tenacity of the human spirit , will be parading through Bolivia even as thousands of prisoners like Mr. Ostreicher sit in feces-filled cells , forgotten behind locked walls , " Penn said . On Tuesday , Bolivia 's minister of culture shot back . "  The remarks by Mr. Penn are his worst acting in all of his career , " Pablo Groux said , according to the state-run ABI news agency . "  The remark is offensive to the Bolivian people , totally out of context and lacking any understanding . " The minister said the actor 's comments harkened back to a time when the United States exerted heavy influence in Latin America . "  Those days are long gone , " Groux said . The rebuke from the Bolivian official is notable coming from a government that Penn has been friendly with . During his testimony before the subcommittee , Penn said that he does not blame Morales for Ostreicher 's situation , but endemic corruption in the judiciary . Penn said that he met with Morales last year , with evidence supporting Ostreicher 's innocence , and that "  these findings were received by the president with tremendous personal and human grief . " Ostreicher is under house arrest after spending 18 months in a notorious prison while his case crawled in the overburdened Bolivian judicial system . He was arrested in June 2011 on suspicion of money laundering tied to a rice-growing operation , and he languished in prison without formal charges . He maintained that corrupt officials had trumped up the case , and last year , six government officials were arrested for allegedly extorting and stealing from Ostreicher . But the case against him has not been dropped . READ MORE : American on hunger strike after 11 months in Bolivian prison READ MORE : Bolivia releases imprisoned American after 18 months	Sean Penn has advocated for the release of a U.S. man from Bolivia Penn called on U.S. lawmakers to pressure the Bolivian government A Bolivian minister lashed out at Penn for his comments The actor has a historically close relationship with Bolivia
CNN  -- Jason Priestley is ready to spill details about his life in a new memoir . The 43-year-old actor has landed a deal with HarperCollins ' HarperOne imprint to produce a book that will cover his life and career , including the 10 years he spent playing Brandon Walsh on the classic '90s series , "  Beverly Hills , 90210 . " "  This memoir will offer his fans rare insight into the real Jason , " HarperOne 's executive editor , Nancy Hancock , said in a statement . "  It will be a must-have for every ' 90210 ' fan on the planet , and a must-read for those wanting to know more about Jason 's real life then and today . " According to The Hollywood Reporter , who first reported the news , the actor will delve into his "  complicated relationship " with "  90210 " creator Aaron Spelling and what happened after the series ended with its 10th season in 2000 . It 'll also offer insight into Priestley 's history with alcohol  he spent five days in jail after a 2000 drunken-driving incident  , and a "  life-changing " 2002 car crash . The as-yet-untitled book is scheduled to be released in spring 2014 . "  Writing your memoir is no small task . And although I 've only been on the planet for 44 years , I 've lived a lot in that time , " said the actor , who will celebrate his 44th birthday August 28 . "  I hope my story will enlighten , entertain , and inspire those who read it . "	Actor Jason Priestley is writing a memoir It 'll touch on the personal and professional , including "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " The memoir will be released by HarperOne in spring 2014
Singapore  CNN  -- Holding a black noose over her head , Singaporean forensics expert Lim Chin-Chin explained Wednesday to a packed courtroom how re-enactments showed that American engineer Shane Todd would have been able to hang himself from a similar black strap attached to his bathroom door . "  One final push and he lands , " she said , describing how a chair could be shoved away by the feet so a body would drop . This was the third day of the inquiry into the death of Todd , who was found hanging in his Singapore apartment on June 24 . Singapore 's medical examiner concluded that Todd committed suicide , but Todd 's parents disagreed and hired a pathologist in the U.S. who -- based on Singapore 's autopsy report and photographs of the body -- suggested there was evidence that his death was a homicide . Singaporean lawyers hired by the Todd family have suggested Singapore 's police work was sloppy and that an assumption of suicide led police to neglect other evidence . In court , the Todds ' lawyers asserted a possible crime scene was altered : Todd 's hanging body was cut down and laid on the floor and a nearby chair moved before a forensics team and photographer arrived . Police maintain this follows standard procedure . U.S. senators seek to stop funding Singapore firm after American 's death On Tuesday a senior police inspector told the court it was n't necessary to take fingerprint or DNA swabs at the scene because there were no "  tampering marks " on Todd 's apartment door , and no "  signs of ransack " in his apartment . The 31-year-old Todd had been working for a year and a half at the Singapore government 's Institute of Microelectronics  IME  when he decided to quit his job and return home to the United States . He was part of a team researching uses of Gallium Nitride  GaN  , a semiconductor that can operate at extremely high temperatures . Documents found on Todd 's laptop after his death reportedly indicate IME may have had plans with Chinese telecom giant Huawei to co-develop an amplifier using GaN . Such a device could have both military as well as civilian uses . Todd 's parents believe their son may have been murdered over his knowledge of such a sensitive project . They say their son had warned them his life was in danger . Both IME and Huawei deny that any joint GaN project ever went forward . The lawyers for Singapore 's Attorney General say they plan to show evidence that Todd had little experience in GaN work and "  found it difficult to cope . " The state also says Todd 's laptop shows he accessed suicide-related web pages in the months before his death , with a search in March on how to tie a hangman 's noose . Lim , who heads Singapore 's main Forensics Lab , walked through a detailed presentation of simulations intended to recreate the evidence found in Todd 's apartment -- the compression marks on the doorframe caused by a hanging weight , and floor scratches that matched the movement of a chair which Todd could have pushed away with his feet as he hanged himself . READ MORE : Montana family disputes Singapore police probe into son 's death Todd 's parents , who flew to Singapore from their home in Montana , watched Lim 's testimony in silence as pictures of their son 's dead body were displayed . But after Lim finished , Todd 's mother appeared unable to continue , and requested the family 's lawyers call for an end to the day 's proceedings . Outside court , Rick and Mary Todd expressed disgust with the inquiry . "  What we 've been discovering is that the evidence that 's been presented , we ca n't rely on . It 's been moved , it has n't been preserved and we are trying to get to the bottom of it , if we ever will be able get to the bottom of it , " said Rick Todd . Todd 's mother , Mary , wept as she told reporters the police and Singapore 's investigators had ignored evidence . "  We have given them evidence from the minute we heard that our son was hung , that he could have been murdered . We 've given them computer forensic evidence , we 've given them physical evidence ... Why are they not looking into all of those things that add up to murder , not suicide ? " she asked "  I am very , very disappointed in this process and I want the truth to be known in Singapore . " Wednesday 's inquiry also focused on Todd 's phone and laptop . Peter Ong , a lawyer for the Todd family , had raised the question of whether Todd 's laptop could have been hacked or remotely accessed to upload information or insert a suicide note . Singapore 's technology crime forensics expert Kristen Soong testified that she had conducted several tests for viruses and that she had found no evidence of remote access or any trace of malicious software . "  There was only one user by the name of Shane to this account , " Soong added . Ong also asked why there was activity on Todd 's phone after his death , when the phone was in police custody . He introduced phone records he said showed activity over a span of five days after Todd 's death . Soong told the court it was up to the police to see if there had been any misuse of the phone , to which the Todd 's lawyer Ong replied , "  Apparently there may be . " The inquiry began on Monday with the testimony of Todd 's friends in Singapore . Todd 's girlfriend Shirley Sarmiento , a nurse in Singapore , was the first witness to be called . She had gone to his apartment on the night of June 24 , concerned when he did n't answer calls or texts , and discovered his hanging body . Sarmiento testified she did n't know the details of his work but said Todd told her "  how much he hated " it . On one occasion he told her he was "  working on something that could get him into trouble with the American government " and that "  heavy hands " were coming after him , though he did n't elaborate . But Todd had also confided in his girlfriend that he had been depressed since October 2011 . But she said he "  did not display any suicidal tendencies . " Michael William Goodwin lived across the hall from Todd . He 'd been the one who first heard the screams of Todd 's girlfriend when she found his body . Goodwin testified that he and Todd talked over beers a month before he died and that he seemed very stressed . "  He told me he wanted a fresh start . He told me he hated his job , " Goodwin said . Asked by one of the Todd 's lawyers if he believed Todd had taken his life , Goodwin said Todd was always "  upbeat " and showed "  no evidence at all that he would ever take his own life . " Asked if he was surprised to hear Todd had been taking medication for depression , Goodwin said , "  It would n't surprise me . " Looking out at the courtroom he said , "  Twenty people in this room " could be suffering from depression and no one would know . Witness testimony will continue until the end of the month . The judge in the inquiry - termed the Coroner in Singapore - will issue a final report declaring whether Shane Todd committed suicide or whether the facts point to "  misadventure . " Any finding other than suicide could potentially be taken up as a criminal case . A determination of "  suicide " by the Coroner would be considered final with no further legal recourse for the family .	Singapore is holding an inquest whether a U.S. engineer 's death was correctly ruled a suicide Shane Todd was found hung in his apartment before his planned departure home to the U.S. His parents contend Singapore police ignored evidence that suggests he may have been murdered Singapore police says that Todd 's computer showed a search for suicide techniques before his death
Fareed Zakaria is a foreign affairs analyst who hosts "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " on CNN at 1 and 5 p.m. ET Sundays . Zakaria says India 's elections could mark its debut as a great power . CNN  -- Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh took the oath of office Friday for a second consecutive term after winning a mandate for his Congress party . President Pratibha Devisingh Patil administered the oath to Singh , seen as the architect of India 's economic reforms in the 1990s . Nineteen other lawmakers also were sworn in as members of the new federal Cabinet . The Indian National Congress , headed by Italian-born Sonia Gandhi , won 206 of 543 boroughs in the April and May general elections . That is the party 's best performance in almost two decades that saw mostly coalition governments running the country . CNN spoke to author and foreign affairs analyst Fareed Zakaria about the results . CNN : What do you think of the outcome of the Indian elections ? Fareed Zakaria : These elections I think may be looked upon as India 's debut as a great power -- the way the opening ceremonies of the Beijing Olympics heralded China 's debut . They are also the perfect symbol , in this case , of India 's unique strengths -- which are defined not by government power but people power with all the messiness and chaos that implies . With 420 million people voting , India 's recent polling was the biggest exercise of democracy ever . CNN : But the exercise of democracy in India is n't new . What makes this one special ? Zakaria : You are right . It was the result of these elections . Over the last two decades , India has been consumed with its internal divisions -- of caste , ethnicity and religion . This has made if difficult for a government in New Delhi to mobilize national power to any purposeful and responsible end internationally . A decentralized , divided , and diffuse polity has punched well below its weight internationally or adopted policies abroad for purely domestic reasons . That 's bad for India and bad for the world . This could all change , starting with this election result . For the first time in three decades , a single party -- the Indian National Congress -- was given a clear and large mandate . CNN : Why were there so many problems in the past ? Zakaria : It was mainly two issues . First , populism trumps economic reform . Promising the voters goodies works better than imposing budgetary discipline . Two , in the age of terrorism , fear was an easy way to mobilize political support .  These problems have affected democracies in rich countries like America just as much as poor ones .  The Indian results contradict both notions . The Congress Party has been reasonably reform-mined economically and highly responsible on issues of terrorism . It chose not to react violently to the recent Mumbai terror attacks and was vilified as weak by the opposition . The voters did n't buy it . CNN : Can you think of why things have changed for the voters ? Zakaria : I ca n't be certain but I will put some of the credit for providing a new option to voters on the shoulder of Rahul Gandhi . He is the 39-year-old son of the former Prime Minister of India , Rajiv Gandhi , and the current head of the Congress party , Sonia Gandhi . He spent the last few years reviving the grassroots base of the Congress party . He also made a series of big strategic bets during the campaign such as to field young candidates , not to ally with caste-based parties which proved to be right . He , along with his mother and the current Prime Minister Singh , are reviving the Congress party , and have done all this while maintaining a commitment to secularism , economic reform and clean government CNN : So the voters in India got it right ? Zakaria : I think so . But I also do want to take a minute to impress on readers the scope of elections in India . It really is amazing to see the largest democracy at work . First of all , look at the scope . 420 million people voted . That 's more than all the people  men , women and children  who live in the United States , Britain and Canada combined . Then the process -- there are five election days over the course of a month ; votes are cast in almost 1 million polling places . It is by far the biggest exercise in democracy in the history of the world . But all of that is only part of what makes it really remarkable . The Indian electorate is one of the poorest , least educated in the world but they actively participate in the political process . And they voted in a very intelligent way . Something they should be very proud of .	Zakaria : Election shows India 's unique strength , people power 420 million voters make this biggest democracy exercise ever , he says Zakaria : For the first time in three decades , one party has a clear mandate
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A paper cape sits loosely around your shoulders , covering your naked chest . A radiology technologist directs you toward an imposing-looking machine . As you hold your breath , one bare breast at a time is tightly compressed between two flat panels and X-rayed . You 'll undress from the waist up for a mammogram ; wearing two pieces , not a dress , makes it easier . It 's a scene that 's been repeated more than 35 million times in the past year at certified mammogram facilities around the United States . No matter what their age , race or medical history , the female patients probably shared a similar experience during the 20-minute procedure . "  Mammograms are known to be uncomfortable , " concedes Dr. Sujatha Reddy , an Atlanta , Georgia,-based gynecologist . "  The harder they squeeze and squish that breast , the less tissue the X-rays have to go through and the more likely they are to find something . " The American Cancer Society reports two to four mammograms out of every 1,000 lead to a diagnosis of cancer . About 10 percent of women who have a mammogram will require more tests . Accuracy often depends on patient cooperation , but Reddy reveals there 's another side as well : "  A mammogram is only going to be as good as the technician and the doctor who read it , so you want to go to a good place . " A recent study in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute reports that doctors reading mammograms miss an average of two in every 10 cases of breast cancer . Medical experts remind women that mammograms alone do n't guarantee a clean bill of health . "  I wish I could say the mammogram could find 100 percent of breast cancers , " Reddy said . "  I think we have to rely on having a clinical breast exam once a year at a health care provider and doing your self-breast exam on a monthly basis . " Reddy recommends having mammogram screenings at a reputable facility that is certified . She also suggests going to the same office every year so that old X-rays can be compared with new films . A convenient location is another factor that makes it more likely that someone will actually show up for an annual mammogram appointment . Health Minute : Watch more on what to expect during a mammogram . " Fear of discomfort is what often keeps some women away . Reddy advises her patients to schedule a screening appointment for the early part of their menstrual cycle . "  The best time of your cycle to do a mammogram is going to be when your period is over , maybe the week after your period is done when the breasts are not going to be tender . " Caffeinated coffee , tea and soft drinks may also contribute to tender , lumpy breasts . Experts recommend avoiding caffeine for a week before the procedure . Before having any type of imaging test , the Cancer Society warns patients to tell technicians if they think they might be pregnant or are breast feeding . Similarly , reveal any unusual breast symptoms or problems before a mammogram . The screening requires women to undress from the waist up . You 'll be given a disposable wrap to put around your shoulders and chest . Wearing a two-piece outfit will make the process easier and more convenient . Technicians tell patients not to wear deodorant , antiperspirants , perfumes or powders . They might leave a residue that can be picked up on the X-rays , interfering with the results . All mammogram facilities are required to issue results within 30 days , but many will contact patients within a week if there is a problem with the mammogram . The Cancer Society recommends women 40 and older get a mammogram every year . Younger women may be advised to be screened earlier if there is a family history of breast cancer . E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . CNN medical producer Linda Saether contributed to this report .	More than 35 million mammograms performed annually in the U.S. Be screened at the same place every year ; makes comparing images easier Minimize discomfort by going early in your monthly cycle
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A 14-year-old girl disappears on her way home from school , another is last seen near her home and a 16-year-old vanishes after leaving her fast-food job for the day . Amanda Berry is shown near the time of her disappearance in 2003 , and how she might appear today . All from the same neighborhood in Cleveland , Ohio , the girls disappeared within five blocks of each other over a four-year span , starting in 2003 . Agents and detectives from the FBI and Cleveland Police are looking into hundreds of leads in the cases and whether they may be linked , according to FBI Special Agent Scott Wilson in the agency 's Cleveland bureau . "  We kind of put all three of these cases together to work them to see if there 's any connection , " Wilson said . Amanda Berry , 16 , vanished on April 21 , 2003 , after she left her job at a Burger King at about 7:30 p.m. . But she never made it to her home just a few blocks away , the FBI says . Berry has pierced ears , a pierced left eyebrow and a scar on her lower abdomen . She would now be 22 . Georgina DeJesus was last seen at a pay phone around 3 p.m. on April 2 , 2004 , as she headed home from school . She and a friend had called the friend 's mother seeking permission for a sleepover at DeJesus ' house , but the answer was no . The girls then parted ways , and DeJesus was never seen again . She was wearing a white jacket , a sky blue sweater , blue jeans and a cream shirt . She has a light birthmark on her right leg and pierced ears , the FBI says . DeJesus was 14 when she disappeared and would now be 19 . Ashley Summers , last seen July 6 , 2007 , has a heart-shaped tattoo with "  Gene " on her upper arm . She was initially reported as a runaway after a family argument . "  But the problem is , she 's never been seen again , " Wilson said . Summers , 14 , would now be 15 . Citing FBI policy , Wilson declined to say whether there are persons of interest in any of the three cases . The girls did not know each other and the FBI would not say whether any of them had mutual friends or acquaintances . "  It 's certainly very concerning to us that we have three young girls missing from the same general area and we have to look at every possibility of what happened to them , " Wilson said .	Three girls disappear within five blocks of each other over four years Police , FBI in Cleveland , Ohio , looking into hundreds of leads Investigators not yet sure there 's a connection Tip ? Call the FBI at 216 522-1400 or Cleveland Police at 216 623-5000
CNN  -- The death of Tom Sparks , a 33-year-old former TV host from California who was participating as a third-season contestant on ABC 's reality show "  Wipeout , " likely was caused by a pre-existing condition , but the Los Angeles County coroner 's office is still examining all possibilities . Sparks died on November 5 of an apparent stroke that his doctors believe was triggered by a pre-existing disease that causes unnatural blood clotting , according to a statement his father released to the Idaho Mountain Express . Sparks previously had worked in radio in Idaho , according to his résumé . An autopsy was conducted on November 8 , but test results are still pending . "  There 's nothing we can confirm until we look at everything , " the coroner 's office told CNN . "  We do n't want to jump to any conclusions yet . " A source close to the production company that produces "  Wipeout " for ABC said that Sparks began to complain of knee pain while running through the first part of an obstacle course challenge during taping on October 19 . Although Sparks was in good spirits , the spokesperson said , producers pulled him from the course . Medics realized he was also experiencing shortness of breath and sent Sparks to a hospital close to "  Wipeout 's " set . Between the day of taping and November 5 , Sparks was transferred to Cedars Sinai hospital in Los Angeles , California . The Endemol spokesperson said the company requires all participants to undergo a full physical screening , but it 's highly unlikely that Sparks ' disease -- antiphospholipid antibody syndrome , or APS -- could have been detected , and Sparks did not list it as a pre-existing condition . "  We offer our heartfelt condolences to the family , " ABC and Endemol said in a joint statement . "  This is a tragic loss and our thoughts are with them at this time . " Sparks was survived by his wife , Kate , according to the Idaho Mountain Express . The couple would have celebrated their two-month wedding anniversary on November 6 .	Tom Sparks , a 33-year-old Californian , died November 5 of an apparent stroke His father released a statement that it was probably caused by a pre-existing condition The Los Angeles coroner 's office told CNN they can not confirm the cause of death Sparks was first sent to the hospital after taping an episode of "  Wipeout " in October
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- About 50 students broke into a Dutch consulate compound in Indonesia Wednesday to protest a film by a Dutch lawmaker that many Muslims consider anti-Islamic . Protesters demonstrate against an anti-Islamic film in front of the Dutch embassy in Jakarta . The protesters tore off the gate of the embassy in the city of Medan and ripped down a flag , said Dutch Embassy spokeswoman Gonneke de Ridder . Local television carried pictures of police dispersing and rounding up demonstrators . There were no immediate reports of injuries . Indonesia is the world 's most populous Muslim nation . The 15-minute film , "  Fitna , " features disturbing images of terrorist acts juxtaposed over verses from the Quran to paint Islam as a threat to Western society . It has been posted on several Web sites , including Google Video and YouTube . Dutch Prime Minister Jan Beter Balkanende has said his government worried that Geert Wilders ' film could provoke a violent backlash . The film has prompted protests in other parts of the Muslim world . Soon after its release last month , hundreds of angry Muslims rallied in Pakistan , where the government temporarily blocked access of YouTube over a trailer for Wilders ' film . The protesters burned the Dutch flag and called on Pakistan to cut ties with the Netherlands . The Dutch government and others , including the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , have rejected the film . The OIC has 57 member states over four continents and claims on its Web site to be the second largest inter-governmental organization , after the United Nations . In its statement , it urged the international community to condemn the showing of the film and asked the Dutch government to prosecute the author of the documentary under Dutch law . Wilders has stood by his project . "  My intention was not to offend in any way , but to show the truth -- at least the truth as I see it , " Wilders told CNN . "  And if the truth hurts and could be offensive , well , this of course is not my problem . " Wilders is a member of the Dutch parliament from the conservative Party for Freedom and an outspoken critic of Islam . He said he has "  big problems " with Islam 's Prophet Mohammed , the Quran and "  everything that is stated inside this terrible book . " The title , "  Fitna , " translates in Arabic to "  strife " or "  conflict " of the type that occurs within families or any other homogenous group . The film opens with passages from the Quran , interspersed with graphic images of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks against the United States . The video also includes disturbing images of other terror attacks -- bloodied victims ; beheadings of hostages ; executions of women in hijab , the traditional Muslim attire ; and footage , with subtitles , of Islamic leaders preaching inflammatory sermons against Jews and Christians . E-mail to a friend From CNN 's Kathy Quiano	Protesters break into Dutch consolate compound in Indonesian city of Medan Flag pulled down , gate ripped off embassy , Dutch spokeswoman tells CNN Protests prompted by a film juxtaposing images of terrorism with verses from Quran Filmmaker Geert Wilders is a conservative member of Dutch parliament
CNN  -- Though they had perhaps crossed paths several times on campus , it was only when Andy Lalinde was scrolling through images of cute girls online that the one with brunette hair standing in some South American country caught his eye . He opened her profile and saw her name was Michelle Przybyski . She was 26 and studying to be a nurse . Better yet , she lived only a few blocks away . With nothing to lose , Lalinde wrote a funny message proclaiming his love for nurses and hit send . One walk of four hours with Lalinde 's dog , Domino , around campus and a date at the library  that did n't really involve studying  later , the two Columbia University graduate students applied for a marriage license in New York just 10 days after meeting in person . Why so soon ? "  I think when you know , you know , " Michelle said . While they could have passed each other walking to class , it took Datemyschool.com -- an online dating website exclusively for college students -- to bring them together and officially exchange vows on April 29 . With countless dating websites such as match.com , eharmony.com and okcupid.com , the online dating market is a bit crowded . But Date My School has inched its way in and formed a niche for students searching for a boyfriend or girlfriend who shares the same educational goals and understands school comes first on the priority list . Lara Hirner , a grad student at Columbia University 's Teachers College , has gone on dates to the opera , Central Park and ice cream shops with guys she met on Date My School . "  The guys place the same priority on education and the same passion for their careers as I do , " Hirner said . "  We 're also at similar places in our lives , being students , which makes it easier to relate . " Columbia University students Balazs Alexa and Jean Meyer started the dating website on campus in November . This month , the site launched at 140 more schools nationwide , giving more college students the opportunity to meet their future husbands or wives . Alexa and Meyer , both recent graduates of the Business School , came up with the idea after a girlfriend complained that there was not enough testosterone in the School of Social Work . On the flip side , men in the Business School often wished for more women study buddies . If potential lovers were n't meeting in the classroom , the university needed a better platform for both sexes to interact . The solution : A dating website exclusively for college students . With more than 20,000 registered users , the site continues growing and has doubled its members in the past four months . Some have compared it to Facebook -- pointing out that the social network was also open to only college students when it began . But Alexa insists Date My School is not the next Facebook . "  We expanded in a similar manner that they did initially , but then they opened it up for everybody in the world , " he said . "  We will never do that . " Only students or alumni with an active university e-mail account can register on the site . From there , users can narrow their searches to students attending specific schools . They can go one step further and select to meet only students with majors such as business , art or engineering . Improving your looks online In its first few months , Date My School was only offered to undergraduate and graduate students at 20 schools , including Columbia , New York University , Harvard University and MIT . The site took off at a rapid pace , as 1,300 students at Columbia signed up in the first week . "  I think we are responsible for more than half of the dates and meetings between students on campus , " Alexa said . He added that the site is successful because it 's safe , and it works . "  Usually , people have a date within the same day they register , " Alexa said . "  If you go to any other dating site , you have to have conversations with other people for weeks before you can be sure it 's safe , that  the person  is not a freak . " With Date My School , there 's an initial trust that stems from choosing dates who share common interests and live on campus or attend a nearby school . That 's the beauty of Date My School , says Julie Spira , an online dating expert and author of "  The Perils of Cyber Dating . " "  A student at GW might want to meet someone to date at American University , " she said . "  Now , it 's both technically and geographically possible for them to find love online . " College : hookups in , dating out The site fills a void for college students in the online dating world . According to Spira , about 25 % of match.com users are 30 years or younger , and there 's no guarantee they 're college grads . Date My School is the only dating site that specifies the user 's alma mater . "  If somebody really has their heart on meeting somebody from Princeton , this is a great way to narrow down the search , " Spira said . While Date My School 's creators want to distance themselves from Facebook , Spira credits it for lifting the stigma surrounding online dating . Spira , who tried online dating in 1994 before match.com and eharmony.com existed , explained that people now feel comfortable talking to others and forming relationships online . "  If it was n't for Facebook 's popularity ... it would n't have allowed online dating to really become what I feel is now social dating , " she said . The Pew Internet & American Life Project surveyed the number of online daters in 2006 . Results indicated that one in 10 Internet users have tried online dating sites . Online dating tips The number is much higher today , according to Alexa , but people still avoid online dating because they 're embarrassed or believe dating sites are a waste of time . "  They think that if they go to a bar , it is still more easy to get a date , " he said . But for students who are swamped with hours of studying and lab research , meeting someone at a bar or party is just not that simple when there 's no time to socialize . Karent Zorogastua , a second-year grad student at Columbia 's School of Public Health with a hectic schedule , registered with match.com but stopped after guys she was not interested in contacted her . "  There was one guy who looked like Flavor Flav , and I was like , ` Oh no , this is not working for me , ' " she said . "  Nothing against Flavor Flav , but he 's not my type . " Zorogastua said she 'd be more willing to give Date My School a go , since she could narrow the search to a student also in an intense grad program who understands she does n't have to time to commit to a serious relationship . Do n't be offended by online-dating rejection "  A lot of people knock it , they just thinks it 's kind of cheesy , but you know what , it 's an option , " Andy Lalinde said . Before registering on Date My School , the 33-year-old wanted to be in a relationship but was just too busy to go out . "  It was always just me , the dog and school , " Lalinde admitted . He says he has Date My School to thank for meeting his wife and now helps his friends write profiles because his humorous tone is what attracted Michelle . Alexa and Meyer , 29-year-old best friends who have made running Date My School a full-time job , plan to continue expanding the site across the United States and eventually France , where Meyer is from . A recent $ 500,000 grant from investors and future business prospects are helping them turn their match-making service into a profitable venture . And with the thousands of datable women at their fingertips , you 'd expect the guys to be at the movies every night . But Alexa said they have a strict policy that forbids dating anyone on their site . "  Of course , girls are writing to us all the time , but we try to resist , " he said .	Two Columbia graduates started an online dating site exclusively for college students Date My School launched at 140 universities across the nation this month Does it work ? Two students who got married three months after meeting on the site say yes
CNN  -- Northern Ireland 's incredible golfing year continued on Saturday as Michael Hoey remained ahead of his more heralded compatriots at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship in Scotland . The 32-year-old will take a three-shot lead from 2010 U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell as he seeks the biggest win of his career , and third European Tour title overall in the pro-am event played over three seaside courses . Ranked 271st in the world , he completed his third successive round of 66 , this time at the tough Carnoustie course , to be on 18-under-par 198 and in pole position for the $ 785,000 first prize . The joint halfway leader fired five birdies and an eagle , while compatriot McDowell carded 67 at St. Andrews to be one shot clear of 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen . Hollywood A-listers hit the greens "  Michael has always been a very talented player , " McDowell said . "  He 's a great ball-striker , has a great swing . He has always had the talent and won the British Amateur in 2001 before playing on a winning Walker Cup side . "  It 's a fine line between guys who go on to become the best in the world and guys who become journeymen pros . And you would n't say Michael is a journeyman , he 's popped up twice and won on tour , and won well each time . " South Africa 's Oosthuizen shot 69 at St. Andrews to be one ahead of Northern Ireland 's reigning U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy . World No. 3 McIlroy carded 66 , also at the home of golf , to be tied for fourth with a group of seven players including world No. 1 Luke Donald and three-time major winner Padraig Harrington of Ireland . Donald fired a flawless nine-birdie round of 63 to tie McIlroy 's 2010 course record at St. Andrews , as did Simon Dyson , with both Englishmen in final-day contention five shots behind Hoey . Masters champion Charl Schwartzel was tied for 11th after a 66 at St. Andrews , while world No. 2 Lee Westwood was another shot back on 205 after a 68 at the same course . Northern Ireland 's current British Open champion Darren Clarke this week admitted he is struggling for motivation following his breakthrough major triumph in July , and that languor continued as he carded 70 at St. Andrews to be 19 shots off Hoey 's pace . Hoey was also in the running in the pro-am section , as he and U.S. businessman William Farish Jr. were a shot behind England 's Nick Dougherty and UK broadcaster Chris Evans . Dyson , paired with former chart-topping pop star Huey Lewis , was third . Actor Hugh Grant was tied for 56th , while Hollywood heavyweight Michael Douglas was joint 100th as he played with veteran eight-time European No. 1 Colin Montgomerie . The 2010 Ryder Cup-winning captain was 18th in the main event after a 66 .	Northerhn Irish golfer Michael Hoey moves three shots clear at Alfred Dunhill Links World No. 271 cards his third successive 66 in European Tour event in Scotland Compatriot Graeme McDowell is second going into Sunday 's final round Fellow countryman Rory McIlroy is also in contention tied for fourth
CNN  -- The defense team for Charles Taylor , the former Liberian president accused of war crimes , formally concluded its case on Friday , the Special Court for Sierra Leone said . The defense case began in July 2009 , and 21 witnesses were called in Taylor 's defense , including Taylor , who faces an 11-count indictment for war crimes and crimes against humanity . Prosecutor Brenda J. Hollis on Friday welcomed the end of the evidence phase of the trial as an "  important step " and lauded the witnesses who testified for the prosecution and defense . "  Their courage and willingness to take the stand and bear witness has been an inspiration . We in the prosecution have always said that we fight for justice in the name of the victims , but they are the ones who have truly made justice possible , " she said . Taylor took the stand in July 2009 and ended his testimony in February . The last witness was a Liberian commander of the Revolutionary United Front . The trial is being held at Hague , Netherlands . The war crimes charges against him stem from the widespread murder , rape and mutilation that occurred during the civil war in Sierra Leone , fought largely by teenagers who were forced to kill , given addictive drugs to provoke violent behavior and were often instructed to rape and plunder . Taylor -- who was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003 -- is charged with five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , enslavement and sexual slavery and violence . He also faces five counts of war crimes , including acts of terrorism and torture , and one count of other serious violations of international humanitarian law . He has pleaded not guilty . Ninety-one prosecution witnesses had taken the stand in Hague , and the prosecution reopened its case in August to hear testimony from three added witnesses . Closing oral arguments are set for February 8 , 9 and 11 , and a trial judgment is expected in mid-2011 .	Defense called 21 witnesses in former president 's war crimes trial Charles Taylor took the stand in July 2009 , has pleaded not guilty Taylor is charged with crimes against humanity , including murder , sexual slavery Verdict is expected in mid-2011
CNN  -- When President Barack Obama meets with other world leaders , they usually swap gifts . And these are much higher-end than your typical office secret Santa exchange . Presidents , kings and prime ministers showered Obama and his family with a wide assortment of tokens and trinkets , including a bamboo bicycle , masks , liquor and a small sword . And one -- British Prime Minister David Cameron -- even bestowed Bo , the first dog , with a bone-shaped chew toy adorned with a UK flag . The State Department released a detailed list of gifts to the White House and other government officials in 2011 , the latest year available . Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy and his wife , Carla Bruni , were among the biggest spenders , dishing out gifts of all sorts , including luxury bags , polo shirts and chocolates . The Sarkozys bestowed Obama a black Hermes golf accessory bag estimated at $ 7,750 , a Louis Vuitton bag worth $ 2,300 and crystal table lamps for first lady Michelle Obama . They also gave the Obamas a reusable grocery bag emblazoned with a dandelion , and his-and-hers Dior bathrobes . Qatari officials gave the president a wooden case containing a small sword while the Philippines ambassador gave him a bamboo bicycle . The White House did not keep the gifts , but it did not return them either . As required by law , the swag was hauled to the National Archives and Records Administration . The General Services Administration currently mandates that any gift over $ 350 be turned over to the government . "  Non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S. government , " the report said in justifying its decision to send them to the national archives , rather than refuse them . The gift list disclosed Friday includes rugs from Pakistani and Afghan leaders , and flavored liquor from the Polish president . From Down Under came a white 2GB iPod shuffle , courtesy of the Australian prime minister . U.S. neighbors to the north gave a basketball signed by the 2010-11 Toronto Raptors NBA team , courtesy of the Canadian prime minister . Then there were the pricey art gifts . A print photograph by artist Vik Muniz from a Brazilian governor . Price tag ? $ 40,000 . That gift did not go to the national archives . It was loaned to an unnamed museum for a public exhibit , the statement said . A Daum blue mask sculpture from the Gabonese president valued at $ 52,695 was sent to the national archives . Some gifts were more official , including a bronze statue of Abraham Lincoln given by the Chinese president . And the list goes on and on . But the president retained one gift -- a book from the Mongolian president , "  Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World " by Jack Weatherford . Obama is not the only leader of the free world to receive gifts . While in office , President George W. Bush was lavished with tokens as well , according to 2009 government records . Gifts to him included a silver and gold dagger with a belt and case , all the way from Saudi Arabia . One of his main gifters ? Sarkozy . CNN 's Jason Moon contributed to this report	The Philippines ambassador gives him a bamboo bicycle ; Poland gives him liquor Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was among the biggest spenders He also lavished former President George W. Bush with gifts as well
KARACHI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Police in Pakistan arrested lawyers holding a public protest to demand that the government immediately restore judges the previous president had ousted , Karachi 's police chief told CNN Thursday . Lawyers shout slogans Thursday in Karachi on the eve of a march to Islamabad . Among those detained were Muira Malik , former president of the Supreme Court Bar Association and leader of the Karachi lawyers movement , and retired high court justice Rasheed Razvi , police Chief Wasim Ahmed said . The lawyers were arrested under an order that outlaws public gatherings . The police chief also said authorities had credible information that there was a terror threat against the march and he had warned the lawyers before they started that it would be a public danger . Up to 500 lawyers in the Karachi group planned to join thousands of other demonstrators heading to the capital , Islamabad , as part of a four-day "  Long March . " The demonstrators plan a massive sit-in at the parliament building Monday . "  Our movement is a peaceful movement , " organizer Razvi , president of the Sindh High Court Bar Association , said before his arrest . "  When we protested the last time , there were hundreds of thousands of people and not one grass was broken , not one leaf was broken . " The demonstrators began walking from the gates of the Sindh High Court , heading to a dozen buses that waited to ferry them to their next stop : the city of Hyderabad . "  The rule of baton and bullets can not last , " the protesters chanted . They want President Asif Ali Zardari to live up to a promise to reinstate judges sacked by then-President Pervez Musharraf . Among the dismissed judges was the chief justice of the Supreme Court , Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry . After sweeping into power in parliamentary elections last year , Zardari 's Pakistan Peoples Party promised to reinstate the judges within 30 days of taking office . The deadline came and went . The government responded to the recent intensification of protests by banning political demonstrations in two of the country 's biggest provinces -- Punjab and Sindh . It also detained several hundred activists Wednesday . But the protesters said they will not be deterred . Their movement now , they said , is n't so much about reinstating Chaudhry as it is about restoring the office of the chief justice . "  We will start the long march from the province as we have promised the nation , " Razvi said . The country 's largest opposition party , the Pakistan Muslim League-N  PML-N  , is backing the lawyers -- but for reasons of its own . Party head Nawaz Sharif accuses Zardari of being behind a February Supreme Court decision that bars Sharif from holding public office . The court also stripped Sharif 's brother , Shahbaz , of his post as chief minister of Punjab -- the Sharif party 's power center . Supporters of PML-N have responded by holding massive rallies , some of which have turned violent in recent days . CNN 's Thomas Evans and Zein Basravi contributed to this report	NEW : Lawyers arrested at start of ` Long March ' protest to the capital , Islamabad Protesters heading to Islamabad to take their case to parliament They want judges removed by previous president be restored to office President Zardari 's party had vowed to reinstate judges after winning election
CNN  -- Thierry Henry has assured New York Red Bulls fans that his return to English soccer club Arsenal will not interfere with his American commitments . The former France international signed his long-awaited two-month loan deal with the London side on Friday , but plans to be back for the start of the Major League Soccer season in March . "  I always said I would not play in Europe again , but it is hard for me when it comes to Arsenal , " the 34-year-old the Gunners ' website . "  I am not coming here for the whole season , I will be back and I want to win the MLS Cup with the Red Bulls . I hope it is win-win situation where I can help Arsenal and come back fit for the MLS season . " Who are January 's top transfer targets ? Henry returns to a club where he scored a record 226 goals before joining Spain 's Barcelona in mid-2007 , then moving to the Big Apple in 2010 . A statue of the player has been erected at the Emirates Stadium to mark Arsenal 's 125th anniversary . "  It is unreal , to be honest . But when it comes to Arsenal my heart will always do the talking . Once I knew the plan behind it I was OK with it , " he said . Henry was brought in by manager Arsene Wenger with strikers Gervinho and Marouane Chamakh going to the African Cup of Nations this month , but recognizes that he will be providing backup for a player who has this season taken his mantle as the team 's most influential player and captain -- top scorer Robin van Persie . "  I am not coming here to be a hero or prove anything . I am just coming here to help . People have to understand that , " said Henry , who has been training with the Arsenal squad since November and could make his first appearance in Monday 's FA Cup tie against Leeds . "  It is a loan deal and I 'll be on the bench most of the time . If I can make the bench that is ! The boss has a team here already who are doing something good . I am just going to be part of the squad . " Henry joined Arsenal from Italy 's Juventus in 1999 as an unproven raw talent , despite having already made his international debut and being part of France 's World Cup-winning squad . Wenger transformed him from a wide player into one of the most effective forwards of his generation . "  I am very happy . It was my desire and Thierry 's desire , " Wenger said of his former Monaco protege . "  I am sure during these two months he will be a massive asset to the team in the dressing room and on the pitch . He can be relaxed , not under too much pressure and be a tremendous help to the team . "	Veteran striker Thierry Henry signs two-month loan deal with his former club Arsenal Henry aims to return to New York Red Bulls for start of MLS season in March He is Arsenal 's record goal scorer during an eight-year spell in London until 2007 Henry says he does not expect to be given a regular starting role by Arsene Wenger
CNN  -- A woman with a mysterious smile is one of the most magnetic draws at the world 's most popular museum . Not familiar with her ? Here 's another hint : This centuries-old museum took a breathtaking modern leap in 1989 with the introduction of a glass pyramid outside . Not surprisingly , the Louvre in Paris is the world 's most visited museum , with 9.3 million visitors last year , according to the 2013 Museum Index . The index , released this month as part of the TEA/AECOM Global Attractions Attendance Report , is in its second year of tracking museum attendance . The report tracks top museums in Europe , the United States , Canada and the Asia-Pacific region . Next year , Mexico and Latin America will be included in the museum category , according to engineering design firm AECOM , one of the organizations behind the index . The top 20 museums for 2013 include six museums in London , thanks in part to the heavily promoted 2012 Olympic Games , which brought a boost in visitor interest in the city . Four museums in Washington , three in Paris , two in New York , two in China , two in Taiwan and one in Vatican City round out the rest of the list . Click through the gallery above to see all the world 's most visited museums . World 's top 25 amusement parks And the top spot in Europe is ...	Six of the most visited museums of 2013 are in London The world 's most visited museum is home to Leonardo da Vinci 's "  Mona Lisa " Overall , 2013 attendance at the top 20 museums was up by more than 7 % from 2012
CNN  -- It 's what so many girls and women dream of : That one special man , down on one knee , asking for her hand in marriage , holding out a sparkling engagement ring . But what if he bought the ring while he was picking up a jug of milk , a tub of butter and a jumbo pack of toilet paper ? Would it take away some of the romance if he bought it at a warehouse membership store ? OK , now take a closer look at the ring , because it could be worth $ 1 million . Are you breathless and giddy yet ? Well , the groom-to-be probably would n't pack up the ring with his groceries because Costco is selling the 6.2-carat one-of-a-kind solitaire diamond ring , valued at $ 1,496,255 by the International Gemological Institute , only to members online for $ 1 million . But would the blushing bride-to-be showing off her super-sized bling face a potentially embarrassing question : "  Where did he buy it ? " There should be no stigma there , says HLN money expert Clark Howard , because "  nobody asks a woman where her diamond came from . " Howard bought his wife 's engagement ring at a membership store "  because it was a deal , and she loved it . " "  The best part about buying a diamond from Costco is the right to return for a full refund for any reason at any time , " Clark said . "  That is unheard of in the jewelry business . " Costco officials say they 've seen a rise in jewelry sales since their e-commerce site went live five years ago . Their biggest sale so far is an engagement ring that sold for close to $ 500,000 . Warehouse competitor Sam 's Club also offers diamond engagement rings and luxury jewelry online . Currently , their highest priced item tops Costco 's - a 97.68 carat total weight yellow and white diamond necklace set in platinum priced just under $ 2 million . Costco has received serious inquiries about its million-dollar ring , senior vice president Ginnie Roeglin said . "  Costco appeals to a high demographic profile , " Roeglin said . "  We offer top-quality merchandise at a terrific value . " The company has recently marketed itself as a discount destination for couples tying the knot -- selling rings , invitations , gourmet food and drink , and even designer wedding gowns . But some couples say a  hopefully  once-in-a-lifetime purchase of this kind requires personalized service . Jack Guest says he shopped online and in stores a few months before finding the perfect diamond for his fiancee . The health care marketing professional decided to buy his ring at Buckhead Diamond , a small family-owned jewelry boutique in Atlanta . Guest said he did n't mind paying a little extra for his fiancee 's ring because it was important to get to know the people who sold it . "  There 's still something to be said for the local merchant , " Guest said . "  They have value-added services , such as ring cleaning anytime she wants to stop by . " Buckhead Diamond owner David Ben Moshe says the "  Costco pricing mentality " takes away the "  magic " of purchasing such a personal piece of jewelry . "  If you are going to give your girlfriend an engagement ring , and she 's going to see it among bread and tomatoes , she 's not going to feel that special , " he said .	A membership-only warehouse store is selling a diamond ring online for $ 1 million HLN money expert Clark Howard says he bought his wife 's engagement ring at Costco But one man decided to buy his future wife 's ring at a local store for the personal service
CNN  -- Miss Rhode Island , Olivia Culpo , won the title of Miss USA 2012 on Sunday night , beating a field of 50 high-heeled contestants at the pageant held in Las Vegas . Wearing a purple , flowing gown , the 20-year-old Boston University sophomore looked at ease in the final rounds of competition , dancing alongside singer Akon during his live performance with the five finalists . A cellist for 13 years , Culpo emphasized the importance of music education . She has performed at Boston Symphony Hall and Carnegie Hall in New York City . The first runner-up was Miss Maryland , Nana Meriwhether . The remaining three finalists were Miss Ohio , Audrey Bolte ; Miss Nevada , Jade Kelsall ; and Miss Georgia , Jasmyn "  Jazz " Wilkins . For the first time , viewers were able to ask Miss USA contestants a question via Twitter during the show . The pageant was broadcast live from Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas . Contestants representing all 50 states and the District of Columbia competed in swimsuit , evening gown and interview competitions . Miss USA 2011 , Alyssa Campanella , crowned the winner . This year 's panel of celebrity judges included chef Cat Cora ; talk-show host and "  Celebrity Apprentice " winner Arsenio Hall ; musician Joe Jonas ; actress Marilu Henner ; television personality Rob Kardashian ; Dayana Mendoza , Miss Universe 2008 ; George Kotsiopoulous , co-host of E! 's "  Fashion Police " ; and Ali Fedotowsky , formerly of "  The Bachelorette . " Culpo will represent the United States in the upcoming Miss Universe pageant .	Olivia Culpo , 20 , of Rhode Island is the new Miss USA Miss Maryland , Miss Ohio , Miss Nevada and Miss Georgia are the runners-up Online voting from viewers returned this year Judges included chef Cat Cora and Arsenio Hall
CNN  -- One of Germany 's most famous footballers has been banned by soccer 's ruling body for failing to cooperate with an investigation into corruption within the game . Franz Beckenbauer , the only man to win the World Cup as captain and coach , has been provisionally suspended from any football-related activity for 90 days . FIFA said in a statement Friday that the 68-year-old had been asked to help with its Ethics Committee 's probe into allegations against Qatar 2022 and the World Cup bidding process . "  The apparent breach relates to Mr. Beckenbauer 's failure to cooperate despite repeated requests for his assistance , including requests that he provide information during an in-person interview or in response to written questions provided in both English and German , " FIFA said . "  The case is now the subject of formal investigation proceedings being conducted by investigatory chamber member Vanessa Allard as chief of the investigation . " The chairman of the committee 's investigatory body , New York lawyer Michael Garcia , is expected to announce his findings by the end of July after a long-running examination of the circumstances that saw Russia and Qatar awarded the 2018 and 2022 World Cups respectively . The December 2010 vote by FIFA 's executive committee members to take the sport 's showpiece tournament to the Middle East for the first time has been mired in controversy . Before it even took place , two high-ranking FIFA officials -- Nigeria 's Amos Adamu and Oceania representative Reynald Temarii -- were banned after allegations of bribery . FIFA vice-president Jack Warner chose to quit the following year after being implicated in another bribery scandal involving Mohamed bin Hammam , then head of the Asian Football Confederation . Bin Hammam , who had hoped to be Sepp Blatter 's sole challenger at that year 's FIFA presidential elections , was banned for life . The Qatari has this year been involved in new allegations by Britain 's Sunday Times newspaper , which claimed he had been offering bribes to FIFA delegates for support of his country 's 2022 bid . The 65-year-old -- a former FIFA ExCO member -- has denied all accusations , while the Qatar 2022 Organizing Committee insisted that Bin Hammam had not been working for them . Garcia told FIFA 's Congress of its 209 member nations this month that he had been aware of most of the evidence published by the Sunday Times ahead of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , which kicked off on Thursday . Blatter used the Congress in Sao Paulo to indicate that he wants to stand for a fifth term in charge , breaking the promise he made when winning unopposed in 2011 that it would be his last . The 78-year-old , who has been in office since 1998 , said his mission "  is not finished . " It sparked anger among FIFA 's European member nations , with UEFA president Michel Platini withdrawing his support for Blatter . The former France international has indicated he is unlikely to run against the Swiss in next year 's elections , but compatriot and former FIFA official Jerome Champagne will stand against his old boss Blatter . Beckenbauer led West Germany to World Cup success as a player in 1974 and as coach in 1990 . He played a leading role in a united Germany hosting the 2006 tournament , and was one of the 22 FIFA EXCo members who voted on the 2018 and 2022 events . The Sunday Times alleged that he visited Qatar before and after the 2010 vote after being invited by Bin Hammam . Last week Beckenbauer told German media that he did not respond to Garcia 's questions because they were in English and he did not understand them . Although he is no longer an ExCo member , Beckenbauer is still listed on the ruling body 's website as a special adviser to the FIFA Football Committee . He is also an honorary president at Bayern Munich , the club where he spent most of his playing career and won three successive European Cups from 1974-76 and four German Bundesliga titles . Meanwhile , Interpol has sent a team to Brazil and to key areas around the world due to serious concerns about match-fixing and illegal betting at the World Cup . "  There are organized crime groups engaged in illegal betting , and with illegal betting there 's a greater likelihood that there could be an influence on the outcome of the match or an influence on what happens on the pitch based on a bribe or some kind of corrupt act , " the international crime agency 's Secretary General Ron Noble told CNN Friday .	FIFA bans German great Franz Beckenbauer from football-related activities for 90 days Football 's ruling body says 68-year-old did not help with investigation into World Cup bids Beckenbauer had been one of FIFA members to vote on 2018 and 2022 host nations FIFA 's ethics committee is expected to release its findings at the end of July
CNN  -- Bubba Watson will take a three-shot lead heading into the final two rounds of the Masters at Augusta National after firing a four-under par 68 on Friday . An incredible run of five straight birdies on Augusta 's famously difficult back nine helped put the 2012 champion in pole position heading into the weekend . Watson 's initial progress was unremarkable as he reached the turn in even par -- a birdie at the par-four seventh was canceled out two holes later with bogey at nine . But his challenge burst into life at the par-three 12th when he fired his tee shot to two-and-a-half feet to leave a simple tap in for birdie . Another followed at the 13th hole before an astonishing putt at the 14th made it three in a row . Two further birdies saw Watson reach eight-under before his hot streak ended with a par at the 17th followed by a bogey at the last . Together with his opening round 69 , Watson is now seven-under par and in control of the tournament . "  It 's never easy , " Watson said . "  It 's a great test of golf and I just got some good breaks , some good things that went my way . Guessed the wind right on the stretch of holes on the back nine there . " Watson 's string of birdies bettered a run of four he made in the final round when he won two years ago . Full leaderboard : PGA.com "  That five hole stretch was good . It 's one of those where you 're not focused on what you 're doing , you do n't know that you 're making all these birdies , you 're focused on one shot at a time , " he said . Watson was one of the early finishers on day two and no one came close to challenging him as the afternoon wore on . Overnight leader Bill Haas stuttered to the turn in one over , before watching the wheels come off his round at Amen Corner completing the three-hole stretch of 11 , 12 and 13 in four-over par . The 31-year-old ended the day with a 78 to fall back to two over par . He was n't the only one to struggle as the wind picked up and the greens dried out . Defending champion Adam Scott toiled on the opening nine dropping three shots before mounting a recovery with birdies at the 12th , 13th and 15th to finish at three under after 36 holes . "  It was so difficult early on , the greens were very dried out and it was hard to make some putts -- it was hard to hit them confidently , " Scott said . "  I did n't really play well at the start but then made the turn -- you can make it happen if you get through the first couple of holes on the back nine . " The Australian finds himself in a four-way tie for third alongside Dane Thomas Bjorn  68  and Master 's rookies Jonas Blixt from Sweden who posted a 71 on Friday and 20-year-old Jordan Spieth from the U.S. who shot a round of 70 . Watson 's nearest chaser is another Aussie , John Senden , who finished on four-under par after shooting 68 on Friday . Fred Couples , the 1992 champion , is also in the mix after a second consecutive round of 71 left him two-under par and in a tie for seventh with compatriots Jimmy Walker and Jim Furyk . America 's Kevin Streelman , Russell Henley and Kevin Stadler are joined at one-under par by Welshman Jamie Donaldson and Scot Stephen Gallacher . Further down the leaderboard , it was a good day for three ex-champions from the 1980s . The 1985 winner Bernhard Langer and Larry Mize , whose sensational chip-in at the second play-off hole won the 1987 Masters , both finished comfortably inside the cut at two-over par . Scot Sandy Lyle , who triumphed in 1988 , also squeezed in at four-over par -- the same score as Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy who limped to a 77 . Plenty of big names , however , will not be coming back at the weekend including three-time champion Phil Mickelson who ended five-over on Friday following a round of 73 . Luke Donald also missed the cut by one stroke as did Spain 's Sergio Garcia , South Africa 's 2011 champion Charl Schwartzel and 19-year-old English amateur Matthew Fitzpatrick . Read more : Strong start for reigning champion Scott	2012 champion fires a second round 68 to lead Masters by three at halfway stage Defending champion Adam Scott recovers from poor start to post second round 72 Phil Mickelson misses cut along with Luke Donald and Charl Schwartzel Rory McIlroy also struggles on day two posting a 77 to finish on four-over par
CNN  -- A young blogger arrested in Iran for allegedly insulting supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in an Internet posting has died in prison , his attorney said Friday . The blogger had been jailed for allegedly insulting Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in an internet posting . Attorney Mohammad Ali Dadkhah said Omid Mir Sayafi , reported to be in his 20s , died in Evin prison , which is located in Tehran and known for its wing that holds political prisoners . Dadkhah said a fellow inmate , Dr. Hessam Firouzi , called him Wednesday night with the news -- and said he believed Sayafi would have lived if he received proper medical care . Dadkhah said Firouzi , an imprisoned human-rights activist , said that he carried a semi-conscious Sayafi to a prison doctor but that he did n't receive the care he needed . "  It was Dr. Firouzi 's opinion that if he would 've received proper medical attention , he would not have died , " Dadkhah said . He said Sayafi was buried on Thursday and that his calls to the prison asking for an explanation have not been returned . Dadkhah said Sayafi "  sounded OK " at about 2 p.m. on Wednesday when he last spoke to him by telephone . He said the blogger asked for a book about Nowruz , the Iranian New Year , which begins Friday . The International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran , which advocates for activists in the country , quoted Firouzi on its Web site as saying Sayafi suffered from depression and had taken extra doses of medication on Wednesday . The group blamed Iran 's government for unsafe conditions in its prisons . "  Iranian leaders have relegated the administration of the prison system to a group of incompetent and cruel officials who are showing their utter disregard for human life , " said Hadi Ghaemi , spokesman for the campaign . "  If the authorities do not move quickly to hold negligent officials responsible , they are reinforcing impunity and the lack of accountability . " Sayafi was first arrested in April , then released for 41 days before being arrested again . He was sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison for comments on a blog that his lawyer argued was intended only for a few friends to read .	Omid Mir Sayafi , reported to be in his 20s , dies in Evin prison Sayafi was a blogger who allegedly insulted Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Lawyer says semi-conscious Sayafi was taken to doctor but did n't get proper care Rights group reports prison doctor said blogger had taken extra medicine doses
CNN  -- The last of 11 people facing felony hazing charges tied to a Florida A&M University band member 's death turned herself in on Sunday , four days after prosecutors announced the charges , the state said . Lasherry Codner , 20 , was released on a $ 15,000 bail shortly after she was booked into Orange County jail Sunday . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement had said Friday that it had been in contact with her family in Georgia . She joins 10 others who have reported to jails throughout Florida after being charged with felony hazing in the death of 26-year-old Robert Champion . State law provides a prison term of up to six years for a conviction on this charge , Ninth Judicial Circuit State Attorney Lawson Lamar said last week . The FAMU Marching 100 drum major died after collapsing on a band bus after a November 2011 football game in Orlando , Florida . He died within an hour after being badly beaten , medical examiners reported . Two others are charged with misdemeanor hazing , which typically carries at most a year-long prison sentence . Among those facing felony hazing charges is Aaron Golson , who was also charged in December with hazing and felony battery , after another FAMU band member , Bria Hunter , said she had suffered a cracked femur , deep bone bruise and blood clots after being beaten repeatedly on the thighs . As to Champion 's case , the victim 's mother , Pam Champion , has said her family is disappointed the suspects did n't face more serious charges . She also accuses authorities of botching the investigation , saying they did n't properly process the bus for evidence and failed to immediately question students who were on board . Deputy Ginette Rodriguez , a spokeswoman for the Orange County Sheriff 's Office , has defended the investigation . "  I know our deputies questioned everyone available , " Rodriguez said . "  I can assure you our detectives conducted a thorough and complete investigation , as we do in every case . " Earlier this year , the Champion family filed a negligence lawsuit against the bus company and its driver , and lawyer Chris Chestnut has said the family plans to sue the university as well . Champion 's death brought renewed public scrutiny to hazing , a practice that has gone on for years despite what the Tallahassee university said had been efforts to eradicate the problem . Some university band members have said Champion died after taking part in an annual rite of passage called "  Crossing Bus C , " an initiation process in which pledges attempt to run down the center aisle from the front door of the bus to the back while being punched , kicked and otherwise assaulted by senior members . An estimated 30 people were on the vehicle at the time . An autopsy found "  extensive contusions of his chest , arms , shoulder and back , " as well as "  evidence of crushing of areas of subcutaneous fat , " medical examiners reported .	NEW : Lasherry Codner , 20 , bonded out of Orange County jail after turning herself in Authorities had said days earlier that they had been in contact with her family in Georgia 11 people are accused of hazing in the death of Robert Champion , a Florida A&M band member
CNN  -- In an anguished 911 call , a Georgia man told dispatchers that he arrived home to find "  my whole family 's dead . " Seven people were found dead Saturday at a residence in a mobile home park in Brunswick , Georgia . "  I just got home , " a man identified as Guy Heinze Jr. told the emergency dispatcher in the Saturday call , released Monday by authorities . "  I was out last night . I got home just now , and everybody 's dead . ... My whole family 's dead . It looks like they 've been beaten to death . " Seven people were found dead Saturday at a residence at the New Hope mobile home park in Brunswick , Georgia , authorities said . Two others were hospitalized in critical condition ; one of them , identified by police as 19-year-old Michael Toller , died Sunday . The remaining survivor remained in critical condition on Monday , police said . A neighbor of Heinze 's placed the call and put him on the phone , as well as the mobile home park 's maintenance man . The park manager also called 911 , sobbing as she told dispatchers , "  Please hurry . " Listen as the 911 operator hears a family has died " Police said Sunday that they have "  no known suspects " in the case . "  We are not looking for any known suspects , " Glynn County Police Chief Matt Doering said . "  That does n't say that there are no suspects . They 're just not known to us . " Heinze was arrested Saturday night and faces charges of possessing a controlled substance and marijuana , as well as evidence tampering and making false statements to a police officer , Doering said . He said Heinze has been cooperative and stopped short of naming him a suspect in the deaths . "  We 're still looking for anybody and everybody that may be related to this , " he said . "  That naturally includes -LSB- Heinze -RSB- . Of course we 're looking at him . " "  I do n't know what to do , man , " an emotional Heinze told the dispatcher . "  My dad , my mom , my uncle , my cousin ... my dad , he 's laying there dead . That was my dad . " "  It 's a house full of people that live there , " the neighbor said during the call . "  I know there 's a baby . I do n't know if the baby was in there or not . " At one point , while the maintenance man , identified only as Mike , talked to dispatchers , Heinze went into the mobile home and reported that his cousin , identified as Michael , was still breathing . Asked to describe Michael , the maintenance man said that Michael is a "  young man with Down 's syndrome . " Heinze reported that the youth 's "  face is smashed in , " he said . Heinze got back on the phone to talk to a supervisor , repeating that Michael was breathing , although he appeared to be having trouble breathing and needed an ambulance . The dispatcher assured him that help was on the way and tried to question him gently . "  People 's beat , " Heinze said . "  Everybody is dead . " Asked what the mobile home looked like , he yelled , "  It looks like a -LSB- expletive -RSB- murder scene . " At the dispatcher 's suggestion , Heinze tried to question Michael , asking him , "  Where do you hurt ? " There was no response . Doering said Sunday that police think at least one person not in custody may have information in the case . Authorities have not released the identities or ages of the other victims , revealing only that they range in age from children through mid-40s . One additional victim was identified , Doering said Monday , but he did not release that person 's name pending notification of relatives . Autopsies on the victims began over the weekend in Savannah , Georgia , and continued Monday , Doering said . Police had been called to the home before , Doering said , but would not say why . He was tight-lipped Sunday about many aspects of the case , refusing to say how the victims died or to give a breakdown of male and female victims . All nine victims lived in the mobile home , he said , and police do not believe that any of them conducted the assault . He said police are making progress and have narrowed down the timeline for when the deaths occurred . Brunswick is about 300 miles southeast of Atlanta , on the Georgia coast .	Police identify one of deceased as 19-year-old Michael Toller Guy Heinze Jr. heard on 911 call telling dispatcher he arrived home to find bodies "  I do n't know what to do , man , " Heinze tells 911 . "  My dad , he 's laying there dead " Police say "  no known suspects " in the attack ; 7 dead at scene , 8th died later
CNN  -- If a fellow is going to spend 55 years working in the same place , he would be wise to count his blessings that the place is Riverdale . "  The first day I walked in , in 1958 , I was 17 years old , " said Victor Gorelick . "  I took a job as a fill-in art assistant . " He never went on to college . He never took another job . Today he is 72 . His explanation for staying is so basic he can express it in a single sentence : "  I decided to stick with Archie . " And Betty . And Veronica . And Jughead . And Reggie . And , most of all , Riverdale , U.S.A. . It does n't exist , of course , which is probably what makes the town so perfect . Nothing in real life could match it . Archie Andrews first appeared in a comic book in 1941 , and that idealized town in which he and his friends have always lived has never been identified by state . Some readers assume it is in the Midwest , but Gorelick -- the longest-serving employee of Archie Comics , and now its editor-in-chief -- will go no further than to say that "  it 's in a place that has four seasons . " The summer , autumn , winter and spring in the pages of the comic books have never been the same seasons that Gorelick has observed outside the windows of the Archie offices in Westchester County , New York : "  We have a four-month lead time . So the season an artist is drawing on a given day is not the same season we 're living in actual life . " But actual life is not the key to Archie 's eternal appeal , which may have a lot to do with what attracted Gorelick to the character , and the company , in the first place . He grew up in Brooklyn , an only child until he was 16 : "  My father worked in a fish market . He 'd leave the house at 4:30 or 5 o'clock in the morning , he would clean fish and sell fish all day , and he would come home tired with fish scales and sawdust on his shoes . I would clean his shoes . He worked so hard for his money . He never took me fishing . " Archie Andrews ' world , mythical though it was , had to have looked pretty swell next to that . When Gorelick , with Dwight D. Eisenhower in the White House , showed up for that fill-in job in the art department , his own comic-book tastes had tended toward "  Tales from the Crypt . " But he soon became enchanted with the gentle simplicity of the problems Archie faced : "  He 's this klutzy , well-meaning kid who breaks things by mistake in Veronica 's house , or who cooks a beautiful breakfast to bring upstairs to his mother on Mother 's Day , but leaves behind a mess in the kitchen . " Gorelick 's real life may or may not be any more irritation-free than anyone else 's -- on the day we spoke he was battling a nagging cough that would n't let go -- but there is something to be said for being able , for all these years , to lose himself , professionally , in a comic-book world where matters are ever placid , ever sunny . He has even been able to derive inspiration from the characters who live on those pages ; Archie takes solace in having a close buddy , Jughead Jones , "  who he can talk to and tell him anything . " Gorelick said he has come to realize that his own Jughead Jones , his port in a storm , "  lives in New Jersey . His name is Bert Bailin . I 've known him for 65 years , since we were kids . He was my best man -- twice . " Ten presidents have succeeded Eisenhower during Gorelick 's years with Archie , and the country has changed in myriad ways . Some of those changes have been reflected in the storylines of the comics -- racial and ethnic diversity in Riverdale , the introduction of a popular gay character -- and others have manifested themselves in the delivery systems for those stories : the disappearance around the nation of mom-and-pop candy stores with comic-book racks  although Pop Tate 's Sweet Shop remains a vibrant Archie landmark  , the rise in digital readership and availability of Archie apps . The Archie comic books continue to publish with new stories , in various sizes and lengths ; no new Archie newspaper strips are being drawn , although reruns of the old ones are available digitally . Yet what is constant in that make-believe town is more significant than what is altered , Gorelick said : "  Behind everything is the idea that Riverdale is a place that is welcoming to anyone . The goal has always been to be a place of comfort to our readers , especially for our youngest readers . " Nothing terrible or violent happens in Riverdale : "  You have to keep that out of our town . Kids today go through metal detectors at their schools , there are police officers in the hallways , the drugs , the gangs . " By design , "  Archie lives in a world the way we might like it to be . " Gorelick understands how elusive such a world is . When he switches on his computer at work , the ugliness of news headlines on the screen reminds him that none of us really lives in Riverdale . Even in the corporate offices of Archie Comics there has been acrimony in recent years , with lawsuits and bitterness between two top officers . But in the editorial department , Gorelick 's job is to keep his focus on pretend streets where nothing becomes much more complicated than "  Archie getting a little bamboozled because he has made a date with two different girls on the same night , and he asks Jughead , ` How did I get into this mess ? ' " After all this time , does Archie seem real to him -- even like a friend ? "  He 's my best friend -- he 's paid me every week for 55 years . " Does he think about Archie after he 's closed his office door for the night ? "  Constantly . I 've got a framed oil portrait of him in my den at home . " Does Archie 's perpetual smiling youth ever make him consider his own mortality ? "  I know I 'm not going to be around forever . Archie goes on . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Victor Gorelick has stayed with the Archie comic for 55 years Greene : Gorelick was enchanted with the gentle simplicity of the problems Archie faced He says while the world is complex and ugly , the world of Archie - Riverdale - is appealing Greene : Archie , with his perpetual smile , is like a best friend for Gorelick
CNN  -- One person was killed and another injured in a chemical plant explosion late Thursday near Charleston , West Virginia . Sterling Lewis Jr. , West Virginia 's fire marshal , told reporters Friday morning that a helicopter took the injured person to a burn unit in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Several thousand people were ordered to stay indoors for safety early Friday after the 10:30 p.m. Thursday blast at the Bayer CropScience plant raised fears about air quality . The plant produces crop-protection chemicals in Institute , an unincorporated community in Kanawha County , West Virginia . Jeannie Young , 38 , turned off air conditioners , closed vents and taped windows shut at her St. Albans home after the nearby explosion . "  My daughter and I have headaches , " Young said . She said she smelled something unusual and noticed something odd after taking her three dogs out around 11 p.m. Thursday . "  They acted really funny , " she said . "  They wanted to come right back in the house . " Watch how the plant blast puts a scare into West Virginians " Young endured a few hours of anxiety with her 15-year-old daughter , Brittney , as authorities closed parts of Interstate 64 and fought a blaze at the plant . "  It was , like , really scary at first , " Brittney said . Emergency officials in Kanawha County ordered people to stay inside in the cities of South Charleston , Cross Lane , Dunbar and St. Albans , where the Youngs live about four miles from the plant . iReport.com : Where you there ? Share your story Authorities lifted the order about 2:15 a.m. after the Bayer CropScience plant told the county that the explosion did not send contaminants into the air , said Carolyn Charnoch , director of the 911 system in Kanawha County . The blast sent flames leaping into the night sky , casting an orange glow on industrial towers , but firefighters had extinguished the blaze by about 2 a.m. , she said . A few people complained of a foul odor , she said , but authorities had not heard from anyone complaining of health problems related to air quality , Charnoch said . Mike Dorsey of the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection sought to reassure people that the air was safe to breath . The plant contains potentially dangerous chemicals , he said , but the explosion did not release them into the air . "  People should not be concerned about coming outside , " he said . CNN 's Greg Morrison , Lateef Mungin and Mark Bixler contributed to this report .	NEW : Blast at Bayer CropScience plant kills one person , injures another Firefighters extinguish fire about four hours after blast Residents asked to remain indoors after explosion raised concerns about air quality Plant produces crop-protection chemicals
CNN  -- Formula One is a sport where fine margins separate success and failure , with teams going to extreme lengths to squeeze fractions of a second out of their precision-engineered racing machines . As a result , constructors jealously guard the secrets behind the design of their car . If those details were to fall into the hands of a rival team , it could dent a potential world championship charge . With that in mind , the Force India team pursued Italian wind tunnel manufacturer Aerolab for # 15 million  $ 23.6 million  , eventually reduced to # 13 million  $ 20 million  , after claiming aspects of their 2009 car design had been replicated by a rival team . What followed was a British High Court case involving Force India , Aerolab , and F1 marque Team Lotus -- now known as Caterham . 2012 Formula One teams and drivers Aerolab initially launched a claim against Force India , run by team principal Vijay Mallya , for unpaid funds . The case was complicated when , shortly after their split from Force India , Aerolab signed a contract to work on Lotus ' 2010 car . A statement issued by Aerolab 's legal representatives on Wednesday said the company had been ordered to pay $ 25,000  $ 39,500  in damages after work conducted during their contract with Force India had been used on Lotus ' 2010 car . The statement read : "  The Honorable Mr Justice Arnold held that Aerolab 's CAD designers had misused certain of Force India 's confidential information as a means of taking a ` short cut ' to produce a wind tunnel model which could begin to be used for testing as soon as possible . "  He further held that a small number of the relevant wind tunnel model components had found their way as full size components into the car which Caterham F1 Team  then racing under the name of Team Lotus  had raced at the beginning of the 2010 season . " It was a victory for Force India , but an expensive one . Despite ruling Aerolab had incorrectly used intellectual property , the judge also said Force India must pay $ 846,230  $ 1.3 million  in unpaid fees . It was also decreed that Force India 's claim of "  systematic copying " by Lotus , in particular chief technical officer Mike Gascoyne , was unfounded . Force India were unavailable for comment but a statement was issued on their official website . It said Force India will report the case to F1 's global governing body , the FIA , while continuing a criminal case against Caterham team principal Tony Fernandes , Gascoyne and Aerolab owner Jean-Claude Migeot . "  The UK High Court judgment , in respect of the illegal copying , will now be referred for the consideration of Formula One 's governing body , " read the statement . "  The Italian criminal case against Mike Gascoyne , Tony Fernandes and Jean Claude Migeot remains ongoing . "	An Italian design company has been ordered by a British court to pay Force India $ 39,500 Aerolab used the team 's intellectual property while designing the 2010 Lotus , now Caterham Force India told to pay $ 1.3 million in unpaid fees to wind tunnel manufacturer Aerolab The marque intend to refer the incident to motorsport 's global governing body
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Boko Haram insurgents killed scores of people Wednesday on the Nigerian-Cameroonian border , slitting throats and shooting victims , residents said . The attackers moved door-to-door slaughtering people in the predawn raid on the town of Fotokol , according to witnesses , and opened fire on at least three mosques , including the central mosque , as worshipers said their morning prayers . They burned the central mosque after killing worshipers , including the imam . The gunmen also moved along the streets shooting people heading to the mosque , residents said . Several homes and vehicles were set ablaze in the attack , which started around 5:30 a.m. Troops engaged the militants in a gun battle that lasted until 9 a.m. before the gunmen retreated . A Chadian fighter jet pursued the fleeing attackers into the bush and dropped bombs on them , residents said . Troop reinforcements arrived in the town and moved into the bush in search of gunmen who survived the aerial bombing . The gunmen are believe to be Boko Haram fighters who were pushed out of Gamboru-Ngala , Nigeria , in a ground offensive by Chadian and Cameroonian troops , along with fighters from other Boko Haram camps in northeast Nigeria . The Nigerian-based radical Islamist group has been staging cross-border raids on Cameroon , including an attack on the villages of Mabass and Makxy on January 18 in which they kidnapped 80 people . Chad 's parliament had voted , only two days before the kidnappings , to send troops to Cameroon and Nigeria to join in the fight against Boko Haram .	Attackers go door-to-door in predawn slaughter , say residents of Fotokol Boko Haram fighters also opened fire on mosques , and killed worshippers and imam in the central mosque
CNN  Island-hoppers take note : Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor 's latest pick for the world 's top island . Providenciales climbed a rung from last year 's No. 2 ranking among the travel review site 's Travelers ' Choice award winners to bump Ambergris Caye out of the top spot . It was quite a tumble for the Belize island . Ambergris Caye held the top ranking on the TripAdvisor global islands list for two years in a row before dropping out of the top 10 completely this year . Why the disappearance ? "  It 's hard to say , as winners change from year to year based on feedback from travelers , " said TripAdvisor spokeswoman Julie Cassetina . "  Similar to last year and 2013 , winning islands were determined using an algorithm that looked at the quality and quantity of traveler reviews and opinions for hotels , attractions and restaurants on each island gathered during a 12-month period . " 30 envy-inducing island photos Only two more of 2014 's top 10 islands appear on this year 's global list . Ko Tao , Thailand , gained five spots this year , moving up from No. 10 last year , while Bora Bora dropped from No. 3 last year to rank ninth . Here are the world 's top 10 islands for 2015 : 1 . Providenciales , Turks and Caicos 2 . Maui , Hawaii 3 . Roatan , Honduras 4 . Santorini , Greece 5 . Ko Tao , Thailand 6 . Madeira , Portugal 7 . Bali , Indonesia 8 . Mauritius , Africa 9 . Bora Bora , French Polynesia 10 . Fernando de Noronha , Brazil In addition to the global list , TripAdvisor also ranks islands regionally . Here are the top 10 U.S. islands : 1 . Maui , Hawaii 2 . Island of Hawaii , Hawaii 3 . Kauai , Hawaii 4 . Key West , Florida 5 . Hilton Head Island , South Carolina 6 . Marco Island , Florida 7 . Key Largo , Florida 8 . Chincoteague Island , Virginia 9 . San Juan Island , Washington 10 . Mackinac Island , Michigan	Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is the top TripAdvisor Travelers ' Choice award winner for islands Maui ranks first on the top 10 islands list for the United States
CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration issued a statement Thursday signaling its intention to focus on insulated beverage containers , noting growing concerns that terrorists might conceal explosives inside such items . The announcement came during the Christmas holiday , traditionally one of the busier times at airports nationwide . Passengers can still carry insulated beverage containers through security and onto flights , the federal agency noted . But , the statement noted , airport security officers alerted passengers that they will observe "  additional security measures ... in the coming days " on such items . The agency said that it is "  carefully monitoring information related to terrorist tactics and working with out international partners to share information . " Still , the statement did not offer any details on what , specifically , provoked the latest change in security tactics .	Travelers in coming days may notice a new security focus on insulated beverage containers The Transportation Security Administration says that it is tracking possible terror tactics
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Security experts are questioning information released by the Pentagon last week , saying 61 former detainees from its detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , may have returned to terrorist activities . President Obama has signed an executive order to close the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility . The report , released days before President Obama took office , says 18 former detainees are confirmed to have participated in attacks , and 43 are suspected to have been involved in attacks . That figure would be about 11 percent of the roughly 520 prisoners who have been released from the Guantanamo facility , which Obama on Thursday ordered be shut down . On Friday , a Pentagon spokesman defended the integrity of the report but would not directly answer questions about where the figures come from . "  We do n't make these figures up . They 're not done willy-nilly , " spokesman Geoff Morrell said . Pentagon officials have said they would not discuss how the statistics were derived because of security concerns that such information could give clues to how U.S. intelligence officers collect their data . "  It is painstakingly done by the Defense Intelligence Agency , and they go over this with great care , " Morrell said . He said evidence of someone being "  confirmed " to have returned to terrorism could include fingerprints , a conclusive photograph or "  well-corroborated intelligence reporting . " CNN has learned that some former Guantanamo detainees have returned to the fight . An al Qaeda video viewed by CNN 's Nic Robertson showed militants labeled with their former prisoner numbers . Saeed Shihri , Prisoner No. 372 , is believed to have been responsible for an attack on the U.S. embassy in Yemen that killed nearly a dozen people in September , barely a year after he was released from Guantanamo . A U.S. counter-terrorism expert said Shihri is one of al Qaeda 's top leaders in Yemen . Watch former Gitmo detainee train with al Qaeda " Others have included Abdullah Mahsud , who blew himself up to avoid capture by Pakistani forces in July 2007 , and Ruslan Anatolivich Odizhev , who was transferred to Russia in March 2004 and killed in a June 2007 gunbattle with Russian security forces . Peter Bergen , a national security expert and CNN analyst , notes that of the 18 people the Pentagon says are confirmed to have engaged in terrorism , only a handful of names have been released . If one accepts that all 18 on the "  confirmed " list have returned to the battlefield , that would be 4 percent of the detainees who have been released , Bergen said . Bergen also noted Federal Bureau of Justice Statistics data that show the recidivism rate for U.S. state prisoners who have been released is more than 65 percent . Those same numbers show that about half of the released prisoners are returned to prison . Bergen said that some of the prisoners at Guantanamo may not have been terrorists at all but were singled out by vengeful villagers who told U.S. authorities they were al Qaeda . "  We know that a lot of people who were in Guantanamo do n't qualify as being the ` worst of the worst , ' " he said , quoting former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's assessment . Bergen said some of those "  suspected " to have returned to terrorism are so categorized because they publicly made anti-American statements , "  something that 's not surprising if you 've been locked up in a U.S. prison camp for several years . " In a briefing Thursday , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates -- an advocate for closing Guantanamo while serving under President Bush and , now , under President Obama -- seemed to downplay the number of former detainees who have returned to fighting . "  It 's not as big a number if you 're talking about 700 or a thousand or however many have been through Guantanamo , " he said . As the Pentagon begins the work of closing the facility and finding places to send , or release , detainees there , Gates stressed that security will remain his top concern . "  Clearly , the challenge that faces us , and that I 've acknowledged before , is figuring out how do we close Guantanamo and , at the same time , safeguard the security of the American people , " he said . "  That 's the challenge that we will continue to face . " CNN 's Mike Mount at the Pentagon and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Questions arise over report 61 Gitmo detainees have returned to terrorist activities Pentagon defends report but says it can not explain where figure comes from President Obama has ordered Guantanamo Bay facility to be closed
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The commander of Mexico City 's investigative police force was shot and killed Friday morning as he left his home , authorities said . The death of Esteban Robles Espinosa comes a day after Mexico 's federal police chief was shot dead in a northwestern Mexico City neighborhood . Robles headed Mexico City 's anti-kidnapping unit until 2003 , according to the city 's judicial police . He was also on the internal affairs commission , the department said . A group of armed men approached Robles as he was leaving his house about 8:30 a.m. , authorities said . He was shot eight times and died shortly after he arrived at a hospital , they said . Robles had not received any death threats , the judicial police department said . The federal police chief , Edgar Eusebio Millan Gomez , was fatally shot around dawn Thursday in a street in Colonia Guerrero in Mexico City , the country 's public safety department said . The murders of Robles and Millan -- who played an active role in the Mexican government 's fight against drug cartels and organized crime -- are the latest in a string of killings of police and military personnel in Mexico . Only a week ago , Roberto Velasco Bravo , the director of investigation for organized crime , was killed in the capital city . U.S. Ambassador to Mexico Antonio Garza called it a "  brutal assassination . " Many believe that the slayings are retaliation for President Felipe Calderon 's crackdown on the country 's drug cartels . Since he took office in 2006 , Calderon has deployed 24,000 troops to fight the cartels . "  During my management , there have been many soldiers , many marines -- especially federal police -- who have lost their lives fighting to liberate the citizenry from crime , " Calderon said Friday . "  It is a fight for liberation from the enslavement or the control that -LSB- criminals -RSB- try to impose via crimes of diverse means . " Responding to Millan 's death , the president said , "  the Mexican government will re-enforce its head-on fight against crime . " Calderon condemned Millan 's assassination as "  cowardly . " He described Millan as "  an exemplary official committed to the security of Mexican families . " In January , Millan appeared forceful and optimistic when he discussed with CNN en Español the government 's campaign against the drug cartels . "  Our fight is head-on , " he said . "  The capacities of the Mexican state are aligned to break the structures of each cartel . " The violence in Mexico appears to be worst in the north , prompting the U.S. State Department to issue a travel warning for American citizens . "  Recent Mexican army and police force conflicts with heavily armed narcotics cartels have escalated to levels equivalent to military small-unit combat and have included use of machine guns and fragmentation grenades , " said the warning issued last month . "  Armed robberies and carjackings , apparently unconnected to the narcotics-related violence , have increased in Tijuana and Ciudad Juarez , " it said . The State Department noted that the attacks are "  aimed primarily at members of drug trafficking organizations , Mexican police forces , criminal justice officials and journalists . " "  There is no evidence , however , that U.S. citizens are targeted because of their nationality , " the warning stated . Calderon touched on the issue Monday , saying , "  Mexico today suffers from an onslaught of crime , and that 's one of our greatest enemies . Insecurity threatens the well-being and peace of our families , the health and future of our children and the development of our people . " CNN 's Harris Whitbeck contributed to this report .	High-ranking Mexico City police official shot leaving his home ; dies at hospital One day earlier , Mexico 's federal police chief was shot to death Many believe slayings are retaliation for government 's fight against drug cartels Mexican president vows to continue battle against crime
Beijing  CNN  -- A court in eastern China said it will deliver the much anticipated verdict in the corruption trial of fallen high-flying politician Bo Xilai on Sunday . The Jinan Intermediate People 's Court in the province of Shandong said Wednesday on its official microblog account that the verdict would be pronounced at 10 a.m. local time on Sunday . During the hearings of the politically sensitive trial that took place last month , Bo strongly challenged the prosecution 's case against him , according to accounts published by the court . The closely watched trial was considered to be much more transparent than most cases in China . But international and independent journalists were n't allowed inside the courtroom , and doubts were raised about the fullness of the court 's version of events . Bo , 64 , is charged with bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power . High conviction rate His trial brought to light a wealth of eye-opening details about the apparently lavish and emotionally fraught life of his family and inner circle , giving Chinese people insights into how some of the ruling elite live . Bo 's glittering career , during which he drew both admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year amid a scandal involving murder , betrayal and financial skullduggery . Based on the track record of Chinese courts , Bo appears likely to be convicted . The conviction rate at criminal trials and their appeals in China -- where the ruling Communist Party controls police , prosecution and courts -- stood at 99.9 % in 2010 , a U.S. State Department report cited the Supreme People 's Court as saying . If he is found guilty , he will also probably find out his punishment . Chinese courts usually announce sentencing straight after guilty verdicts . Prosecutors have asked for a heavy sentence for the former senior official . Dramatic downfall The son of a revolutionary veteran , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policymaking body of the Communist Party . He had been tipped to ascend farther up the party hierarchy . A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing , a metropolis in southwestern China . But when his deputy , Wang Lijun , walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February of last year and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was an accomplice in a murder case , Bo 's career began to unravel . Wang 's move precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his party posts . A court found Gu guilty last year of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room in 2011 . A family employee , Zhang Xiaojun , was also convicted in the killing and sentenced to nine years in prison . The following month , Wang was convicted of bending the law for selfish ends , defection , abuse of power and bribe-taking . He received a 15-year prison sentence . Wang and Gu both appeared as witnesses at Bo 's trial last month . Bo attacked their testimony and even claimed that Wang and Gu had been romantically involved . CNN ` sSteven Jiang reported from Beijing and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	The verdict will be announced Sunday morning , the court says The closely watched trial took place in Shandong province last month Bo , a former top official , faces charges of corruption , embezzlement , abuse of power The overwhelming majority of Chinese criminal cases result in guilty verdicts
New York  CNN  -- A mother tried to rescue her baby twins from a house fire , but the blaze was too much and she , the twins and a third child perished Friday night , police said . Jennifer Mccusker , 41 , and her children -- 2-year old twins Ava and Brendon Mistretta and 7-year old Aiden Tarbell -- died after a fire started at the front of their Long Island home around 10 p.m. , according to Suffolk Police . Two neighbors reported seeing flames from the home and called authorities , the police department said in a news release . The neighbors -- one of whom is an EMT -- attempted to enter the home but were unable to because of smoke and heat , police said . Mccusker was found in a rear bedroom where she apparently was attempting to remove her twins from their cribs , police said . Mccusker was able to remove one of her twins and appeared to have been trying to remove the second when she went unconscious , according to a police spokesman at the scene . The oldest child , Aiden , was found in another bedroom , according to police . The mother and her three children were transported to Brookhaven Memorial Hospital where they were pronounced dead . The cause of the fire was not immediately known , and police did not say whether there was anything suspicious about the fire . Shoshanana Alexander , a neighbor , told CNN Affiliate WABC that Mccusker was a "  very good mom . " "  She always loved having people at her house ... She was a very sweet person . Very sweet person , " Alexander told WABC . Autopsies were to be performed Saturday morning .	A mother and her three children were killed in a fire Jennifer Mccusker apparently was trying to rescue the children She appeared to have been taking her 2-year-olds out of their cribs
CNN  -- Hours after raucous University of Kentucky students torched cars and couches after their men 's basketball team advanced to the NCAA championship , the Wildcats ' coach said that he understood fans ' passion but was "  disappointed " by some of their actions . "  The state of Kentucky is so connected to this program . It 's the commonwealth 's team , " coach John Calipari told reporters Sunday . "  They go overboard sometimes . " Top-seeded Kentucky wrapped up its 69-61 win over in-state rival Louisville on Saturday night , in the first of two semifinal games in the NCAA tourney widely known as March Madness . The victory spurred hundreds of Wildcat backers to exit bars , restaurants and residences in the school 's hometown of Lexington and flood the streets , many of them raising their fists and screaming for joy . SI.com : Kansas star looks to redeem himself Members of the city police force watched the revelry , including celebrating students who partied around several cars and couches that had been lit on fire , said police Lt. Mark Brand . Video from the scene , from CNN affiliate WLEX , showed flames rising into the sky as fire trucks attempted to navigate through the crowd . At least one car could be seen overturned , and the University of Kentucky 's Twitter feed noted reports of "  several criminal incidents " and the temporary closure of a number of roads . Brand , from the Lexington police , said that authorities were n't able to get the situation along one road , State Street , fully under control until nearly 1 a.m. -- some four hours after the Wildcats ' game ended . Some students were arrested , but police did not reveal the number . Brand did say that at least one person suffered a minor injury , a scraped knee . Calipari defended Kentucky 's fans during a press conference in New Orleans , where his team is preparing to face the University of Kansas in the finals on Monday night . The Wildcats , who entered the tourney as the nation 's consensus No. 1 team , are favored going into the showdown , according to oddsmakers . The coach said that , while they fervently support their team and might rejoice in its victories , Kentucky supporters would never show up an opponent . "  Our fans are the classiest , " Calipari said , adding that they 'd never "  storm the court " as some do after a big win . "  They 're not vicious to the opponent . They 're not that way . " CNN 's Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	The Kentucky men 's basketball team beat Louisville to advance to Monday 's NCAA final After the Saturday game , hundreds of fans flooded the streets of Lexington to celebrate The school notes "  criminal incidents " ; police say couches and cars were lit on fire The team 's coach says its fans are passionate , but they "  go overboard sometimes "
CNN  -- A transatlantic American Airlines flight was delayed Sunday after a passenger noticed a portable Wi-Fi connection named "  Al-Quida Free Terror Nettwork . " American Airlines Flight 136 was scheduled to fly from Los Angeles International Airport to London , but a passenger 's discovery of the poorly spelled Wi-Fi network initially delayed the flight for three hours during an investigation , according to CNN affiliate KABC . U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials cleared the flight , but the flight crew did n't want to fly Sunday afternoon , according to KABC . Eventually , the flight was rescheduled for Monday afternoon . "  It must have been somebody on the aircraft , " passenger Elliot del Pra told KABC . "  Thank goodness that we did not fly because you just do n't know , " del Pra said . "  It 's very scary to think somebody would actually do that , especially on an international flight . "	Wi-Fi hot spot named for al Qaeda terror network delays American Airlines flight The flight was delayed until Monday afternoon One passenger was grateful he did not fly Sunday
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- If you 're trying to find a job these days , it might help to get rid of your cigarette habit . A hospital in the Atlanta suburbs is the latest employer nationwide that is refusing to hire smokers . Gwinnett Medical Center instituted the policy July 1 , but other hospitals , including Cleveland Medical Center in Ohio , also have the policy . The Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. , the lawn-care giant , has n't hired smokers since 2006 . Steve Nadeau , Gwinnett Medical Center senior vice president of human resources , said the policy is an extension of their efforts to promote better health . "  We believe it 's just supporting good health , we 're a health care provider , " Nadeau said . "  We 've had a smoking prohibition inside ... and outside and it 's just really kind of a natural evolution , " he said . Existing employees who smoke will not be fired . The medical center offers smoking cessation classes and has plans to revamp signage throughout their facility . Nadeau said the response from focus groups and employees has been "  good . " "  We hope it wo n't mean we will lose good employees , but I have no doubt there are going to be folks we wo n't be able to get . From a policy standpoint it 's the right direction for us , " he said . But Dr. Michael Siegel , a Boston University professor of public health , said the policy is an invasion of privacy and keeps qualified medical professionals away . "  From personal experience as a physician , some of the best nurses happen to be smokers , " Siegel said . "  Are you willing to hire staff that is not the best qualified simply because you 're trying to make this point about how bad smoking is ? " Siegel , who is quick to note he supports smoke-free workplaces , said "  regulating someone 's private behavior in their own home ... really represents employment discrimination and has nothing to do with qualifications for the job . If the hospital is so concerned about health , you can make the exact same argument about overweight people . " The rate of smoking among physicians is low , Siegel said . But the rate among nurses is more than 20 percent -- higher than the general population . "  This policy will result in the hospital not hiring the most qualified people . You 're eliminating 20 percent of the population , " he said . The National Institute of Business Management 's website reports that as of 2007 , laws in 30 states and the District of Columbia prohibit employers from discriminating against employees or applicants based on the person 's off-duty use of tobacco . Gary Nolan , a spokesman for Citizens Freedom Alliance : The Smoker 's Club , is annoyed by the ban but supports private businesses ' right to hire anyone they want . "  If you go in for heart surgery , do you really care if your surgeon smokes ? " Nolan said . But in Ohio , Cleveland Clinic officials say the hiring ban in place since 2007 is a success . "  It was a policy directive by our CEO  Dr. Delos Cosgrove  who wanted to fully enhance the idea of a health institution being what it says it is -- a healthy place to work , " said Dr. Paul Terpeluk , Medical Director of Employee Health . "  He felt health care workers should n't be smokers . " Since the policy began , 250 potential employees have failed the drug test for nicotine . Cleveland hires 5,000 employees a year , Terpeluk said . Those who fail the test can reapply in 90 days . "  It does make sense if you 're a health care institution , you want everyone to be as healthy as possible , " he said , adding that employees are also given incentives to lose weight . Hospital officials do n't think the policy affects the quality of employees they hire . "  Cleveland Clinic is a center of excellence and when people apply here they really want to come work at this institution . We do n't want smokers . It 's not in line with our caregiver mission , " he said . Industries outside health care have also dabbled in banning smokers from employment . Scotts Miracle-Gro not only bans smokers from employment , it fires employees who smoke . Jim King , senior vice president of corporate affairs , said the self-insured company decided smokers ' heath care costs were too high . "  Like everybody else , we were looking at wellness and health care and the drivers of health care costs , " King said . Before the policy , 30 percent of Scotts ' 8,000 employees smoked . Now that number is less than 7 percent .	Georgia hospital starts screening smokers out of the hiring process Drug testing of potential employees for nicotine is increasing Experts say the ban is common in the health care industry Thirty states have laws against "  lifestyle discrimination "
CNN  -- Though they support some federal action to help their states recover from the recession , several Republican governors said Sunday they plan to turn down a portion of what 's offered in the stimulus bill that President Obama signed last week . Gov. Haley Barbour said the stimulus bill would force Mississippi to raise taxes . "  If we were to take the unemployment reform package that they have , it would cause us to raise taxes on employment when the money runs out -- and the money will run out in a couple of years , " Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . The Republican governors of Idaho , Alaska , Texas , South Carolina and Louisiana expressed similar concerns . But one of their colleagues , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , had a message for them Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " When asked about broader complaints from lawmakers such as South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford about the stimulus package leading to more debt , Schwarzenegger responded , "  I am more than happy to take his money or -LSB- that of -RSB- any other governor in this country that does n't want to take this money . I take it because I think California needs it . " Schwarzenegger said he does not foresee a need for a tax hike in the future to sustain the unemployment provisions . In a separate interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Schwarzenegger said the complaints are "  partially " right , but that using the money for now "  can not hurt . " And another governor , Michigan Democrat Jennifer Granholm , told CNN , "  We 'll take it . " Watch how stimulus package could affect your paycheck " "  South Carolina , I 'll take your money . Louisiana , we 'll take it , " Granholm said in an interview recorded last week and broadcast Sunday on "  State of the Union . " "  We got plenty of work here , plenty of jobs that we would like to create here , " Granholm added as she discussed the struggling auto industry and job losses in her state . A leading Democrat , meanwhile , said he does see a potential problem . "  I 'm not sure that we can , over the long run , cope with the high unemployment compensation standard that this mandates for states , " Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell , the head of the National Governor 's Association , told "  Fox News Sunday . " "  But I do n't care . My people are suffering , " he added . "  They need that extra money . And right now that 's paramount in my mind . " At issue is a portion of the unemployment assistance stipulated by the stimulus bill , which provides federal dollars to expand unemployment insurance in the states . In exchange for accepting that , states would have to expand the number of people who are given jobless benefits . In Louisiana , for example , that portion of the funds would total nearly $ 100 million , state officials said . Gov. Bobby Jindal , a rising GOP star , has announced plans to turn it down . "  The $ 100 million we turned down was temporary federal dollars that would require us to change our unemployment laws , " he told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  That would have actually raised taxes on Louisiana businesses . We as a state would have been responsible for paying for those benefits after the federal money disappeared . " The law demands a "  permanent " change to state law , Jindal said . Jindal and the other governors do plan to accept other funds offered by the stimulus , including money to increase benefits for those who are receiving them . And even some governors who have expressed disappointment in the stimulus package are not shying away from any of the funding . "  I do n't like this bill , but it is now the law . ... It 's now our responsibility and opportunity to try to implement it , " Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty told "  Fox News Sunday . " Calling his state "  a major net subsidizer of the federal government , " he said , "  We 're paying the bill either way -- we 're going to take our share of the money . " In the end , some governors who would like to turn down a portion of the federal funding may not be able to . The law stipulates that state legislatures can overrule governors . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , a Democrat , said Americans are making it clear to all governors that they should accept whatever help they can get . "  Everywhere across the country , certainly in Massachusetts ... people want their roads repaired , they want their bridges repaired , they want a clean energy strategy ... and real alternatives , and they want us to be candid with them about those needs , " he told CNN 's "  State of the Union . "	Governors of Mississippi , South Carolina , Louisiana , others raise concerns They worry unemployment assistance compensation is too steep to maintain Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is for the plan , saying California needs help
CNN  -- The recent financial troubles in Cyprus have attracted a range of alarming headlines around the world , but we must be careful to avoid panic and reckless measures that would exacerbate the crisis . For in reality , Cyprus -- one of the smallest economies in the eurozone -- has a manageable fiscal deficit , low debt and until very recently a thriving economy , based on financial services and tourism . Large reserves of natural gas and possibly oil have been discovered off its southern coast , which would bring a bonanza in three to five years . Read more : Why is Cyprus trying to tax bank deposits ? The roots of the crisis go back to 2006 when the Cyprus Popular Bank , the country 's second biggest bank was taken over by a smaller Greek bank . The new owners invested very heavily in Greek bonds and loans but kept it as a Cypriot bank , instead of transferring the HQ to Greece . This was because of the better corporate environment in Cyprus , where tax rates are just 10 % , compared to Greece where it is at least double that . Three years ago the Bank of Cyprus also bought large quantities of Greek bonds , largely for reasons unconnected with their rate of return or risk , to help out Greece . In 2011 , when a struggling Greece was allowed to let some of its private bond holders take a loss -- a "  haircut " -- Cypriot banks lost money and needed refinancing . So the big financial institutions like the Bank of Cyprus and Popular Bank asked for a bailout from the government , and the government came to the EU in June 2012 saying it needed a bailout in turn . Read more : UK flies cash to Cyprus for soldiers Last weekend under an EU plan , Cyprus agreed to raise â ‚ ¬ 5.8 billion to prevent debt from ballooning to unsustainable levels . This would have seen a bank levy on all deposits over 100,000 euros in banks in Cyprus and a smaller percentage on deposits of more than 20,000 euros . The measure sparked fury in the Cypriot parliament , prompting Cypriots to withdraw money from bank cash machines and raising fears of a broader run on ailing banks . Russia , which has extensive business and banking ties to the tiny island , was angered by the move . Read more : Cyprus deposit tax ` overnight robbery , ' says businessman Prudent bankers attracted depositors by following low-risk strategies . But now their depositors are asked to pay for the high-risk strategies of other bankers . High-risk bankers risked their depositors ' money . But their depositors will not lose more than the depositors of other banks . This is the logic of the Cyprus "  bailout " by the International Monetary Fund , the German-led Euro group and the European Central Bank . Delinquent bankers ' losses are protected by prudent bankers ' gains . Watch this : Cyprus MP : Bailout plan wo n't work What is the justification ? It 's better than letting the two risk takers go bankrupt , the argument goes . That probably is the case . But then Greek banks and those of other nations in trouble were also bankrupt , and yet the same troika lend to them on better terms in order to avoid bankruptcy . Greece got 140 billion euros ; the haircut on Cypriot depositors will yield 5.8 billion . But Cyprus could not have the 5.8 billion out of European funds set up to rescue banks in trouble . Deposits under 100,000 euros are insured in Europe . Yet , the terms of the euro group are so harsh , that the government of Cyprus could not raise the money without some haircut on the insured deposits . It is important to note that on Tuesday the Cypriot parliament rejected a â ‚ ¬ 10 billion eurozone bailout package due to investor alarm over the proposed tax on existing bank deposits . However we do n't know what will come next . Maybe the tax on the insured deposits will yield 2 billion euros . Agreed said the euro group : we 'd prefer not to tax deposits under 100,000 euros but if you can not afford to raise the 5.8 billion in any other way , then you have no choice but to tax the small depositors . What does this tell us about the European project though ? Is the eurozone a partnership of equals who care about each other 's subjects ? Or is it a vehicle for scoring political points by the strong and powerful ? Russia 's involvement with Cyprus as an offshore centre keeps coming up in these discussions . Attracted by a corporate tax rate of 10 % -- half that of Russia 's -- Russians have been investing money into Cyprus from the early 1990s . The money is then repatriated through investments in Russian ventures -- a legal way of reducing tax . Cyprus accepted an order last month by the Eurogroup to allow an investigation into possible breaches of money-laundering rules , which is under way . But the euro group could not wait for the results before imposing the haircut ; not a single case of money laundering has been discovered so far . I have been involved both with central bank policy and with private banking in Cyprus for years  and at different times  and I have never come across anything non-compliant with European rules . The Russians make Cyprus 's financial sector too large , it is claimed . But it is still not as large as Luxembourg 's , and not too different from those of other small nations with a highly educated labour force . And anyway , when a large system works well except for its involvement in a single and exceptional event like the Greek sovereign debt write-off , you do n't cut off half the system and destroy the sector , causing acute unemployment problems . You try to fix it , with better regulation of risk and other vulnerabilities . But then they shoot the horses , do n't they ? Sooner or later such policies could backfire on Europe . Those of us who supported the European integration movement are disappointed .	Those of us who supported the EU integration movement are disappointed , writes Pissarides Pissarides says Russians have been investing money into Cyprus from the early 1990s Pissarides : "  I have never come across anything non-compliant with European rules " in Cyprus
Some jump on trampolines together . Others dine out at Red Lobster . Many take cooking classes . Married couples are connecting in any way they can . Busy couples do n't always get to do what their single counterparts can take for granted -- date . And when children come along , carving out couple time can be tough . "  You just do n't realize how much time you give up when you have kids , " says Jenny Triplett , 45 . While their three boys lived at home , the entrepreneur and her husband would make sure to head out for date nights at local restaurants -- just the two of them . And they always have time for pillow talk . Here 's what experts say all couples need to keep the spark alive . Whether you 're facing an emptier nest once the kids go back to school , or even if you do n't have children , you can take tips from the three "  T 's " . 1  Time Finding time together is key to making a marriage work . That becomes especially important when couples become parents . Too many think having kids is all about sacrifice . "  The happiest parents are those who are disciplined about integrating their old life with their new life , " says relationship expert and psychologist Seth Meyers . That means booking a babysitter , or enlisting family members to watch the kids , while you and your spouse go out . "  Be disciplined about getting a sitter on a regular basis and taking time for just the two of you outside the home , " says Dr. Seth , "  and do n't be shy about returning to some of the favorite places you used to go as a couple before kids . " Finding a shared hobby can also help couples connect . Charly Rok and her husband Jason take a cooking class together , because they share a love of food , as well as cooking . The New York-based couple has been married for 14 years . "  I married him , and he married me , because we actually like each other , and we like spending time with each other , " Charly says . Cooking is a hobby that 's allowed them to focus on each other , rather than other distractions , when they 're together . Charly commutes to her job in public relations near Philadelphia , where she lives five days a week . Her husband works in New York City . So they cherish the time they spend together on weekends . "  When you go into a kitchen on a Saturday , and you 're spending the day cooking , you really tend to let go of a lot of other things , " Jason Rok says . "  The phone is n't ringing for you . You 're not off running errands . You 're not paying bills . You let go of a lot of things , so you 're very focused on what 's at hand . " But spending time together is only part of the process . Experts say what you do with that time is key . 2  Talk Communicate about everything -- even the stressful stuff . "  You have to communicate , " says Jenny Triplett , the author of "  Surviving Marriage In the 21st Century : 13 Easy Tips That Can Help You Get To 20 Years and Beyond . " "  You have to carve out that time . " Her husband of 24 years points out that learning to communicate when the kids live at home paves the way for a harmonious empty nest . "  Once the kids go ... it 's going to be you and her , " Rufus Triplett says . "  If you do n't learn how to communicate then  when the kids live at home  , it 's going to be challenging when they go . " Experts say that talking about potential causes of conflict -- like money -- is especially important . And do n't wait until you 're about to miss a mortgage payment . Getting together with a partner once a week to talk about financial decisions , big and small , can help keep couples calm . Jacquette M. Timmons , author of "  Financial Intimacy : How to Create a Healthy Relationship with Your Money and Your Mate , " suggests what she calls "  money dates . " "  That gets people out of the pattern of only talking about money when there is a crisis , " she says . Money is often a cause of friction . "  The reality is that most of us will attract someone who is financially opposite , " Timmons says . Spenders often attract savers ; the thrifty tend to attract to the lavish . So to make sure you and your spouse are one the same page , experts advise -- keep talking . 3  Tenacity "  Marriage is not a sprint , " says Jenny Triplett . "  It 's a marathon . " She says that couples need to realize that they 'll be in their relationship for the long haul . Kayla DeLano got married when she was 19 . She is now 34 years old , and still married to Michael , 38 . They live in Long Beach , California , with their 11-year-old son . In addition to honesty , communication and kindness , she says spending time with her husband , despite work demands , is their key to longevity . So is understanding that partners evolve during the course of a marriage . "  I think you need to be realistic about the fact that you and your spouse will both change , " she says . "  You ca n't say that the person you are right now is going to be the same person that you 're going to be in five years . " She says their secret is learning to ebb and flow together , rather than apart . When her husband wanted to shed some weight he had gained , he turned to Kayla . A personal trainer , she helped him lose 70 pounds over two years . "  It 's pretty awesome , " she says . They started biking together . Now , they play a range of sports , from running relays , to trampoline jumping . They stay active , and above all , have fun . "  When we are together , we 're really together , " she says . "  We really focus on each other , and try to tune everything else out . " How do you carve out time to solidify your relationship ? Share ideas in the comments section below .	Time , talk and tenacity -- tips experts say can keep couples together longer "  You just do n't realize how much time you give up when you have kids , " says Jenny Triplett , married 24 years Couples can have "  money dates " to talk about finances before they encounter a crisis Kayla DeLano helped her husband lose 70 pounds over two years
CNN  The much-discussed trailer for "  Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice " just got a makeover . Soon after the trailer went up late on Friday , YouTuber Bobby Burns got to work on doing his own version using classic superhero footage . Instead of Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill facing off , this version wonders what it would be like if comics ' classic characters Adam West and Christopher Reeve took their places . CNN spoke to 18-year-old Burns about what motivated him to make his now-viral video . Warner Bros. . Pictures , the studio behind "  Batman v. Superman , " is owned by Time Warner , as is CNN . CNN : When did you start making YouTube videos like this ? Burns : At age 11 . I work for the Made In Network in Nashville , Tennessee . CNN : Where did this idea come from ? Burns : I 'm pretty hyped for "  Batman v. Superman . " As soon as I saw the trailer , my brain immediately went to the classic "  Batman " -LSB- TV series -RSB- and I thought how funny it would be if this film was made at the time . CNN : What were you looking to accomplish ? Burns : I wanted to contrast the old with the new . CNN : What kind of reaction have you received ? Burns : Within an hour of the trailer going up , I went to work on the edit . Within four hours , my edit was finished and up on the Internet . The reaction has been great ! It 's awesome to see so many people enjoying what I made . Take a look at the fan trailer below :	A fan re-edited "  Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice " trailer with classic scenes from older "  Batman " and "  Superman " TV and film Adam West and Christopher Reeve replace Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill in the re-imagined trailer
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has accomplished some extraordinary things but can he really shoot down a fighter jet ? The F-22 Raptor is the most expensive jet fighter ever built . The plane is the F-22 Raptor , a supersonic stealth marvel that looks like it 's flown straight out of a Hollywood action film . It is being built for the U.S. Air Force , boasting the most advanced technology in the sky . "  You talk to any aviator in the world , ask what they would like to fly , and if they do n't say the F-22 then they are lying , " U.S. Major Derek Routt told The Atlantic magazine . "  I would kill to fly it . " The U.S. government has ordered nearly 200 of them , even as the price has rocketed to more than $ 350 million each , making the Lockheed Martin/Boeing F-22 the most expensive fighter ever built . But it 's never been used in combat and it 's not clear when it will be . The U.S. simply does n't face any enemies with planes advanced enough to bother sending out an F-22 . "  The reality is we are fighting two wars , in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said , "  and the F-22 has not performed a single mission in either theater . " Gates does n't want any more of them . Obama , who campaigned for the presidency criticizing what he considers wasteful military spending , does n't either . Is the F-22 essential military spending or a waste of money ? Sound Off below But it 's the U.S. Congress that actually funds the military . A lot of its members want to see more F-22s taking off , to keep the U.S. air force ahead of potential rivals and protect thousands of factory jobs across the country . "  We need to maintain that air superiority , " said Congressman Phil Gingrey , whose district is home to the main F-22 assembly line . "  This is not just about 2,200 jobs , although with the economy as it is , and all these job losses , it 's kind of preposterous to think that this administration would close  them  down . " The Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives has voted to order a dozen more planes . But the full Congress would still have to vote and Obama would have to sign the legislation . He says he will veto it instead . The president is taking aim at the F-22 but the fighter jet probably wo n't go down without a fight .	U.S. President Obama faces battle with Congress over new F-22 Raptor Obama , Defense Secretary Gates do n't want any more of the $ 350M fighter jets Many in Congress see F-22 as way of protecting defense industry jobs Obama has threatened to veto legislation ordering more fighter jets
CNN  -- The U.S. government is getting its bill for the damage a Navy minesweeper did to a Philippine coral reef , and it 's less than expected . Philippine officials say the USS Guardian damaged 2,346 square meters  25,252 square feet  of Tubbataha Reef after it ran aground January 17 . That 's down from the original estimate of about 4,000 square meters  43,000 square feet  . And that means , under Philippine law , the United States owes $ 1.5 million in fines , the Tubbataha Protected Area Management Board said in a posting on the Tubbahata Reefs Natural Park website Monday . The fines are based on the amount of reef that has been damaged , the state-run Philippine News Agency reported . The Tubbahata board said the revised damage estimate was made by a team of U.S. Navy and Philippine marine biologists from Wednesday to Friday . The original survey was conducted January 27 while the warship was still on the reef . The Guardian was completely removed on March 30 , when the ship 's stern , the last of four sections into which its 224-foot-long hull had been cut , was lifted from the reef by a massive seagoing crane . "  Using aerial imaging , the grounding zone was originally outlined using the ship 's length as the basis for computing the total damaged area . This image was later observed to be obliquely angled thus artificially expanding the area plotted on mapping software , " the statement on the park 's website said . The cost of the salvage operation to remove the ship from the reef was $ 45 million , Stars and Stripes reported Monday , citing a U.S. 7th Fleet spokesman . An investigation into the grounding is ongoing , but last week the Navy relieved the commanding officer and three members of the minesweeper 's crew of their duties based on initial results of the probe , a Navy statement said . "  The initial investigation findings clearly indicate that the CO , Lt. Cmdr. Mark A. Rice ; the executive officer  XO  / navigator , Lt. Daniel Tyler ; the assistant navigator ; and the officer of the deck at the time of the grounding did not adhere to standard U.S. Navy navigation procedures , " the Navy statement said . "  The U.S. Navy has the highest accountability standards , and all four Sailors were relieved by Rear Adm. Jeffrey Harley due to their role in the grounding and a loss of confidence . " Tubbahata Reef is a UNESCO World Heritage site that is home to about 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral as well as whales , dolphins , sharks , turtles and breeding seabirds . READ MORE : Minesweeper lifted from Philippine reef READ MORE : Bow cut from U.S. ship , lifted from Philippine reef READ MORE : U.S. Navy commander apologizes for ship stuck in reef off Philippines	New survey shows grounded minesweeper did less damage than originally thought Minesweeper ran aground on Tubbahata Reef on January 17 Ship 's commander , three others relieved of duty , U.S. Navy says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles police believe they 've caught the person who made a fake emergency call claiming that several people had been shot at Ashton Kutcher 's Hollywood home . A Southern California juvenile , who was not identified , is suspected of being behind the October 3 "  swatting " incident at Kutcher 's home and targeting Justin Bieber 's Calabasas , Caifornia , home a week later , according to a police statement . "  The comments of the call advised that there were individuals inside the location with guns and explosives , and that several people had been shot , " the police said . Dozens of emergency personnel rushed to Kutcher 's residence only to find workers inside and no emergency , police said . Kutcher , who was on the set of his TV sitcom "  Two and a Half Men , " also rushed to his home . "  Swatting " is when "  computer hackers utilize their skills to place false emergency calls of serious crimes in progress to law enforcement and fire dispatch centers , thus causing a large number of first responders " to arrive , police said . "  The swatting practice is extremely dangerous and places first responders and citizens in harm 's way . " Hollywood division detectives worked with the FBI and police in Long Beach , California , to find the suspect , who was arrested on December 10 , police said . The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office is reviewing the case to decide how to prosecute the youth , police said . Other incidents that may be linked to the suspect have also been identified , police said .	The suspect is a Southern California juvenile who was not identified The hoax call said people with guns and explosives had invaded Kutcher 's home Kutcher 's home was "  swatted " October 3 , Bieber 's a week later "  Swatting " is when hackers place fake emergency calls , police said
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama 's plan to train and arm Syrian rebels in their battle against ISIS fighters faces deep skepticism from a large number of Democratic senators who will vote Thursday whether to approve the escalation of U.S. involvement in the deadly conflict . While Senate leaders are confident the measure will pass , misgivings raised by so many senators from the President 's party speak to the difficulty the administration is having gaining traction for its ISIS policy . It also suggests an upcoming debate in November over whether to OK broader military action against ISIS could be contentious . House approves plan to assist Syrian rebels Democrats have a 55-45 majority in the Senate  53 Democrats and two independents who caucus with the party  . In a floor speech Wednesday , Sen. Joe Manchin , a centrist Democrat from West Virginia , cited reports that some of the moderate Syrian rebels the United States wants to arm had sold the American journalist Steven Sotloff to ISIS , which murdered him . "  Are those people our allies ? " he asked . "  I strongly believe that if our military arms and trains Syrian rebels , we will be involving ourselves in a ground conflict we can not resolve , where potentially everyone involved is our enemy , " Manchin said . "  There are a lot of people struggling with this vote right now , " said Sen. Chris Murphy of Connecticut . "  I really have no idea what the ultimate vote will be . " Murphy , a freshman Democrat , is a leading critic of arming the rebels . He fears the weapons one day will be turned on Americans . "  I think it 's very hard to sort out the moderate rebels from the extremists and I have a real worry that once we send these rebels back into the battle space there is very little we can do to prevent them from locking arms with al Qaeda or elements of ISIS , " Murphy explained . Sen. Mark Begich , an endangered Democratic running in a tight re-election in Alaska , said he is unhappy the serious question about the Syrian rebels will be tucked inside a large government funding bill -- known as a continuing resolution , or CR -- and is not likely to face a up or down vote by itself . "  They should n't wedge this issue into the CR . This is an important issue to determine our role in the Mideast . For them to just throw it into the budget bill is a disservice to the American people , " Begich said as he left a vote on the Senate floor Wednesday . Begich , like Murphy , said he supports other aspects of the President 's policy to defeat ISIS -- including airstrikes -- but is concerned the weapons the United States provides the Syrians will "  end up in someone else 's hands that are not our friends . " Other Democrats in tough re-election campaigns have struggled to make up their minds . "  I support the intent but I want to see the  legislative  language , " Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire said . Asked which way he would vote , Sen. Mark Udall of Colorado told CNN he was undecided and "  looking at the language right now " as he hustled to the Senate floor for a vote . Minutes later as he left the Capitol , he told CNN he intends "  to vote for the President 's plan to arm the rebels . " Even Dick Durbin , the second-ranking Senate Democrat , could n't say whether he would vote yes . "  There are some aspects of it I think need clarity , " he said as he rode a subway car to a Senate office building to listen to Secretary of State John Kerry testify on ISIS before the Foreign Relations Committee . "  I want to wait and see . I think it 's only fair to the people I represent and the President . " Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , a member of the Armed Services Committee , pushed back on critics of the President 's plan . She said the U.S. intelligence community will play an important role in vetting the rebels and that training could take up to a year before arms are provided . "  All of those people criticizing this choice , I have yet to hear their better idea , " she said . Despite the lukewarm reception the President 's plan has gotten from many Democrats , Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York , the third-ranking Senate Democrat , predicted it will pass . "  I think on the ISIS bill , while everyone is worried and has concerns , the President 's proposal has broad support and I think you 'll probably find a majority of Republicans and majority of Democrats voting for it , which in this place at this time is a rare thing , " he said .	House votes to approve arming and training Syrian rebels Democratic-led Senate votes on the measure Thursday Many Democrats are skeptical and believe the effort could lead to a slippery slope Measure will be tucked inside a government spending bill
CNN  -- A monthlong French offensive has killed "  hundreds " of Islamist fighters in Mali , the French defense minister said , as his troops prepare to start withdrawing next month . French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian gave the number of casualties to CNN affiliate BFM on Tuesday night . He did not offer additional details . Read more : French leader makes jubilant trip to Mali Hours earlier , France told the local Metro newspaper that it expects to begin withdrawing its troops out of Mali in March and leave African forces in control . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said despite the withdrawal , troops will continue operations to flush out militants in "  some terrorist havens " in northern Mali . At Mali 's request , France launched the offensive against militants in its former colony last month . The ground-and-air campaign has sent Islamist fighters who had seized the northern region fleeing into the vast desert . French President Francois Hollande visited Timbuktu last week , just days after French forces had freed the fabled city from Islamist militants . Read more : Six reasons events in Mali matter French-led troops now control Timbuktu and the city of Gao , along with a swath in between the two that was an Islamist stronghold for almost a year . Troops are working to secure Kindal , the last major city under the grip of militants . Over the past two days , sandstorms have hampered operations across the country . Read more : Should we still fear al Qaeda ? Islamic extremists carved out a large portion of the north last year after a chaotic military coup . They banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and destroyed historic tombs and shrines in the region . World leaders feared that the al Qaeda-linked militants would turn the area into a terrorist haven . France says it has 4,000 soldiers in Mali . Its troops are fighting alongside nearly 3,800 African soldiers , it said , a number expected to go up . Read more : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	France launched an offensive last month against militants in its former colony It says it has 4,000 French soldiers in Mali French troops are fighting alongside nearly 3,800 African soldiers
CNN  -- President Obama is expected to sign the final health care legislation into law this week , but while the action wraps up on Capitol Hill , the heated debate over reform shows no sign of cooling down . With lawmakers back in their districts for the spring work period , the conversation just moves to a different platform . For Democrats , the two-week recess is an opportunity to highlight the immediate benefits of a law the public is not yet sold on . Democrats say the health care law provides all Americans with the opportunity to receive health care and prevents insurance companies from denying coverage to those who need it most . For Republicans , it 's a chance to rally support behind their efforts to repeal what they decry as a "  takeover " of the health care system that will saddle future generations of Americans with debt . What 's the one thing you want to ask your representatives ? Republicans have made "  repeal and replace " their battle cry , and Obama has said he welcomes the fight . At an event in Iowa City , Iowa , last week , the president scoffed at the Republicans ' strategy , saying , "  My attitude is -- Go for it . " Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann last week introduced a bill to repeal the health care legislation , as did other Republican lawmakers . "  We need to work together , whether we 're Republicans , independents , Democrats , we all have to work together for whatever is in the best interest of the American people . And repeal most certainly is in the best interest of the people because this bill will lead to economic harm if it 's left in place , " Bachmann told CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " But Tim Kaine , chairman of the Democratic National Committee , said he does n't think efforts to knock down the legislation stand much chance . "  They may want to push forward on a repeal of health care , to tell small businesses you 're not going to get tax credits to pay for insurance , to tell families you now ca n't keep children on your policy until -LSB- they -RSB- 're 26 , to tell folks that you 're now subject to these abuses of the insurance industry . I think they 'd be unwise to do it . I think the American public will reject it , " he told CBS . Despite the opposing messages , both sides say the public supports them . Republicans say the public opposes the president 's plan , but Democrats insist that people will eventually accept the plan now that it is finalized . And so far , both sides have a point . Most Americans disapprove of the health care reform law , but that does not translate into majority support for the "  repeal and replace " strategy , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Monday . CNN Poll : Americans divided over repealing health care law Meanwhile , polls from both CBS and Quinnipiac University suggest that there has been a slight uptick in approval of the legislation following the vote . Another survey , a ABC/Washington Post poll released Sunday , indicated that the public 's overall view of the health care plan has held steady , with 46 percent supporting it and 50 percent opposed . The percentage of people who said they strongly support the health care legislation , however , increased by 10 points since February , while the percentage who strongly opposed it stayed about the same . "  We 'll find out in November who won or lost this battle , " Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , told CBS . "  What I do next is , I 'm trying to replace those who voted for this bill . I want to repeal it . And I want to replace it with some real reform that puts patients in charge of their health care again , " he said . Echoing DeMint , South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said he was looking forward to an election in November "  about whether this health care bill is a real fix or a phony political document trying to grow the government . " Calling the legislation a "  giant Ponzi scheme , " the Republican senator vowed that the fight "  wo n't wind up just being in Washington . " Following a week of over-the-top rhetoric stemming from the health care vote , Sen. Barbara Mikulski , a Democrat from Maryland , cautioned that if lawmakers do n't watch their own words , they 'll hurt their credibility . "  If we do n't take ourselves seriously and act in a serious way , we 're not going to be taken seriously by the American people , " Mikulski said . "  I have a suggestion . Let 's go back to the three R 's : respect , rules of engagement that promote decorum , and , No. 3 -- stop the rewards system that enables you to raise a lot of money after using outrageous and bizarre behavior , " she added .	Lawmakers back in their districts for two-week spring recess Republicans , Democrats trying to sell their points of view to their constituents Republicans want to "  repeal and replace " health care legislation Polls show support for legislation up slightly since before last week 's vote
AMC is n't settling for just one "  Walking Dead . " The network has ordered a pilot for a companion series , according to Entertainment Weekly . The series will be set in a different location than "  The Walking Dead " and will feature a different cast , but it will be grounded in the same zombie-infested world . Better still , the pilot will have the same creative team behind it as "  TWD , " including executive producers Robert Kirkman , Gale Anne Hurd and David Alpert . Kirkman , who crafted the pilot script with "  Sons of Anarchy 's " Dave Erickson , told EW that there are still "  many corners of ` The Walking Dead ' universe that remain unseen in the shadows , " and he is excited to shed some light on them with a different project . Though details about the companion series are scarce , AMC President Charlie Collier assured fans that everyone is trying to keep the bar high . "  Obviously , we all take our stewardship of the original franchise incredibly seriously , " he told EW , "  and we ... are all proceeding with extreme care in order to ensure that we are offering fans something truly compelling , engaging and distinct . " If they pull it off , AMC is in for another ratings juggernaut . "  The Walking Dead " consistently performs for the network , reaching a peak of 16.1 million viewers with its season four premiere in October 2013 . It closed out that season in March with 15.7 million . "  The Walking Dead " season five is expected to premiere in October . If you need to catch up , season four arrives on Netflix streaming September 28 . Fall TV 2014 : When your fave shows return	AMC has ordered a pilot for a "  Walking Dead " companion series The series will be in a different location and with a different cast It includes some of the same creative team Few other details are known about the project
Los Angeles  CNN  -- R&B singer Robin Thicke and actress Paula Patton have separated , representatives for the couple told CNN . Thicke and Patton , whose son Julian Fuego turns 4 in April , married in 2005 . The couple met and began dating as teenagers . "  We will always love each other and be best friends , however , we have mutually decided to separate at this time , " the couple said in a joint statement released to the media . They dismissed rumors swirling last year that their marriage was on the rocks . "  I do n't know if I would still be alive in some ways if it was n't for Paula , " Thicke told Prestige Hong Kong magazine in September . "  She 's been my rock , my muse , my inspiration and I love her . The whole way . " They appeared together on the Grammys red carpet last month . He is currently on a national concert tour , while she was most recently seen in the film "  About Last Night . " Their reps gave no additional details , such as if a divorce filing is in the works . CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Thicke and Patton 's son Julian Fuego turns 4 in April "  We will always love each other and be best friends , " their statement says Their reps gave no additional details , such as if a divorce filing is in the works
CNN  -- World champion Jenson Button is up to third place in the drivers standings after his victory in the Australian Grand Prix . The Briton , who was claiming his first success in a McLaren after winning the world title for Brawn GP , secured the maximum 25 points in Melbourne to move up to 31 points overall . It is tight at the top with two-time former world champion Fernando Alonso following up his opening race victory in Bahrain with fourth place behind Button . The Spaniard leads Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa , who finished third on Sunday , by just four points . Meanwhile , Ferrari already appear to be the contructor to beat , as they have opened up a 16-point advantage after two races . Drivers ' Championship  after two rounds  : 1 . Fernando Alonso  Spa  Ferrari 37 points 2 . Felipe Massa  Brz  Ferrari 33 3 . Jenson Button  GB  McLaren 31 4 . Lewis Hamilton  GB  McLaren 23 5 . Nico Rosberg  Ger  Mercedes GP 20 6 . Robert Kubica  Pol  Renault 18 7 . Sebastian Vettel  Ger  Red Bull 12 8 . Michael Schumacher  Ger  Mercedes GP 9 9 . Vitantonio Liuzzi  Ita  Force India 8 10 . Mark Webber  Aus  Red Bull 6 Constructors ' Championship : 1 . Ferrari 70 points 2 . McLaren 54 3 . Mercedes GP 29 4 . Red Bull 18 4 . Renault 18 6 . Force India 8	Fernando Alonso maintains his lead in F1 drivers ' standings with second race in Melbourne Alonso four points ahead of teammate Felipe Massa after finishing fourth in Australian GP World champion Jenson Button secures victory in his McLaren to move up to third overall
Hong Kong  CNN  -- With a long red AIDS ribbon pinned to his chest , Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang warned of the grave situation of HIV/AIDS in China , calling it "  not only a medical issue but also a social challenge . " On the week of World AIDS Day , the man expected to replace Wen Jiabao as premier next year , publicly acknowledged the nation 's challenges with the epidemic . The disease shows no sign of abating in the world 's most populous country . AIDS related-deaths have increased by 8.6 percent to 17,740 deaths , compared with the previous year , according to the country 's health figures . And 68,802 new HIV/AIDS cases were reported this year up to October , according to Chinese state media . But some HIV/AIDS advocates say the number of cases is underestimated , in part because many people who have HIV/AIDS may never have been tested to know their status . CDC : Half of young people with HIV do n't know it China has grappled with a checkered HIV history that includes a contaminated blood scandal in a central province and , in years past , denying that AIDS was a problem in the country . But recently , China 's elite has appeared to champion HIV/AIDS causes . Peng Liyuan , the wife of China 's presumptive next president , Xi Jinping is the World Health Organization 's Goodwill Ambassador for Tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS . Li , who also heads a commission on the prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS , met with health activists on Monday and vowed action . "  Li is very friendly and decisive , " said Li Hu , director of HaiHeZhiXing AIDS Volunteer Group , who met with the leader . "  There are hopes that we can do a better job with leader 's help . " In statements published in state-run news media , the vice premier pledged greater support and tax breaks for HIV/AIDS organizations , an expansion of free drug treatment for people with the disease and protection of patients from discrimination at hospitals . But Li 's words were of little comfort for a migrant worker who said his family 's life was ruined by AIDS . He traveled to Beijing seeking legal redress and spoke to CNN , requesting anonymity due to the sensitive nature of HIV/AIDS issues . Opinion : Creating an AIDS-free generation by starting at home "  I do n't feel anything , " said the man , about Li 's declaration . He came to the capital from Henan province , where Li had served as governor . His wife gave blood in a blood drive sponsored by local officials in the province in 1997 . As a student , she had been urged to give blood because it was "  an honor , " the man said . The couple learned last year during a prenatal screening that she has AIDS and will soon learn if their one-year-old child is HIV-positive . He says the family faces financial hardships , and his wife is unable to work because of health problems . While his wife and child receive free AIDS medication from the government , he estimates spending $ 6,500 to treat related infections caused by her weakened immune system that are not covered by the program . Their one-year-old baby can not drink breast milk , due to concerns about HIV infection , he said . Though there 's no way to prove that his wife contracted the disease in the blood drives in Henan in the 1990s , he remains convinced and is planning to make his case in Beijing like many others from the province have . In 1998 , Li became the governor of Henan , one of the most populous provinces in China , which was also one of the areas most devastated by HIV/AIDS . During his stint , there were criticisms related to an HIV/AIDS outbreak linked to local blood banks . State-run media attributed the disease 's spread to "  illegal blood sales and contaminated blood transfusions . " The central government began tightening controls over the business in the mid-1990s once more was known about HIV and how the virus is spread . While most of the infections happened before Li arrived in Henan , he faced major criticism . Read more : Hillary Clinton unveils ` blueprint ' to combat AIDS "  We have been criticizing him over the blood scandal in Henan , which many people died in silence without getting medical help , " said Wan Yanhai , a former government health official turned AIDS advocate . Wan was arrested in 2002 in Beijing after publishing a government report on the spread of AIDS in Henan . "  I do believe -LSB- Li -RSB- has done some good things , if we look at the record of him as a governor and party head , " Wan said . But he added there was silence during Li 's years in Henan . During Li 's tenure there , journalists trying to write about HIV/AIDS were detained , activists and doctors were sent away , Wan said . He left China in 2010 , citing harassment by authorities . Li 's recent outreach to the HIV/AIDS community was welcomed by Li Hu , an activist based in Tianjin , who called it "  definitely a boost for our work . Policies can only be well executed with their supervision . " In recent years , China has made a series of progressive reforms . It lifted a ban prohibiting foreigners with HIV from visiting the country in 2010 -- the same year as the United States . China also promised antiretroviral treatment for all patients with HIV in 2003 . A UNAIDS report released last week lauded China for increasing the number of people receiving antiretroviral treatment by 50 % last year . Almost a decade ago , the Chinese government formed a policy called "  Four frees , one care " that would give free blood tests for those with HIV , free education for AIDS orphans , free consultation and screening tests , and free antiretroviral therapy for pregnant women . But hundreds protested in Henan in August , calling for full implementation of the government 's HIV/AIDS policies across the province .	Vice premier Li Keqiang pledges support for battling HIV/AIDS in China Li was criticized during his tenure as governor stemming from blood scandal in Henan HIV/AIDS patient 's family says government has n't properly addressed past
Perth , Australia  CNN  -- Four weeks to the day since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 went missing , the search is set to continue Saturday -- both on the surface of the southern Indian Ocean and deep below it . Time is fast ticking down to find the missing Boeing 777 's locator pingers : If functioning as expected , their batteries will run out of juice Monday . The British Royal Navy survey ship HMS Echo and the Australian naval supply ship Ocean Shield began scouring about 6,500 feet to 13,000 feet deep on the ocean floor on Friday along a single 150-mile  240-kilometer  track , said retired Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , the head of the Australian agency coordinating the search . The Ocean Shield has high-tech gear borrowed from the United States . That includes a Bluefin-21 , which can scour the ocean floor for wreckage , and a Towed Pinger Locator 25 , with its underwater microphone to detect pings from the jet 's voice and data recorders as deep as 20,000 feet  6,100 meters  . "  It is a very slow proceeding , " U.S. Navy Capt. Mark M. Matthews said of the second tool , which is towed behind a vessel typically moving at 1 to 5 knots . Said Bill Schofield , an Australian scientist who worked on developing flight data recorders : "  If they do find it , I think it 'll be remarkable . " Up to 10 military planes and three civilian aircraft -- in addition for 11 ships -- will be looking Saturday for any sign of Flight 370 , according to the Australian government . The search area will be just under 84,000 square miles  217,000 square kilometers  , which is slightly less than the area searched Friday , and will focus some 1,050 miles northwest of Perth . This is about 50 miles further from the western Australian city than was the case a day earlier . Is this the right spot ? Will they find anything ? So far , all efforts to locate signs of the airliner have proven unsuccessful . Still , those involved have vowed to keep trying . "  Really , the best we can do right now is put these assets in the best location -- the best guess we have -- and kind of let them go , " U.S. Navy Cmdr. William Marks told CNN . "  Until we get conclusive evidence of debris , it is just a guess . " ` Long way to go ' Officials have repeatedly warned that the massive international search to find signs of the Kuala Lumpur-to-Beijing flight may not conclude any time soon . "  We 've still got a long way to go , " Houston said Friday . In the case of Air France Flight 447 , which crashed into the Atlantic Ocean in 2009 , officials found debris on the surface after five days of searching . But it took them nearly two years to find the main pieces of wreckage , the flight recorders and many of the bodies of those on board . With Flight 370 , the search teams have even fewer clues . On Thursday , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott warned that "  we can not be certain of ultimate success in the search " for the Malaysian aircraft . He described it as the most difficult search "  in human history . " Authorities have yet to explain why the plane flew off course or where it ended up ; investigations into the 227 passengers and 12 crew members have yielded no suggestion that any of them might have been behind the disappearance . 6 missteps in the investigation Families ' frustrations Malaysian officials held a briefing for Malaysian relatives of those aboard MH370 on Thursday evening at a Kuala Lumpur hotel , but attendees told CNN that nothing new had emerged . Mohammad Sahril Shaari , whose cousin Mohammad Razahan Zamani was a honeymooning groom on the plane , said the three-hour session had felt like a "  waste of time . " He added , "  I was hoping for some news that they had tracked the plane or some parts of it , but nothing like that happened . " Selamat Bin Omar , the father of another passenger , Malaysian civil flight engineer Mohammed Khairul Amri Selamat , said officials described in detail the satellite data that has led investigators to the current search area . "  They could not tell us if the plane crashed , " he said . "  They said they were still looking into it . " Danica Weeks , wife of passenger Paul Weeks , said after the meeting that the jet 's disappearance still perplexes her . "  The hardest process for me is understanding that a commercial airliner can just go black , " the New Zealander told CNN 's Paula Newton . "  That someone can just turn off all communications , all matter of tracking an airliner , and it can just disappear . And this is the mystery . " About the search for the plane , she said , "  If it 's there , they will find it . But are they in the right place ? It 's all calculations . It 's all guesswork . " Hanging on to hope Weeks said her infant son Jack will celebrate his first birthday next month , and their 3-year-old son , Lincoln , was still coming to grips with their loss . "  Dad was everything for him , " she said . "  He read Lincoln always his bedtime story , and they had this saying that they 'd say -- you know , ` Good night , I love you and see you in the morning for breakfast . ' "  And now he comes out and I tell him that Dad is up in the sky , and we come out every night and we find the brightest star . We find the brightest star and he says , ` Good night , Daddy , I love you . See you in the morning for breakfast . ' And that breaks my heart . " But , four weeks after the plane vanished , she too has not given up on seeing him for breakfast . "  I know it sounds crazy , but I still have a slight hope , you know , " she said , adding that she will be able to grieve only after confronted by evidence of his death . "  The grief at this point still has n't started for me , " she said . "  I have my moments , but until I have evidence , I still do n't know . " The partner of American passenger Philip Wood was also among those who attended Friday 's meeting . "  The only thing I learned last night after three hours is that the Malaysian families are more calm and rational than the Chinese , " Sarah Bajc told CNN 's Judy Kwon in an e-mail . "  But they are equally frustrated and have totally lost faith in the Malaysian government . " Bajc noted that officials have concluded that the jetliner flew over Malaysia "  for quite a long time . " "  It is impossible that this relatively sophisticated military power did n't see it , " she said . "  They are clearly hiding something . We just do n't know what . " Malaysia refuses to let families hear the plane 's radio communications The Malaysian Department of Civil Aviation denied a request by Malaysian families to release the audio recording of radio communications among the pilot , co-pilot and air traffic control , two people who attended the briefing said . The department 's chief , Azharuddin Abdul Rahman , told the relatives that even the families of pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah and co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid have not been allowed to listen to the recording because it is part of an ongoing investigation , the two attendees said . Malaysian authorities released a transcript of the recording Tuesday . "  This is an event that is so unprecedented and I think that is so significant that it can never be allowed to get off the screens , get off the radar , " K.S. Narendran told CNN 's Erin Burnett . His wife , Chandrika Sharma , was on the flight . "  My concern is that if we do n't really get to the bottom of it , we can not really be certain that we are safe and that we are secure every time we board a flight . " Ocean Shield : A mission of hope in search for Flight 370 Flight 370 : High-tech search tools Inside the flight simulator Read the cockpit transcript CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph reported from Perth , and Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Ingrid Formanek , Jethro Mullen , Laura Smith-Spark , Ben Brumfield , Mitra Mobasherat , Paula Newton and journalist Ivy Sam contributed to this report .	NEW : Up to 10 military planes , 3 civilian planes , 11 ships will be part of Saturday 's search NEW : The search area shifts slightly further off Australia 's northwest coast Naval vessels are looking for underwater hoping to locate the plane 's ping A month later , still holding on to hope : "  See you in the morning for breakfast "
KHARTOUM , Sudan  CNN  -- A Sudanese court found a British teacher guilty of insulting religion and sentenced her to 15 days in prison Thursday for allowing a teddy bear to be named "  Mohammed , " British authorities and her lawyer reported . An undated amateur photo of Gillian Gibbons , who has been found guilty of insulting religion . Gillian Gibbons also faces deportation from Sudan after her prison term , her lawyer told CNN . He said that he was "  very disappointed " with the verdict and that Gibbons planned to appeal . Gibbons was not convicted of two other charges brought against her -- inciting hatred and showing contempt for religious beliefs , her lawyer said . Gibbons , 54 , was arrested Sunday after she asked her class of 7-year-olds in Khartoum to name the stuffed animal as part of a school project , the British Foreign Office said . She had faced charges under Article 125 of Sudan 's constitution , the law relating to insulting religion and inciting hatred . Although there is no ban in the Quran on images of Allah or the Prophet Mohammed , Islam 's founder , likenesses are considered highly offensive by Muslims . Watch latest developments in the case . " Appearing somber and dazed , Gibbons arrived at the central courthouse in Khartoum for her closed hearing early Thursday . A staff member from the British Embassy in Khartoum and defense lawyers attended the hearing with her . The courthouse was heavily guarded by police , who kept journalists -- and , for a while , even one of her attorneys -- away . Gibbons could have faced a sentence of 40 lashes , a fine , or a jail term of up to a year , according to the Foreign Office , which expressed Britain 's dissatisfaction with the verdict . "  We are extremely disappointed that the charges against Gillian Gibbons were not dismissed , " Foreign Secretary David Miliband said in a statement issued shortly after the verdict was announced . "  As I said this morning , our clear view is that this is an innocent misunderstanding by a dedicated teacher . Our priority now is to ensure Ms. Gibbons ' welfare , and we will continue to provide consular assistance to her . I have called in the Sudanese ambassador , Omer Siddig , this evening to explain the decision and discuss next steps . " Watch a report on reactions to the verdict " The Foreign Office said Gibbons would be given credit for the four days since her arrest , meaning that the she has 11 days remaining on her sentence . Earlier , Miliband had met with Siddig , who was summoned to the Foreign Office in London . "  I explained to him that we were very concerned by the case . We believe that this was an innocent misunderstanding , " Miliband said in a statement released Thursday after the meeting . "  The Sudanese ambassador undertook to ensure our concerns were relayed to Khartoum at the highest level . He also said he would reflect back to Khartoum the real respect for the Islamic religion in this country , " the statement added . On the first floor of the courthouse , around 25 police linked arms and forced journalists and British officials away from the court entrance . Police detained some journalists , and confiscated a camera belonging to a freelance CNN cameraman . Four vans filled with riot police were waiting outside the courthouse , but there were no signs of street disturbances or protests . Staff from Gibbons ' school , including Robert Boulos , the head of Unity High School , were present . The staff members refused to comment on their colleague 's predicament . On Wednesday , Boulos said he was "  horrified " when he found out that the complaint about the naming of the bear came from a member of his own staff -- not from a parent , as originally thought . Defense counsel later confirmed that the complaint came from Sarah Khawad , a secretary at the school . Gibbons has been working at the school -- popular with wealthy Sudanese and expatriates -- since August , after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool , England , this summer , Boulos said . He said Gibbons asked the children to pick their favorite name for the new class mascot , which she was using to aid lessons about animals and their habitats . E-mail to a friend Journalist Andrew Heavens contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	British teacher in Sudan found guilty of insulting religion Gillian Gibbons , 54 , arrested after her class named teddy bear "  Mohammed " Gibbons was not convicted of two other charges brought against her UK consular staff , Gibbons ' defense team initially refused access to the court
CNN  -- Happy birthday , Lady Liberty ! The Statue of Liberty turns 128 on Tuesday , and she 's never looked better . Still tall and regal , you may overlook this American icon because she 's been around for so long . But trust us : She 's kind of a badass . Here are 5 reasons why : 1 . She 's on her #selfie game Head on over to the "  Crown Cam " to check out this hot "  statue selfie . " It 's just one of a few cameras set up at EarthCam.com to capture the action on Ellis Island . 2 . The hip-hop crowd loves her Want some street cred ? Throw a line in your rap song about La Liberty , and it 's all good . From Jay Z 's "  Empire State of Mind "  "  Statue of Liberty , long live the World Trade "  to Ludacris ' "  Undisputed "  "  So put ya fist up , even the Statue of Liberty lit a flame for the way that I lit my wrist up "  , she is hailed . 3 . She celebrates holidays The Statue of Liberty will reportedly do some crossdressing for Halloween . Designer Nick Graham has said he will outfit her in a few bow ties to celebrate both the holiday and the launch of his new menswear line . The 60-foot , 35-pound bow ties wo n't actually be draped around the statue but will be flown near it using helicopters for a quick photo op . "  I was just thinking of something that would be fun to do , dressing up something very large , " Graham told ABC News . "  Mount Rushmore is too far from here , so the next best thing is the Statue of Liberty . " Speaking of costumes , imitation is the sincerest form of flattery -- and there 's a "  sexy Statue of Liberty " outfit for sale . 4 . She 's all about social media It would be a monumental misstep if Lady Liberty was n't on Twitter , right ? The statue often retweets fans sharing their experiences visiting her . And she has a Facebook page that features facts and historical photos . Now we 're just waiting for her Instagram account . 5 . She is a total New Yorker Cosmopolitan , elegant , tough under pressure and a survivor  remember when she closed during the government shutdown ?  , it 's no wonder when TV and movie directors want to show the city in all its glory , there is a shot of her front and center . Carrie Bradshaw has nothing on you , Lady Liberty .	The Statue of Liberty turns 128 on Tuesday She 's being "  dressed up " for Halloween Her official Twitter account is popular
Johannesburg  CNN  -- South African anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela successfully underwent hernia surgery Saturday , a family member told CNN Saturday . Mandela was "  comfortable " and in "  a satisfactory condition " Saturday , said the South African president , who referred to the medical event only as "  a planned procedure . " The 93-year-old likely will be discharged within the next two days , a Mandela relative told CNN . Considered the founding father of South Africa 's democracy , Mandela became an international figure when he endured 27 years in prison for fighting racial segregation . He was freed in 1990 , and three years later , he and then-South African President F.W. de Klerk won the Nobel Peace Prize . In 1994 , Mandela was elected president , serving only one term as he had promised . On Saturday , President Jacob Zuma said Mandela was being treated for a "  longstanding abdominal complaint . " The president referred to Mandela by his affectionate clan name Madiba . "  Madiba is fine and fully conscious and the doctors are satisfied with his condition , which they say is consistent with his age , " Zuma said in a statement Saturday afternoon . "  He was in good health before admission in hospital but doctors felt the complaint needed a thorough investigation . He underwent a diagnostic procedure as part of his ongoing medical management . We are happy that he is not in any danger and thank the doctors for their hard work and professionalism , " Zuma said . A government official assured the public that Mandela 's hospital stay was not an emergency . "  People need not panic . This was planned ... Mandela has had abdominal pains for sometime , " said Keith Khoza , a spokesman for the ruling African National Congress . Officials and family declined to name the hospital where the former president is undergoing treatment . Mandela last appeared in public in the closing ceremonies of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . He was hospitalized last year for treatment of an acute respiratory infection , and continued to receive treatment at home after doctors discharged him . Despite his rare appearances , Mandela retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy here . He spent 27 years in prison after being convicted of sabotage and attempts to overthrow the former apartheid regime . In a life fighting the racism of apartheid he went from being considered a terrorist to jailed freedom fighter to nation builder to elder statesman respected in the world 's capitals . Clint Eastwood 's 2009 film "  Invictus , " starring Morgan Freeman as Mandela , dramatizes Mandela 's nation-healing presidency in the 1990s . Mandela relocated to his childhood town of Qunu last year , but moved back to his Johannesburg home earlier this year . At the time , Zuma said the move was because the home in his boyhood town was undergoing maintenance . Members of the public can send messages to Mandela through President Zuma to president@po.gov.za, officials said . CNN 's Nadia Bilchik , Faith Karimi and Michael Martinez contributed to this report	Mandela is "  comfortable " and in "  a satisfactory condition , " president says Mandela had an operation for a hernia , relative says He should be released no later than Monday , relative says The former president last appeared in public in 2010
CNN  -- When the sky falls , you 'd think people would run for cover . Not tonight . If the clouds cooperate , skies all over North America will light up between 2 a.m. and 4 a.m. ET Saturday in a rare sight that 's excited everyone from space geeks to insomniacs to regular folks . "  I AM SO PUMPED FOR THE METEOR SHOWER TONIGHT OMG , " tweeted one woman . Actually , these meteors are n't necessarily falling on the Earth . Rather , it 's the Earth that 's moving through the debris of Comet 209/P Linear . Whatever the reason , experts say this one-night-only phenomenon known as the May Camelopardalids could produce a huge light show -- or be a dud . NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory noted that some forecasters are predicting about 100 meteors per hour , while others have much higher expectations , predicting more than 1,000 meteors per hour . It 's not like there 's a lot of history to say which way things will go . "  We have no idea what the comet was doing in the 1800s , " said Bill Cooke , the head of NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office . "  The parent comet does n't appear to be very active now , so there could be a great show or there could be little activity . " Awe-inspiring photos : ` Blood moon ' mesmerizes sky gazers Still , the mere prospect of a big light show is enough to get people up in the middle of the night -- if they go to sleep at all -- to take it all in . CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris noted that this is the first time in a generation that Earthlings can see a new meteor shower . This cosmic event has been years in the making : NASA announced in 2012 that Earth would encounter debris from this comet -- which also rotates around the sun -- crossing our orbit this weekend . The meteors should radiate from a point in Camelopardalis , a faint constellation near the North Star that 's also known as "  the giraffe , " Cooke said . The Jet Propulsion Laboratory recommends that those who want to see the show find a spot away from city lights , give themselves time to adjust to looking at the night sky and use their own eyes  no binoculars necessary  to enjoy the view . The best place to watch the shower will be east of the Mississippi River or in California . The worst may be parts of the Plains and Northeast , where rain and cloud cover is possible . If you 're in Europe , Africa , Asia or South America , do n't even bother to look . Several people tweeted about what they 'll be wishing on , while others wished for someone with whom they could enjoy the occasion . "  Meteor shower tonight !!!!! " read one post . "  Everyone turn off lights , go outside , put down blankets , cuddle up and enjoy !!!! But not everyone is comfortable with the spectacle , it seems . "  Everyone wants me to watch the meteor shower , " tweeted one woman , "  but I think he deserves his privacy . " Astronaut tells kid , ` You 'd love it up here ' CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	May Camelopardalids could light up skies over North America early Saturday The meteor shower is from the Earth passing through the debris of a comet Forecasters say it will produce as few as 100 or as many as 1,000 meteors an hour Scores of people on Twitter express excitement about the cosmic event
Beijing  CNN  -- The Chinese authorities are investigating an incident in which dozens of angry protesters surrounded the car of U.S. Ambassador Gary Locke in a Beijing street , some throwing objects at the vehicle before security forces intervened to protect it . The United States has expressed concern to China about the unusual disturbance on Tuesday , which comes at a sensitive time for American diplomats following the death of Ambassador Christopher Stevens in an attack in Libya last week . The harassment of Locke 's black Cadillac took place as anti-Japanese demonstrators marched in numerous Chinese cities amid tensions between the two Asian countries over a disputed group of islands , known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China . Chinese outrage over islands troubles Japanese public "  Our mission is located very close to the Japanese mission , and there were some chantings of slogans with regard to the Senkaku Islands , " Victoria Nuland , a State Department spokeswoman , said Wednesday at a regular news conference . "  So our preliminary assessment is that it was related to that issue and not to the issues in the Middle East . " She said China has expressed "  regret " over the incident , which caused "  minor damage " to the car and left Locke unharmed . A video of the events uploaded Wednesday to the dissident artist Ai WeiWei 's channel on YouTube shows about 50 protesters , some of them carrying Chinese flags , gathering around Locke 's car as it tries to enter the embassy compound . A few of the demonstrators are seen hurling objects at the front of the vehicle before uniformed security officers manage to shield the car , enabling it to drive a short distance up the street and enter the compound through a different gate . The incident was an "  isolated case , " Hong Lei , a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman , said Wednesday at a regular news briefing in Beijing . "  Relevant Chinese authorities are investigating and will handle the result properly , " he said . The long-running dispute between China and Japan over the islands -- situated between Okinawa and Taiwan in the East China Sea -- has escalated in the past two weeks after the Japanese government announced the acquisition of several of the islands from a private Japanese owner . China declared the purchase illegal and has sent patrol vessels into the waters around the islands , drawing protest from the Japanese government . The Chinese authorities also allowed the anti-Japanese protests to take place over several days . Some of the demonstrations turned violent , causing damage to Japanese businesses and prompting some companies to temporarily suspend operations . The United States , a key ally of Japan , has refused to take sides on the competing sovereignty claims over the islands . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , who met with senior officials in both Tokyo and Bejing in recent days , has urged the two countries to resolve the issue through peaceful negotiations . Dangerous Rocks : Can both sides back off peacefully ? CNN 's Steven Jiang reported from Beijing ; Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . CY Xu and Stan Grant also contributed to this report .	The U.S. says it has expressed concern to the Chinese authorities China says it is investigating what it describes as an "  isolated case " About 50 protesters gathered around the car , some throwing objects The incident took place amid anti-Japanese protests in China
CNN  -- The discovery of HIV , a breakthrough in the treatment of bipolar disorder , the advent of the contraceptive pill ... CNN looks at some of the scientific discoveries that changed the world . HIV was isolated by scientists in 1983 and named in 1986 by an international committee THE DISCOVERY OF HIV / AIDS Originally called slimmer 's disease , as sufferers lost a lot of weight , the first recorded case of HIV occurred in the Congo in 1977 . After several infections , a Danish doctor died of pneumonia , which normally does n't break through the body 's immune system . The components of her disease had not yet been placed together , indicating that this was a new form of illness . Other cases spread in following years around Africa and in homosexual men in New York and San Francisco . By 1980 , 55 American men had been diagnosed with the disease . Research began in Europe , the U.S. and Africa to ascertain what this new disease could be . The Centers for Disease Control found that the disease was caused by a virus being passed around by bodily fluids such as semen or blood . In 1981 it published its findings , saying the disease attacked T-cells , which help the body fight infection . By 1983 the disease was isolated by teams of American and French researchers . In 1986 an international committee decided the virus should be called human immunodeficiency virus  HIV  . Education campaigns were unrolled around the world , advising people to avoid risky sexual behavior or sharing needles . By June 1990 , 139,765 people had the disease , with a 60 per cent mortality rate . The progress of the disease slowed down in the West with education campaigns and the development of protease inhibitors , which provided sufferers with almost complete remission . But in Africa , the spread and treatment of HIV remains a global concern . THE DISCOVERY OF LITHIUM TO TREAT MOOD DISORDERS Australian psychiatrist John Frederick Joseph Cade once said , "  I believe the brain , like any other organ , can get sick and it can also heal . " He made huge gains in healing the brain through his work with sufferers of bipolar disorder by discovering that lithium salts -- a naturally occurring chemical - could be used to treat the illness . Previously , electro-convulsive therapy and lobotomies had been the major treatments for bipolar disorder . After having been a prisoner of war in World War II , Dr. Cade served as the head of the Bundoora Repatriation Hospital in Melbourne Australia . It was at an unused kitchen in Bundoora where he conducted crude experiments that led to the discovery of lithium as a treatment of bipolar disorder . After trials on humans , Dr. Cade speculated that bipolar disorder was a "  lithium deficiency disease " and that a dose of lithium had a calming effect . Dr. Cade published findings in the Medical Journal of Australia in 1949 entitled "  Lithium salts in the treatment of psychotic excitement . " He died in 1980 . Lithium is still used successfully in the treatment of mental illness to this day . THE DISCOVERY OF BACTERIA Dutchman Antonie van Leeuwenhoek was known as the "  father of micro-biology . " He drew scientific attention to the many bacteria that he discovered . His research was helped by the different types of microscopes that he developed over his lifetime . From his powerful lenses he was able to ascertain many different types of lifeforms too small for the human eye to see . It was by observing the build-up of plaque on teeth that the Dutch scientist discovered what we now know to be bacteria . His initial observations on bacteria make for amusing reading . On September 17 , 1683 , Leeuwenhoek wrote to the Royal Society about the plaque between his own teeth , "  a little white matter , which is as thick as if ` twere batter . " He then observed two women and two old men who had never cleaned their teeth in their lives . Looking at these samples with his microscope , Leeuwenhoek wrote of "  an unbelievably great company of living animalcules , a-swimming more nimbly than any I had ever seen up to this time . The biggest sort ... bent their body into curves in going forwards ... Moreover , the other animalcules were in such enormous numbers , that all the water ... seemed to be alive . " He also observed algae on water surfaces and the furry coating on human and animal tongues during illness , bringing his theories to the attention of the Royal Society . Most bacteria are harmless , although some bacterial diseases are fatal : tuberculosis kills about 2 million people a year . Bacteria are important in the production of cheese and yogurt , in processing wastewater and in manufacturing antibiotics . THE CONTRACEPTIVE PILL The oral contraceptive commonly known as "  the pill " was invented during the 1950s in Shrewsbury , Massachusetts . It contains hormone-like substances , usually estrogen and progestin , that enter the blood stream and disrupt the production of ova and ovulation , with the aim of preventing pregnancy . It originated after an unexpected discovery made in a jungle in Mexico in the 1930s . While Professor Russell Marker was experimenting with plant steroids , he discovered a chemical process that transformed these steroids into the female sex hormone , progesterone . Researchers in the late 1940s began to explore the possibility of an inexpensive oral contraceptive . Chemist Gregory Pincus tested a derivative from Marker 's findings on 1,308 volunteers in Puerto Rico in 1958 and Searle Pharmaceuticals applied for US Food and Drug Administration approval to market the drug . The pill came on to the market in the U.S. in 1960 and is still widely used today . E-mail to a friend	HIV was isolated in 1983 and can be controlled with protease inhibitors Psychiatrist John Cade pioneered lithium as a treatment for bipolar disorder Dutchman Antonie van Leeuwenhoek discovered bacteria as a build-up on teeth Professor Russell Marker 's experiments with plant steroids led to the Pill
CNN  -- Record-breaking daredevil Nik Wallenda completed Sunday what he called his most challenging feat to date : a tightrope walk between two skyscrapers 600 feet above downtown Chicago , partly blindfolded . Crowds below cheered on the seventh-generation aerialist , who wore a microphone during his untethered walk . The "  Skyscraper Live " walk was broadcast on Discovery . "  I love Chicago , and Chicago definitely loves me . What an amazing roar , " the 35-year-old said as he crossed above the Chicago River . The walk consisted of two parts , starting from Marina City 's West Tower , about 588 feet high . He crossed above the Chicago River to the Leo Burnett Building in just under seven minutes , finishing 671 feet above the street , according to Skyscraper Live 's website . After he returned to the West Tower , he crossed to the East Tower blindfolded in one minute and 20 seconds . As a member of the famous Flying Wallendas , founded by his grandfather Karl Wallenda in the 1920s , Wallenda is no stranger to death-defying stunts . He walked across a wire 1,500 feet above a river in Arizona in June 2013 , becoming the first person to traverse the gorge near Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona . Before that , he made a record journey across Niagara Falls in 2012 . Peril also runs in the Wallenda family . Great-grandfather Karl Wallenda was killed at 73 while attempting to walk between two buildings in Puerto Rico in 1978 . But on Sunday , Wallenda made it look easy . "  I 'm so blessed for these opportunities , " he said during his walk . "  You guys watching think I 'm crazy , but this is what I was made for . " .	NEW : The seventh-generation aerialist 's walk was broadcast on Discovery NEW : Nik Wallenda was blindfolded for part of the walk between two skyscrapers Wallenda is a member of the Flying Wallendas , founded by his grandfather in the 1920s
UK company Hornby 's model planes and trains have been made in low-cost emerging markets for decades . Now , piece by piece , production is being brought back home . Hornby 's iconic model plane kit , part of the company 's Airfix range , will soon be made in the UK . The company will be making up to 1,000 of the kits a day . "  It 's a very British brand with huge heritage . . once upon a time it was all manufactured here in the UK , " says Roger Canham , Hornby chief executive . "  Airfix actually went to India , but the marketplace is changing now . " Read more : How the skies tell Head if business will be sunny or gloomy Hornby 's reversal is the latest in the trend of "  backshoring " that has seen British businesses such as Topshop , Symington 's , Caldeira , and DFS , all repatriating some manufacturing from China in the face of rising labor costs overseas . Canham says offshoring production has never been easy . "  Some of the difficulties you have are going to a different time zone , talking to people who do n't necessarily speak the same language , actually , or culturally , or even technically . " Watch more : Sorrell : Eurozone needs leaders Those were challenges Canham was willing to face when the cost-saving was significant . But such benefits are no longer a given . In China , private-sector wages rose 14 % in 2012 , compared to a 12.3 % increase the previous year , according to China 's National Bureau of Statistics . The ageing population has led to a shrinking labor force , likely to contribute to rising wages in years to come . Read more : Telecoms boss : Croatia needs reforms This is n't Hornby 's first back-pedal on production in an emerging market . Earlier this year , it brought some of its Humbrol paint facility back from China following labour disputes and concerns about quality . Offshoring production also meant there was a lag time in meeting consumer demand . "  Just the physical shipping time will be about four weeks , " Canham says . "  So even if we found out today that this product was selling very strongly and we placed additional orders , that 's four weeks of the market that we have potentially missed . " Now the company can react to market demand much faster and the chief executive can keep an eye on the quality of the production of the Airfix models , once more labeled "  Made in Britain . "	Part of Hornby 's Airfix range , the iconic model plane kit , will soon be made in the UK Now the company can react to market demand much faster and the CEO can keep an eye on the quality In China private-sector wages rose 14 % in 2012 , up from a 12.3 % increase in 2011
CNN  -- The latest string of fatal shark attacks in Western Australia is creating a climate of fear that could haphazardly undo a very important environmental law that protects great white sharks . Last weekend , 24-year-old surfer Ben Linden was attacked by a great white near Perth , becoming the fifth fatality off that coast in the past 10 months . In response , the Western Australia Fishing Minister , Norman Moore , promised to write the federal government "  to know if there has been any update on the status of the white sharks and the sustainability level at which the Federal Government will lift protection . " If Mr. Moore has his way , hundreds if not thousands of sharks will be killed in Australia . I have a problem with that . Yes , my heart goes out to the victims ' families and friends who are mourning the losses of these tragic events , and I in no way downplay the pain and sadness an attack has on an entire community . Shark attacks : Is ` Jaws ' back ? I know , as I lost my leg and nearly my life after being attacked by a large tiger shark here in Hawaii . I do feel that these predators play a very important role in the health of our oceans , and I strongly oppose any type of shark hunting or culling program . Let me explain . By fishing for the great white shark , the bycatch will surely be a bunch of other shark species that have never had a history of munching on people . They did a shark culling program in Hawaii in the 1960s and early '70s , and 4,668 sharks were killed . Only 554 were the targeted species , the tiger shark . If a judge put one criminal along with eight innocent people on death row for a murder , would that be justice ? And what if the guilty criminal was found guilty only because he belonged to the same race as the suspect in the crime ? This type of rationale does n't make sense , and it surely does n't do anything to solve the crime . White sharks , by most scientific studies , have been shown not to be territorial . The shark that attacked Ben Linden is very probably hundreds of miles away , quite possibly in the waters of another country . The odds of a culling program capturing the same animal responsible for any one of the attacks is very slim . Sharks , the dominant predators in the sea , by nature need to be on the move to be efficient eaters . The element of surprise is their weapon of choice , and if they hang in the same area for too long the fish get spooked and they lose out on an easy meal . Moving ensures a more efficient way of consuming food . Great whites tracked off of Australia 's northwestern coast have been known to travel to South Africa , and have been recorded traveling more than 12,000 miles in just nine months . China bans shark fin soup from banquets In Australia , the great white is protected by both domestic and international law , having been cited as "  vulnerable " by the International Union for Conservation of Nature in 1996 . In 2002 , with input from scientists , environmentalists , fisheries , and fishermen , Australia 's government initiated the White Shark Recovery Plan . This law took a long time to be put into place , and undoing it would jeopardize the marine ecosystem . Any marine biologist will tell you that a healthy shark population equals a healthy marine ecosystem . Sharks predate dinosaurs , and millions of years of evolution have positioned them in a critical and vital role as an apex predator . Predator removal can cause a cascading effect that destabilizes the entire marine food web and , in turn , our oceans . Great whites are slow to mature and have very few offspring , so any type of culling program , even if done for a limited amount of time , would put their existence in peril . From what I have learned about Ben Linden , his entire life revolved around the ocean . So does mine . And so do those of millions of other people across the globe who surf , fish , swim , dive and feel more comfortable in water than on land . The ocean is a complex web of marine life , with many species being driven to extinction year after year . For humans and sharks to coexist is for us to respect their place on Earth . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Coots .	Five have died in shark attacks off Australia in the past 10 months , says Mike Coots As a shark-attack survivor myself , I feel these losses keenly , Coots says Coots : Still , a healthy shark population equals a healthy marine ecosystem Australian law protects the great white , and that law must stay , Coots says
CNET  -- Coming from a company known more for its plasma HDTVs , the Panasonic TC-32LX85 is a pleasant surprise in the 32-inch LCD category . Attractively designed and well appointed with generous connectivity , it is also a good performer overall , although by no means perfect . I was particularly impressed with the set 's color accuracy , which is something I really do n't expect from entry-level displays . Compared with the competition , the LC-32LX85 represents a compelling value in small LCD screens when you consider its performance characteristics . Design Basic in its design , but simultaneously elegant-looking , the TC-35LX85 has a glossy black finish , with a 3-inch-wide bezel surrounding the screen on all sides . It is a small and unobtrusive television that will fit into just about any decor nicely . Side panel AV inputs are neatly tucked away behind the right side of the screen . The remote control is identical to Panasonic 's current plasma line of HDTVs , with an excellent ergonomic design . It is on the large side , but slender enough to fit in the hand comfortably . Unfortunately , the remote is not backlit . The internal menu graphical user interface is also quite simple and intuitive to use and navigate . Features The Panasonic TC-32LCX85 's offers a fairly comprehensive feature package for an entry-level 32-inch LCD TV . Its native resolution is 1366x768 , or around 720p , whereas many higher-end models have a 1080p native resolution . At this screen size , however , the benefits of 1080p resolution are nearly impossible to discern with moving video , whether standard - or high-definition . If you plan on regularly using your 32-inch LCD TV as a computer monitor , however , you might want to consider a 1080p model . Picture adjustment options are OK , but not as extensive as found on the Samsung LN32A450 or LG32LG30 for example . Preset picture modes include Cinema , Game , Custom , Vivid , and Standard . Custom can be adjusted independently per input while the others can be tweaked as well and apply to every input . Selectable color temperatures include Warm , Normal , and Cool . The Backlight feature may be the most important in terms of optimizing the panel 's picture , as it helps it achieve reasonably deep black levels when lowered from its factory setting . Some dubious picture-adjusting features include Color Management and AI Picture , both of which should be shut off for optimum performance . AI is an auto-contrast feature that raises and lowers the light output of the panel depending on ambient room lighting . This ultimately makes black and white level a moving target , and both of these parameters really should remain constant . In the Advanced menu there are two varieties of noise reduction , called Video NR and MPEG NR , and for high-quality sources both should be turned-off . Black Level should be set to Light for full shadow detail , although intuitively I would think Dark would be correct .  Panasonic always had Lighter and Darker settings that were intuitively correct at 7.5 and 0 IRE respectively in their DVD players . Strangely , for their TVs , it is backward . Connection options are generous enough on the Panasonic , although unlike most other small-screen flat-panel sets it lacks a VGA-style PC input . The rear panel does have two HDMI inputs , one component video input , one AV input with a choice of either composite or S-Video , and one RF input . One set of analog audio outputs , and one digital optical audio output for routing sound to an external AV receiver are also on tap . Side panel inputs include one HDMI , and one set of AV inputs with composite video only , and an SD Card slot on the right side of the panel for viewing your digital photos . We 'd like to see a headphone jack on the side as well , but no dice . Performance The Panasonic LC-32LX85 is one of the better performers at its size in the entry-level , 720p-resolution LCD category . Color accuracy and black level performance are its main strengths , while color decoding and standard-definition processing are not . I did n't have to make too many adjustments during the user menu calibration to get the little TV looking its best . Since there are no custom color temperature controls in the user menu , I simply chose the best picture mode  Custom  and color temperature preset  Warm  and then tweaked the remainder of the basic picture controls . Afterward I was pleasantly surprised at the accuracy of the grayscale ; you can click here to access my full picture settings . For my comparison I looked at the Panasonic alongside the Sony KDL-32M4000 , the Westinghouse VK-40F580D and the Vizio VP322 , two LCDs and a 32-inch plasma respectively . Black level : Blacks are reasonably good for an inexpensive LCD flat-panel TV , and deeper than either the Sony or the Vizio , although not quite as deep as the Westinghouse . The Panasonic also delivers the blacker-than-black video signals that many more expensive displays can not , which helps lead to improved shadow detail . Chapter two of "  X-Men : The Last Stand " showed off the LC-32LX85 's compelling blacks very nicely . This high-contrast scene takes place at night , with bright explosions going off to provide a good look at an HDTV 's shadow detail capability . There was plenty of fine detail in the background dark areas of the picture . The black areas of the picture were deep , rich , and inky , and the scene was relatively free of low-level noise . Color accuracy : As you can see from the Geek Box , grayscale tracking in the Warm color temperature preset was impressive , and the primary colors of red , green , and blue also measured reasonably close to the HDTV standard , which is unusual even in some expensive flat-panel displays . Color decoding does push red a bit though , so we had to desaturate the color somewhat and remove some of the picture 's punch . Colors still appeared vibrant , however , and skin tones looked quite natural . Chapter four of the awesome transfer of "  I , Robot " proved an excellent scene to show off the Panasonic 's contrast ratio -- good blacks and whites creating a snappy picture -- as well as its accurate color reproduction . Video processing : Unlike most modern HDTVs the LC-32LX85 does n't accept 1080p sources , so my evaluation had to be with all HD sources set to 1080i . The set lacks an aspect ratio that provides for zero overscan , which would be a bigger issue if it were a 1080p resolution panel , but really is n't a big deal the panel has only a 720p resolution . The video processing does roll off the high-frequency video somewhat , a common flaw with many flat-panel sets on the market today . Uniformity : White-field uniformity was reasonably good on this panel , and that is saying something for an LCD . As you may know LCD display technologies , whether flat panel or projection , suffer from poor white-field uniformity . As a result you may see red and blue splotches in scenes that are primarily white like the ice in a hockey game or a movie like "  Ice Age . " This Panasonic , while not perfect , was better than most in this performance test . Standard-definition : The Panasonic is a mediocre performer with standard-def material . It did n't resolve every line of horizontal resolution according to the charts on the HQV disc , and as a result some images appeared a bit softer than normal . It did a below-average job of smoothing out jaggies on rotating diagonal lines , and there were a good number of such artifacts in a waving American flag . The set 's noise reduction , on the other hand , was very good at cleaning up moving motes in low-quality images of skies and sunsets , and the set engaged 2:3 pull-down detection quickly and effectively . PC : Absent a VGA-style PC input I attempted to test the Panasonic 's capability to handle digital signals from a PC via its HDMI jack . The best resolution the video card allowed was 1,280 x768 , which is short of the set 's native resolution , and there was enough overscan that important areas of the screen , including the Windows taskbar , were obscured . People who want a PC display should probably choose another set . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	As a 32-inch LCD TV , the Panasonic TC-32LX85 is a good overall performer It 's one of the better models at its size in the entry-level , 720p-resolution category Model delivers surprisingly impressive HD picture quality for a small-screen LCD But standard-def images look softer than normal
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A week after Samsung was ordered to pay $ 1 billion to Apple for patent infringements , a Japanese court has backed the South Korean company in another dispute with its U.S. rival . The Tokyo District Court on Friday ruled that Samsung did not infringe Apple 's patents for its iPhone and iPad for some of its Galaxy smartphones and the Galaxy tablet . The case focused on technology used in Samsung 's Galaxy S , Galaxy S2 and Galaxy Tab 7 devices to synchronize music and video with a computer -- technology Apple says its rival copied . However Judge Tamotsu Shoji disagreed and threw out Apple 's 100 million yen  $ 1.27 million  claim and ordered the California-based tech giant to pay the costs of the lawsuit . It has 30 days to file an appeal . Samsung to fight U.S. court ruling In a statement released by Samsung after the decision , it said : "  We have been strongly appealing that our products do not infringe the patents of Apple U.S. and its completely different technology . "  The verdict recognizes the lawfulness of our company . We think it is very appropriate . " A ruling against Samsung would have been a severe setback in one of its most lucrative markets . The South Korean company is already facing the prospect of a U.S. ban on Samsung smartphones and computer tablets found to have violated Apple 's patents -- described by one Samsung executive as "  absolutely the worst scenario for us . " This followed last Friday 's decision by a U.S. federal jury to order Samsung to pay Apple $ 1.05 billion for copying the look and feel of the iPhone and iPad design . A nine-person jury spent just two and a half days puzzling out its final verdict , with weeks of notes and memories of testimony , 109 pages of jury instructions , and boxes of evidence including a collection of contested smartphones and tablets as their guide . The lawsuit was the largest yet in the ongoing worldwide patent brawl between the two companies , which itself is just one battle in Apple 's war against Google 's Android mobile operating system . In another case just days before , a South Korean court found that both parties had infringed on each other 's patents -- Samsung was ordered to pay $ 33,300 for infringing two of the intellectual property rights for Apple 's iPhone and iPad , while Apple was found to have infringed Samsung 's Wi-Fi technology and ordered to pay $ 22,000 in damages . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report .	Tokyo court rules that Samsung did not infringe Apple 's patents for its iPhone and iPad Case focused on technology used in some Galaxy devices to transfer data to a computer Samsung was last week ordered to pay $ 1B for copying look and feel of iPhone , iPad design The two tech giants are locked in numerous patent disputes across the world
Brooklyn , New York  CNN  A New York police officer was charged Wednesday with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of an unarmed Brooklyn man in November . Officer Peter Liang was arraigned Wednesday in Brooklyn Supreme Court for "  recklessly " causing the death of Akai Gurley , according to court documents . In addition to the manslaughter charge , Liang faces one count of criminally negligent homicide , one count of second-degree assault , one count of reckless endangerment and two counts of official misconduct . He was released without bail . If Liang were convicted on the charge of second-degree manslaughter , he could face up to 15 years in prison . "  The defendant ignored his training " when he used his firearm , lead prosecutor Marc Fliedner told the court . The defendant also did not try to help Gurley , instead retreating to a hallway and telling a fellow officer "  I 'm going to get fired , " Fliedner said . The prosecution will prove Liang made a "  deliberate motion " with his firearm , he added . CNN tried to get a comment after court from defense attorney Stephen Worth but was unsuccessful . Brooklyn District Attorney Ken Thompson thanked Fliedner and others "  who worked so hard on this case so that the judicial process could be conducted fairly . " Thompson also thanked NYPD officers for their assistance . It was important to "  recognize the courage and valor " that many officers showed when they responded to the scene , he said . Several officers tried to stop Gurley 's bleeding . Prosecutors do n't believe Liang intentionally killed Gurley , the DA said , but he had his finger on the trigger and an innocent man was killed . Gurley , 28 , was "  a total innocent who just happened " to run into Liang in a "  pitch black " stairwell at the Louis H. Pink Houses in Brooklyn , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters the day after the killing . At the time , the NYPD said the fatal shot was an "  accidental discharge . " Liang , with less than 18 months on the job and on probationary status , had been placed on modified assignment and stripped of his gun and badge pending an investigation . "  This officer deserves the same due process afforded to anyone involved in the accidental death of another , " Patrick Lynch , head of the police union , said in a Tuesday statement . "  The fact that he was assigned to patrol one of the most dangerous housing projects in New York City must be considered among the circumstances of this tragic accident . " Liang and his partner were part of a "  violence reduction overtime detail " at the Pink Houses , where a spate of serious crimes have been reported in recent months , including two robberies and four assaults , Bratton told reporters after the shooting . The officers had taken an elevator to the building 's top floor to check on the roof and were taking the stairs down from the 8th floor , Bratton said , when the officer fired his weapon . There were no lights in the stairwell leading up to the roof . Liang drew a flashlight and his weapon "  for safety reasons , " the police commissioner said . The other officer did not draw his gun . In the darkened stairwell , Liang 's gun discharged about the same time that Gurley , the father of a 2-year-old child , and his girlfriend were entering the seventh-floor landing , Bratton said . Shot once in the chest , Gurley died at a hospital . The lights on the seventh and eighth floors were not working , Bratton said . The police commissioner said the decision on when to draw a weapon is the discretion of officers "  based on what they are encountering or believe they may encounter . So there is not a specific prohibition against taking a firearm out . But again , as in all cases , an officer would have to justify the circumstances that required him to or resulted in unholstering his firearm . " The shooting also is being investigated by police internal affairs . Gurley 's shooting occurred at a time of strained police-community relations after the July death of Eric Garner at the hands of police on Staten Island . The chokehold death of the unarmed 43-year-old man sparked street protests , a review of police procedures and calls for a federal civil rights investigation . A grand jury declined to prosecute the officer . A few weeks after Garner 's death , the police shooting in Ferguson , Missouri , of unarmed teenager Michael Brown thrust into the forefront the issue of law enforcement 's use of deadly force . A grand jury declined to prosecute Officer Darren Wilson , a decision that led to national demonstrations .	Akai Gurley was taking the unlit stairs at a housing complex when he shot in the chest Prosecutors charged the officer involved with second-degree manslaughter , other counts District attorney says he believes shooting not intentional , but innocent man was killed
CNN  -- A Florida TV anchor became an Internet sensation this week when she pressed Democratic vice presidential candidate Sen. Joe Biden about whether Sen. Barack Obama 's policies were Marxist . WFTV-TV anchor Barbara West tells Larry King she was doing her job as a reporter when she interviewed Sen. Joe Biden . Critics said WFTV-TV anchor Barbara West of Orlando had an agenda and was asking biased questions . Biden responded , "  Is this a joke ? " CNN 's Larry King on Monday talked with West about the interview on "  Larry King Live . " Larry King : Your recent grilling of Joe Biden has stirred up a lot of controversy . Let 's take a look at part of it , and we 'll get your comments . Watch . -LSB- Video clip begins -RSB- Watch as West interviews Biden " Barbara West : You may recognize this famous quote . "  From each according to his abilities , to each according to his needs . " That 's from Karl Marx . How is Sen. Obama not being a Marxist if he 's intending to spread the wealth around ? Sen. Joe Biden : Are you joking ? Is this a joke ? West : No . Biden : Or is that a real question ? West : That 's a question . Biden : He is not spreading the wealth around . He 's talking about giving the middle class an opportunity to get back the tax breaks they used to have . I know this has been a pretty mean campaign . I was on a television station the other day and doing a satellite feed to a major network in Florida . And the anchor quotes Karl Marx and says in a sense , "  Is n't Barack Obama Karl Marx ? " You know I mean folks , this stuff you 're hearing , this stuff you 're hearing in this campaign , some of it 's pretty ugly . -LSB- Video clip ends -RSB- King : All right , Barbara , what were you getting to , since generally the redistribution of the wealth is a graduated income tax ? West : Well , Larry , no , I do n't believe that it is just a graduated income tax . I think a lot of people who are talking to me out on the street are saying they are very , very concerned that this idea of redistributing the wealth means taking it out of somebody 's pocket who is a wage earner and putting it in somebody 's pocket who refuses to work . And they 're asking about . That 's what they do n't want . That is what they want to know , what does this really mean ? My job as a journalist is to ask those questions and get those answers , and I do n't believe I got answers at all . King : Was the implication in the question that Barack Obama is a Marxist ? West : I was asking him to tell us about how Barack Obama 's redistribution of wealth was different from that quote by Karl Marx , that 's all I wanted to know . ... I 'm not here to debate the issues . I am not a political pundit . ... I 'm a journalist . Watch as West defends her questions " And I -- my job is to ask tough , probing questions of the candidates . I had a very short time to be able to do that , only about four minutes . There were issues that I wanted to cover , including the issues about ACORN and the abuses that they 've done with voter registration , particularly here in Florida , and Florida is such a key state . And also this issue of the redistribution of wealth , as well as Sen. Biden 's comments about "  You mark my words , in six months , Barack Obama will be tested . " King : I got you . West : But it was his caveat afterward that was the issue that I was questioning , and that is it may not be readily apparent as to what , as to whether or not the actions or whatever he does are in fact the appropriate ones . And so America , stand with him and trust him . King : I got you . West : I just wanted answers to those questions . King : The Orlando Sentinel reports that you are registered as a Republican ; your husband is a Republican strategist . Is that true ? West : Let me correct that . My husband did do consulting for the Republican Party back in the Clinton administration , and he also worked for Sen. Paul Wellstone , who was a very liberal Democrat at the time , and they were working together to shape the media message as far as the sex slave trade was concerned . He was sent by the Clinton administration to go to Europe and also South America to consult with local officials who were perceived as friends of America in fighting the war against drugs .	TV news anchor attracts controversy with interview of Sen. Joe Biden Anchor asks Biden how Sen. Barack Obama 's polices are n't Marxist WFTV 's Barbara West says her job is to ask tough , probing questions "  I do n't believe I got answers at all , " West tells CNN 's Larry King
CNN  -- It 's no secret among European football fans that for many years the U.S. 's attempts to embrace football -- or soccer as they like to call it -- were treated with derision . Their players were n't as good , the sport did n't have any history , the terminology was all wrong and the commentators would get way too excited over average plays . The ill-fated North American Soccer League , with its countdown clock and refusal to accept a draw as a genuine result , was proof to everyone else that they just did n't get it . But things have changed dramatically in recent years and overseas fans are now being forced to accept that the Americans may actually get it all too well . Major League Soccer has doubled its size in less than a decade , now claiming to be the seventh most supported league in the world . And the appetite to consume the game in any way possible has boomed , with the value of Premier League TV rights packages tripling . It wo n't have escaped the attention of many English football fans that their teams are now owned by American investors . This week 's announcement that Manchester City will become majority shareholders in the league 's 20th franchise in New York City is proof that the strongest football markets are now taking the U.S. seriously . Meanwhile , City and Chelsea 's post-season tour of America , coming at the end of a long and tiring year for both sides , demonstrates how important the U.S. market is becoming for Premier League teams . It 's good for business when NBC , Fox and ESPN fight over the right to broadcast their games from England , but those teams have to fly over the Atlantic in order to cultivate a fan base and stoke the interest . On Thursday , City and Chelsea wowed a crowd of almost 50,000 fans in St. Louis with a seven goal thriller and on Saturday , New York fans were lining up for more of the same at Yankee Stadium . But not everyone is a big fan of these post-season tours . The players are contractually obligated but surely many of them would n't be here by choice . And the England manager Roy Hodgson has expressed his concern with the ever increasing demands on club players , who are exhausted by the time they show up for international duty . But there may come a time when Premier League sides are n't made to feel quite so welcome on this side of the pond . In fact , we might be there already . As Major League Soccer grows in strength and stature , franchise owners want to build and promote their own fan base . They 're not going to want their own potential supporters investing financially and emotionally in clubs from thousands of miles away in London and Manchester . At least not now , not while those teams are bigger and better , with players whose star appeal is significantly brighter . But Man City might just have struck the perfect balance . By owning a team in each league , they 'll have a foot in both camps . The American team will benefit from City 's scouting network and player development , and club Manchester will learn from the Americans ' marketing expertise and reap the financial rewards of MLS success . And in Manchester , at least , English fans will no longer be laughing at their American cousins .	The U.S. has turned into an important market in the world of soccer Manchester City sees the benefits , becoming majority owner of a new MLS team The new US team can learn from Manchester City , and vice versa
CNN  -- The story was the same that Fernando Torres has been writing ever since he joined Chelsea from Liverpool for the enormous sum of Â # 50 million  $ 80 million  in January 2011 . Having secured Chelsea 's passage to the Europa League quarterfinals by scoring the goal that ultimately knocked out Romania 's Steaua Bucharest , Torres then had the chance to embellish a rare display of confidence with a late penalty . Could this be the moment that the Spaniard , who looked unusually fired up after being denied what he thought was a penalty before then suffering a bloodied nose , finally began to feel settled at Stamford Bridge ? For those who have followed Torres ' stop-start Blues career , the scenario was all too familiar as he crashed his 86th minute penalty against the crossbar - before looking to the heavens in despair . That he was even prepared to take the penalty told its own story for a man who can boast World Cup and European Championship medals is not known for his prowess nor confidence from the spot . Indeed , when he stepped up against Sunderland in a 3-1 league win at the Stadium of Light last December , the successful effort was -- remarkably -- the first he had ever scored in the Premier League since arriving in 2007 . With reports surfacing of Torres having turned down the chance to join big-spending Russian side Anzhi Makhachkala , this seemed the chance for the striker , who celebrates his 29th birthday next week , to banish his woes and restore that absent friend of his : confidence . But as the ball cannoned against the woodwork , the former Atletico Madrid star may have felt that there is an invisible barrier blocking his path at Chelsea . "  He was working hard and he took his chance great -- but obviously , it 's a pity that the penalty did n't go in for him , " said Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech . Nonetheless , Torres ' strike in the 71st minute was enough to see Chelsea through on a tense night -- meaning the Blues stay on course to become the first side to win UEFA 's top two club competitions in reverse order in successive seasons . Trailing 1-0 from the first leg in the Romanian capital , Rafa Benitez 's side leveled matters as Juan Mata squeezed the ball home after 33 minutes -- but Vlad Chiriches ' equalizer  and away goal  on the stroke of half time gave the game a very different complexion . Making a rare start after a season disrupted by knee problems , captain John Terry restored Chelsea 's lead before Torres scored only his second goal in 20 games to register a 3-2 aggregate win . The victory capped a productive night for English clubs as Chelsea , Tottenham and Newcastle managed to partly atone for the failure of their Premier League counterparts in the Champions League -- none of whom made it into the last eight . Spurs were involved in the day 's most dramatic game as they took a 3-0 lead to Inter Milan -- only to find themselves level on aggregate after 90 minutes as the rampant Italians scored through the lively Antonio Cassano , Rodrigo Palacio and a William Gallas own goal . But six minutes into extra-time , the previously quiet Emmanuel Adebayor silenced Inter 's fans when poking home a vital away goal . The Togolese boasted the unusual record of having scored for Spurs against Inter at the same San Siro stadium where he had netted for Arsenal against AC Milan -- a rare feat -- but this was a mere aside when Alvarez made it 4-4 on aggregate with ten minutes to go . But Tottenham -- who badly missed the suspended Gareth Bale -- held on , to leave coach Andre Villas-Boas with the chance of repeating the 2011 Europa League triumph he achieved with Porto . "  We have learned massively from our last two ties in the competition , against Lyon and Inter , " said the visibly-drained 35-year-old after the game . While Spurs hung on for victory , Newcastle achieved theirs deep in stoppage time as Papiss Demba Cisse headed home -- at home -- against Anzhi Makhachkala for a 1-0 aggregate win . Russian clubs had a mixed night with Rubin Kazan winning 2-0 at home against Levante , but only after extra-time , while Zenit St Petersburg went out against Basel , beaten 2-1 on aggregate after Roman Shirokov failed to score an 86th-minute penalty that would have taken the game into extra-time . Elsewhere , Libor Kozak scored a hat-trick as Lazio completed a comfortable 5-1 aggregate win over Stuttgart with a 3-1 win in Rome while Portugal 's Benfica , one of the strongest teams left in the Europa League , knocked out Bordeaux 4-2 . Fenerbahce joined Champions League quarterfinalists Galatasaray in extending Istanbul 's interest in European competition as they completed a 2-1 aggregate win over Czech side Viktoria Plzen .	Chelsea overturn first leg deficit to beat Steaua Bucharest and reach last eight Inter Milan perform heroics but still exit against Spurs in thrilling 4-4 aggregate draw Lazio , Benfica , Fenerbahce , Newcastle and two Russian sides also into quarters
CNN  -- For the first 45 of her 50 years of living , Bonnie Neighbour used to wake up feeling sorry to be alive . Bonnie Neighbour has struggled with mental health issues for almost all of her 50 years . "  Even when I was n't actually depressed , I would open my eyes in the morning and wonder if there was n't something else ; I would have preferred an alternative to being alive , " she says . She recalls being depressed as a young child . In her late teens , she started having mood problems that eventually escalated into clinical depression . "  At some point , I was suicidal . I would suffer cycles of depression and mania , " Neighbour said . "  I would n't sleep for days , and the less sleep I would get , the more revved up I 'd become , and then I would make irrational decisions and act out . Then I 'd alternate with serious depressive episodes . "  At one time , for nine months , I was n't even able to leave the house -LSB- because of depression -RSB- . " At age 30 , she was diagnosed with bipolar disorder . Neighbour 's story is n't uncommon . "  Action Steps for Improving Women 's Mental Health , " a new report by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' Office on Women 's Health  OWH  , explores the role gender plays in the diagnosis , course and treatment of mental illness . It calls for specific actions to counteract the inadequacies in this field . According to the report , women are nearly twice as likely as men to suffer from major depression . They are three times as likely to attempt suicide , and they experience anxiety disorders two to three times more often than men . Chart : Gender and mental health " While these statistics are not new , their importance is generally underplayed , says Wanda Jones , Dr.P.H. , health scientist and director of the OWH . She notes that whereas past reports have focused on bringing mental health to the forefront of concern -- such as the 1999 publication "  Mental Health : A Report of the Surgeon General " -- few have focused primarily on the specific mental illness issues specific to women , hence the need for such a publication . Among the actions recommended by the new report are the needs to underscore the essential importance of women 's mental health to overall well-being , improve how primary care doctors and mental health professionals interface with each other , develop a greater understanding in the role of gender in mental illness , recognize the role of trauma and violence against women and its subsequent impact on mental illness and address cultural biases that serve as barriers to treatment for many women . Reasons for the gender disparities in mental health are still unclear , according to Jones . Part of the difference is based on biology . Female hormones , thyroid disease and brain biochemistry have all been cited as possible reasons . Genetics also play a part , as family history has proven that mental illness repeats itself across multiple generations . Socio-cultural reasons also contribute to the difference . Jones stresses that the "  one-size-fits-all " approach to diagnosing and treating mental illness is not an effective approach and that acknowledging the gender differential is key to adequately and appropriately treating women . The new report also underscores the relative young age at which mental illness often sets in for both males and females . Half of all mental illnesses occur before age 14 , and three-fourths occur by the age of 24 , according to the publication . Among the more common mental illnesses seen among young women : eating disorders , which can start in advance of puberty and yet last a lifetime . Jones emphasizes the dire need for early detection and treatment of mental illnesses in young women . "  When these young people grow into adults , they 're more likely to end up in the criminal justice system , homeless on the streets , poor performers in school and ultimately bounced into a system that 's incapable of helping them with their needs , " she explains . Another point Jones stresses is about the negative stigma around women 's mental health issues . "  We have to accept that mental illness is not a sign of weakness ; it 's not a choice . But it is treatable , and our own innate resilience protects us and plays a critical role in combating mental illness , especially depression and anxiety , " she says . Despite the relief Neighbour initially felt after finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder , she recalls that instead of getting better , she started to get worse . The mood-stabilizing medications she was prescribed were so sedating that she slept 16 hours a day , which led her deeper into her depression . "  The doctor said , ` This is how things are , and it will only get worse , ' and that 's what I started to believe . It became a self-fulfilling prophecy , " she says . There is a common thread to Neighbour 's experience and that of other women suffering from mental illness : societal beliefs often pressure women into accepting their mental illness as "  just how things are , " citing hormones and traditional views of women as the emotional , weaker sex as reasons to simply accept their current situation . According to Jones , it 's a barrier that keeps women from seeking treatment for an otherwise largely treatable disease . Despite numerous barriers to access and adequate mental health treatment for women , recent developments in female-specific care provide a new area of hope . Over the last decade , researchers have begun to develop trauma-informed care services , which focus on the high prevalence of trauma -- such as childhood sexual abuse , relationship violence and coerced sex -- that women are more likely to have experienced compared to men . The HHS reports that 40 percent of women report a history of sexual violence , compared to only 10 percent of men . In some mental health treatment programs , recognizing these underlying factors and treating women accordingly has led to dramatically improved outcomes . In 2005 , Neighbour discovered the concept of mental health recovery , which is focused on identifying triggers and symptoms that would cause her behavior to get worse , and responding with actions that she recognized helped her calm herself . She learned that there were other tools beyond medications that could help treat her mania and depression . "  I went from focusing everything on ` being ' my illness , to focusing on finding fulfillment . " After holding 30 jobs in 15 years , Neighbour now holds a steady full-time job and serves as a volunteer to help others in their own recovery from mental illness . She describes her healing as an ongoing process and critical to it is a network of peers who have had similar life experiences . "  Now I wake up , and I ask how can I go out and change things ? I just get excited when I wake up every morning , " she says .	HHS 's Office on Women 's Health releases new report on women 's mental health Women suffer from major depression , anxiety disorders at higher rate than men Half of all mental illnesses occur before age 14 in both men and women Need for early detection and destigmatization of mental illnesses , researcher says
