Financial Times  -- The Bank of China has stopped doing business with a large North Korean bank , falling into line with a US-led sanctions push to restrict funding for Pyongyang 's nuclear programme . The decision to close the bank account follows an increase in tensions on the Korean peninsula and may be a sign that Beijing is willing to place more pressure on Pyongyang . The US Treasury hit the Foreign Trade Bank , North Korea 's main foreign exchange bank , with sanctions in March , saying it was "  a key financial node " in North Korea 's nuclear and missile proliferation activities . The bank had not been named among the institutions targeted for asset freezes by expanded UN Security Council sanctions introduced in January and March . Other countries such as Japan and Australia have since joined the US in applying sanctions against Foreign Trade Bank , but co-operation from banks in China , North Korea 's closest economic partner , is essential in the efforts to choke off cash flows . A drive to "  put pressure on Beijing to pressure Pyongyang " needs to be at the heart of Washington 's policy on North Korea , according to Kurt Campbell , until February the US assistant secretary of state for east Asia . "  Bank of China has sent North Korea 's Foreign Trade Bank a notice that it has closed its account and has also halted all fund transfers related to this account , " Bank of China said on Tuesday . It declined to provide any details about how much money was affected or the timing of the move . Bank of China is the country 's biggest bank for foreign exchange transactions , so the account closure could hurt the North Korean institution . But the impact is likely to be minimal unless imposed across the board by all Chinese banks because other institutions , including small regional entities , are also capable of handling foreign currency deals . "  This is part of a ratcheting up of pressure but with very clear limits . This is part of making North Korea feel some limited pain in an attempt to get them back to talks , " said Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt , northeast Asia director at the International Crisis Group . The move by Bank of China may also reflect risk management by the bank itself rather than bigger diplomatic motives . The US Treasury had warned financial institutions around the world to be wary of the risks of doing business with Foreign Trade Bank . In 2006 after the US imposed sanctions on Banco Delta Asia , a Macau bank that held North Korean funds , Bank of China responded in similar fashion by freezing North Korean-related assets at its Macau branch . China is by far North Korea 's most important formal ally , and overwhelmingly its biggest trading partner . Yet the alliance , which dates back to the Korean war , has long been strained . Analysts say that Pyongyang has persistently refused Chinese attempts to encourage it to emulate Beijing 's sweeping economic reforms , and China has grown increasingly alarmed by the regional security implications of North Korea 's nuclear weapons programme . Earlier this year Beijing endorsed two sets of new UN Security Council sanctions against Pyongyang , following its long-range rocket launch in December and nuclear bomb test in February . Last month China 's President Xi Jinping said that "  no country should be allowed to throw a region and even the whole world into chaos for selfish gains " -- a comment widely interpreted as a rebuke of North Korea . Many Chinese businesses maintain close trading relationships with North Korea , giving the country access to vital commodities and hard cash . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Bank of China cut business with North Korea 's main foreign exchange ban Move follows U.S.-led sanctions to restrict funding for Pyongyang 's nuclear program China is North Korea 's closest economic partner Move may also reflect bank risk management rather than bigger diplomatic motive
CNN  -- Sports media giant ESPN gave some of its 7,000 employees pink slips on Tuesday , the network said in a statement . The Bristol , Connecticut-based company said it was looking at the financial bottom line . "  We are implementing changes across the company to enhance our continued growth while smartly managing costs . While difficult , we are confident that it will make us more competitive , innovative and productive , " the statement said . Some media reports placed the number of affected employees and open positions that would go unfilled as high as 400 . ESPN had no comment on how many people would be let go . ESPN , which operates eight domestic networks and 27 around the world , is 80 % owned by Disney . It reported higher revenues from its cable networks in the last fiscal year . But it also said that increased programming costs were due largely to the rising costs of the rights to cover sports such as college and professional football . The sports website Deadspin , which first reported the story , said many of the layoffs are in the technology department but quoted a source that said all departments are "  under review . "	ESPN did n't comment on the number of employees affected It has more than 35 networks around the world Rising sports rights fees are affecting the company 's bottom line Deadspin says many employees in technology division to be let go
CNN  -- Doctors will amputate the feet of a Colorado woman who was missing for five days before being found in her wrecked car just off a scenic highway , a family spokesman said Monday . Kristin Hopkins is in critical but stable condition at St. Anthony Hospital in Lakewood , Brian Willie said , reading a statement from the Hopkins family . "  Doctors were not able to save her feet due to the severity of her injuries , " he told reporters , adding the amputations would be done Monday afternoon . Hopkins , a 43-year-old single mother of four , was reported missing on April 29 . She was found May 4 , still in her car , about 140 feet from U.S. 285 just north of Fairplay , the Park County Sheriff 's Office said . The Hopkins ' family statement thanked a man who found Hopkins in her car and drove to the sheriff 's office to report finding a car with a possible body inside . The man was not identified by authorities , who said he slipped out of the sheriff 's office after reporting the accident . A firefighter who treated Hopkins at the scene said it appeared she had written notes on the white portions of a red and white umbrella and was trying to use it to signal passersby on the highway . Lt. Jim Cravener , a firefighter with the North-West Fire Protection District in Park County , said , "  The notes  were hard to make it out . One of them appeared to say ` Please help doors wo n't open . ' Another one  said  ` Please help , bleeding , need a doctor ' and another one said , ` Six days , no food , no water , please help . ' " Cravener said Hopkins was "  really severely dehydrated . " The man who spotted the car had stopped to take photos at the top of a pass near a sharp curve , Cravener said . "  He ventured off the highway a little bit , found the vehicle , and walked down to it , " the firefighter said . "  The person thought they found a body . " Cravener and another firefighter were surprised to discover Hopkins alive . The car was upside down in a heavily wooded and steep area . As the other firefighter went to break a window , Hopkins put her hand on the glass . Hopkins went in and out of consciousness , Cravener said . "  She said she crashed at night , " he said . "  We assumed she crashed the night before , but it turned out it had been several days . " The family asked for privacy during Hopkins ' recovery . "  While we are hopeful for her prognosis , Kristin was seriously injured with multiple internal and external injuries , " Willie said . Hopkins lives in Highlands Ranch , about 90 minutes away from the accident scene . Trapped and dying in desert , man leaves behind love notes and questions	Kristin Hopkins , a single mother of four , was reported missing on April 29 She was found May 4 in her car on a steep hillside , about 50 yards from the highway She is in critical but stable condition , a family spokesman says Hopkins tried to use an umbrella with notes on it to signal she needed help
CNN  -- Defending champions Egypt will play Ghana in the Africa Cup of Nations final after thrashing bitter rivals Algeria 4-0 in a semifinal that saw their opponents finish with just eight men . The game was evenly poised until Rafik Halliche brought down Emad Moteab in the area eight minutes before the break . Halliche was sent off and Hosni Abd Rabou converted the spot-kick to put Egypt on their way for a possible third successive title . Mohamed Zidan added a classy second after 65 minutes before Nadir Belhadj then saw red for a horror challenge on Ahmed El Mohamady five minutes later . Mohamed Abdelshafy grabbed his first goal for Egypt nine minutes from the end , but there was still time for Algeria goalkeeper Faouzi Chaouchi to pick up a second yellow card -- and for Mohamed Gedo to make it 4-0 in stoppage time . The result proved sweet revenge for Egypt who missed out on a World Cup spot when they were beaten by Algeria in a play-off . There was controversy surrounding Egypt 's opener . The penalty decision appeared clear-cut but Hosni converted with the help of a stuttering run-up which incensed Chaouchi , who made a vehement protest to the referee and was lucky not to be sent off himself . Zidan doubled the advantage after turning Belhadj inside out before dispatching a left-footed shot into the far corner . Belhadj 's evening got worse after he launched a two-footed lunge on El Mohamady and was rightly given his marching orders . Abdelshafy came off the bench to add a third with a neat finish from an acute angle . Chaouchi was then dismissed two minutes from time as he swung his foot at Gedo , who moments later finished past substitute keeper Mohamed Zemmamouche for the fourth . Meanwhile , earlier in the day , Ghana edged past near-neighbors Nigeria 1-0 in a match which produced much less drama . Asamoah Gyan scored the only goal midway through the first half when a Kwadwo Asamoah corner caught out the napping Super Eagles defence and the Rennes striker applied the finishing touch . It was one-way traffic thereafter as wasteful finishing from Nigeria , coupled with some dogged defending and solid goalkeeping from Richard Kingston , helped the four-time former winners seal a place in the final for the first time since 1992 .	Defending champions Egypt will play Ghana in the African Cup of Nations final Egypt thrash rivals Algeria 4-0 as their opponents finish the match with just eight men Ghana edge past near-neighbors Nigeria 1-0 to secure their place in the final
Editor 's Note : David Hawkins is Director of Public Policy and Research for the National Association for College Admission Counseling , a nonprofit organization that represents more than 11,000 high school counselors and college admission officers from across the country . He was the author of a report last month by the organization 's commission on the use of standardized tests . David Hawkins says test scores should n't be used to rank college quality ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- A recent controversy at Baylor University has brought new attention to the widespread misuse of standardized college admission tests to rank the quality of America 's colleges and universities . The SAT and ACT have achieved nearly iconic status in America and throughout the world . As the late author and scholar Stephen Jay Gould noted , the tests are viewed by many as "  abstruse and mysterious , " with powerful effects on public policy , social mobility , and even individual identity . Misuse of test scores as college ranking criteria creates undue pressure on admission offices to pursue increasingly high test scores and fuels the tests ' disproportionate influence . Last June , Baylor University encouraged its already admitted first-year students to retake the SAT . The reward for students who retook the test was $ 300 in bookstore credits . Students who increased their score by more than 50 points got a $ 1,000 merit aid scholarship . If enough students retook the SAT and increased their scores , the gains might be enough to move Baylor up the rankings list . The scarce financial resources allocated for this plan are too badly needed elsewhere , particularly among low-income students in rural and urban areas around the country , to spend on an effort to raise a college 's SAT profile . A Baylor spokesman told The Associated Press Thursday that the university "  goofed " and would likely end the incentives . It 's critical to understand that high SAT and ACT scores alone do not equate to merit . Last month , our organization 's Commission on the Use of Standardized Tests in Undergraduate Admission issued a report calling for change in the way everyone involved in college admissions uses the tests . Test misuses feed the public perception that the scores are the most influential factor in college admission . For the past 15 years , National Association for College Admission Counseling  NACAC  research has shown that students ' grades in high school , particularly grades in college preparatory courses , are by far the most important consideration in college admission decisions . One of the most pressing problems regarding the SAT and ACT scores is their misuse in the U.S. News and World Report college rankings formula . The SAT and ACT were designed to provide information about a student to colleges and universities and were never meant to be measures of college quality . Accordingly , the commission encouraged U.S. News and World Report to eliminate test scores as a measure of institutional quality . The U.S. News ranking formula includes a "  student selectivity " score that constitutes 15 percent of a college 's overall rank . SAT or ACT scores of enrollees make up 50 percent of the student selectivity score . In response to the NACAC report , U.S. News and World Report said , "  As long as standardized tests play an integral role in the college admissions process , U.S. News will use them as part of our ranking methodology . " The situation at Baylor is a reminder of the inflated value assigned to the SAT and ACT in higher education . The fervor surrounding the rankings , as well as the lengths to which colleges go to increase them , are unfortunate distractions in higher education and admissions . The impression students and families get from the rankings is that higher test scores mean higher quality colleges . To borrow a phrase familiar to admission deans , many colleges recruit great students and then graduate great students . Is that because of the institution , or the students ? Some credit undoubtedly should go to both . But is a college of lower quality because its students ' SAT scores are lower than those of students at another college ? Generally speaking , the ability of admission tests to predict success in higher education is much more limited than most people think . Colleges most often determine the utility of admission test scores by assessing how well they predict first-year grades . Colleges are wrong to place so much emphasis on test scores as measurements of their institutional worth when admission offices across the board consider the scores to be one among many indicators of a student 's merit . As influential as the rankings have been with students and families , is it any wonder that colleges whose stakeholders often demand higher ranks go to such lengths to influence their position in the rankings ? Misuse of test scores has real ramifications for students and families . For every student able to afford test-performance tutoring and fees for taking the test many times , there are many qualified students from under-served backgrounds who become discouraged that they will be unable to compete . For every college that raises its SAT or ACT profile for rankings purposes , there are hundreds , if not thousands , of qualified students who will never apply because artificially inflated test scores signal yet another barrier to higher education . It is critical to re-evaluate the varied uses of admission tests , and protect against their misuse in all forms . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Hawkins .	David Hawkins : Admission tests are wrongly used to rank college quality Hawkins says Baylor University 's incentives for test scores are a mistake Grades are much more important than test scores in admissions decisions , he says Hawkins : U.S. News should drop SAT and ACT scores in rankings
Financial Times  -- China 's smog-ridden capital issued an unprecedented set of new anti-pollution measures at the weekend , as the authorities scramble to respond to rising public pressure over the city 's deteriorating air quality . The far-reaching measures target everything from outdoor barbecues and dusty construction sites , to paint fumes and idling car engines , representing the city 's broadest effort yet to fight the persistent pollution haze over Beijing . The Beijing city government published a draft of the new rules on its website on Saturday and asked for public feedback -- an unusual step that illustrates how carefully the government is treading around the hot-button issue . Earlier this month , an episode of extraordinarily bad pollution in Beijing sparked public outcry over air quality , as well as causing a sudden increase in hospital admissions for respiratory illnesses and heart attacks . China 's double-digit economic growth in the past three decades has been accompanied by widespread environmental degradation , of which air pollution in the capital has become the latest , and most visible , symbol . Although the Beijing city government has in the past tried to conceal its pollution problem by manipulating air quality data , public pressure has forced it adopt a radically more open stance . The city government now publishes hourly pollution data and even pollution forecasts to help citizens deal with the haze . In a sign of the growing severity of the problem , the new regulations published on Saturday describe "  emergency measures " for days when pollution becomes a "  danger to human health " , including mandatory factory closures and restrictions on vehicles . The draft rules also outline a new cap-and-trade scheme for key pollutants , and will require the largest culprits to publicly disclose their emissions -- which environmentalists said was a step toward greater transparency . "  The draft law it is really trying to tackle the issue in a proactive way , trying to tackle the pollution at its source , " said Ma Jun , a prominent environmentalist in Beijing and author of China 's Water Crisis . However , he added that firm implementation of the rules , which has thwarted similar environmental laws in the past , would continue to be a challenge . The draft regulations , which span dozens of pages , also describe a range of smaller measures that could change some of the key features of life in the capital , if strictly implemented . Restaurants and caterers will be banned from burning coal -- a measure that will threaten Beijing 's beloved lamb kebabs , known as yangrou chuan . Vehicles will be prohibited from idling their engines for more than three minutes if parked near a school or a hospital , and cars will be subject to random testing for emissions compliance . Some parts of the new regulations simply reiterate rules that were already in place -- such as requirements for dust-control measures at construction sites -- but have been poorly implemented because the environmental authorities have lacked clout . "  To make this happen the key thing is oversight , " said Zhou Rong , air pollution specialist at Greenpeace in Beijing . "  The government put this up on the web because they understand that everyone is watching this issue -- this is a big improvement . " © The Financial Times Limited 2013	China 's smog-ridden capital issued an unprecedented set of new anti-pollution measures Authorities scramble to respond to rising public pressure over the city 's deteriorating air quality Beijing published a draft of the new rules on its website on Saturday and asked for public feedback Earlier this month , an episode of extraordinarily bad pollution in Beijing sparked public outcry
CNN  -- I do n't know if it 's sexism or wisdom or just plain fear , but men have been socialized to avoid saying two words in the presence of women . The first is "  fat . " I know I do n't go there . And I do n't see a good reason why any man should . When women use the word around me I pretend not to hear it , and if asked a question with the word "  fat " in it , I sneeze in my hand and then ask for a tissue . Juvenile , yes , but it allows me to change the subject without having to answer the question . And I do n't ever want to answer that question . Speaking of questions , the second word we should all stay away from is "  weave . " I do n't care if a man sees a woman bald at the office on Wednesday , with blond finger waves at the club on Friday , and with jet black hair down to her butt at church on Sunday -- if anyone asks if she wears a weave , the answer is "  I do n't know . " She could be holding a receipt from Weaves R Us in one hand , and five pounds of hair in the other , and he should say "  I 'm not sure . " At the salon where I get my dreadlocks retwisted , every third woman walks in with a bag of hair . I keep my head down , eyes closed and try not to breathe . I want to be as invisible as possible , because the last thing I want is for a woman in there to think I 'm aware of her lace-front , glued-in , braided back or whatever it is she 's got going on up there . And every man I know harbors that same level of sexism/wisdom/fear . Which is why I had to talk to Blaine Stewart , who was not only brave and/or stupid enough to bring up his co-worker 's weave -- he did it right in front of her face . On live TV . Stewart and Laila Muhammad host the morning show for WGNT in Norfolk , Virginia . During the Halloween broadcast , Stewart blew out the candle inside the jack-o ' - lantern sitting on the desk . Muhammad joked that if the smoke from the candle set off the studio sprinkler system , "  I 'm done for the day . " "  Sitting up here looking like a mop , " she said . That 's when my main man Stewart chimed in , "  You do not want a sprinkler system and a beautiful weave , because they do not go together . " Right now you 're probably thinking : Oh no he did n't . And I 'm here to tell you : Oh yes he did . And even as Muhammad stared at him with her mouth hanging open and a high-pitched wail filling the room , poor Stewart went on to say "  You said it was a weave -- right ? " I had n't laughed that hard at a YouTube clip since Antoine Dodson told us to hide our kids . And sites such as YBF and Lipstick Alley had a field day . "  I knew the first rule about not talking about fat , but I did n't know the second , " he said . "  No one told me about the second . " Which is why I had to write this column , in an effort to save lives this holiday season . Men , I do n't care if half of her track is dangling in a pot of black-eyed peas , you do not acknowledge that weave . You sneeze in your hand and go to the bathroom and pray that an aunt , a cousin , someone has told her by the time you get out . Now , Muhammad and Stewart are great friends , and their rapport plays well on camera -- even while "  weave-gate " was unfolding . The two even put out a follow-up to try to add more context to the story . Stewart , who is bald , said the two actually talk about weaves on the show quite a bit , something he attributes to his latent hair envy . Muhammad said the fact that she wears a weave is not a secret at the studio . She actually has long hair that is n't permed , but she chooses to wear a weave because daily exposure to the heat from the studio lights can damage hair . But Muhammad said while she was comfortable with Stewart and others knowing , she was shocked "  he put all of my business out there like that . " "  I was n't mad at him -- but he clearly did n't know the rule , " she said , laughing . "  No , I did n't run to HR . No , I did n't beat him up off set . No , I did n't have to explain my blackness to him afterwards . It was clear he was trying to make a compliment . ... He did n't mean to call me out . " But that did n't stop some people from drawing a different , less forgiving conclusion . "  I was a little surprised by some of the pretty harsh things people said about me , " Stewart said . "  I do n't believe I 'm a racist or a white devil or a bitchy queen as some people have posted about me . I just was n't thinking . "  But it 's funny , we can talk about fake eyelashes , lip gloss , makeup and all of the other enhancements that we do , but when it comes to hair , we keep quiet . It 's the last taboo . " That 's when I stepped in and reminded Stewart that while "  weave-gate " was bad , hair is not the last taboo . And if he did n't believe me , he should try bringing up the word "  fat " and see what happens . Of course , I wo n't do it . I know the rules . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says there are a couple of words men should avoid when talking with women The words : "  Fat " and "  weave . " But a TV host mentioned his female co-host 's weave on air Granderson says the male co-host said he did n't know the rule Granderson : Men , you can mention almost anything else -- but not the weave
CNN  -- The world finally is starting to wake up to the plight of the pangolin -- an awesomely introverted , scale-covered mammal that 's capable off fending of lions but gets snatched right up by poachers . The International Union for Conservation of Nature said this week it considers all eight species of pangolin to be threatened with extinction because of the black market trade in its meat and scales . "  In the 21st century we really should not be eating species to extinction , " Jonathan Baillie , co-chair of the IUCN 's pangolin specialist group , said in a statement . "  There is simply no excuse for allowing this illegal trade to continue . " Related : The most trafficked mammal you 've never heard of The IUCN , which publishes the well-known "  Red List " of threatened species , now estimates more than 1 million pangolins were poached in the last decade . That 's a staggering number -- pangolins already were thought to be the most trafficked mammals in the world -- and an important reminder that the world could lose these amazing little creatures if more is n't done , immediately , to protect them . When I went to Vietnam and Indonesia earlier this year to report undercover on the pangolin market , I came across a number of reasons the trade continues unabated . Among them : 1 . Conservation groups do n't make the pangolin a priority . They focus on the "  charismatic " animals -- panda , rhino , tigers -- instead of these awkward introverts . The pangolin needs a serious PR campaign in order to survive -- and an army of supporters who recognize how incredibly cool it is . To that effect , here are some fun pangolin facts : 2 . Governments in Southeast Asia and China have been slow to crack down on the illegal trade . I found pangolin meat easily available on restaurant menus in Hanoi , Vietnam , and am told by activists that little is done to stop pangolin consumption . 3 . It 's not just about busting the poachers . For this trade to end , there need to be incentives for poachers to stop poaching -- as well as for pangolin consumers , primarily in Vietnam and China , to stop eating pangolin meat as a delicacy . I 'm thankful to CNN readers for donating more than $ 17,000 toward the creation of a pangolin public service announcement in Hanoi , Vietnam . Similar efforts must be made in China . Source countries , including Indonesia , must create jobs and other opportunities for people who now work in the black market . Low-level poachers are trying to buy milk for their kids , not get rich . And with better economic opportunities , they would leave the trade . Related : 7 ways to save the pangolin An action plan from the IUCN -- cleverly named "  Scaling Up Pangolin Conservation " -- outlines other helpful steps that should be taken , including more pangolin science . "  Our global strategy to halt the decline of the world 's pangolins needs to be urgently implemented , " Dan Challender , co-chair of the IUCN 's pangolin group , said in a statement . "  A vital first step is for the Chinese and Vietnamese governments to conduct an inventory of their pangolin scale stocks and make this publicly available to prove that wild-caught pangolins are no longer supplying the commercial trade . " I 'm saddened by this week 's news about the size of the pangolin trade and that it now involves all eight species . But this is also an opportunity . I 'm confident the more people know about the pangolin , the more they 'll insist on its protection . They 'll do things like start petitions asking Disney to cast a pangolin in an animated film . Or they 'll create meme-y online videos like these two from CNN readers . That stuff is goofy but meaningful . If the pangolin has a big enough fan club , governments and conservation organizations are bound to listen -- and to do more to help these defenseless underdogs . The pangolin 's survival may rest in people being able to see it as sassy and cool . The good thing : It 's both of those . We just have to take time to notice .	IUCN says all eight species of pangolin are threatened by illegal trade The scale-covered mammals are traded for their scales and meat John Sutter reported on the pangolin trade in Southeast Asia earlier this year Sutter : The pangolin 's survival may rest on it being seen as "  sassy and cool "
CNN  -- Juan Manuel Santos was sworn in Saturday as Colombia 's new president , vowing to unify his country around the goals of prosperity for all and of thwarting the nation 's leftist rebels . "  It is possible to have a peaceful Colombia , a Colombia with no guerrillas , and we will prove that by reason or by force , " Santos said in Bogota in his first televised remarks as head of state . "  As long as they do n't free the hostages , as long as they perpetrate terrorist acts , as long as they do n't return children recruited by force , as long as they keep on planting mines and polluting the Colombian countryside , we will keep on battling those who commit violence , without exception , by any means available , " he said . Earlier in his speech , Santos vowed to "  preside over a government of national unity . " "  The priority , the obsession of my government , will be to generate prosperity for society through the creation of jobs , " he said . In an early test of Santos ' diplomatic skills , his inauguration was attended by the foreign minister of Venezuela , which is at odds with Colombia over accusations that Colombian rebels have found refuge in Venezuela . Venezuelan Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro said he wanted to deliver a positive message from President Hugo Chavez . "  We would like to deliver -- that 's what President Hugo Chavez specifically indicated -- a message of love and solidarity to all of the people of Colombia ; a message for the future and for hope , " Maduro said . "  We would like to reach out with our loving hand , of friendship and of fraternity to all of the people of Colombia . " In a speech later on Saturday , Chavez said that Maduro will meet with his Colombian counterpart in Bogota on Sunday . Chavez also said that he wants to meet with Santos . "  I invited Santos to go to Caracas , " Chavez said , referring to Venezuela 's capital . "  If he ca n't come , I 'll go to Bogota . " "  But I am telling you , " Chavez said at another point in the speech , "  the first disrespect to Venezuela , the first false accusation , and everything will be over . " Santos was elected president of Colombia in June with the highest vote total in his country 's history , garnering more than 9 million ballots , roughly 70 percent of the electorate . He ran as a conservative promising to improve Colombia 's security . Some of the strongest strikes against the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , came under Santos ' leadership as minister of defense , including the high-profile hostage rescue of former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt in 2008 . "  We have been tough on terrorism and we will be even tougher now , " Santos said at a victory celebration in June . Venezuela broke off diplomatic ties with Colombia last month after Colombian officials said they had photographic evidence of guerrilla camps in Venezuela . But on Friday , Chavez said he hoped to offer more details about relations with Colombia in the coming days , according to state media . "  We are very optimistic . We must move forward , " Chavez said , according to the state-run Agencia Venezolana de Noticias .	NEW : Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez wants to meet with new Colombian president NEW : Foreign ministers of Colombia and Venezuela to meet Sunday Juan Manuel Santos took office Saturday afternoon Santos won more votes than any presidential candidate in Colombian history
CNN  -- "  Interracial/interethnic marriage is a great way of fighting war , hatred and prejudice . Think about it . If we all are mixed , who can we hate ? " wrote a reader about a CNN.com story on race and marriage . That comment was one of the thousands of responses to the story about a new study from the Pew Research Center that found interracial and interethnic marriages are at a record high of about one in seven . About 14.6 percent of newly married couples reported in 2008 that they married outside their race or ethnicity , according to the Pew report released Friday . In 1980 , about 6.8 percent of newlywed couples surveyed said their spouse was of another race or ethnicity . Overall , reader reactions voiced support for mixed relationships , with many commenters proudly identifying themselves as being in an interracial or interethnic relationship . "  I 've been happily married in a mixed race marriage for seven years . To anyone who would like to oppose mixed race marriage : What gives you the right ? I pay taxes , served in the U.S. military  where I was disabled  and watched all kinds of races die in service to the pledge to protect every American 's freedom . So as far as I 'm concerned , blood only has one color : RED , and there 's only one race : the human one , " wrote BeerMan5000 . Reader RippedJeans , a black woman , talked about marrying her white boyfriend of three years . She wrote , "  I could not be happier ! I love him for the MAN that he is , and I 'm truly grateful for having him in my life . Love is colorblind . ... " Danchar821 was also in support of interracial marriages . Reflecting on her personal experience , Danchar821 wrote . "  We met online through mutual friends . I went to Mexico every month last year and we were married . I could not be happier . There are cultural differences , but if anything , they have helped me to grow as a person . She is wonderful and so loving and I feel truly blessed and happy . The racism that some people show on here is truly sad . We are expecting our first child -- a boy -- in September . " Another couple talked about their wedding ceremony , which celebrated their cultural differences . Reader cellblock131 wrote , "  I am Hispanic and married a white woman . ... When it came to our wedding , we had a mixture of both cultural practices . For example , my dad read passages in Spanish , then her dad read them in English . The reception had traditional white American dances , plus Mexican in the mix . It was a wonderful wedding . " One reader identified only as Guest said he wo n't date outside his race . "  I care what race the women I date are . I am a white male . I date only white females . Sure there are attractive women in other races but I stick with my own . It 's America land of the free , " wrote Guest . AntigoneR ignores people 's objections . "  I can only speak for myself , but I really do n't care how many people accept or do not accept my interracial relationship . I do n't recall asking their opinion . Having said that , I 'm glad to see that the trend in society is more accepting , and that racial barriers are crumbling . I wish it were faster . " One commenter echoed a common view among the Millennial Generation , found in an earlier study this year from the Pew Center that reported 85 percent of 19 - to 28-year-olds accept interracial and interethnic relationships . SIR10LY wrote : "  It 's 2010 . I ca n't even believe this is still an issue ! If two people love each other , let them be . ... If you 're opposed to it , get with the times already ! " Children of mixed marriages also shared their views . Reader Anex wrote , "  Product of an Interracial marriage and darn proud of it ! I 'm a happy mutt ! " Other readers pointed to the challenges of marrying someone outside their race . "  But one thing the article does not mention is divorce among interracial couples is much higher than same-race couples . Challenges in understanding , family relations and pressures overall are higher . People should know what they 're getting into , " warned a reader . WHATRU wrote , "  I 'm an Arab , my husband is white . It gets more complicated after you have kids . The cultures and beliefs are just too different . It is easier to marry your own kind . " Reader Toadlife wrote that racial discrimination can also be difficult . "  Race matters because racial discrimination continues to happen all around us to this day . If you think otherwise , you are naive and probably white and have all white relatives . Thankfully , we 've come to a point in our society where race is not a determining factor in one 's fate , but it can still be an obstacle from time to time , " Toadlife wrote . Reader nal4america said her decision about whom to date is influenced by what race she grew up with . "  I 'm of West Indian decent and I grew up in a small town in Utah . I am so used to dating outside of my race that I do n't even date men of my race simply because I am not attracted to them . I think the environment you grow up in plays a huge factor in the mate you select . I am 95 percent certain my husband will be of a race other than my own and that 's fine because I believe in the American Race . " Native Americans had yet another take on the situation . " ... -LSB- T -RSB- here can never truly be justice and real harmony on stolen land ... just like there can never be peace and harmony in a house that 's been burglarized and its inhabitants marginalized and oppressed ... ask an Apache or Navaho or black American if they are happy to live in a society dominated by white people . The indigenous were here for many thousands of years before the Europeans destroyed the culture and lands of the indigenous almost worldwide , " wrote hotepk . " ... What must happen is either they go back to Europe or pay restitution -- like any other convict guilty of a crime -- otherwise there will continue to be struggle . " Ndngirl2010 responded : @hotepk -- I am full blooded Navajo and I 'm fine with living alongside whites and get this -- * gasp * -- I married one ! A majority of my family does n't harbor any animosity toward any other race . Let bygones be bygones and , instead , focus on the future . " The readers who responded to CNN 's coverage on the Pew Research Center study seemed to acknowledge the growing blurring of races and ethnicities . Reader HalfBaked shared : "  My wife 's biological mother is Filipino/Mexican and her biological father is Scottish . She was adopted at birth into a German-Jewish family . My mother 's side is Italian/Turkish and my father was Hungarian . Our kids are about as ` mixed ' as you can get . "	CNN.com readers have strong reactions to a story on race and marriage A Pew Study finds a record of 1 in 7 newlywed relationships are interracial or interethnic Thousand of CNN readers weigh in on the topic , mostly in support Readers discuss their own experiences in an interracial or interethnic relationship
A Nebraska toddler who repeated a slew of profanities in an online video has been taken into child protective custody , Omaha police said Wednesday . While authorities found nothing criminal in the video , officials from the Omaha police 's Child Victim Unit and the Nebraska Child Protective Services took the infant and three other children into custody on Wednesday , the police department said on its Facebook page . The joint investigation found safety concerns , the statement said . CNN learned of development through Twitter . In the video , the diapered child is bombarded with obscenities and racial slurs by the adults around him . The African-American toddler knocks down a chair and gives nearly as good as he gets , responding to some of the comments with an upraised middle finger and telling one of the adults at one point , "  Shut up , bitch . " The adults laugh and prompt him to repeat other crudities . Just another day on the Internet -- until the police union in Omaha , Nebraska , posted the clip on its website to highlight what it called the "  cycle of violence and thuggery " the community faces . Police union draws fire over swearing toddler ` thug ' video The Omaha Police Officers Association came under fire from the city 's police chief , the ACLU and at least one community leader . They say the move needlessly antagonizes the city 's minority communities , who make up about a quarter of Omaha 's 409,000 residents . Sgt. John Wells , the union 's president , said the video was "  disturbing " and "  offensive . " "  The focus here is n't on any particular ethnic group . The focus here is on the troubling behavior towards this child , " Wells said . "  This behavior is going to potentially lead this child down a path that is completely unhealthy . " On the website where the video is hosted , the union said the clip came from "  a local thug 's public Facebook page . " "  We here at OmahaPOA.com viewed the video and we knew that despite the fact that it is sickening , heartbreaking footage , we have an obligation to share it to continue to educate the law abiding public about the terrible cycle of violence and thuggery that some young innocent children find themselves helplessly trapped in , " the police union wrote in a post accompanying the video . "  Now while we did n't see anything in this video that is blatantly ` illegal , ' we sure did see a lot that is flat out immoral and completely unhealthy for this little child from a healthy upbringing standpoint , " it added . Wells said one of the adults mentions a local street gang in the video . "  That is why when we talk about the culture , the criminal culture , that this is to try to break the cycle and deal with the culture of violence and the culture of gang activity , " he said . But in a city where police officers ' treatment of minorities led to lawsuits , criminal charges against two officers and the firings and reassignments of several others in the past year , critics say the video is poking at raw wounds . Willie Hamilton , president of the community activist group Black Men United , said the union "  crossed a line by doing this . " "  For them to take a video out of context -- a 2-year-old who does n't have the brain capacity to know what 's going on -- and to say that this child , because two adults acted inappropriately , is going to end up in a life of crime is totally inappropriate , " Hamilton said . And the American Civil Liberties Union of Nebraska , which filed an excessive-force suit against the Omaha Police Department on behalf of an African-American family on Monday , said the union 's use of "  racially charged language " was "  very disconcerting . " Police Chief Todd Schmaderer tried to distance his agency from the controversy in a statement issued Tuesday , saying that the union 's website and Facebook page are separate from those of the Omaha Police Department and that he has little authority over the public statements of union members . "  With that background and understanding , I want to make it explicit and clear that the views expressed on the OPOA Facebook page do not necessarily reflect the official stance of the Omaha Police Department , " Schmaderer said . "  I strongly disagree with any postings that may cause a divide in our community or an obstacle to police community relations . " Wells said union members have turned the video over to the department 's child victim unit , which will work with child-welfare agencies to investigate the circumstances . He said the organization "  did n't think we 'd get this big of a reaction . " "  Hopefully , the impact is , it gives law-abiding citizens what law enforcement deals with on a daily basis , and it sort of throws back the blinders that these type of problems are going on , " he said . "  And we can have a very frank and open discussion on how to tackle these issues and come up with solutions . "	Authorities say there was no crime committed , but safety concerns existed Video shows toddler bombarded with obscenities , coached to respond in kind Omaha police union says it illustrates "  a cycle of violence and thuggery " ACLU and African-American leaders blast the posting of the video
CNN  -- FIFA have confirmed they made $ 3.655 billion from the World Cup in South Africa , after the organization announced buoyant financial figures between 2007 and 2010 . President Sepp Blatter said that the figures proved it was the right decision to award the 2010 tournament to South Africa , despite fears that hosting the biggest event in football on the continent was a financial risk . "  I am the happiest man to announce that the World Cup in South Africa was a huge , huge financial success for everybody -- for Africa for South Africa , for FIFA , " Blatter told reporters after a meeting of the executive committee of football 's world governing body in Zurich on Thursday . "  For the first time in FIFA 's four-year accounts we are over four billion dollars , " the Swiss added . Deputy secretary general and finance chief Markus Kattner confirmed that FIFA earned $ 4.189 billion over the last four years -- 87 % of which came from the 2010 World Cup . Kattner said that the the bulk of the organization 's earnings came from the sale of broadcasting rights and marketing or sponsorship contracts from the tournament . However , as a non-profit organization under Swiss law , the $ 631 million surplus raised by FIFA in 2010 will be distributed among footballing nations to be re-invested back into the game . Meanwhile , Blatter also said that he expected to be unchallenged for a fourth term as FIFA president when elections take place in June this year . This is despite American Sports Illustrated journalist Grant Wahl having stated his intention to challenge Blatter . Mohammed Bin Hammam , president of the Asian Football Confederation , is also expected to run . Blatter has been president of FIFA since 1998 and was recently criticized over his handling over the World Cup cash-for-votes scandal . "  There was not one single approach as long as I am informed for candidates for the future , " the 72-year-old , who revealed he he had received nomination for his own candidature from the Somalia Football Federation on Thursday .	FIFA announce they made $ 3.6 billion from World Cup in South Africa President Sepp Blatter said first tournament in Africa was huge financial success Organization reveal they made more than $ 4 billion over last four years Blatter also said he does not expect to be challenged in presidential bid this year
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Under almost any circumstance , Louisiana politics are hot and spicy . The race for the Senate seat this year plays to type , and then some : It 's an almost guaranteed runoff , to be decided in December . So the answer to the question of who controls the Senate could actually have to wait for Louisiana voters to figure it out . The stakes are high , yet the contest is a combination of Louisiana dynasty  as in incumbent Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu , whose wobble dance this month is a viral hit  vs. three term Republican congressman Bill Cassidy  a physician who has focused his message on President Barack Obama 's record  vs. conservative tea party candidate Rob Maness , a retired Air Force colonel  running with the Sarah Palin seal of approval  . Republicans are fuming at Maness , calling him a spoiler because they believe their candidate could have gotten half of the vote if he had disappeared from the race . He did n't , and he wo n't . We asked him about the accuracy of the term "  spoiler " to describe his bid , and he was having none of it . "  Absolutely not , " he responded . "  There is no taking votes away from so-and-so ... people will go out and vote for who they believe , can best serve us here in Louisiana . " And so he remains very much in the race . A USA Today/Suffolk University Poll this week showed Landrieu and Cassidy almost neck and neck , at 36 % - 35 % . Maness , meantime , is at 11 % . So the top two finishers will face off in a run-off on Dec. 6 . "  We call it a jungle primary system because we just let all the candidates get into one room , so to speak , and just go at it and see who makes the runoff , " said Jeremy Alford , publisher of LaPolitics.com . Democrats and Republicans are already into the runoff mode , with more than $ 10 million reserved on TV for the next phase . Expect that to grow if , in fact , control of the Senate comes down to Louisiana . But Louisiana might not be the only cliffhanger . In Georgia , a libertarian could force the Senate race there to a run-off in January -- a month later than Louisiana 's December date . As for Maness , he 's not letting the establishment talk him out of anything . "  The party , it 's about power , you know , " Maness told CNN . "  Well , the back room got together and decided that so and so 's gon na be the guy or gal . " He said he 's gotten calls urging him not to run -- which he resisted . His campaign got a splash -- literally -- as he "  wrestled " an alligator , sort of . He does that in an ad in which he said "  Here in Louisiana you learn to be tough . One moment of weakness , and the alligators can eat you alive ... Louisiana needs a senator that will stand up to the career politicians and the alligators . " "  Some said it was a stunt . But it was a very good way to communicate effectively visually with the people of Louisiana , " Maness told CNN in an interview . It did get him noticed , and Sarah Palin has been to La. several times to campaign for him and help raise money . In Louisiana -- which is also hosting the comeback campaign of ex Gov Edwin Edwards , a Democrat , now running for a House seat , and Republican Rep. Vance McAllister , an incumbent running for re-election after being caught on a surveillance camera kissing a married female staffer -- the Senate race is par for the course . And maybe even a little bland . At least according to Isaac Toups , owner and chef of the New Orleans restaurant Toups ' Meatery whose family has been in Louisiana for five generations . "  You can fly your freak flag here in New Orleans . You can be a lot more liberal ... you can have a purple Mohawk and have your teeth painted black and someone next to you is gon na be twice as crazy " Toups said as he prepared some Cajun fare . "  In north Louisiana , it can be very conservative , and that 's the way they roll ... our politics are lively and unique . " CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story misstated Rob Maness ' first name and party affiliation . He is a Republican .	Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu is in a tough reelection battle for her seat Landrieu 's Republican opponent is U.S. Rep. Bill Cassidy There 's also another Republcian candidate Rob Maness who 's getting 11 % of the vote The race will likely go to a runoff in December
CNN  -- Most of us have agreed to share a cab with a stranger while traveling , but we have n't wound up in jail as a result . That wrong-place-wrong-time nightmare scenario , however , is apparently what 's happened to Stacey Addison , an American veterinarian from Oregon , who has been traveling solo around the world since January 2013 . According to the Oregonian newspaper and Addison 's Facebook page , on September 5 , Addison traveled from Indonesia into Timor-Leste  also known as East Timor  and shared a cab from the border crossing at Batugade to the capital city of Dili . "  Along the way , another passenger asked to pick up a package at a DHL office , " reports the Oregonian . "  Police , acting on a tip from Indonesian authorities , were watching and found methamphetamine in the parcel . "  Addison and everyone else in the cab were arrested . " "  I was held in the Dili Detention Center for four nights then released after an initial hearing , " Addison later posted on Facebook . "  The judge ordered that my passport be held until further investigations have been completed . " "  Addison  was conditionally released September 9 but was n't allowed to leave the country , " according to the Oregonian . "  Prosecutors told her she was needed as a witness for an investigation that could take a year . " Solitary confinement , hair chopped After an October 29 court appearance , Addison was jailed again without explanation or warning , and spent five days in solitary confinement . It 's unclear when Addison will be released . The Oregonian reports that local U.S. consular officials have visited twice with Addison in prison and that U.S. State Department officials will meet with the Timorese ambassador on Friday . Addison 's mother , Bernadette Kero , has established a Facebook page PleaseHelpStacey . On November 1 , Kero posted the following update : "  Yesterday I spoke with Josh at the U.S. Embassy in Dili after his visit with Stacey at Gleno prison . "  He said that conditions are basic but decent . ... She is in ` Induction ' period so alone for 5 days and her hair has been cut short per prison protocol . She will be moved to the Female Unit on Monday . "  He told me she was being strong . ... She  said  how difficult it was to be all alone in a small cell with nothing to do but worry all day . " "  I am trying to keep busy and keep the anxiety at bay , but the uncertainty is always there , " Addison posted on Facebook on October 19 , between her first and second incarcerations . "  This is n't how I had imagined I would be spending my time during the trip of a lifetime . I hope it is all over soon . "	Travel nightmare comes true for American Stacey Addison in Timor-Leste Addison arrested after sharing a cab with a stranger carrying methamphetamine She 's being held as a witness in the case , which could take up to a year to investigate U.S. State Department to meet this week with Timor-Leste ambassador
CNN  -- I peered over the shoulder of the flight engineer and studied the pressurization gauge on his panel . The needle indicated that the cabin was climbing , and the slow popping in my ears confirmed it . Not good . The flight engineer swiveled his seat away from the panel and turned in my direction , brow furrowed , eyes wide . "  Should I tell the captain ? " he asked . The question seemed foolish , but I understood . The flight engineer was brand new , having completed his training with the airline a week earlier . I was a seasoned veteran of six months , observing from the jump seat for the purpose of monitoring co-pilot procedures . I had just upgraded from the flight engineer position to a "  window seat " on the 727 . "  Yes , " I replied with raised eyebrows . "  I would tell the captain ... like right now . " The captain had already begun to swivel in his seat . He squinted at the array of switches and indications on the panel . A conference with the flight engineer ensued . All four of us in the cockpit focused momentarily on the cabin rate needle . It was still indicating a climb . For some mysterious reason , we were slowly losing cabin pressurization . The captain turned toward me in a silent gesture to obtain confirmation . I nodded . Without hesitation , he instructed the co-pilot to request an immediate descent to 10,000 feet from our altitude of 37,000 feet . I reached for the oxygen mask and strapped it to my face . The rest of the crew followed my lead . Ten minutes later , and after the completion of the appropriate emergency checklist , we reached 10,000 feet . Our 152 passengers had to endure a lack of air conditioning because of the pressurization problem , but other than that , the experience was a non-event . This should have been the same outcome for the single-engine Socata TBM 900 turboprop that crashed , tragically , in the waters off Jamaica on Friday . The TBM 900 had departed Rochester , New York , bound for Naples , Florida , with two occupants on board : Larry Glazer , the pilot/owner and his wife , Jane Glazer . But the pilot became unresponsive while the airplane cruised at 25,000 feet over Georgia . Instead of landing in Naples , the autopilot system allowed the turboprop to continue flying off the eastern U.S. coastline , crossing over Cuba before , with its fuel supply exhausted , it crashed into the sea about 12 miles north of the Jamaican coastline . Two U.S.-launched F-15s confirmed through observation that the pilot appeared unconscious . The French-made TBM 900 is a sophisticated piece of technology , far superior to the old Boeing 727 airliner I described above . It is a great representative of the new generation in privately-owned cabin class airplanes , competing with traditional twin-engine turboprops and even small , corporate jets . Composite material , finely tuned aeroengineering design , a reliable and proven Pratt and Whitney engine and advanced cockpit displays and controls all combine to make the $ 3.7 million airplane a respected machine . More than 1,000 of these airplanes are operating today ; the 900 is the most recent version . According to an Aircraft Owners and Pilot Association  AOPA  report , this was the third TBM owned by Larry Glazer ; he had logged 5,000 hours in the model . One would think that such experience would have produced a positive result and not a crash into the ocean . What happened exactly ? Hypoxia , lack of oxygen to the brain , would appear to be the most likely culprit . Depending upon the health condition of an individual , the time of useful consciousness at 25,000 feet is n't much more than about a minute . But that 's if a depressurization occurs as a catastrophic event with some type of major hole in the fuselage , allowing air to escape explosively . But in this instance , judging by 30 minutes of Air Traffic Control audio recording , it was not a catastrophic occurrence , but rather a slow event . News reports say the pilot asked to descend to 18,000 feet because "  we have an indication that is not correct in the plane , " according to a stream of that transmission posted on LiveATC.net . After about one minute , the airplane was cleared initially from 28,000 feet to 25,000 feet where it eventually remained until fuel exhaustion . While descending , ATC gave further clearance to 20,000 feet but the pilot responded with an unintelligible transmission . It 's possible he was already suffering from hypoxia . A slow loss of oxygen to the brain is insidious ; most people not familiar with the symptoms do n't recognize the danger . A depressurization problem is a traumatic event that it is easily managed -- but only if the problem is recognized . Like the captain of the 727 , a pilot facing such a situation would have to don an oxygen mask the minute he suspected the issue . The next objective would be to descend the airplane to a habitable altitude -- 10,000 feet is a typical procedure goal . For this to occur , a sense of urgency has to be stated or an emergency declared . Apparently , none of this happened . At the airline level , we train for such a depressurization event from day one . It is an emergency that is etched into our muscle memory . I am certain this emergency was part of the training for this particular TBM pilot . Whether it was part of his muscle memory , we ca n't know . The airplane is equipped with an emergency oxygen bottle attached to quick-donning masks for just such circumstances . It is possible that the system may have malfunctioned . Perhaps a closed valve not noticed on the preflight inspection ? An undetected leak ? Or maybe the system that had been causing the malfunction released the cabin pressurization in one final event . Regardless , if indeed a pressurization malfunction had been observed , the prudent decision would have been to descend immediately and head off a tragedy . Sad as this outcome was , we can be thankful for small favors . The airplane 's sophisticated automation system steered it away from populated areas and a tragedy of even greater proportions .	Early in pilot career , Les Abend faced rapid loss of cabin pressure He says captain of doomed flight that crashed in Jamaica waters may have faced that , too If so , hypoxia would have kept him from making lifesaving altitude adjustments , he says
CNN  -- Grappling with the fact that his father was a convicted rapist and kidnapper was difficult enough . Throw in the glare of the national media , a burglary and his father 's suicide , and Ariel Anthony Castro 's life became surreal . Now , the younger Castro is speaking out about his struggles in an essay for the Cleveland Plain Dealer . He wants to set the record straight : "  I 'm not my father . " "  I 'm still shell-shocked from the way these past several months unfolded . Instantly , my father became one of the most hated men alive , " he wrote . "  In no time , reporters from around the world demanded to know who this man was and what kind of background he came from . Just like that , my father went from captured to convicted to imprisoned to dead . " He described hiding at a friend 's house "  because I was shaken to the core , and I did n't want to be forced to grieve with cameras and microphones pointed at me . " When Castro eventually returned to his home , he noticed someone had broken in , ransacked it and carved an expletive into the front door . He said he 's still disgusted and angry about the crimes his father committed . Castro 's house demolished "  He deserved to pay for his actions , every day of those 1,000 years he could possibly serve , " Castro wrote . "  My anger with him kept me from visiting him in prison , even when he was moved to a facility just 20 minutes away from my doorstep . Coping would have to come before any possibility of a change of heart . But after mere weeks , that window slammed shut . " After his father committed suicide , Castro said he had to deal with reporters who tried to get his "  knee-jerk reaction , wanting to know the whereabouts of my father 's remains , waiting for me outside the Franklin County coroner 's office . " But he 's trying to cope with all the horrible surprises of the past year . "  I learned long ago that it 's not worth the effort to actively hate someone who will always be in your life , " Castro wrote . "  Instead of bidding goodbye and good riddance to Ariel Castro , the question should be , now what ? If my father 's life and death can lead to changes in how we deal with sexual predators , domestic violence , mental illness and , yes , prison safety , then we should have those discussions . If we can prevent a repeat here or anywhere , then justice truly will have been served amid all the broken pieces my father left behind . " Castro suicide : Two guards placed on leave	"  I am not my father , " Ariel Anthony Castro writes in the Cleveland Plain Dealer He went into hiding while he was hunted by reporters and burglarized The younger Castro says he 's still disgusted and angry about what his father did He says he hopes his father 's case will help prevent future violence
London  CNN  -- British government ministers fought back Sunday against accusations they had taken their eye off the Olympic security ball , rejecting accusations they were warned nearly a year ago about the security giant contracted to provide guards for the Games . G4S , the security contractor , admitted on Wednesday that it would not be able to provide more than 10,000 security staffers by the time the Olympics begin in less than two weeks . The government hurriedly announced it would bring in 3,500 military personnel to boost security for the Games . Sports Secretary Jeremy Hunt said Sunday it should be no surprise that some contractors were unable to meet their commitments . "  It 's completely normal that you 're going to find some contractors on a project of this size who are n't going to be able to deliver what they promised , " he said on the BBC 's Andrew Marr show . He praised the contractor as being "  honorable " for having admitted the problem , apologizing and covering the costs of bringing in military personnel . And he reiterated that the government learned only last week that G4S would not meet its commitment . "  Management told us right up until last week that everything was on track , " Hunt said . The contractor said Saturday it stands to lose up to $ 77 million after failing to recruit enough staff . Also on Sunday , the Home Office rejected a newspaper report that it had been cautioned about G4S in September of last year . The Home Office , which is responsible for domestic security , said it was "  inaccurate " that a report by the police watchdog agency Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Constabulary "  should have raised alarm bells about the readiness of G4S . " The report "  into Olympics security preparedness -- which has never been published -- raised serious issues over G4S last year , " the Independent on Sunday said . The Home Office denied that . "  While an early inspection highlighted issues to be addressed , a report in February 2012 said that LOCOG was on track to deliver the required number of security personnel , " the Home Office said in a statement . LOGOC is the London Olympic Games Organising Committee , which is running the Games . G4S chief executive Nick Buckles said Saturday he was "  deeply disappointed " the firm was unable to live up to its contract with LOCOG . "  We clearly took in a contract in good faith , " Buckles said . "  We were a vital part of securing the games . The military would have to be called in to help us through that process . We know a number of these soldiers had had to cancel leave to come back and help us with the process ... we feel we caused a huge problem . " Buckles acknowledged the company was at fault and said it was grateful the military is providing support . "  We are sorry they had to give up leave , truly , " he said . "  It is down to G4S ... we were contracted to deliver staff . We should have done that . " London Olympics organizer defends security contractor The military deployment means that 17,000 military personnel will be on duty in the United Kingdom during the Games , compared with the 9,500 currently in Afghanistan . A Ministry of Defence spokesman said the security operation will not impact operations in Afghanistan , which is the main effort for the military . Some personnel who would have had leave over the Olympic period will have the leave rescheduled , the spokesman said . G4S had been expected to recruit a staff of about 10,400 as part of a total security force of 23,700 for the Olympic and Paralympic Games . The staffers were to provide venue perimeter security , including manning X-ray machines , conducting spectator and vehicle searches and operating closed-circuit television , said G4S spokesman Adam Mynott . The contractor said this week that while 4,000 are already at work across 100 venues , more than 9,000 are still going through the training and vetting process . In a statement Saturday , the company said it had "  encountered significant difficulties in processing applicants in sufficient numbers through the necessary training , vetting and accreditation procedures . As a result , we will be unable to deliver all of the necessary workforce numbers . " UK : 3,500 extra troops called in for Olympic security That failure is likely to cost the firm between Â # 35m and Â # 50m  $ 54 million - $ 77 million  , it said . G4S "  deeply regrets that , despite the relentless efforts of so many of its people , it is unlikely to deliver in full its obligations to LOCOG , to the government and to everyone with an interest in these Games . " Britain is on a heightened state of alert ahead of the Games , which open on July 27 . Home Secretary Theresa May said Thursday that "  there is no question of Olympic security being compromised . " But opposition lawmakers have described the situation as a "  shambles , " saying it raises concerns over the government 's grip on the preparations for the Olympics and Paralympics . LOCOG chairman Sebastian Coe said Friday he was "  extraordinarily impressed with " private contractor G4S so far . Coe said he was happy with the security staff on site and that while G4S has "  challenges , " it would get there . Olympic organizers have agreed to give 10,000 tickets to the armed forces to compensate for the short-notice deployment , the Ministry of Defence said . The questions over security staff come as Britain gears up to welcome many of the visiting teams ' officials this weekend ahead of the athletes ' arrival on Monday . One headache was removed for organizers with the reopening Friday of the main highway linking Heathrow airport with central London . The busy M4 motorway had been closed for a week for emergency repairs to a viaduct . Is Olympic-level security already under way in Britain ? CNN 's Erin McLaughlin , Susannah Palk and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Sports Secretary Jeremy Hunt says it 's normal for some contractors to fall through G4S admits it can not provide all the Olympic security guards it 's contracted to deliver The government said this week it will bring in 3,500 extra troops to cover the gap The London Olympics open in less than two weeks
Newport , Wales  CNN  -- NATO members agreed Friday to form a "  spearhead " force of several thousand land troops ready to deploy within a few days , NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen said , as the trans-Atlantic alliance grapples with the threats posed by Russia 's interference in Ukraine and the rise of ISIS in Syria and Iraq The troops would be backed by air , sea and special forces support , he said , with a command and control center and extra equipment in Eastern Europe . "  This decision sends a clear message : NATO protects all allies at all times , " Rasmussen said on the second day of a NATO summit in Newport , Wales . "  And it sends a clear message to any potential aggressor : Should you even think of attacking one ally , you will be facing the whole alliance . " The new readiness action plan , which includes proposals for more short notice exercises , is intended to help NATO respond swiftly to Russian aggression and other international conflicts . "  In these turbulent times , NATO must be prepared to undertake the full range of missions and to defend allies against the full range of threats , " Rasmussen said . He said NATO members also "  stand ready to assist Iraq " in its fight against Islamist extremists if Baghdad asks for help . But pressed by reporters on exactly what aid NATO would offer , Rasmussen toned down his remarks , saying NATO is prepared to consider a "  defense capability building mission " in Iraq . President Barack Obama said Friday that "  there 's great conviction that we have to act as part of the international community to degrade " and ultimately destroy ISIS jihadists that pose a long-term threat to member countries . The United States has sent military advisers to Iraq to help that country combat ISIS . Canada -- a NATO member -- said Friday it also will send "  several dozen " troops to Iraq to help advise that country 's government on fighting ISIS , Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's office said . Responses to threats posed by Russia 's interference in Ukraine and the rise of ISIS in Syria and Iraq were at the heart of discussions of the alliance 's meeting in Wales . Obama rebuffs Russian warnings on NATO , Ukraine Russia 's annexation of Crimea and involvement in the unrest in eastern Ukraine have alarmed NATO members such as Poland and the Baltic States . A rapid-reaction force would give those nations more security amid Moscow 's deteriorating relationship with the West . U.S. officials have stressed that any force would be defensive in posture and not a provocation to Russia . Obama said Friday at the end of the summit that "  Russia 's aggression against Ukraine threatens our vision of a Europe that is whole , free and at peace . " He also rebuffed Russian warnings against NATO membership for Ukraine , saying membership in the alliance remains "  open to nations that meet our high standards . " The comments echoed Rasmussen 's earlier remarks . "  No third party has a veto " on new members joining NATO , Rasmussen said . Also Friday , Prime Minister David Cameron said the United Kingdom would be willing to contribute 3,500 personnel to the new NATO force . Edward Lucas , a senior editor at The Economist in London , said it 's important to get a rapid-reaction force "  that is pre-authorized , a bit like a pre-authorized credit card , so that if there is a crisis , it can be deployed very quickly by NATO military commanders . " Otherwise , activation of the force could get bogged down in political discussions , Lucas told CNN . Greater spending The allied nations also agreed to work toward increasing defense spending over the next decade as part of their NATO commitments , Rasmussen said . The goal : 2 % of gross domestic product , 20 % of which will go toward equipment , over the next decade . The Ukraine crisis is a major reason for the decision , he said . While he said Russia has increased defense spending by 50 % in the last five years , NATO nations have cut back on average 20 % . "  Russian aggression against Ukraine is a wake-up call , and I think this is exactly what has led capitals in NATO allied nations to reconsider defense investments , " Rasmussen said . "  Because it is now obvious that we can not take our security for granted , and we will have to invest more in our defense and security . " The recent revival of a Russian threat in Eastern Europe has upended some of the assumptions that had underpinned NATO 's earlier expansion in the region . "  This is the first time since the end of World War II that one European country has tried to grab another 's territory by force , " Rasmussen said Thursday . "  Europe must not turn away from the rule of law to the rule of strongest . " Lucas pointed out that when NATO first brought Eastern European countries such as Poland and Hungary into its fold in the late 1990s , it decided to regard Russia as a friend rather than a threat , forgoing plans to defend the new member states . "  The whole idea was that NATO would be in partnership with Russia to deal with other security issues , " he said . "  That 's changed because Russia did n't like that arrangement . Russia has bullied its neighbors . " Opinion : NATO 's moment of truth on Ukraine CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Newport , while Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong and Laura Smith-Spark from London .	NEW : NATO allies agree they must work together to degrade and destroy ISIS , Obama says NATO chief says alliance has agreed to create new rapid response "  spearhead " force The force of several thousand soldiers will be backed by air , sea and special forces , he says The United States is pushing to form a coalition against ISIS
Beijing  CNN  -- College student Wang Zixu was among the 1.1 million hopefuls who packed out school and universities across China on Sunday to sit the country 's civil service exams . It 's a tradition that dates back more than 1,300 years when exams were first held to select the best applicants for ancient imperial bureaucracy . Today 's young job seekers are vying for government posts in record numbers . Like many of the candidates , Wang , who will graduate next year , says the prospect of a stable salary and good benefits make it more appealing than the private sector that attracts many of the most ambitious minds in the U.S. and Europe . "  I think the exam was n't too hard . I answered all the questions , " Wang told CNN after taking the three-hour exam outside the China Institute of Political Science and Law . "  The pay is not very high but it has good bonus and social security , " he added . Central government jobs are often described as a "  golden rice bowl " for their stable income and generous benefits . Officialdom can also lead to membership of the Chinese Communist Party -- a status symbol in China . But with only 19,000 jobs available , Wang 's chances of a civil service career are slim . The exam attracted record numbers of applicants , with 1.52 million completing the online registration process up from 30,000 in 2001 . About 7,200 people competed for the most popular position as a researcher with the State Ethnic Affairs Commission , according to The China Daily . The annual exam includes an aptitude test and a policy essay , and those who pass make it to an interview round . When China 's economy first opened up 30 years ago , going into private business or commerce was seen as the best way to get ahead . But the civil service first began attracting huge numbers of applicants a decade ago , said Zhang Juwei , a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences ' Institute of Population and Labor Economics . "  The private sector in China is not very well structured or developed like the U.S. , " he said . "  Most of the people in private companies in China , unless their positions are high , they usually do n't pay well or have a clear career ladder to move up . " Many of the candidates are university graduates and the increase in the numbers applying for government jobs reflects a surge in the number of university graduates entering a fiercely competitive job market . This year a record seven million graduated , up from around two million a decade ago , according to Chinese magazine Caijing . Xu Ru and her friend Liu Jiashuang were among the class of 2013 trying their luck . While some prepare by taking crash courses offered by cram schools , Xu said she had not studied for the exam . "  Everyone is taking it today , so I just feel like I should give it a try , and if I got it , it would be simply great , " she said . None of the half a dozen candidates CNN spoke to said they were concerned by the government 's anti-corruption drive that has targeted both high and low-ranking officials . "  I think I would not do that -- I have my own principles , " said a man called Wang , who said he did n't do well in the exam this time around and would consider taking it again next year . The exam is also seen as being relatively transparent and fair in a society where connections can often count for more than ability . Parents also think it 's a suitable career in today 's uncertain economy . "  I mean for a girl , being a civil servant can be ideal . I know people who worked in the private sector here , they jump from place to place , it 's a lot of pressure , " said Fu Wenxia , the mother of an exam taker . Feng Ke reported from Beijing , Katie Hunt wrote from Hong Kong	More than one million took China 's national civil service exam on Sunday It 's a tradition that dates back 1,300 years to China 's imperial bureaucracy Competition is fierce , with only 19,000 jobs available Central government jobs are often described as a "  golden rice bowl " for their stable income and benefits
United Nations  CNN  -- The wives of the British and German ambassadors to the United Nations have taken on Syria 's first lady in an online video , calling on Asma al-Assad to "  stop your husband " and "  stop being a bystander . " The roughly four-minute video , posted to YouTube , juxtaposes pictures of an elegant al-Assad , the wife of Bashar al-Assad , against images of other Syrian women , and dead and wounded children . "  We want her  al-Assad  to speak out for the end of violence . That is what we want . Stop the bloodshed . Stop it now . We know this is a risk for you , but take this risk , " Huberta von Voss-Wittig , the wife of Germany 's U.N. ambassador , told CNN . Speaking to CNN in interviews Tuesday and Wednesday , Voss-Wittig said the Syrian first lady "  should get her act together " and "  not worry so much about her husband but worry a little bit more about women in her country . " A U.N. diplomat said the video was produced by Voss-Wittig and Sheila Lyall Grant , the wife of Britain 's U.N. ambassador , "  on their own initiative . " Voss-Wittig stresses that the video is n't a U.N. product or "  done by us as spouses . " "  It 's done by us as women who care and as women who have an international profile ourselves , " she said . Profile : Asma al-Assad , Syria 's first lady Syria has been engulfed in violence for 13 months as a national uprising spread after the government began cracking down on peaceful protests . The United Nations estimates at least 9,000 people have died since the demonstrations began , while others put the death toll at more than 11,000 . The video comes days after U.N. and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan forged what has become a fragile cease-fire . "  We think it 's a good moment now that the cease-fire has been installed . It 's very wobbly , it 's not quite working yet but we think she should not hide behind her husband 's back anymore and should come forward with a straight message for peace , " Voss-Wittig said . "  Stand up for peace , Asma , " a voice in the video demands . "  Speak out now . For the sake of your people . Stop your husband and his supporters . Stop being a bystander . " In one clip , the Syrian first lady can be seen bending down to kiss a young girl stepping off a bus . The next image is of a woman embracing what appears to be a dead child . "  Asma , when you kiss your own children goodnight , another mother will find the place next to her empty , " the narrator says . The video is the latest in a series of professionally produced videos aimed at stirring or shocking people into action . It asks viewers to sign a petition . Other recent examples that went viral include "  Kony 2012 , " a documentary on a notorious Africa warlord 's use of child soldiers in Uganda , and a video showing Mexican children acting out the roles of drug traffickers , kidnappers and victims . Once described by Vogue magazine as "  a rose in the desert , " the London-born al-Assad graduated from King 's College with a degree in computer science . She worked for JP Morgan as an investment banker before marrying Bashar al-Assad in 2000 , just months after he became president . According to a cache of e-mails leaked to CNN , the first lady appears to have spent much of the past year shopping online for expensive jewelry , art and furniture , and e-mailing boutiques in London and Paris . In one e-mail exchange with an art dealer in London , she -- apparently using a false name -- inquired about six artworks that feature butterflies . The dealer responds that the works cost between Â # 5,000 and Â # 10,500  $ 7,800 and $ 16,500  . The art inquiry was sent October 28 , the same day Syrian protesters staged a massive demonstration in the city of Hama in which they called for an end to the Syrian president 's rule . "  No one cares about your image , " the voice in the video says . "  We care about your action . "	NEW : Asma al-Assad should "  get her act together , " Voss-Wittig says The video contrasts images of Asma al-Assad against pictures of dead and injured children It is the latest in a series of polished videos aimed at stirring people into action "  We want her to speak out for the end of violence , " says Voss-Wittig
CNN  -- Voters in Algeria went to the polls Thursday to choose members of parliament . About 25,000 candidates from 44 political parties are competing for 462 seats in the National People 's Assembly . Roughly 15 percent of voters turned out , according to the Algerian Press Service . About 500 international observers were on hand to monitor the voting in Algeria , a North African nation of 37 million plagued by high unemployment . The observers were from the European Union , African Union , Arab League and other organizations . Algeria was the site of some Arab Spring protests , but they were not as large as in other countries in North Africa and the Middle East . After those protests , in February 2011 , President Abdelaziz Bouteflika 's government declared an end to a nearly two-decade state of emergency , lifting restrictions on speech and assembly imposed to combat an Islamist insurgency . The emergency declaration was part of a clampdown on Islamist movements during a civil war that left more than 150,000 dead . But critics said the insurgency had long since diminished , and the law remained solely to muzzle critics of the government . Journalist Said Ben Ali contributed to this report	Turnout was about 15 percent Voters are choosing members of parliament About 500 international observers are in Algeria for the election
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 30 Iraqi children riding in a bus were among the 160 people killed in Sunday 's twin car bombings in Baghdad , the Interior Ministry said Monday . At least 540 people were wounded in Sunday 's attacks , the deadliest in the capital in more than two years , the ministry said . One of the bombs exploded outside Baghdad 's governorate building , the other outside the Justice Ministry . The bombs detonated in quick succession about 10:30 a.m. , officials said . The children were packed in a mini bus that was outside the Justice Ministry building , a ministry official said . The vehicle carrying the explosives that detonated outside the ministry building was a stolen white pick-up from Falluja , Baghdad Gov. Salah Abdul Razzaq told CNN during his inspection of the bomb site . Images from the time of the attack showed the truck , linked to the Department of Water , pull up to the side of the building and blow up , he said . Plumes of smoke billowed from the sites as victims fled , some with blood streaming down their faces . The streets were strewn with debris , including charred cars and chunks of concrete . Some government buildings and others in the area were heavily damaged . Among the wounded were three American security contractors , the U.S. Embassy said , declining to provide further details . The area struck is close to the heavily guarded "  Green Zone , " which houses the embassy . The blasts sparked questions about Iraq 's security and national elections planned for January . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who visited the scene shortly after the explosions , said holding the elections as scheduled would send a strong message to the attackers . "  The cowardly attack ... should not affect the determination of the Iraqi people from continuing their battle against the deposed regime and the gangs of criminal Baath party , and the terrorist al Qaeda organization , ' " al-Maliki said in a written statement . U.S. President Barack Obama called the attacks an attempt to derail progress in Iraq , and pledged to work closely with the country as it prepares for elections . Obama spoke with the prime minister and President Jalal Talabani to express his condolences and reiterate U.S. support . In August , more than 100 people were killed in a series of bombings that led to tightened security in Baghdad . Blast walls were installed across the city and checkpoints were added . Two years earlier , three truck bombings killed hundreds in Qahtaniya , in northern Iraq . Sunday 's attacks were the deadliest on Iraqi civilians since those blasts in August 2007 . A day before Sunday 's explosions , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , visited Iraq for the first time . During her trip , she made a condolence stop at the Foreign Ministry , one of six sites attacked in August . Iraqis are supposed to go to the polls January 16 , but parliament has not passed key election legislation , putting the balloting in limbo . The president , prime minister and other top officials are scheduled to meet Monday to discuss the elections law and security concerns . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Mohammed Jamjoom , and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Death toll in Baghdad double bombing rises to 160 Bombs exploded outside government buildings in Baghdad Obama condemns bombings , pledges U.S. support for Iraq election
CNN  While veterans in recent years were dying as they waited for care at Department of Veterans Affairs hospitals , the VA has wasted billions of taxpayer dollars on controversial projects across the country , according to government reports and members of Congress . Critics say budget overruns and construction delays on several projects are burning money that could have been used to help more veterans access timely health care , with one lawmaker even comparing the elaborate projects to the Taj Mahal . For example , a massive construction project near Denver mired with problems ran hundreds of millions of dollars over budget and ended up in court over design and contract issues , according to court documents . The joint venture building the medical center near Denver , Kiewit-Turner , estimated the total project would cost more than $ 1 billion -- almost double the contractual estimate of $ 583 million . Kiewit-Turner took the matter to court , saying the VA never provided a design for the medical center that could be built for its budget . The court sided with the builder , allowing Kiewit-Turner to walk away from the project earlier this month . Kiewit-Turner and the VA subsequently reached an agreement to resume construction . Judges with the U.S. Civilian Board of Contract Appeals said the total cost of the medical center remains unknown but will be "  significantly in excess " of the VA 's original budget . Various forms of VA mismanagement and changes in the medical center 's design contributed to cost overruns and construction delays , according to court documents . During court proceedings , private contractors criticized the VA for including expensive , non-health-related projects within the medical center 's design , such as an estimated $ 82.6 million , three-story glass concourse that would connect different parts of the facility , which included a "  zigzag " wall to block the sun . "  All of this was aesthetics , " Paul Blatnak , a private construction manager on the project , said at a court hearing in May . "  Nobody was interested in cleaning up the aesthetics so that we could improve or add to the patient care . " The VA and contractor Kiewit-Turner resumed construction on the medical center Monday , but only after the VA paid the contractor $ 157 million in owed costs . "  This is n't about building a medical center , but about building a facility where VA can provide high-quality health care to the more than 390,000 Colorado Veterans who have served our nation , " VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson said last week . GAO official : ` Conflicting direction ' caused cost overruns A 2013 report by the Government Accountability Office found that delays and mismanagement contributed to a total cost increase of $ 1.5 billion at VA construction projects in Denver , Las Vegas , New Orleans and Orlando . The report said that an average construction delay of 35 months at each project contributed to the cost increases , such as in Las Vegas , where construction was delayed more than six years . Those delays were blamed on changes in local veterans ' needs and shifting VA policies , according to the GAO . Lorelei St. James , the GAO director of infrastructure issues at the time of the investigation , told CNN "  conflicting direction " from the VA has repeatedly caused cost overruns on different projects . As an example , St. James said VA managers have told contractors to wait for equipment before designing specific hospital rooms , but VA 's central office or other VA managers have ordered contractors to proceed with designs anyway . These contradictions have caused unnecessary work and extra costs , she said . Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colorado , whose district includes the VA project near Denver , said the agency should be stripped of its authority to oversee major construction projects . "  This is money that is not going to the care of veterans , " Coffman , himself a veteran , told CNN , adding that some of these medical centers are given unnecessarily elaborate designs , like "  Taj Mahals . " Coffman said the construction problems are deeply rooted in the VA 's culture , since these projects have had consistent delays and cost overruns despite different VA managers overseeing construction on different sites . At a hearing before the House VA Subcommittee on Oversight & Investigations in April , a top VA construction official , Glenn Haggstrom , admitted there have been challenges but said the VA has improved its construction process by better defining costs , adding staff and using an online tool to track design changes , along with other reforms . "  VA is moving toward its goal of improving and streamlining our processes to increase access to our veterans and their families , " Haggstrom said in his testimony . The GAO report additionally found in 2014 that the rent the VA paid for 31 leased outpatient facilities increased by a total of $ 34.5 million primarily due to VA delays and project changes , among other issues . The VA will have to pay these extra costs annually for each of the properties ' 20-year leases , according to the GAO 's report . Additionally , the VA 's Office of Inspector General found the VA could inappropriately handle $ 795 million worth of service contracts in the next five years if its contract management processes do not change , according to a report released this year . Wind turbine debacle One of the VA 's green energy initiatives has also been a source of spending controversy . The VA hired the firm JK Scanlan Co. to build an energy-saving wind turbine in 2009 at the VA hospital in St. Cloud , Minnesota -- for a price of $ 2.3 million . The project was completed in 2011 , but it was shut down the same year due to oil leaks , and although a litany of repairs was ordered , a variety of technical issues caused the turbine to sit idle for years . In October of this year , the VA terminated its contract with JK Scanlan , the company overseeing the turbine , and said it will seek to recover the wasted costs . A 2014 report released by Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , argues the VA has misused or mismanaged billions of dollars on initiatives ranging from lavish employee trips and conferences to faulty IT systems and call centers that handle just a few calls a day , among other programs . Some of the specific expenses Coburn highlighted as wasteful include $ 489 million spent on "  office makeovers " in less than five years , $ 5 million spent on unused computer software between 2006 and 2011 , and even $ 50,000 spent on the production of a parody of the movie "  Patton . " Coburn 's report also criticized the VA for maintaining and renovating unused buildings , such as a historic monkey house on the property of the VA medical center in Dayton , Ohio . "  Even a small amount of waste in the way VA has contracted for each facility could easily mean over a billion dollars in taxpayer dollars lost that could have paid for veterans ' essential medical care , " Coburn 's report said . Congressman : Management is the problem , not money The VA 's budget has grown from about $ 114 billion in 2010 to about $ 154 billion in 2014 , but a CNN investigation found veterans were dying while waiting for care despite this increase in funding . A VA internal audit this year found extreme delays in patient care and scheduling issues were systemic throughout the department . VA Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned as a result . Rep. Jeff Miller , R-Florida , chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs , told CNN delays in care at VA hospitals can not be attributed to lack of money since VA has left hundreds of millions in health care funding unspent each fiscal year since 2010 . "  VA does n't have a money problem , it has a management problem , " Miller said , explaining that Congress has repeatedly passed legislation to increase VA resources , yet problems have persisted . In August , President Barack Obama signed into law a bill that provided the VA with an additional $ 16 billion to hire more VA doctors and nurses , open mobile clinics and enable more veterans to obtain private medical care . A VA audit released in December showed more than 13,000 appointments still had wait times longer than 120 days . Secretary Robert McDonald , who began leading the VA this summer , has vowed to reform the agency and uphold patient care as its top priority . "  I 'm convinced that our comprehensive reforms will enable us to better meet the needs of our Veterans because we will be looking at everything we do through their eyes . We owe them nothing less , " McDonald said in a November press release .	VA critics say project cost overruns and construction delays are burning money Denver medical center 's estimated cost nearly doubled , to more than $ 1 billion Delays averaging nearly 3 years at 4 sites contributed to $ 1.5 billion in cost increases Rep. Mike Coffman : "  This is money that is not going to the care of veterans "
CNN  -- European football 's summer months are dominated by back-page headlines of glamorous transfers involving the game 's most prestigious players , with Arsenal 's Robin van Persie the most notable example this last few weeks as he ponders whether to stay with the London club after saying he will not renew his contract . But at the bottom of the football pyramid -- a world that receives little attention from the global media -- there are many deals that involve young players who are just starting their careers , the clubs that have trained them , and those that are interested in signing them in the hope that they might be the next Lionel Messi . The story of Messi 's early years in Argentina and his signing by Barcelona has been retold countless times . Of how , diagnosed with a growth hormone deficiency , the kid who would become the world 's best player went to Spain after Barcelona offered to pay his medical bills . What is less well known is that Barcelona did not immediately pay his former club Newell 's Old Boys the training compensation fee that the Argentine team was due . Can PSG 's big bucks buy world domination ? Newell 's Old Boys did claim $ 42,867 in reparation , but had to go all the way to FIFA 's Dispute Resolution Chamber to get the payment . It takes time and money for clubs to develop players , but the rewards can be enormous given the voracious appetite of ambitious teams looking for new talent . But this talent trawl leaves casualties and an academic study in 2009 estimated as many as 20,000 African boys are living in the streets of Europe after failing to secure contracts with European clubs following their trials . Under rules established by football 's international governing body FIFA , those clubs seeking that new talent agree to pay the team that nurtured the youngster a "  training compensation " fee . FIFA has a cash formula that is designed to compensate the "  training club " for the years spent developing players up to the age of 23 , when they sign their first professional contract . However , sports agent Paulo Teixeira says some European teams do not always play ball in agreeing these compensation fees . Teixeira , who has worked as a player agent and once represented former Brazil international Roberto Carlos , has taken to posting about training compensation on Facebook. , pointing to the way social media was used during the Arab Spring as a motivation in raising publicity over the issue . "  It 's a matter of culture , " Teixeira writes on Facebook , recounting what he says he was told by an executive of a European team ahead of the Champions League final in Munich back in May . "  European clubs are ready to pay millions on transfer fees , but when it comes to settling training compensation to African or South Americans clubs , it becomes a problem . "  Clubs know that they will have to pay once the cases reach FIFA , but until then they buy time . " The Brazilian agent is football 's equivalent of a bounty hunter , taking a hefty commission from the teams he represents in cases he takes before FIFA to claim training compensation from larger clubs . Teixeira details his disputes with a number of those European clubs on Facebook , claiming they failed to pay the true cost of training a player to the development club , based on FIFA 's formula . Unhappy about these Facebook postings , at least two of those clubs -- Italy 's AC Milan and Anderlecht of Belgium -- have complained to FIFA about what they claim is "  defamation and calumny " . "  FIFA can confirm that AC Milan and Anderlecht have lodged complaints against the agent Paulo Teixeira and that FIFA has opened a case , " FIFA told CNN . "  However , as the investigations are currently ongoing we can not comment or speculate at this stage . " But as well referencing the Arab Spring , Teixeira quotes the Universal Declaration of Human Rights -- "  everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression " -- as justification for his campaign . In one of the cases Teixeira posts about , he claims AC Milan owes Botafogo FC of Ribeirao Preto compensation involving its training of the player Sergio Ceregatti . He says the claim is based on the calculation that Ceregatti was with the Brazilian club for four years before moving to Italy . Ceregatti initially joined Ancona and then signed for Milan , with Botafogo not compensated for those formative years of training as per FIFA 's rules . "  At this stage , I just can tell you that the player gave three different declarations  one of them signed by his father , when Ceregatti was still a minor  about the duration of his registration to Botafogo -- nine months ; 24 months ; 48 months circa , " said Leandro Cantamessa , the lawyer acting for AC Milan . "  AC Milan immediately paid on May 2011 the amount requested by Teixeira pursuant to the first player 's declaration and moreover in conformity with Botafogo 's records , as collected by Brazilian Federation  CBF  in the so-called sport passport , duly attached to the first Teixeira claim . "  The last declaration has been released by Ceregatti in Brazil , in January 2012 , after his escape from Italy and from contractual obligations with AC Milan . " Texeira tells a very different story , insisting he has full the support of Ceregatti , who recently returned to Brazil after signing with Vasco da Gama , and that the Brazilian footballer confirms he had been at Botafogo for four years since the age of 12 from 2004 . The gambling game : Soccer 's battle with betting "  The claim is for Botafogo and has nothing to do with Ceregatti , " added Teixeira , after CNN asked to interview the player . As for Anderlecht , general manager Hermann van Holsbeeck refused to comment on Teixeira 's $ 122,822 compensation claim on behalf of DR Congo club CS Aigles Verts relating to one of their players , but added : "  We have introduced a file against Teixeira by FIFA . We will defend our position at the court . " Teixeira works closely with the Brazilian National Amateur League manager Jose Tobaldini , who keeps track of 140,000 players on a computer database and believes hundreds of young players literally "  disappear " from their clubs -- lured away by agents and scouts . "  I know they 've all gone to Europe , most of them have the possibility of acquiring dual citizenship , " says Tobaldini . Teixeira claims on Facebook that "  a generation of dozens of young Brazilian and African players were literally taken away from their original clubs by dubious agents and brought to Italy under the so-called primo tesseramento  first contract  . " Often smaller clubs in Brazil and Africa do not have the financial resources to find out what has happened to their players after they have left , presumably for Europe -- which means they are often left without compensation . That is where Teixeira steps in . After a player has turned professional , Teixeira -- with the help of Tobaldini -- tracks down the development club to see if there are compensation issues and then begins the administrative process of demanding what he says is the correct sum to be paid by the European clubs . "  In the beginning I was approaching the clubs , but now more and more I am approached by clubs , " said Teixeira . "  All due to the internet , as you can imagine . Some African agents have sent me messages saying I 've become an icon . " In an arrangement that is reminiscent of the kind of fees "  uplift " that successful personal injury lawyers use to get paid if and when a dispute is resolved , Teixeria would receive a 20 % commission of the amount of the claim . So in the cases he lists on Facebook , the potential compensation amount is close to $ 2.4 million , which would net Teixeira approximately $ 480,000 if he is successful . "  Big clubs are always challenging the conformity of training compensation with EU law , " said Argentine lawyer Ariel Reck , who also has experience with of this area and it is a view supported by British lawyer Guy Thomas . "  The Jean-Marc Bosman case may have increased player power , " said Thomas , referring to the landmark judgment allowing players to move for free at the end of their contract , "  but ongoing uncertainty over the best way to calculate compensation still allows clubs the chance to push back or delay payment . " Blog : Time to get tough on racism in football Reck admits these cases are a gravy train for agents and lawyers . "  This is also a business for sports lawyers , I have to confess . Not only South American but also big European firms  mostly Spanish due to language issues  offer clubs the services to claim and collect such compensations . Fees can be as high as 30 % of the amount , " he said . Gravy train or not , this issue may also be an administrative headache for FIFA , which says it receives 3,500 complaints a year -- though not all of these relate to training compensation cases . "  FIFA 's normal procedure says that a case should be opened within three to five weeks after the claim is lodged , " said lawyer Fernando Lamar , who works with Teixeira . "  FIFA says that an ordinary case would take six to 12 months to be solved . However , we have cases in progress for almost two years and we 're not halfway through . "  You can not imagine the time and energy spent trying to reach a FIFA officer to have information about the claims . It is almost a lost battle ; the most common responses we get are , ` We are overloaded , ' ` We have no time . ' " In a statement to CNN , FIFA said : "  Cases are normally opened within a couple of weeks following the receipt of the relevant complaint . "  As to the duration of a specific procedure , we need to emphasize that many factors influence the advancement of the investigation phase and the decision-making process : the cooperation of the parties , the complexity of the matter , the extent of the documentation provided , the availability of the deciding body -- just to name a few . "  Consequently , we are really not in a position to comment on an estimated timescale . " In a recent edition of the Sports Law Bulletin , a doctoral researcher at England 's University of Westminster came up with an idea to help protect the treatment of minors in football . "  A possible solution to prevent such circumstances could be introduction of a form of authorization for trials via the transfer matching system , albeit trials can not be deemed as a transfer , " wrote Serhat Yilmaz , referring to FIFA 's governing body electronic method of conducting transfers . So as the lawyers , agents and administrators argue , does Tobaldini have any advice for parents considering letting their offspring move to European clubs ? "  First you should build the athlete up , maintain his focus on school and look for an agent -- properly accredited -- with the goal of taking care of his professional career . "	Agent seeks compensation for clubs who lose young players to bigger teams Paulo Teixeira says some European sides do not always play ball in agreeing fees Two European clubs have complained to FIFA about Brazilian agent 's claims Teixeira typically gets 20 % of any compensation payment that is made
CNN  -- Barcelona defender Dani Alves has ended speculation about his future by signing a new contract with the Spanish Primera Liga champions . The 27-year-old Brazilian international full-back , who had been linked with a move to big-spending Manchester City next season , has agreed a three-year extension to his current deal . Alves -- who will officially sign his new deal on Wednesday -- is now contracted to Barcelona until June 30 2015 . Barcelona sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta told the club 's official website : "  This is the news we were all hoping for , for both the club and the player . "  The negotiations were long but never tense and Alves ' performances on the pitch have been as good as ever . We have taken our time and we can finally announce that we have achieved the objective we set out to achieve . " Zubizarreta continued : "  He plays with an intensity that has nothing to do with tactics but is more about spirit . "  Alves has everything . We have looked at the market and there is nobody like him , he is unique in his position . " Alves , who is currently with the Brazil squad preparing for the friendly international against Scotland in London this weekend , moved to the Camp Nou from Spanish rivals Sevilla for 29.5 million euros in 2008 and is a key member of coach Pep Guardiola 's side .	Barcelona defender Dani Alves has signed a new contract with the club The Brazilian international has agreed a three-year extension to his current deal Alves , 27 , is now contracted to the Spanish champions until June 30 2015 Alves moved to the Camp Nou from Spanish rivals Sevilla for 29.5 million euros in 2008
CNN  -- Barry Kluger was playing a round of golf with a friend on April 6 , 2001 , when he received news of the kind every parent fears : His 18-year-old daughter , Erica , had been in a car crash . "  What they did n't tell me is she 'd been dead an hour , " said Kluger of Scottsdale , Arizona . Twenty minutes after receiving the call , Kluger was at the emergency room talking to a grief counselor . "  A few weeks later , I went to thank the firemen who tried to save her , " he said . "  They told me she never knew what hit her . " Kluger said he can not begin to imagine the pain that the loved ones of the victims from Friday 's Colorado theater mass shooting are experiencing . "  It was so violent and there was no reason , no cause for it , " he said . "  Those who lost spouses , siblings , boyfriends and girlfriends -- they 're going to spend the next few years and most of their lives trying to make sense out of something that makes no sense . " Victims of massacre remembered with poignant stories Kluger believes that getting bereavement and trauma experts to victims ' families is the best support possible . When his daughter died , Kluger was running his own company , and could take personal time to grieve . However , extended time off is not a reality for many Americans . "  People have sent me their stories , " Kluger said . "  One woman lost a child and her boss showed up at the funeral and said , ` I 'll see you at work on Monday . ' " In January 2011 , Kluger partnered with another grieving father , Kelly Farley , to draft a proposed amendment to the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 . According to the U.S. Department of Labor , the current act "  entitles eligible employees of covered employers to take unpaid , job-protected leave for specified family and medical reasons . " Three months of leave is allowed for the birth of a child or to care for a sick family member , among other things . Yet the death of a loved one is not covered by the act . A weekend at grief camp : ` It 's never going to be the same ' "  You have 12 weeks off to have a child , " Kluger said , "  but three days off when a child dies . It does n't make any sense . " In summer 2011 , after receiving letters from Montanans who had also signed Kluger 's initiative , Sen. John Tester , D-Montana , proposed the Parental Bereavement Act , which would amend the Family and Medical Leave Act to incorporate extended , job-protected leave for the loss of a child . "  The senator was struck by it and , like most people , surprised the law was n't already taken care of , " said a spokesman from Tester 's office . "  We want to see it pass but we do n't have a lot of time left this year . " The average bereavement leave for a person who loses a child is three days , according to Dr. Joanne Cacciatore , a researcher at Arizona State University and the founder of the MISS Foundation , which provides support to grieving families . Cacciatore has been studying the emotional , social , cognitive , and economic impact of child death on individuals , families and society for almost 20 years . "  The death of a child is one of the most traumatic experiences a human being can endure , " Cacciatore said . "  I can not express to you how incredibly devastating this is to people . " Experts like Cacciatore explain that without giving parents sufficient time to grieve for their loss , companies and corporations will pay for it in the long run . Researchers at the Grief Recovery Institute , a nonprofit foundation , measured how situations like death and divorce affect U.S. businesses . According to Russell Friedman , executive director of the institute , the current estimated annual loss due to reduced productivity as an aftereffect of grief is around $ 225 billion . "  When someone we love dies , we lose the ability to concentrate or focus , " Friedman said . "  Your brain does n't work right when your heart is broken . That 's why businesses lose money . " Three months for bereavement leave is a more realistic standard than three days , according to Cacciatore . After 12 weeks , "  people are usually past the stage of being stunned and paralyzed by the loss , " she said . "  Now they can understand what this loss means . " While a person can take extra time off for mental health reasons , Cacciatore said this creates an ethical dilemma . If someone needs to mourn , having to declare depression for time off work is an unnecessary label that could also affect future employment opportunities . "  Grief is not a mental illness . It is a normal response , " she said . A walk to pound grief into the ground	Barry Kluger has heard from parents who do n't get time to grieve Three days of leave "  does n't make any sense , " he says A pending bill would extend parental bereavement leave
RollingStone.com  -- After years of speculation and anticipation , the cast and crew of "  Arrested Development " are finally at work on new episodes . In the interim , David Cross was n't waiting by the phone covered in blue paint , like Tobias Funke : he released his third comedy album in 2010 , created and starred in "  The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret "  on IFC and guest-starred on "  Modern Family . " Cross took the time to talk to Rolling Stone about the return of the cult favorite . It 's been almost ten years since the show started . I never really thought of it that way . I do n't know of any project that 's had a shelf life -LSB- like this -RSB- . It was about a four-and-a-half year window of people thinking , "  OK , it might be any month now that it starts . " You know , "  Next month ? Next year . Next year ? Next two months . Tomorrow ? Three years . " And that process was four years , so it seems very present . That whole part was longer than actually shooting . How does it feel to be back in the cutoffs ? Well , the cutoffs themselves are great , because that first day of shooting we were in Burbank , and it was 102 degrees . It was a treat to be in the cutoffs . It 's great , and it 's a little surreal . I would say about half of the crew is back , the same crew from six years ago . We 're all older and people are married , have kids now . There 's no good way to do it . You 're not gon na sit around on set and shoot the s *** for three hours and catch up . You just get there at 6:30 in the morning and go . And you know , an hour-and-a-half later you 're in front of the camera doing your first scene . ` America 's Got Talent ' Recap : The Wild-Card Round Is a 10-episode season still the plan ? I think it 's going to be 13 episodes , not 10 . There 's too much story . Some characters will have two-parters . Everybody sort of participates , sometimes in a bigger way and sometimes in a tiny little thread that goes through everybody else 's stories . Is the new season going to be more serialized , like some of the later episodes ? I 'm not gon na divulge anything , but I know what the stories are and what Mitch -LSB- Hurwitz -RSB- is doing , and it 's so layered . It 's really audacious and amazing . I think a lot of people will miss the work that is involved , the story , the Venn diagrams that are being created , the domino effect that characters have with each other in their various episodes . I know what he 's doing , and this has never been done on a TV show like this . This makes "  Lost " look like a Spaulding Grey monologue . You 'll have to watch each episode more than once . Watch : A$ AP Rocky Goes for the ` Goldie ' on ` Fallon ' Do you think the return of "  AD " and the possible "  Party Down " movie and the campaign to save "  Community " have happened because fans have the Internet , or something else ? The networks finally caught up to the understanding of how people watch TV . If it was one year later , "  Arrested Development " would still be on the air . Or , not currently , but it would n't have gotten canceled . Just one year ! It took them a while to figure out what everybody else already knew , which is that people are n't watching the show the night it airs . The new episodes are going to be released on Netflix . What 's it like working with them compared to a network ? Netflix is great . They do n't meddle at all . They know what they want . They 're happy to have it . The idea of Fox and NBC and being kind of studio - or network-loyal is absurd . People do n't give a s *** . What is it ? It 's on the plane . It 's on Netflix . It 's on Hulu . It 's on YouTube . It 's on the Internet . That 's how people watch TV . Oliver Stone and Michael Moore Support Julian Assange in Op-Ed A lot of people are already planning marathons and parties for the new episodes . I think there 's gon na be a lot of power outages across North America . I think the grid is gon na go down . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	David Cross talks to Rolling Stone about the return of "  Arrested Development " Cross believes this new season will be 13 episodes rather than 10 What Mitch Hurwitz is doing with the new season is ` audacious and amazing , ' Cross says Working with Netflix has been ` great , ' he adds
CNN  -- At least 20 people were killed Thursday morning when a bus veered off a road in central Turkey , the country 's semi-official Anadolu news agency said . The bus overturned and landed on its side at the bottom of a snowy slope in the town of Pinarbasi . Another 28 people were injured , Anadolu said , citing a local governor . As many as 50 people may have been on the bus . After the crash , passenger Selcan Aydın said she had no idea where her child was . "  We were sleeping , my baby was in my lap . But I do n't know where my baby is now , " Aydin told Anadolu . "  When I woke up , I was under the bus . " Her husband , Asım Aydın , told the agency he looked for his two children after the crash . "  I could not find either of them . There were dead people around me , " he said . By late Thursday morning , most of the bodies had been pulled out from the wreckage , Anadolu said . The cause of the crash was not immediately clear . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	The bus veers and overturns down a snowy slope Another 28 people are injured , Anadolu says A mother ca n't find her baby , who was sleeping in her lap
CNN Student News  -- March 5 , 2014 Eastern Europe , South America , North America , Africa : These are the places discussed on today 's international edition of CNN Student News . You 'll hear about subjects ranging from protests to poaching , and we 'll even provide a lighthearted lesson about good grammar before we go . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might a news reporter take risks to cover a violent protest ? In your view , are the benefits worth the risks ? Explain . Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . clashes 2 . budget proposal 3 . poaching Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . How has the crisis in Ukraine impacted Russian markets ? What is the international community considering with regard to the crisis in Ukraine ? What economic ties does Russia have to other parts of Europe ? 2 . Why are some Venezuelans protesting their government ? According to the report : How does the Venezuelan government characterize them ? How do they characterize themselves ? What differing views do Venezuelans have on former President Hugo Chavez ? 3 . How much would President Obama 's 2015 federal budget spend ? What would see increased government funding under this proposal ? How would this be paid for ? What does the president say about his proposal ? What do Republicans say about it ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What might be some reasons why developments in Ukraine are important to the U.S. and Russia ? What might the U.S. and other countries hope to accomplish by threatening economic sanctions against Russia ? What might they risk in threatening these sanctions ? Why might Russian President Vladimir Putin be willing to take economic risks to remain involved in Ukraine ? 2 . What do you know about socialism ? What makes this form of government controversial ? What are some of the reasons behind violent protests in Venezuela ? Can you see any potential diplomatic solutions to the unrest in Venezuela ? What do you think will happen there in the days ahead ? 3 . How would you characterize today 's report about poaching in the Republic of Congo ? Why do you think that some people poach , despite the risks to themselves and to endangered species ? Why might the experience of a former poacher be important to a government that wants to eradicate the practice ? Do you think poaching can be stopped completely ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- A Disney Cruise Line employee has been reported missing during a seven-day cruise off the Mexico 's Pacific coast , the company said Thursday . The unidentified worker on board the Disney Wonder failed to appear for a Tuesday shift , Disney spokeswoman Christi Erwin Donnan said . The vessel , which left Los Angeles on Sunday , docked Wednesday in Puerto Vallarta , Mexico , Donnan said . The U.S. Coast Guard , the Mexican navy and the Bahamas Maritime Authority have participated in the search and investigation , Donnan said . The Disney Wonder is registered in the Bahamas . The Mexican navy has been conducting searches since Tuesday , Disney Cruise Line said in a written statement . "  Given the circumstances , we are very concerned about this situation and are doing everything possible to assist with the search effort and investigation , " it said . The company said it conducted a thorough inspection of the cruise ship . U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Pamela Manns said the Mexican navy is leading the search and asked for Coast Guard help early in the effort . The Coast Guard provided long-range search aircraft but is not now actively involved in the search . The FBI is not involved because it does not have jurisdiction , as the ship was off the coast of Mexico flying under a foreign flag , said spokeswoman Laura Eimiller of the agency 's Los Angeles office . But the FBI has heard no reports of criminal activity or foul play , she said . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	A cruise line employee has not been seen since Tuesday Disney Wonder left Los Angeles on Sunday Mexican navy and Bahamas Maritime Authority are involved in search
CNN  -- English Premier League strugglers West Bromwich Albion have sacked manager Roberto di Matteo following a poor run of recent results . The 40-year-old former Italian international led Albion to promotion from the Championship last season , his first at the club . And they continued that good form into the start of the current campaign , notably winning 3-2 at Arsenal and earning a 2-2 draw at Manchester United -- the only team to avoid defeat at Old Trafford this season . Their start to the season was so impressive that Di Matteo won the Premier League Manager of the Month award for September . However , results have taken a turn for the worse in recent weeks , and di Matteo was relieved of his duties following Saturday 's 3-0 defeat at Manchester City which left them just one place above the relegation zone in 16th place . A statement on the official club website read : "  West Bromwich Albion have relieved head coach Roberto di Matteo of his duties with immediate effect . "  This was the unanimous decision of the football club 's board of directors in light of a worrying sequence of results which has seen the club lose 13 of their last 18 games in all competitions , winning only three . "  First-team coach Michael Appleton will assume control of first-team affairs whilst the club considers all available options for a new head coach . " Club chairman Jeremy Peace added : "  This has been a tough decision , but we , as a board , believe it is the right one to give the club the best possible chance of remaining in the Premier League this decision . "	West Bromwich Albion have sacked manager Roberto di Matteo with immediate effect The Italian loses his job following a run of results that has left them near the drop zone Albion started the season well , winning at Arsenal and drawing at Manchester United But they have struggled recently and have picked up just three wins in 18 matches
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Two British men were convicted Thursday of torturing and killing two French students in London last June , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Gabriel Ferez  left  and Laurent Bonomo were graduate biochemistry students at London 's Imperial College . Nigel Farmer , 34 , and Daniel "  Dano " Sonnex , 23 , were also found guilty of arson , false imprisonment and burglary . The bodies of Laurent Bonomo and Gabriel Ferez , both 23 , were found in Bonomo 's burned apartment in southeast London last summer . Ferez 's mother , Francoise Villemont , told the judge that her son 's killing was "  indescribable and inexcusable . " "  No human being deserves such a death , " she said . "  My life stopped on the 29th June 2008 . I feel battered and bruised as a mother forever scarred . " The lead detective in the case , Mick Duthie , said at the time that the two had fallen victim to a "  frenzied , brutal , horrific attack . " During a five-week trial , the jury heard details of how the two students were tied up for hours , tortured for their credit-card personal identification numbers and repeatedly stabbed in an early morning attack June 29 , 2008 . Farmer went back to the apartment that night and set fire to it in an attempt to destroy the evidence , police said . Emergency services were called to the address after neighbors heard an explosion and saw flames leaping from the premises . Investigators initially believed the French men died in the fire , but an autopsy showed each had been stabbed dozens of times in the head , neck and torso -- 196 times , in Bonomo 's case and 47 times for Ferez . Police believe they were bound during the assault and an accelerant was used to start the fire after they were killed . Hand-held Sony portable games , mobile phones and credit cards were missing , police said . Bonomo 's card was used to withdraw # 360  about $ 580  in seven transactions . A bank machine seized Ferez 's card when someone tried to use it . Farmer turned himself in to police in the early hours of July 7 , 2008 , "  demanding to be seen and claiming to have committed a double murder . After hospital treatment , he was questioned for three days but chose to say nothing to police , " Duthie said . Police appealed to the public for tips , prompting someone to name Sonnex as someone "  with a propensity to use violence and whose family lived very close by , " the police said in a statement . Farmer and Sonnex were arrested in July . Bonomo 's father , Guy Bonomo , said he is "  tormented " by images of his son 's suffering . "  Not only have you taken Laurent 's life , you 've taken my heart and soul , " he told Farmer and Sonnex . "  I wish from the bottom of my heart that you will stay in prison for the rest of your lives . I ca n't bear to think that someone so evil will walk the streets again , that my daughter or a member of my family could encounter you again . " In court , each blamed the other for killing the two men , police said . "  Throughout the case , neither has had the decency or courage to admit any part in the fatal assault on the two students with both men telling different stories and ultimately blaming each other , " Duthie said . "  I 'm sad to say that we have not yet heard what did happen that early morning . " The two men are due to be sentenced later Wednesday . The victims were biochemistry graduate students on a three-month course at Imperial College , London , studying genetic developments . They were planning to return to France in July .	Daniel Sonnex , Nigel Farmer convicted of killing Laurent Bonomo and Gabriel Ferez Also found guilty of arson , false imprisonment and burglary Bodies found in burned-out London flat last July after "  frenzied , brutal attack " Investigators initially believed the two French students died in a fire
CNN  -- A laptop , some empty fireworks and a jar of Vaseline landed three friends of Boston Marathon bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in jail Wednesday , charged with trying to throw investigators off their buddy 's trail . Those are the items federal prosecutors say Azamat Tazhayakov , Dias Kadyrbayev and Robel Phillipos took from Tsarnaev 's dorm room at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth in the hours after the FBI released photos of Tsarnaev and his brother Tamerlan , the suspects in the marathon bombings . According to FBI affidavits , they quickly recognized their friend from the pictures . When Kadyrbayev texted his friend to tell him "  he looked like the suspect on television , " Tsarnaev texted back "  lol " and added , "  come to my room and take whatever you want , " the affidavit states . Phillipos , Tazhayakov and Kadyrbayev went to the room , where Kadyrbayev noticed a backpack containing fireworks that had been "  opened and emptied of powder , " according to the affidavit . "  Kadyrbayev knew when he saw the empty fireworks that Tsarnaev was involved in the marathon bombing , " the affidavit states . All three are accused of removing items from Tsarnaev 's dorm room after the April 15 bombings , which killed three people and wounded more than 260 . According to the affidavit , they left with the backpack , the Vaseline -- which Tazhayakov believed could be used to make bombs -- and Tsarnaev 's laptop . Read the criminal complaint By the time they got back to the apartment in New Bedford that Tazhayakov and Kadyrbayev shared , the Tsarnaev brothers had been named as bomb suspects , and the three friends "  started to freak out , " Phillipos recounted after what the affidavit stated had been four previous interviews . "  According to Kadyrbayev , they collectively decided to throw the backpack and fireworks into the trash because they did not want Tsarnaev to get into trouble , " the affidavit states . Investigators found the pack , fireworks and Vaseline in a landfill last week after a two-day search . The complaint does n't state what happened to the laptop . Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov , both from Kazakhstan , were already in federal custody on immigration charges . They 're charged with obstruction of justice , while Phillipos , a U.S. citizen , is charged with lying to federal agents probing the bombing . FBI details how suspect 's friends took , trashed backpack Probe stretches from Boston to Russia Wednesday 's developments come after more than two weeks of intensive investigation that has stretched from Boston to the restive Russian republic of Dagestan , where the Tsarnaev brothers ' parents now live . Federal officials say investigators remain very interested in talking with Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's widow , Katherine Russell , about what she may have known about her husband 's travel and associations , as well as about any encounters she may have had with the two suspects in the aftermath of the attack . Russell spoke to her husband after his picture appeared on national television as a suspect , two sources familiar with the investigation told CNN on Wednesday . The nature of the conversation remains under investigation , but the sources said there was some concern that Russell spoke with her husband but did not call authorities who were still seeking to identify the men in the photos . Russell 's lawyers had no immediate comment on that report . On Tuesday , attorney Amato DeLuca said Russell "  will continue to meet with law enforcement , as she has done for many hours over the past week , and provide as much assistance to the investigation as she can . " Officials say Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has told investigators his brother was the mastermind of the attack . Investigators are looking into whether Tamerlan Tsarnaev was influenced toward radical Islam during a six-month visit in 2012 to Dagestan , a region where Russian forces are battling jihadist guerrillas . The elder Tsarnaev 's body remained unclaimed in a state medical examiner 's morgue Wednesday . His wife wants his family to claim the body , DeLuca said Tuesday . Of the scores of people injured in the blasts , 17 remain in five Boston-area hospitals , though none is in critical condition , according to information the hospitals provided to CNN on Thursday . Three people have been discharged since Tuesday , according to the hospitals ' figures . Timeline : The Boston Marathon bombing , manhunt and more Lawyers say Dzhokhar 's friends cooperated Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's friends made their first appearance before a judge Wednesday afternoon , when they were read the charges against them and informed of their rights . All three started at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth in 2011 , along with Tsarnaev . Only Tazhayakov is still enrolled , and he 's been suspended "  pending the outcome of the case , " university spokesman Rob Lamontagne said . They waived bail requests until a later court date . At one point , Magistrate Judge Marianne Bowler admonished Phillipos , "  I suggest you pay attention to me , rather than looking down . " Tazhayakov and Kadyrbayev appear in a photograph with Dzhokhar Tsarnaev taken in New York 's Times Square during an earlier visit . They were taken into custody last month on charges that they had violated the terms of their student visas , Kadyrbayev attorney Stahl said last week . All three were questioned at length on April 19 , when the manhunt for Tsarnaev was in full swing . Tsarnaev 's brother Tamerlan had been killed in a gun battle with police early that morning , while Tsarnaev was captured alive but badly wounded that night . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is being treated for gunshot wounds at a federal Bureau of Prisons medical center in Devens , Massachusetts . About a month before the marathon attack , Tsarnaev had told Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov "  that he knew how to make a bomb , " according to an FBI affidavit recounting the charges . Kadyrbayev told investigators that Tsarnaev "  appeared to have given himself a short haircut " two days after the bombings . Carjacking victim recalls experience Kadyrbayev 's lawyer Robert Stahl said his client "  did not have anything to do " with the bombing and disputed charges that he tried to obstruct the investigation . And Harlan Protass , who represents Tazhayakov , said his client "  has cooperated fully with the authorities and looks forward to the truth coming out in this case . " On Wednesday , he said Kadyrbayev was accused of a "  technical violation " of a student visa "  for not regularly attending classes . " Federal law enforcement sources said at the time that the Kazakh students were being detained "  in an abundance of caution " because authorities wanted detailed information on the Tsarnaevs ' movements in the weeks and days before the attack . Phillipos faces up to eight years in prison if convicted , along with a $ 250,000 fine ; the charges against Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov carry sentences of up to five years and $ 250,000 in fines . Alan Dershowitz , a prominent defense attorney and Harvard law professor , called the obstruction charge "  weak , " suggesting it was meant to pressure the suspects into providing more information on Tsarnaev . "  If that 's the best the feds have now , then they 're just squeezing , " Dershowitz told CNN . "  It does n't sound like they have very much new here . " Early discussion of avoiding the death penalty One of the reasons Kadyrbayev drew investigators ' attention was because of changes to his Facebook page , a source briefed on the Boston probe said . Kadyrbayev and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev changed their profile photos within 15 minutes of each other in the pre-dawn hours of April 19 , while the Tsarnaevs were on the run , the source said . Tsarnaev , who appears to have had access to a wireless device at that time , changed his to a black-and-white photo , while Kadyrbayev changed his photo to one of him wearing an Iron Man mask , the source said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Deborah Feyerick , Gloria Borger , Carol Cratty , Jake Tapper , Brian Todd , Pamela Brown , Kathleen Johnston and Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	Three friends of Boston bomb suspect face federal charges Lawyers say their clients have cooperated with investigators They 're accused of taking items from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's dorm room Tsarnaev texted friends , "  Come to my room and take whatever you want "
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored for the 12th successive Spanish league match on Sunday to prevent Barcelona falling to a second defeat this season , while Mario Balotelli made the headlines on his return to Italy . Barca 's 1-1 draw at Valencia meant the club 's La Liga lead was trimmed to nine points by Atletico Madrid , who later beat Real Betis 1-0 , but it moved the Catalans 16 points clear of third-placed Real Madrid . Stand-in Barca boss Jordi Roura was satisfied with the result following the midweek draw against Real in the first leg of the Spanish Cup semifinal . "  We 're coming off of a very tough match away to Madrid and that , from a physical standpoint , always wears you down , " said the assistant to coach Tito Vilanova , who was absent due to his ongoing cancer treatment . "  Valencia pressure you a lot and they do n't let you play . Their intensity made it difficult for us to play our game and it was hard for us to get close to their area . " Messi leveled with a penalty six minutes before halftime after Valencia 's goalscorer Evar Banega fouled Pedro . It was the four-time world player of the year 's 34th league goal in 22 games . Banega had put sixth-placed Valencia ahead in the 33rd minute after a failed clearance by Gerard Pique . Roura paid tribute to goalkeeper Victor Valdes , who has been in fine form despite announcing he will not be extending his contract at the Camp Nou -- in particular denying Roberto Soldado a goal at the end . "  He 's the best keeper for us . This Sunday he showed that he 's at a fantastic level and he denied Valencia the winning goal . While he 's with us , he 'll help us , " Roura said . Barca could also have snatched a victory , but David Villa missed a golden opportunity to mark his 100th first-team appearance after coming on as a substitute . Fourth-placed Malaga spurned the chance to close the gap on Real after drawing 1-1 with Real Zaragoza , but Betis stayed a point behind in fifth after Diego Costa 's 61st-minute winner for Atletico . In Italy , Juventus moved three points clear at the top of Serie A with a 2-1 win at Chievo but the big story of the day was Balotelli 's controversial debut for AC Milan . The former Manchester City striker put his side 1-0 up with a left-foot volley after 25 minutes against Udinese , who leveled through Giampiero Pinzi . However , Balotelli had the final say with a trademark penalty in the fourth minute of time added on after Stephan El Shaarawy went down under what looked like a fair tackle from Thomas Heurtaux . It lifted Milan to fourth in the table on goal difference above city rivals Internazionale . Balotelli 's former club crashed to a 3-1 defeat at Siera , while third-placed Lazio lost 3-2 at Genoa . In Germany , two-time defending champions Borussia Dortmund moved above Bayer Leverkusen into second place after winning their clash 3-2 . Dortmund led 2-0 in side 10 minutes but the home side leveled with two goals in four second-half minutes from midfielder Stefan Reinartz before Poland striker Robert Lewandowski struck the winner from close range just 60 seconds later . Dortmund could afford to miss a penalty by Poland midfielder Jakub Blaszczykowski , who had scored in the first half , but trail Bayern Munich by 12 points with 14 games to play . Seventh-placed Borussia Monchengladbach 's European hopes suffered a blow with a 2-1 defeat by fifth-from-bottom Nuremberg .	Sunday 's 1-1 draw with Valencia leaves Barcelona nine points clear in Spain Lionel Messi equalizes in the 39th minute with a penalty for his 34th league goal Mario Balotelli scores twice on his debut for AC Milan in 2-1 win at home to Udinese Former Manchester City striker scores controversial winning penalty in time added on
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The death toll continues to rise from devastating flooding in southeastern Pakistan , with authorities saying Friday that 107 children are among the 434 people killed . Roughly 660,000 people are living in refugee camps in the wake of high waters that have wrought havoc for several weeks , Pakistan 's national disaster authority said in a statement . This is fewer than the 700,000 reported by the same agency just over a week ago . About 8.9 million people have been affected by the floods , which have destroyed 1.5 million homes in 37,000 villages in Sindh province alone , according to the statement . This marks the second straight year that Pakistan has seen deadly flooding . In August 2010 , more than 20 million people were displaced and 1,700 people killed . The latest disaster has lasted longer than a month and caused an estimated $ 9.7 billion in damage to homes , roads and farms . The United Nations warned Friday that humanitarian aid is running out in the hard-hit region . This comes two weeks after the international organization and its partners launched an effort to raise $ 357 million to help those most affected -- of which only $ 19 million has been received , the U.N. said on its website . Safe drinking water and emergency shelter materials could run out within weeks , while agencies on the ground have enough food for a month for the hundreds of thousands affected . "  It is tragic to see families displaced from the floods with no shelter and barely enough to survive on , " said Fawad Hussein , a U.N. official focused on flood relief . "  These families worry their children will go hungry , and without access to safe drinking water , they fear they will become sick from drinking contaminated water . "	107 of the 434 killed in the flooding are children , the government says The floods affect about 8.9 million people and destroyed at least 1.5 million homes The U.N. has raised $ 19 million of the $ 357 million it 's seeking to help in the crisis The world body warns that humanitarian agencies are running out of aid
CNN  -- It was n't so long ago that orange fell off the home decor color wheel . After a decade of being associated with popular appliance colors like "  avocado green " and "  harvest gold "  ah , the '70s  , orange became outdated and was quietly dropped from the roster . But , as Mark Woodman , the president of the Color Marketing Group points out , a color as bold as orange is never gone for good .  He should know . The Color Marketing Group forecasts the colors major industries , manufacturers and services will use one to three years in advance . In recent home decor trends such as "  modern global " and the Chinoiserie revival , orange has been a key player in shades of pumpkin , cinnabar , terra cotta , vermillion and coral . "  The beauty of orange is its energetic appeal in almost all of its values , " Woodman said . Especially in its brighter spectrum , orange is considered fun , upbeat and unique , he said . But even as colors come and go in popular use  orange is already beginning to cycle down in popularity , with cooler blues taking the forefront in design and color news  , orange always comes to mind as the weather cools down . "  Fall decorating will often take its clues from the natural world , " Woodman said . "  As leaves change color , we are introduced to a collection of reds , browns , golds and , of course , oranges . Of them all , the orange seems most to be the last vestige of summer joy . So it becomes a bridge color , hovering between the golds and browns with a hint of the past season marrying the coming season . " Perhaps it wo n't be so easy to let go of our orange decor as fabric and furniture trends continue to evolve , Woodman said . While orange is the natural complement to the brand new blues soon to be seen in the home furnishing aisles of major retailers , the real future of the hue , Woodman said , is metallic : Think "  copper . " "  It is poised to be the metal to embrace in coming years and will keep orange alive , " he said . "  In the end , orange has been embraced by so many that we wo n't want to see it go , " Woodman said . "  It may step back for a bit and become more subtle , but we will always want its bit of fun and energy . " Want to add orange to your home 's color palette ? Here are anecdotes and advice from this week 's Open House contributors : Take inexpensive risks "  If you 're afraid to use color in your home , choose an inexpensive way to add color like pillows or bedding . These things can be replaced  more  easily and effortlessly than , say , an expensive orange couch or chair . Using neutral elements like gray curtains and white walls gives a bold color a resting place so that the room is n't too overwhelming . It also keeps the look fresh . " -- Holly Modica , Old Lyme , Connecticut Less is more "  Pair orange with cooler colors , and use it more as an accent to add a small dose . It also works well with metals : copper , gold and brass . With black or darker colors , orange can be a bit too ` heavy . ' " -- Emily Clark , Charlotte , North Carolina Mix it up "  My husband loves bright orange , not the muted fall orange , because bright orange is represented in his school colors . I fell in love with the color , too , and wanted it somewhere else in our home . I love the combo of pink , gold and orange , and that 's what inspired me to paint the little box under our coffee table in that color combination . It is eye catching to say the least . While it 's not for everyone , I have to say that I love it . " -- Julie Konya Alicia Stewart contributed to this report .	Orange was once a dreaded color for decorating , but it is making a comeback Color expert Mark Woodman : Orange is fun and denotes energy iReporter : "  Chose an inexpensive way to add color like pillows or bedding "
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama wished the nation a happy Thanksgiving on Thursday and also used his weekly address to renew his call for bipartisan cooperation on addressing major issues facing the nation . In the remarks usually delivered on a Saturday , Obama said the first family will have the same kind of holiday experienced by millions of Americans -- filled with friends and relatives , good food and football . "  And just as folks have done in every Thanksgiving since the first , we 'll spend some time taking stock of what we 're thankful for : the God-given bounty of America and the blessings of one another , " the president said . He called for Americans to think about those less fortunate and saluted the "  countless " Americans serving their country and communities , from soldiers on guard around the world to volunteers at local soup kitchens and food pantries . On Wednesday , the first family spent an hour handing out Thanksgiving dinner packages to people at Martha 's Table , a local aid organization . Such service is "  emblematic of what Americans have always done , " Obama said in his weekly address . "  We come together and do what 's required to make tomorrow better than today , " he said . "  That 's who we are . " That means supporting the nation 's soldiers and working together to help spur faster economic recovery from the recession , he said . "  But we wo n't do it as any one political party , " he said . "  We 've got to do it as one people . And in the coming weeks and months , I hope that we can work together , Democrats and Republicans and independents alike , to make progress on these and other issues . " Noting his scheduled meeting on Tuesday with congressional leaders from both parties , Obama said it was time for "  a real and honest discussion -- because I believe that if we stop talking at one another and start talking with one another , we can get a lot done . " "  For what we are called to do again today is n't about Democrats or Republicans , " he said . "  It 's not about left or right . It 's about us . It 's about what we know this country is capable of . It 's about what we want America to be in this new century . "	The president uses his weekly address to wish Americans a happy Thanksgiving Obama calls the holiday one of counting blessings and helping others The first family helped distribute Thanksgiving food packages on Wednesday
CNN  -- This month , Richard Quest takes a break from life on the road , to look back at some of the Quest show 's high points from 2007 -- it was another year of unforgettable encounters , in far-flung places . Richard meets U.S. President Jimmy Carter during Quest for Peace . The year began with a search for poise and rhythm -- the art of dancing . We soon discovered that Quest was no Fred Astaire . Yet , with the help of some of the world 's best movers and shakers , he managed to Cha Cha and Rumba his way onto the television phenomenon "  Dancing with the Stars " , in front of 10,000 people . On his journey towards this terrifying finale , inspiration came from award-winning choreographer Twyla Tharp and Patrick Swayze , the actor who will always be known for dirty dancing . Quest for dance " Back in March , the show turned its attention to the plight of the environment . With the likes of Al Gore campaigning his way to a Noble Peace Prize , Quest set out to grapple with some of the key issues . For that , he travelled to the forests of Cameroon , in the heart of the Congo Basin -- indigenous people , wildlife and logging companies all compete for dwindling resources and as Quest discovers , time is running out . Watch Quest for the environment " On Quest for Rock 'n' Roll , it became clear that the music was only part of the story -- it 's what lies behind it , that 's equally important . It is a genre that speaks of freedom and rebellion -- an important voice to challenge the status quo . This spirit was perfectly epitomized by movie actress Juliette Lewis who has swapped Hollywood for a life on the road with her band . There is , of course , a dark side to the industry that could n't be ignored -- Nikki Sixx of the 80s band Motley Crue , gave us a fascinating insight into the self-destructive nature of the cliched lifestyle that so nearly killed him . Watch Quest for rock 'n' roll " When it came to getting answers about the Oscar campaign in 2007 , Hollywood 's red carpets were the perfect hunting ground . Throughout the long award season , Quest met many of the stars for whom it has , would or will mean so much to win one of those coveted gold statues . It was though , an afternoon tea with Jeremy Irons that gave the best insight into the magic of "  Oscar . " Watch Quest for Oscar " November took Quest on a journey to meet the extraordinary men and women who dedicate their lives to promoting world peace . He met former leaders like Jimmy Carter and Mikhail Gorbachev and joined the UN 's peace-keeping forces on the streets of Timor-Leste . Watch Quest for peace " Among the celebrity activists , actress Mia Farrow has put her name , reputation and personal safety firmly on the frontline , to help end the bloody tribal conflict in Sudan 's Darfur region -- she is testament to what one passionate individual can achieve to bring hope to those blighted by war . The final part of the show tackles the concept of exploration . Frostbite , exhaustion and broken bones are just some of the perils endured by the great explorers as they go to the ends of the Earth to further our knowledge . The unique make-up of people like Sir Ranulph Fiennes , Sylvia Earle and Mike Horn , is what turns ordinary men and women into human machines . It turns our normal curiosity into their insatiable drive to discover . Watch Quest for exploration " Eager for his own adventure , Quest takes off to the Himalayas of Tibet in search of a remote monastery , 4,500 meters in the sky . Despite having experienced Chinese explorer Wong How Man by his side , we wonder whether Quest will be able to face up to the harsh realities of an explorer 's life ? Find out in this month 's Best of Quest . E-mail to a friend	"  Best of Quest " revisits some of the highlights of the show during 2007 Quest learned to dance with Patrick Swayze , learned to rock with Nikki Sixx Quest tackled the plight of the environment , met peacemakers Gorbachev , Carter Travels also gave Quest a taste for adventure as he tackled a Himalayan summit
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Salma Hayek 's brother was driving a car that crashed Sunday , killing a passenger , police said . Sami Hayek , 40 , suffered several broken ribs and a cut to his head , while the 20-year-old driver of a pickup that collided with Hayek 's sports car was left with a broken foot , a Los Angeles police statement said Monday . A 43-year-old man from Mexico who was riding in the passenger seat of Hayek 's 2006 Ford GT "  sustained major blunt-force trauma to his body " and was pronounced dead at the scene of the crash , the police report said . The coroner had not released the man 's name Monday because his family had not been notified . Hayek , who is a furniture designer based in Los Angeles , was driving east on Sunset Boulevard in the Bel Air community of Los Angeles when he lost control and crossed into the westbound lanes , police said . A 2011 Toyota Tacoma truck crashed into Hayek 's car . Hayek was being treated Monday in a Los Angeles hospital . No charges have been filed . CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this report .	A 43-year-old man from Mexico was killed in the wreck , police say Sami Hayek , 40 , received several broken ribs and a cut to his head Hayek lost control of his sports car and drove into oncoming traffic , police say
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The Bartendaz of New York want to serve as many young people as possible -- and that 's a good thing . One of the Bartendaz , Metaphysics , performs the flag move during a demonstration at an Atlanta-area school . These fitness gurus are n't promoting underage drinking . Named for the creative moves they perform on the pull-up bar , the Bartendaz are empowering youths through calisthenics . By ditching free weights and weight machines in favor of using their own body weight on the bar and the floor , the Bartendaz have developed a series of acrobatic strength exercises that have sparked attention on YouTube and from such celebrity clients as rapper Ludacris and mixed martial arts champion Rashad Evans . Some members also earned a stint with New York 's Apollo Circus of Soul . But Bartendaz founder Hassan Yasin 's proudest achievement is his program 's impact on youths . "  My number one claim to fame -LSB- is -RSB- ... when I walk in the park and they 're not chilling on the benches , they 're at the bars , " said Yasin , 40 . "  All the guys that -LSB- were -RSB- hanging out there , taking up space , -LSB- are -RSB- now leaving because there 's too many youth coming back . " Dozens of New York City schools have adopted Bartendaz moves into their physical education programs through grass-roots networking , Yasin said . He believes the exercises resonate among students who have been otherwise tough to reach . See the Bartendaz in action " The Brooklyn Academy High School for at-risk students incorporated the program into its curriculum to motivate students to become more involved in physical education , said principal Elaine Lindsey . But the kids love it so much , she said , that it became "  a tool to motivate the students to actually come to school . " The minimal equipment makes it financially and logistically accessible without the need of a gym . And the use of body weight , instead of free weights , keeps it safe for young bodies , said Dr. Stephen Sanders , the director of the School of Physical Education and Exercise Science at the University of South Florida . As a general rule , children should not lift heavy weights until after puberty , when their muscles are more mature , said Sanders , who is not affiliated with the Bartendaz . The Brooklyn Academy was unable to afford the Bartendaz visits this year , which Yasin says cost about $ 400 to $ 600 per session for 25 to 30 students . But , Lindsey said , "  Once they mastered it here , they could always do it -LSB- at -RSB- home or anywhere . " The Bartendaz have also found success teaching juvenile and adult inmates at Rikers Island , the New York jail facility -- an idea met with resistance about five years ago . " ` Do n't bring fitness in there . They 're in jail , what are you doing ? ' " Yasin said , quoting early critics . "  I said , ` It 's like stress management . Give us an opportunity to present it . ' Once we presented it , that was it . We started putting bars in the yard so the young men can work out . " "  They put us in the worst buildings , the most violent , and we became a breath of fresh air because there -LSB- are -RSB- no organizations going inside . So for one to come inside , it gives ... the inmates the opportunity to come out and say , ` Let me listen to what they have to offer . And now I can get out of my cell , ' " Yasin said . Learning from someone who 's been there This was n't Yasin 's first experience with the New York City Department of Corrections . A native of Manhattan 's Lower East Side , he spent four years behind bars in his early 20s and did time at a juvenile facility at age 17 , both for drug-related charges . After his release in the early 1990s , Yasin cleaned up his act and became a motivational speaker -- talking to New York youths about substance abuse awareness , conflict resolution , gang prevention and leadership -- which evolved into his nonprofit , Giant Thinking . Meanwhile , he was honing his acrobatic skills on the pull-up bars at local parks , and eventually gained a following and partners-in-training . Having built up respect from teachers and administrators at New York City schools , Yasin and his team were tasked with developing a program to get kids to stop cutting gym class . "  The ultimate thing was ... how can we do this in a way we do n't have to use a whole bunch of equipment ? " said Dr. G  short for Dr. Goodbody  , one of the Bartendaz whom Yasin consulted in developing the school initiative . "  So the concept of anytime , anywhere exercises came about . " Today , as the Bartendaz visit schools and other facilities , they divide their time between spreading the positive messages of Giant Thinking and the fitness training of Bartendaz . The model effectively held the attention of students at Crossroads Second Chance South . Through a partnership with Atlanta , Georgia , nonprofit Next Century Youth , the Bartendaz recently held a series of demonstrations in the Atlanta area , including Crossroads South , an alternative high school for students who have been expelled . After high-fiving one another for successfully naming 10 fruits that promote good health , the Crossroads South students gave a standing ovation for their classmates as they joined the Bartendaz for compound moves on the pull-up bar and on the floor for pushups . Exercising at the pull-up bar brings a camaraderie that you do n't see among weight lifters , Yasin said . " -LSB- You see -RSB- healthy competition and a lot of smiling going on , versus the aggression " involved in weight lifting , Yasin said . There 's "  nothing to talk about when you 're lifting weights . They 're dead serious . " Crossroads South PE teacher Rachelle Bradley said she hoped to work further with the Bartendaz to incorporate their moves into her teaching . "  It 's very practical , not something structured . ... Our students do n't like structure , and this is more creative , " Bradley said . Bartendaz fan Justin Kemp , 18 , found the group on YouTube about a year ago and took on its exercise techniques soon after . Before long , he went from doing three pushups during television commercial breaks to being able to do 100 to 150 consecutively , he said . "  I feel challenged , " Kemp said . "  I love when I 'm challenged because ... it keeps me on top of my game . "	Bartendaz perform compound fitness moves using a pull-up bar , body weight With limited equipment , the exercises are financially and logistically accessible Group also stresses gang prevention , leadership , substance abuse awareness
CNN  Bad news , Benedict Cumberbatch fans : The Oscar nominee is officially off the market . The star of "  The Imitation Game " and "  The Hobbit " married pregnant fiancee Sophie Hunter on Saturday in a quiet ceremony on the British Isle of Wight . "  Benedict and Sophie were married yesterday surrounded by their close friends and family , " Cumberbatch 's representative Karon Maskill told CNN . "  It was a magical day . " Everyone 's favorite modern "  Sherlock " announced his engagement the old-fashioned way -- in the newspaper -- back in November . The "  Star Trek Into Darkness " actor , who has a massive following online , is expected to attend the Oscars next Sunday , where he is nominated for best actor for "  The Imitation Game . " Hunter is a British playwright , actress and singer , known for directing theater productions .	Cumberbatch married pregnant fiancee Sophie Hunter Cumberbatch has a massive following of fans online
CNN  -- It 's not a fun way to end a dream vacation . Dozens of passengers on a four-night cruise aboard a Royal Caribbean cruise ship became sick with a stomach illness , according to a company statement . The Majesty of the Seas docked in Miami Friday after a Caribbean journey that included port calls at Nassau and CocoCay , Bahamas , and Key West , Florida . Sixty-six of the more than 2,500 passengers aboard experienced gastrointestinal issues , such as vomiting and diarrhea , Royal Caribbean International said . Two of the more than 800 crew members also fell ill , the company said . The cruise line suspects the cause to be norovirus , according to the company 's statement . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta describes norovirus as a very contagious bug that can be spread by infected persons , in contaminated food or water , or through contact with contaminated surfaces . The CDC says norovirus affects nearly 20 million people in the U.S. each year , and results in between 570 to 800 deaths . The cruise line said passengers affected by the illness had responded well to over-the-counter medication administered on board the ship . The company said it enhanced cleaning on board the ship during the cruise to help prevent the spread of the illness . After the ship docked , the company said it "  conducted an extensive and thorough sanitizing on board the ship and within the cruise terminal , to help prevent any illness from affecting the next sailing . " Five things we 've learned about cruising Passengers who boarded The Majesty of the Seas Friday received a letter asking if they had experienced any gastrointestinal symptoms within the last three days . Those who felt uncomfortable were allowed to reschedule their trip , the cruise line said . This is the latest setback to hit the cruise industry . Last May , a fire broke out on the Royal Caribbean 's Grandeur of the Seas cruise ship , forcing passengers to fly home . In February , an engine-room fire left the Carnival Triumph adrift in the Gulf of Mexico . After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ?	Two crew members were among those sickened Norovirus is suspected as cause of illness during Caribbean cruise The Majesty of Seas was on four-day journey
CNN  -- The Los Angeles Times headline said it all : "  Rep. Paul Ryan Fails to Close Republican Divide . " When this became Ryan 's job , or whether his now "  controversial " Wall Street Journal op-ed was even an attempt at doing that , is anyone 's guess . But once again , Republicans have decided to cannibalize themselves viciously and needlessly instead of uniting over common goals . To be clear , the divide on the right is n't over policy . No Republican I 've met thinks Obamacare is good legislation . No one is suggesting capitulation on the debt ceiling . Everyone wants spending cuts , entitlement reform and deficit reduction . Where we 're divided is over tactics . Incidentally , Ryan hinted at this in September to Politico : "  Yeah , there 's a bit of frustration . ... We all believe the same thing , we all want to achieve the same goal , and so we should n't be questioning each other 's conservatism over tactical disagreements . " Guess no one on Team Ted Cruz got that message . After Ryan 's op-ed , which pushed for a strong-willed fight for entitlement reform in exchange for raising the debt ceiling , failed to mention the unholiest of Tea Party holies , Obamacare , he was nailed to a proverbial cross by Ted Cruz defenders , who then immediately told everyone at Golgotha -- or on Twitter -- of his betrayal . Cruz speechwriter Amanda Carpenter tweeted , "  There is one big word missing from this op-ed . It 's start  sic  with an O and ends with BAMACARE . " Heritage Action spokesman Dan Holler was similarly snarky : "  Much like White House press , Paul Ryan does n't mention Obamacare in WSJ oped . #shutdown . " Over on Red State , Daniel Horowitz posted the questions , "  So we are going to ditch the fight over Obamacare , which is extremely unpopular , to fight for Medicare reform ? Really , Paul Ryan ? And they think we are politically stupid ? " Now , nowhere in Ryan 's op-ed does he suggest ditching the fight over Obamacare . As Cruz 's cheerleaders point out , Ryan does n't even mention the health care law . But the thing that defies logic  and good manners  is the necessity of this kind of puerile bullying . Ryan 's plan is n't in competition with or heretical to Cruz 's message . It 's simply another objective conservatives should fight for , both in the short term and the long term . Furthermore , the sniping is just unseemly , and frankly , Cruz 's defenders are only managing to make Ryan look like the grown-up . I do n't recall Ryan jumping into the fray when plenty of Republicans were criticizing the strategy to defund Obamacare -- a position by Cruz that I have applauded as heroic . When Sens. Bob Corker and Orrin Hatch and Rep. Peter King were scolding Cruz for a plan they knew was ill-fated , Ryan was virtually silent on the move . This , even though Cruz has never been shy about his disdain for Ryan Republicans . Back in March , Cruz criticized Ryan 's budget plan for its Medicare cuts . And he 's made it clear he does n't trust Ryan when it comes to budget negotiations . It 's hard to argue that Ryan is n't a staunch conservative . To treat him like a traitor is preposterous and unproductive . And while I admire Cruz 's conviction , and stand by his commitment to peel back a program as odious and ruinous as the Affordable Care Act , he has to learn to work with others on his own team . The Los Angeles Times headline is n't accurate . Instead of reading "  Rep. Paul Ryan Fails to Close Republican Divide " it should read "  Team Cruz Rips Republicans Apart . Again . " If he keeps it up , he 'll lose people like me who are with him on the policy , but quickly losing patience for his tactics . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E. Cupp .	S.E. Cupp : Paul Ryan 's proposal on entitlements has been attacked by Ted Cruz backers She says Ryan is pursuing the worthy goal of reforming entitlement programs Cupp supports Cruz 's effort to defund Obamacare but says Ryan 's plan is n't in conflict She says GOP should n't get locked into internal battle over tactics
New York  CNN  -- Now goalkeeper for the New York Red Bulls , as a child growing up in Senegal , Bouna Coundoul could only dream of being a professional footballer . At the age of 14 Coundoul was sent to study in the unfamiliar surroundings of New York . But his passion for football followed him across the Atlantic . "  When I moved from Senegal to the United States in 1997 , I did n't know that in the United States they played soccer -- all I thought is basketball or whatever , " he says . "  So coming here and seeing that soccer is well developed here , I went to high school . " Coundoul 's shot-stopping talents started flourishing in his new environment . He soon made a splash on the local football scene as a talented goalie while playing in high school . "  In the United States , education can open the doors of any opportunity that you want , so when I went to high school , people started seeing , ` oh this guy has some talent , this guy can make it . ' " In 2005 he fulfilled his dream of competing at the top level by signing for American Major League Soccer  MLS  team the Colorado Rapids . These days he sports the red and white colors of the New York Red Bulls , whose fans have taken him to their hearts . On match days , a certain catch phrase can often be heard echoing around the team 's imposing stadium : "  It 's Bouna Time . " It 's a phrase Coundoul lives by , defining his attitude toward both football and life . "  The way I see it , the way I kind of come up with it  is to  be the best on the field , " he explains . "  Whatever you do in life , as long as it 's positive , it can be Bouna Time . " "  Try to do everything at your max so after , later on , you do n't regret anything . That 's why Bouna Time is all about  being  positive . " Coundoul says he 's developed a special relationship with his team 's fans : "  As soon as I step on the field ... you can hear it . ` What time is it ? It 's Bouna Time . ' And that really makes me feel like , OK , these guys are on my side , they really believe in me . "  I make sure I give them a good show so every time they come , they know it 's going to be Bouna Time . " Now a teammate of French football legend Thierry Henry , Coundoul says he cherishes the moments he 's on the same field as some of the sport 's biggest names . "  Thierry Henry , David Beckham , Rafael Marquez , Samuel Eto'o -- all those guys that back in the day I used to sit and dream and watch those guys play , now we 're in the same field , playing with those guys , or against them , " he says . "  I think that 's a dream come true . Any soccer player would love to have that opportunity . " Coundoul 's eye-catching performances in the MLS have also earned him a place in Senegal 's national team . "  I represent it with pride , with honor , " he says . "  I want to serve the country the best way possible , which is playing soccer . " In 2007 he found another way to help his country on a deeper level , with the creation of the Bouna Time Academy , which provides after-school football training for some 60 children , and organizes matches for them at the weekend . But Coundoul says that only top students are accepted by the academy . He wants the young athletes to understand that while few of them will have the chance to be professional footballers , their education can take them anywhere . "  I tell them , once you get your education , anything is possible , " he says . "  Even if you do n't become a professional soccer player , you can become the next president . "  If you get your education , you can travel , you can read , you can do everything you want to do , and you can carry yourself in a way that they say , ` this guy is professional all the time . ' "	Bouna Coundoul is New York Red Bulls ' Senegalese goalkeeper He moved to the U.S. aged 14 , where his talents were spotted in high school He 's created the ` Bouna Time Academy ' in Senegal
Paris  CNN  -- A former fashion model who posed in a provocative ad campaigning against anorexia has died in France , her acting teacher said . Isabelle Caro , who was widely reported to be 28 years old , gained attention when she posed nude for the 2007 ad , which was featured on a billboard . The huge photo shows her gaunt body , with her back to the camera and her ribs visible , above the words "  No Anorexia . " News of her death was reported in European news outlets on Wednesday and Thursday , but Caro died last month , her acting teacher , Daniele Gouzard-Dubreuil Prevot , said . She said she did not know how Caro died and said Caro 's father told her that Caro died on November 17 and was buried on November 24 . Vincent Bigler , a Swiss singer , said he received an e-mail from Caro in September . "  Isabelle told me she had been hospitalized for 15 days with acute respiratory disease , " he said . He has not spoken with Caro 's family and said he learned of her death through Facebook and from mutual friends . Caro 's agent , Sylvie Fabregon , said she learned of Caro 's death through the news media . In 2008 , Caro released an autobiography called "  The Little Girl Who Did Not Want to Get Fat . " In it , she described the debut of her disease when she was 12 , and talked about her battle against death , according to a summary of the book on the publisher 's website . She also denounced the "  Pro-Ana " movement , whose supporters claim that anorexia is not a disease but a choice and a lifestyle . On what appears to be Caro 's Facebook page , listed under "  Philosophy " are the words "  the best is yet to come . " In the introduction of her blog , which she called "  Anorexia or the hunger to live , take a step toward healing , " Caro appeared to describe herself as "  a little invisible snowflake in a strong blizzard who is fighting , fighting to finally live , despite years of suffering , and who is crying out to the entire world to say that anorexia is a hell from which you must escape while you still have time . "	Isabelle Caro 's emaciated image called attention to anorexia in 2007 A friend said she had been hospitalized recently with respiratory disease News of her death just surfaced , but she died last month , her acting teacher says
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- The park bench facing Lake Washington is covered with flowers , poems , a pack of Lucky Strike cigarettes and graffiti . Fans leave flowers and mementos in honor of Kurt Cobain near his Seattle home . "  I miss your beautiful face and voice , " one dedication reads . "  Thank you for inspiring me , " says another . "  RIP Kurt . " Fifteen years ago Wednesday , at a house adjacent to the park , Kurt Cobain 's dead body was discovered by an electrician . The Nirvana frontman , 27 , had committed suicide , police later ruled , killing himself with a shotgun while high on heroin and pills . His death ended a battle with hard drugs and added Cobain to a long list of legendary musicians , such as Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin , whose careers were cut short by their addictions . Cobain 's ashes were reportedly scattered in a Washington state river and a New York Buddhist temple . Nirvana band mates Krist Novoselic and Dave Grohl eventually formed other bands . Cobain 's widow , Courtney Love , stayed in the limelight with an acting career and legal problems surrounding her own drug problems . Frances Bean , the couple 's daughter , has largely lived outside the public eye . What was unclear when Cobain died was whether the music Nirvana created would endure or fade away like the grunge craze it helped to inspire . "  At one point I thought , 15 years on , no one would really know who Kurt Cobain was outside of a group of diehard fans , " said Jeff Burlingame , a Cobain biographer who grew up with the musician in Aberdeen , Washington , and knew him when he was a teenager who , without a place to sleep , crashed on mutual friends ' couches . But Nirvana 's music endured , and Cobain even found fans in his hometown of Aberdeen , which he had derided as a small-minded town . "  The old-timers who were there when Kurt was around really took offense to some of the things he said about the area , so they had no real reason to honor him , " said Burlingame , who co-founded the Kurt Cobain Memorial Committee . A famous son is a famous son , though . Now , visitors arriving in Aberdeen are greeted with a sign that reads "  Come As You Are , " after a famous Nirvana song . Cobain Memorial Committee members , who include Cobain 's paternal grandfather , hope to establish a community center in the late rocker 's honor that would give area youth a place to play music and pursue artistic interests . A concert will be held Friday in Seattle to honor Cobain and raise money for the center . When Cobain died , he left behind a fortune that was estimated in the millions . Even more money poured in over time from the royalties from his songs . But a lawyer hired by Love , Rhonda Holmes , says most of that money is missing . According to Holmes , Love recently discovered that "  managers , assistants , CPAs , lawyers , people like that who were supposed to be entrusted with carrying for their well-being and finances basically looted the estate . " Forensic accountants are now trying to determine where tens of millions of dollars from Cobain 's estate ended up and how it could be recovered , Holmes said .	Kurt Cobain died 15 years ago , a suicide at 27 Cobain , frontman for band Nirvana , has been influential in music Even his hometown has honored him ; Cobain had derided it Attorney for Courtney Love , Cobain 's widow , says many "  looted the estate "
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian officials are blaming the FARC guerrilla group for a car bombing late Sunday at a police station in Cali that killed two people and wounded at least 14 . Residents check out a destroyed police building after a car bombing Sunday night in Cali , Colombia . It was the second bombing in Colombia attributed to the Marxist guerrilla group in less than a week . An explosion at a Blockbuster video rental store in an upscale Bogota neighborhood Tuesday killed two and wounded more than 20 . The suspect in Sunday night 's attack was killed in a shootout with police after the explosion , Cali Mayor Jorge Ivan Ospina said Monday , hours after convening a special security meeting in the middle of the night . "  Although the explosive device only had moderate impact , " Ospina said on the Cali government Web site , "  we should not forget we are at war and the FARC has been committing terrorist acts in Bogota , Neiva , Cali and other cities in the country . That 's why we can not let our guard down , since they take advantage of Sundays and city centers , where control is more difficult . " The explosion came just hours after the rebel group released four hostages in what many interpreted as a gesture to reach a peace accord with the government . Two officials also are slated to be released this week . FARC , which is the Spanish acronym for Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , is the largest and oldest revolutionary group in the nation and has been at war with the government for more than 40 years . According to Ospina , a blue and red Renault 12 Break pickup crashed into the police headquarters in Cali at 10:38 p.m. and then exploded . The driver tried to flee but was felled by two shots from uniformed police and died a few hours later at a hospital , the mayor said . The explosion caused damage in a two-block area , the Cali news Web site Semana.com said . Five of the 14 wounded were minors , Ospina said , citing emergency director Laureano Quintero . The injured are suffering from fractures and other wounds not considered life-threatening , he said . Cali 's health minister , Alejandro Varela , said earlier 32 were wounded , including a pregnant woman who was in good condition . Others complained of hearing problems . The mayor 's office said the previous higher tally could be a result of people not wounded in the bombing but seeking medical attention to receive government help . Three police were wounded , including a major with a broken arm and an officer who had to have three fingers amputated on his left hand , said the police chief , Gustavo Adolfo Ricaurte Tapia . The bombing caused a temporary power outage , which made security more difficult for officials , said the news Web site Burladero.com . It was the fourth bombing in Cali in less than 42 months , Semana.com said . The latest bombing took place about five blocks from the Palace of Justice , which was blasted by a car bomb in August , killing four and wounding 26 . Police buildings were bombed in April 2007 and August 2006 . The earlier blast killed five and wounded 17 , Semana.com said . Security analysts say FARC has about 9,000 to 12,000 armed guerillas and several thousand supporters , mostly in rural areas . The guerrilla group was established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party . The guerrillas operate mostly in Colombia but have carried out extortion , kidnappings and other activities in Venezuela , Panama and Ecuador , according to the Federation of American Scientists Intelligence Resource Program . Authorities said Sunday night 's bomb contained 90 kilograms  198 pounds  of ammonium nitrate fertilizer and fuel , a commonly used explosive , Semana.com said . By comparison , the bomb that Timothy McVeigh used in the 1995 bombing in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , contained more than 2,800 kilos  6,200 pounds  of ammonium nitrate and diesel fuel .	Car bombing at police station in Cali , Colombia , kills two people , wounds at least 14 FARC rebels also blamed for last week 's bombing at video rental store in Bogota Suspect in Cali attack dies in shootout with police after blast , mayor says Cali explosion comes hours after FARC releases four hostages
CNN  -- Moments after a Florida A&M drum major 's parents asked that their son 's death due to hazing not be in vain , a Florida judge doled out punishment Friday to his roommate for his role in the death -- a sentence that does n't include time in prison . Rikki Wills is subject to a year of community control -- a form of house arrest -- and five years of probation , Ninth Judicial Circuit Court Judge Donald Myers , Jr. , ruled . The sentence came just over a month after Wills reached a plea deal with prosecutors , days before his trial was scheduled to start . He pleaded nolo contendere , or no contest , to a felony charge of hazing resulting in death and first-degree hazing , which is a misdemeanor . Shortly before Myers ruled , the 25-year-old Wills addressed Robert Champion 's parents . "  I just want to say to the family that I am very sorry for the loss of your son , " he said . At his lawyer 's advice , Wills ' comments were brief . But minutes earlier , both Pam and Robert Champion Sr. elaborated on their feelings after their son was beaten on a bus after a November 2011 football game in Orlando , Florida , as part of a band hazing ritual . The 26-year-old died "  within an hour " afterward , medical examiners reported . "  What if we could turn back the hand of time ? " Pam Champion told the court Friday . " ... What if one individual said , we can make them stop ? " She criticized those involved in the incident , who did n't step up in its immediate aftermath . "  Instead of speaking up ... they kept silent to protect themselves , " the victim 's mother said . The Champions , who live near Atlanta , have become outspoken advocates against hazing since their son 's death . This sentiment -- so more families do n't suffer like they have -- was the focus of Robert Champion Sr. 's courtroom remarks Friday . "  We 're losing too many young men , " he said . " ... Enough is enough . " Florida A&M 's band , known as the Marching 100 , is one of the top university marching bands in the United States , famed for its elaborate dance formations and innovative style incorporating popular music . But Champion 's death , and other reports of hazing , sullied its reputation . The university was put on a one-year probation in December for its handling of the incident , and the famed band was suspended for the 2012-13 school year . The school has said it is making reforms to address the problem of hazing both on and off campus , including requiring students to sign an anti-hazing pledge . Wills is not the only person charged in Champion 's death , nor the first to be sentenced . Twelve former students face manslaughter charges , attorneys familiar with the case said in March . Bryan Jones pleaded no contest in October 2012 to a charge of felony hazing resulting in death . He was sentenced to six months of community control , two years of supervised probation and 200 hours of community service .	Rikki Wills , 25 , is sentenced to 1 year of community control , 5 years probation He 'd been charged in the death of his FAMU roommate , Robert Champion Champion died after being beaten in a hazing ritual after a football game "  Enough is enough , " Champion 's father says
CNN  One of the biggest stars in mixed martial arts is wanted for questioning after a hit-and-run crash in New Mexico . Jon "  Bones " Jones , the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion , is wanted for "  his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident " Sunday morning , Albuquerque police said . A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident , police said . "  Officers attempted to contact Mr. Jones at his residence Sunday evening , but were unsuccessful , " Albuquerque police said in a statement . "  We have also reached out to his lawyer , but as of now , have not heard back . " Police stressed that they can not confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash . CNN Sports has reached out to Ultimate Fighting Championship and Jones ' attorney for comment . Jones , 27 , is arguably UFC 's biggest star in the sport 's most respected weight class . But he has also had his struggles . In January , Jones entered a drug rehabilitation center after testing positive for cocaine in a test administered by the Nevada Athletic Commission . He checked himself out of rehab after one day of treatment . Jones is scheduled to fight Anthony Johnson in UFC 187 on May 23 in Las Vegas .	Police say they ca n't confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash , which injured a pregnant woman Jones is the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion
CNN  -- This month marks the anniversary of many historical milestones in the continuing effort to guarantee equal rights to all Americans . The 19th Amendment was ratified on August 18 , 1920 , granting women the right to vote . On August 28 , 1963 , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. marched for civil rights and delivered his clarion call for a more just America on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington . And , 45 years ago Friday , President Lyndon Baines Johnson signed into law the historic 1965 Voting Rights Act . That law has proved to be one of the most successful civil rights laws in our nation 's history , extending to millions of Americans the right to vote and the opportunity to participate more fully in our democracy . In celebrating its 45th anniversary , we must also remember that passing the Voting Rights Act and other civil rights laws was no easy feat . After the Civil War , ratification of the 15th Amendment was supposed to extend voting rights regardless of "  race , color or previous condition of servitude , " meaning former African slaves would have the right to vote . But that promise was left unrealized because state legislatures  especially the southern states of the former Confederacy  expertly circumvented the Constitution and used "  Jim Crow " laws to ensure the continued disenfranchisement of African-Americans . Poll taxes , "  literacy tests " and blatant threats of violence depressed voter registration rates in black communities . Blacks attempting to register to vote were often brutally beaten . Many were killed . Then came Bloody Sunday . On March 7 , 1965 , about 600 peaceful civil rights workers were marching from Selma to Montgomery , Alabama . While attempting to cross the Edmund Pettis Bridge in Selma , these nonviolent activists were savagely beaten and bloodied by Alabama state troopers . The images of that brutality were displayed on TV and in newspapers throughout the country and around the globe . Those visuals are widely credited with shifting public opinion in favor of the nonviolent protesters and leading to the passage of the Voting Rights Act . LBJ  a Texan  and other national leaders showed amazing strength and courage by forging ahead with legislation that many in the South would have called an overreach of federal power . The civil rights movement awakened the nation 's conscience . Passage of the act signaled a new era of voting rights in the United States , finally enfranchising low-income blacks . It introduced federal oversight of elections to eliminate intimidation of minority voters and arbitrary registration requirements . The law directed the Department of Justice to challenge states ' use of poll taxes , and one year later , the Supreme Court responded by declaring such taxes unconstitutional violations of the 14th Amendment . Amendments to the Voting Rights Act in the 1970s introduced protections for language-minority citizens , and later amendments banned supposedly "  neutral " voting regulations that had racially disparate effects . The protections contained within the act , a century in the making , finally gave force and effect to many of the hard-fought gains of the Civil War . The Voting Rights Act is directly responsible for the election of dozens of African-American House members and the formation of the Congressional Black Caucus . Today , African-American voter registration rates are approaching those of whites in many areas , as are the rates of Latino voters . I wonder how the 1960s civil rights marchers would be treated by today 's new media : whether the powerful images they created through nonviolence could be edited to instead show a riotous crowd ; whether nightly opinionated "  journalists " could successfully portray them as mere lawbreakers . And , I wonder whether today 's political leaders would have the same courage as those serving in 1965 . Recall that it was n't in Johnson 's political interest to forge ahead on civil rights policies , but it was the right thing to do for the country . It seems doubtful that today 's elected leaders would take such a stand , especially in light of the growing chorus of Republican lawmakers questioning the citizenship provision in the 14th Amendment . States today are also fashioning new ways to restrain voting rights . Georgia , for example , relies on outdated and inaccurate information to verify the citizenship status of Georgians registering to vote . The Department of Justice concluded that the program improperly harms minority voters . Rather than repair its program , Georgia elected to sue the federal government in hopes of continuing to use its flawed process . A heavily disputed law now on the books in Indiana forces voters to show government-issued photo ID , which is inconvenient and expensive to obtain , keeping many low-income people from casting a vote . Other states have enacted similar laws or have simply refused to comply with federal demands , perhaps betting that they are unlikely to face reprimand from an overburdened federal government . This year , an election administrator in Texas -- a state employee -- publicly mocked the Voting Rights Act 's language minority protections , telling an audience that poll workers should simply speak in slow , broken English to Spanish-speaking voters . The administrator was fired . We know that the promise of equality enshrined in our Constitution , and brought to bear by the Voting Rights Act , falls victim even today to ideological skirmishes and petty politics . But honoring the anniversary of the Voting Rights Act means acknowledging these remaining challenges and committing ourselves to addressing them . Just as it was 45 years ago that when Jim Crow was the law of the land . The right of every citizen to vote is too fundamental to the health of our democracy to be wielded as a political cudgel or traded away in favor of other , fleeting interests . This month , as we stop to appreciate and celebrate the efforts of generations past , we know that our reach towards meaningful equality -- that goal that Justice Thurgood Marshall once called only a "  distant dream " -- grows stronger with each voter registered and every ballot cast . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Amendment passed after Civil War was supposed to guarantee former slaves right to vote In reality , states found ways to deny people voting rights , says Donna Brazile Passage of the Voting Rights Act in 1965 finally ensured the right to vote , she says Brazile : States today are fashioning new ways to deny voting rights
EW.com  -- After nearly a week of high-heeled dancing , Vaseline-covered teeth , and skillfully concealed hostility , the glitter has finally settled over Atlantic City -- and 24-year-old Nina Davuluri of Syracuse , New York has been named the latest in a long line of all-American beauty queens . Davuluri is n't just the second consecutive pageant winner from the Empire State -- she 's also the first woman of Indian descent to snag the crown . Obviously , congratulations are in order -- but Nina 's not the only one who deserves a little recognition . Check out my list of alternate-category winners , and feel free to add your own ... as long as you deliver them with a blindingly white smile . Most Auspicious Name : Miss Alabama , a.k.a. Chandler Champion . Then again , maybe not ; she did n't even make it to the semi-finals . Weirdest Intro Joke : "  Listening to your phone calls from the nation 's capital . Just kidding ! I 'm Miss District of Columbia , Bindhu Pamarthi . " Runner Up : "  From the home of fast horses and beautiful women -- better not get those two things confused . I am Jenna Day , Miss Kentucky ! " Best Sports : Misses Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , and Nevada . Other girls got to dance on Atlantic City 's boardwalk or the deck of a swanky boat ; this group had to pretend they were super pumped to deliver their intros inside the White House sub shop .  And not even the location that serves salads ! Most Shameless Plug : "  From the home of Nashville , the country music capital of the world and the hit ABC show , I 'm Shelby Thompson , Miss Tennessee . " Clumsiest Attempt at Cultural Literacy : "  I 'm not breaking bad , I 'm breaking through . Say my name ! Alexis Duprey , Miss New Mexico . " EW : Bikinis , tattoos , lobster high heels , and more style secrets from the Miss America pageant Greatest Achievement in Passive Aggression : "  Our Utah Jazz sure are n't bringing home the championship . Guess It 's up to me ! Ciera Pekarcik , Miss Utah . " Most Anonymous Experts : The team of pros who judged the pageant 's preliminary rounds . Sorry , guys -- if the hosts had actually said your names on camera , Mario Cantone would have had barely any time to mug . Loosest Definition of the Term "  Celebrity Judging Panel " : Here 's our roll call : Lance Bass , who shot for the moon but landed in Atlantic City ; the aforementioned Mr. Cantone ; Dr. Deidre Downs Gunn , a.k.a. Miss America 2005  so it really is a scholarship program !  ; Barbara Corcoran of Shark Tank ; The Chew co-host and all-around great lady Carla Hall ; subway busker Joshua Bell ; and New York Knick Amar ' e Stoudemire . What , Heidi Montag was busy ? Most Awkward Utterance : Pat Pruitt of Ernst & Young , proving why he usually does n't talk onstage : "  It 's very good , and we 're very proud of our relationship with MissAmorgOoverization . " Strangest Tradition : The Shoe Parade . Seriously , what 's the deal with the shoe parade ? Best Personality : Miss Missouri Shelby Ringdahl , who said this after preparing for the swimsuit competition in about two minutes : "  I had time for hairspray and butt glue . That was it . " Butt glue ! I 'd have given her the crown based on butt glue alone . Runner Up : Miss Kansas Theresa Vail , a tattooed army sergeant who sings opera but prefers to play Katniss . "  My original talent was going to be archery , " she explained . "  I 'm singing by default because there is a clause against projectile objects . " There is no clause against stealing our hearts , though . Best Accessory : Miss Florida Myrrhanda Jones 's bedazzled knee brace , a functional yet versatile piece that complements bikinis , eveningwear , and ghastly baton-twirling getups equally .  Maybe it was actually a good luck charm -- Florida absolutely killed it in Talent . EW : Miss America pageant returns to Atlantic City Biggest Head-Scratcher : This fun fact , which flashed onscreen as Miss Georgia Carly Mathis sang "  On My Own " : "  Her dog has met the President . " Think they shook hands ? Worst Judgment : ABC and the Miss America Organization determined that it was totally fair to ask the first finalist about Miley Cyrus , the second about scorned political wives ... and the third whether she thinks the U.S. should intervene in Syria . One of those things : not like the others ! Kudos to Miss California Crystal Lee for keeping her cool -- and actually delivering a coherent answer to that absurdly tough question . Most Diplomatic : Miss Oklahoma Kelsey Griswold , who , for the record , believes that Miley 's antics have been "  a little bit not super tasteful " -- but "  ha -LSB- s -RSB- to respect her creativity . " Most Skillful Non-Answer : As delivered by eventual winner Nina Davuluri , Miss New York . She was asked what message Julie Chen is sending by admitting that she 's had plastic surgery on her eyes . Full transcript : "  Unfortunately , I do n't agree with plastic surgery . However , I can understand that from a standpoint . But more importantly , I 've always viewed Miss America as the girl next door , and the girl next door is evolving as the diversity in America evolves . She 's not who she was 10 years ago , and she 's not going to be the same person come 10 years down the road . So I would n't want to change someone 's looks or appearance , but definitely be confident in who you are . " Clearest Foreshadowing : Miss New York and Miss California stood in front of a curtain decorated with the Miss America logo as they clutched hands , waiting to hear the panel 's final verdict . The logo includes a crown -- which appeared to be floating over NY 's head . Lesson learned for next year 's finalists : Try to stand stage left . Best Consolation : Courtesy of Jason Derulo 's "  The Other Side , " which played as Davuluri received her actual crown : "  Tonight we 'll just get drunk . " Sound advice for a celebratory Davuluri -- as well as the pageant 's 52 losers . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	There was a great deal going on during the 2014 Miss America pageant One contestant made a "  Breaking Bad " reference Miss New York was ultimately crowned the winner
CNN  -- Want to get your career off to a flying start or shift up a gear ? What are your your plans and resolutions for 2013 ? This year , Leading Women has been profiling inspirational women who have reached the very top in their fields , whether it 's in business , humanitarian work , politics , arts or sport . But research from the American Association of University Women shows that full-time working women are still earning 23 % less than men , and Catalyst 2012 Census of Fortune 500 tells us that women held only 16.6 % of board seats in 2012 , the seventh consecutive year of no growth . So , how can women change this ? Career advisers tell women to be more forward in asking for promotions , pay rises and extra responsibility ; to find a mentor ; to join a networking group and to accept praise more readily . Will these steps help overhaul your career in 2013 ? Or do you have a different way of achieving your goals ? Tell us your professional New Year 's resolutions through the comments box below or using the Twitter hashtag #LWresolutions	Are you determined to give your career a boost in 2013 ? Will you ask for a raise , find a mentor or join a networking group ? Share your professional 2013 resolutions We 'll feature the best on CNN.com
CNN  -- The United States ' hopes of reaching the Rugby World Cup quarterfinals for the first time were dashed in New Zealand on Tuesday , after a 27-10 defeat to Italy . The bonus-point win was crucial for Italy 's bid to qualify for the last eight , with the Azzurri now facing a winner-takes-all clash with Pool C leaders Ireland in Dunedin on Sunday . Two-time world champions Australia can go top of the table with victory over winless tournament debutants Russia on Saturday . "  We are happy because we took the five points , " captain Sergio Parisse , who is hoping to lead Italy into the knockout stages of a World Cup for the first time , told the tournament 's official website . "  It was the important thing for us . We scored four tries , so that 's important . Now we 're looking forward to our last match against Ireland with a lot of confidence . It was a difficult match for us and now we 're ready to take the maximum against the Irish . " Italy , under the guidance of former South Africa coach Nick Mallett , flew out of the blocks in Nelson as Parisse scored the game 's first try after just two minutes . But the U.S. responded through fullback Chris Wyles , who converted his own try to level at 7-7 . The fightback stung Italy into action , and tries from flyhalf Luciano Orquera and prop Martin Castrogiovanni ensured a 20-10 halftime scoreline . The vital fourth score came as Italy 's powerful scrum earned a penalty try for the second time this tournament , which back-row forward Mauro Bergamasco converted . "  We are good in the tight play , so why should n't we be able to use it ? " prop Andrea Lo Cicero said . "  Why should n't we be able to profit from it ? Why should others profit from being weak in the scrum ? " In Tuesday 's other match , Japan and Canada played out a 23-23 draw in Napier -- only the third in the World Cup 's 24-year history . Japan 's Brave Blossoms looked set to record their first victory at the four-yearly tournament since overcoming Zimbabwe in 1991 , but , despite leading from the 24th minute to the 79th , were denied by a late penalty from Canada flyhalf Ander Monro . The draw eliminated Japan , while Canada will need to record a shock bonus-point win over hosts New Zealand on Sunday and hope second-placed France fail to pick up a point against Tonga in order to advance . Canada 's South Africa-born center DTH van der Merwe scored the contest 's first try after five minutes , before Japan responded with tries from hooker Shota Horie and wing Kosuke Endo and a penalty from New Zealand-born James Arlidge to claim a 17-7 halftime lead . Wing Phil Mackenzie scored a superb solo try to bring Canada back into the contest three minutes after the restart , before Arlidge looked to have made the match safe for Japan with two more penalties . But Monro saved the day for Canada by crossing Japan 's line for a 75th-minute try before kicking a last-minute penalty .	U.S. eliminated from the Rugby World Cup after Tuesday 's defeat to Italy The Eagles lose 27-10 in their fourth and final Pool C match , having won once Italy now need a bonus-point win over Ireland to reach the last eight Japan and Canada share only the third draw in the World Cup 's 24-year history
Redwood City , California  CNN  -- Shigeru Miyamoto , the creator of beloved Nintendo game franchises including "  Super Mario , " "  Donkey Kong " and the "  Legend of Zelda , " wants to make something new . "  I am really keen to work on something really new , which eventually is going to be important for the future of Nintendo , " he said , through a translator , in an interview here at Nintendo 's offices on Thursday . "  I would like to try to do something which might be able to expand the boundary or the definition of video games . " Miyamoto spoke with CNN the day after Wired reported that the game visionary would step down as a top Nintendo director and producer overseeing the development of games and products . CNN has a syndication agreement with Wired . A Nintendo spokeswoman disputed the Wired report , which quotes Miyamoto telling colleagues that he is ready to retire . Miyamoto was being sarcastic , but that nuance was lost in translation , she said . "  Miyamoto 's role at Nintendo is not changing , " the company said in a statement . "  He will continue to be a driving force in Nintendo 's development efforts . " The 59-year-old video-game pioneer may spend less time working directly on blockbuster games in Nintendo 's biggest franchises , he said . But he will have a senior role , which involves helping to determine the future direction of Nintendo 's hardware and software . "  We 've got to incorporate something new all the time , " Miyamoto said . "  Everything starts from something small whenever we are trying to find out something new . " Miyamoto suggested in the interview that he may be tiring of shepherding each new entry into the franchises he dreamed up decades ago . The three biggest games Nintendo launched in the last month are sequels . As its name implies , "  Mario Kart 7 " for the 3DS hand-held system is the seventh in the go-cart racing series . There were more than a dozen "  Zelda " games before the "  Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword " for the Wii . And who can keep count of how many adventures Mario was in before "  Super Mario 3D Land ? " Here 's a telling number : Miyamoto said the word "  new " more than a dozen times in the course of an interview that lasted just under an hour . He suggested that with execs like Eiji Aonuma , who runs the "  Zelda " series , Nintendo 's most prized franchises are in good hands . Miyamoto said he 's instilled in the teams a desire to make big changes often and constantly perfect their products . Miyamoto declined to describe his new project in depth . He mentioned gyroscopes and wireless proximity communication , both of which are built into the Nintendo 3DS , as technologies he 'd like to tap in the future . To demonstrate his wacky thinking , he said he had considered working on a digital globe with a map of the world that people could carry around with them . Ideas for games often come from encounters in Miyamoto 's own life , he said . As legend has it , the idea for Pikmin , a decade-old game in which an alien leads a race of plantlike creatures , sprang from Miyamoto 's garden . "  I 'm the person who thinks very differently , " Miyamoto said . "  I 'm the guy who believes in the numerous possibilities of video games . Even by looking around and taking advantage of the existing video-game technologies , we can certainly make something brand new . "	Shigeru Miyamoto created the Donkey Kong , Mario and Zelda characters and games Nintendo 's creative leader is looking to explore completely new ideas The company 's three biggest game releases in the last month were all sequels
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush stepped right into the political thicket with his contradictory comments on immigration last week . Bush , who has been known as one of the proponents of a more liberalized immigration policy , sent mixed signals about where he stood in offering a pathway for citizenship for the 11 million illegal immigrants in the country . Critics jibed that Bush had already stumbled in his first foray of the presidential election of 2016 , shifting to the right to please potential primary voters , and then moving back to the center after coming under fire . As Bush 's situation makes clear , immigration reform will be among the toughest tests Republicans face in the coming year as they try to strengthen their image with the electorate and make sure they are not totally out of step with the major demographic trends shaping America . Unlike almost any other issue that is being debated in Washington , whether that be the federal budget or foreign policy , what Republicans do on immigration will have huge consequences for the direction of the party . Republicans have not always been hard-line on immigration . In fact , there is a strong tradition within the party of politicians who have been on the liberal side of this question . At the turn of the 20th century , when immigrants from Eastern Europe and Southern Europe flooded into cities like New York and Philadelphia , there were many Republicans who were strong sponsors of keeping the doors open to newcomers . Some listened to big-business leaders who needed workers to fill the factories . Other Republicans also believed that immigration had always made this nation strong . President Theodore Roosevelt , who believed in the superiority of the Anglo-Saxon race , also pushed back against nativists by claiming that immigrants who could be assimilated were good for the United States and could be productive citizens . There were many Republicans who supported immigration reform in the mid-1960s . Congress revisited restrictions that had been put into place in the 1920s that curtailed the flow of immigration . There were a number of prominent Republicans , often inspired by the arguments of the civil rights movement , who supported reform . When Congress passed immigration reform in 1965 , almost 85 % of the Republicans voted yes . As new debates arose over immigration in the 1980s , the party continued to hear from Republican voices in favor of liberalized immigration policies . President Ronald Reagan , the hero of modern conservatism , signed a bill that provided amnesty for almost 3 million illegal immigrants , while President George H.W. Bush expanded the number of work-related visas that were available . As Reagan said , "  I believe in the idea of amnesty for those who have put down roots and lived here , even though sometime back they may have entered illegally . " President George W. Bush , deeply affected by his own experience with immigrants in Texas while growing up and as governor , insisted Republicans could not afford to take a hard line toward immigrant communities , many of who were often quite conservative in their politics . During a speech in Miami in 2000 , Bush said : "  America has one national creed , but many accents . " As president , Bush pushed for comprehensive immigration reform but was rebuffed by his own party . The hard-line elements of the GOP have gradually gained a stranglehold on the party . They are the dominant voice as they command immense influence with the organizations and activists who shape the Republican primaries , as well as with constituencies in conservative districts of House members . Many Republicans who are contemplating a run for federal office feel they have no choice but to shift to the right to please these constituencies . At some point in the near future , Congress will deal with immigration reform legislation . The immigration question offers the GOP an opportunity to really demonstrate to the electorate that this is a party capable of change and that the rightward drift of the party can be reversed . There are many Republicans who are interested in moving forward on this question by providing a path to legalization , but they have been restrained by the hard-line elements of their party . Even with all the demographic red flags that emerged after the 2012 election , a large number of Republicans are holding their ground and making it hard for leaders like Jeb Bush to tap into this other tradition within the GOP . In 1964 , Democrats faced a similar choice . For decades , the party had been divided between the Southern Democratic wing that staunchly opposed civil rights and the liberal Northern wing that believed the party needed to embrace racial equality . With Lyndon Johnson in the White House , the party came down on the side of civil rights . The decision came at a high cost , as most Southerners bolted to the GOP . But over time , that decision proved to be a defining moment for the values and image of Democrats , one that has helped win support with broader parts of the population and continues to provide a moral foundation for elected officials who join the ticket . Republicans need to make a comparable choice with immigration . This will be a big one , a decision that will clearly place the party on one side or the other of this issue of rights . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer says a big test is looming for the Republicans on immigration reform He says Jeb Bush stumbled on the issue last week , shifting his views to the right Anti-immigration forces have strong support in conservative districts , he says Zelizer : GOP wants to attract growing Latino vote , but has to worry about its base
About 8.4 million people can rightfully call themselves New Yorkers , according to 2013 census data . There are no official numbers to back this up , but it 'd be a pretty solid bet to say that an awful lot of them have never spent much time exploring the Bronx beyond Yankee Stadium , the Bronx Zoo , the Bronx Botanical Gardens and maaayyybe going out for a plate of manicotti and some tiramisu on Arthur Avenue . And that 's a friggin ' shame . Not only is the Bronx home to a hefty wedge of the Big Apple 's residents -- around 1.4 million of them -- it 's also the birthplace and steward of some of America 's greatest achievements in art and culture . Hip-hop was born here . Poetry , dance , sculpture and painting thrive . Art Deco architecture abounds and nature blooms . Hop a northbound 2,4,5,6 , B or D train -- or a boat to City Island -- and slip into the rhythm of the boogie down Bronx . Bronx Music Heritage Center The Bronx gave birth to a beat all its own , and it 's generous enough to share this bounty with the rest of the world . The Bronx Music Heritage Center preserves the history and celebrates the future of jazz , salsa , R&B , hip-hop and all other forms of music with roots in the borough . The center hosts live performances , readings , screenings , art programs and installations , and music history trolley tours of the neighborhood . And if you 're in a specifically hip-hop state of mind , hop a bus tour of classic battle sites , historic clubs and famous music video locations . Hush Tours are helmed by emcees , graffiti artists and DJs like Grandmaster Caz , Ralph McDaniels , Kurtis Blow , Rahiem , Johnny Famous , Lady "  K " Fever , Reggie Reg and others . The Woodlawn Cemetery There 's a saying that "  only the dead know Brooklyn . " That may be true of the Bronx too . In the borough 's Woodlawn Cemetery , the collective knowledge of permanent residents makes up some of the best of American culture . Commune with the spirits of Duke Ellington , Miles Davis , Celia Cruz , Irving Berlin , Herman Melville , Countee Cullen , Ralph Bunche , Fiorello La Guardia , Robert Moses , Elizabeth Cady Stanton , Madam C.J. Walker and other borough luminaries in a 400-acre outdoor museum where lot owners are encouraged to celebrate . Wave Hill In the midst of NYC 's concrete jungle lies an oasis of serenity in the form of 28 meticulously tended acres of gardens , greenhouses , walks and trails and a cultural center geared toward getting city residents in touch with the natural world around them . Organized gatherings are n't allowed on the Wave Hill premises , but the public is welcome to pack lunches , stroll through the grounds and attend talks , lectures and concerts . While there is generally an entrance fee , Target sponsors free hours on Tuesday and Saturday mornings year-round . Grand Concourse This truly grand stretch of boulevard is the Bronx 's answer to Paris ' Champs-Elysees -- but in true NYC style , stretches even longer and wider . The mostly Art Deco-lined thoroughfare runs from 138th Street to Mosholu Parkway and showcases some of the finest architectural facades and structures in all the five boroughs . The historic district designated by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission is between 153rd and 167th Streets , easily accessible from the subway  try the B , D , 4 to 161st St-Yankee Stadium  , and should by all rights include a stop in Joyce Kilmer Park , named for the soldier and writer best known for the poem "  Trees . " Bronx Museum of the Arts This museum has a mission : making the arts accessible to everyone , regardless of income level . On its 40th anniversary in 2011 , the museum instituted a free admission policy , allowing the entire community -- especially schoolchildren , artists and families -- to experience its permanent collection and special exhibitions of prints , painting , installations , photographs , sculpture , films , poetry and movement . Curators pay special attention to giving visibility to artists of African , Asian and Latin-American descent , and those with direct ties to the Bronx . City Island While the rest of the borough is the only part of NYC contiguous with the mainland , the Bronx 's City Island is surrounded by Long Island Sound and Eastchester Bay and stands as a living monument to New York 's nautical history . The island is accessible by drawbridge  city bus BX 29 will take you straight over it  and boasts some of the best seafood restaurants -- and boating and fishing opportunities -- the city has to offer . If it looks somehow familiar , that may be because it 's served as the backdrop for plenty of films including "  Arsenic and Old Lace , " "  A Bronx Tale , " "  Butterfield 8 " and the eponymous "  City Island . " Wakefield and Woodlawn When people think Bronx eats , it 's usually Arthur Avenue pasta and Yankee Stadium hot dogs that come to mind . Those are all well and good , but the borough is filled with ethnic enclaves of people who like to feast as well . Head to Wakefield for heady African and Caribbean flavors and Woodlawn for hearty Irish fare . And for those worried about where to pop in for a pint or a roti , Noshwalks tour guides can help visitors balance out their caloric intake with a little legwork in between bites . TAG Public Arts Street art does n't usually get a co-sign from building owners , but in 2012 , Jay Sinxero-Beltran started the TAG Public Arts Project to get landlords to team up with graffiti artists to create one-of-a-kind -- and totally legal -- paintings on their public walls . TAG has been endorsed by The Bronx Council on the Arts and has a stated mission of "  enhancing the visual landscape of urban communities with art . " Bronx Historical Tours offers a bus-driven exploration through the borough-wide outdoor gallery . Edgar Allen Poe Cottage Before his mysterious 1849 death in Baltimore , Edgar Allen Poe spent his twilight years in a cottage at Kingsbridge Road and the Grand Concourse . He wrote some of his best-known works there , including "  The Bells , " "  Annabel Lee " and "  Eureka . " Poe and his wife Virginia moved to the Bronx in the hope that the country air  why yes -- country air in the Bronx  would soothe the ravages wrought upon her by tuberculosis , but she succumbed nonetheless . The cottage has been fully restored to its period appearance by the Bronx County Historical Society and is open to the public on the weekends and groups  by appointment  throughout the week .	Go beyond Yankee Stadium and the zoo to explore the best of the Bronx Wave Hill is an oasis of serenity in this densely populated borough Head to Wakefield for heady African and Caribbean flavors
Darrell Hammond will be the new Don Pardo . Hammond , the former "  Saturday Night Live " cast member , is returning to the show that made him famous in a new position -- that of announcer . He takes over from Don Pardo , who died in August . NBC announced Hammond 's hiring in a press release . Don Pardo , voice of ` Saturday Night Live , " dead at 96 Hammond spent 14 seasons on the late-night show in the 1990s and 2000s , the longest run of any "  SNL " cast member . He was best known for his impressions , including versions of Bill Clinton , Al Gore , Regis Philbin and Sean Connery . Since leaving the show in 2009 , Hammond has returned for several cameos . He 's also appeared on such TV shows as "  Damages " and movies such as "  Scary Movie 5 . " He published a memoir , "  God , If You 're Not Up There , I 'm F*cked , " in 2011 . The 40th season of "  Saturday Night Live " premieres on September 27 . Chris Pratt is scheduled to host . Bill Hader returns to host ` SNL ' next month See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Darrell Hammond was longtime "  SNL " cast member Hammond is known for his impressions "  Saturday Night Live " returns Sept. 27 for 40th season
CNN  -- It may not be as gripping as a spy novel , but things are heating up after the latest reports of espionage by the U.S. National Security Agency . International leaders say they 're outraged and the Obama administration says it 's investigating . Here are five key questions to keep in mind : 1 . Are President Barack Obama 's hands clean in this ? It 's not really clear . The Wall Street Journal reported an internal review of U.S. surveillance programs that started this summer revealed the NSA had tapped the phones of about 35 world leaders and that the White House ordered a halt to some of it . That would suggest the President did not know about the programs for the nearly five years he has been in office . Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein says neither Obama nor her panel knew the United States was collecting communications of allied leaders , like German Chancellor Angela Merkel . A senior administration official separately confirms to CNN some details of the Journal report , saying the White House did not know about the program until an until an internal review over the summer , after which some of it was stopped . Targeting of German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's phone , however , did not end until quite recently , the senior official said . 2 . Was Obama kept in the dark ? Another U.S. official says , however , that Obama was briefed and given detailed documents describing what 's known as the framework for the surveillance programs . One targets leaders in specific countries , which he would have been briefed about . It 's not known if the description mentioned Merkel , but countries targeted would have been included . It 's not reasonable to expect that the President would have been involved in or necessarily briefed on decisions about individual intelligence targets , argued another senior administration official . Rather , the president approves a set of intelligence priorities and then it 's the responsibility of his administration to determine how to carry those out . The explanation was backed by a former senior administration official who worked on national security for the Obama White House . "  I really doubt he had to sign off on something like that or get into the details , " the former official said . 3 . What has Obama done about it ? That 's a key question . In a USA Today op-ed published last week , Obama 's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser Lisa Monaco conceded that recent "  disclosures have created significant challenges in our relationships . " To address them , the President has ordered a "  review  of  our surveillance capabilities , including with our foreign partners , " she wrote . A report on that effort is due by the end of the year . As accusations mount and the issue becomes increasingly thorny diplomatically , it 's unclear what Obama has said and done behind closed doors . 4 . Who 's upset about this ? The latest spying claims have roiled leaders in Europe and Latin America , who have accused the U.S. government of breaking the law , summoned U.S. diplomats for answers and said their confidence in the United States is shaken . In Germany , some leaders have suggested tabling discussions of a European Union free trade deal with the United States in response . In the United States , some have dismissed the foreign leaders ' criticism as political bluster , arguing that spying is a common practice in international relations , even for allies . 5 . What would the United States hope to learn ? The United States says its surveillance programs are for the purpose of foiling terrorist plots , but there are many political reasons for interest in communications of world leaders . For example , some media reports suggest the tapping of Merkel 's phone increased in 2010 , around the time of the financial crisis in the Eurozone , in which Merkel was a major player . The U.S also wants as much information as possible about the actions of other states to make its own decisions about important foreign policy issues , such as Syria and Iran . At the end of the day , allies can not automatically count on each other 's loyalty . Former Vice President Dick Cheney suggested in an interview with CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that there is an interest in conducting surveillance on a country or a leader , even a clear ally . "  We do have a fantastic intelligence capability , worldwide against all kinds of potential issues and concerns . We are vulnerable , as was shown on 9/11 , and you never know what you 're going to need when you need it , " said Cheney .	Media reports say the NSA tapped the phones of about 35 world leaders Key questions have emerged about what Obama knew , and his response Leaders in Europe and Latin America demand answers , say they 're outraged
CNN  -- The Boston Marathon bombing investigation made use of crowdsourcing to collect photos and video from cell phones and surveillance cameras at an unprecedented level . These pictures were made public a little more than 72 hours after the explosions and the second suspect was arrested 29 hours later . Forensics is the use of scientific or technical information to answer questions in a court of law . Digital forensics is the branch that focuses on the identification , acquisition and analysis of information found on digital devices : computers , cell phones , digital cameras or any computer-based system . The concept of law enforcement posting photos of wanted individuals in a public place and asking for assistance is hardly new ; walk into any post office and you will still see the FBI Most Wanted poster . Why the post office ? Because it used to be the social center of a town , a place where the government and the people regularly came together . Fast forward to 2013 and we have thousands of people taking pictures and videos of what everyone expected to be an every day event . Law enforcement agencies were able to use these images to observe the comings and goings of hundreds of people at a certain site at a certain time in order to detect a pattern of behavior with which to identify the two suspects . And most of this imagery came from private citizens . Personal computers have been around for nearly 30 years . The Internet has been commercially available for 20 years . Mobile phones have been pervasive for more than 10 years and smartphones , in particular , for more than five . Computers , networks and cell phones have increasingly become the record keeper , instrument or target of criminal activity over the last few decades . Smartphones are everywhere and offer the equivalent of a portable Internet terminal . Not only do cell phones contain a phone book , call history and text messages , but also Web browser history , email , Global Positioning System and other location information . And surprisingly high-quality pictures and video . All of this information will be of value to investigators . They will want to know who the suspects might have been communicating with in the immediate aftermath of the bombings and , again , in the aftermath of their pictures being posted in the media . The larger investigation will undoubtedly examine their text and email messages , social media postings , Web sites visited and calls made over the last few months and years . This digital forensic evidence will help piece together patterns of behavior that could provide insights into the suspects ' thoughts and deeds , and even provide new leads . What does this mean for privacy rights ? Consider that when a municipality wants to put up a new camera at an intersection , or purchase a drone , there is often a public outcry . Is the camera an invasion of privacy ? Where will it be looking ? How will the government use the data ? How long will the data be kept ? Will it be used to track my movements ? At some level , these are good and important questions because this kind of discourse is necessary to frame our Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable searches . Yet , in Boston , a lot of the images came not from public-sector cameras but from private-sector cameras : our fellow citizens . Fellow citizens who voluntarily shared their information so that law enforcement could do its job . Were these people violating the rights of others by sharing their pictures ? Well , no , considering that the Bill of Rights was intended to protect us against a tyrannical government rather than from each other . Indeed , it is not clear that the government could have compelled these citizens to turn over their pictures just in case they might be useful ; imagine persuading a judge to sign a search warrant on such pure speculation . Yet , citizens stepped forward to offer their help , a clear sign of a community willing to work together for a greater good and one that does not distrust the government . Although some might claim that these people were surrendering their rights for an element of security , it was the same instinct that made some people run toward the carnage so that they could provide assistance and comfort to friends , family and strangers . They were not surrendering their rights when they helped law enforcement but were empowering themselves as a community . The U.S. Constitution does not explicitly offer citizens a right of privacy , although many court decisions certainly support such an ideal . Indeed , U.S. Supreme Court Justice Louis D. Brandeis is well known for his observation , "  The right to be left alone -- the most comprehensive of rights , and the right most valued by a free people . " Your personal privacy has more to fear from the likes of Facebook and Google than from the government . Commercial entities such as social media sites offer free services and yet make money . How ? We , our information , have become their commodity . They have more money , motivation and resources to use our collected information for their own purposes than the government does . We , as users of social media , self-exploit ; we post our information voluntarily . Yet , once posted , we usually lose exclusive ownership of the information and always lose control over it . Although the use of the crowdsourcing metaphor may be new as it applies to a criminal investigation , it is almost certain we will see more of this in the future . And it is sure to renew questions about how we all are invading each other 's privacy and personal space . It also points to the incredible resiliency of the U.S. Constitution and its ability to guide us in a modern era , yet why it needs constant interpretation . As technologies evolve that the Founders could not have possibly anticipated -- from fully automatic weapons and thermal imagers to satellites and digital technologies -- we have to figure out how to balance our rights as individuals and needs as a society . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Kessler .	Gary Kessler : Boston bombing used public 's photos , videos at unprecedented rate Criminal cases will rely more on public as thousands take pictures and videos , he says Unmindful of privacy , he says , a community worked together for a greater good Kessler : Crowdsourcing in criminal investigation will happen more and more
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- At least 10 heavily armed militants forced their way into a court building Sunday in Mogadishu , Somalia , and launched a deadly attack , according to a local journalist who witnessed the aftermath . Some of the assailants detonated explosives before others exchanged fire with government security , witnesses said . Diplomatic sources told CNN that 29 people were killed in the courthouse attack . At least nine members of the Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab were also killed , the sources said . That group claimed responsibility for the attack . Nearly 60 people were wounded in the skirmish , the officials said . "  Above all , today 's operations ought to drive this unambiguous message home : there is no safe haven for apostates in Mogadishu ! " the group said on Twitter , according to a CNN translation . Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud said called the strike "  nothing but a sign of desperation by the terrorists , " saying the militants "  are in complete decline . " The president said the court complex was one of several sites hit . "  We are moving forward , but the enemy of Somalia , the enemy of all mankind , will attempt to set us back and try to prevent us from prospering . I want the terrorist to know that our country , Somalia , is moving and will keep moving forward and will not be prevented to achieve the ultimate noble goal , a peaceful and stable Somalia , by a few desperate terrorists , " he said . The regional court was in session at the time of the attack , witnesses said . The building also houses the nation 's Supreme Court . Radio Mogadishu , a state radio service , reported that at least 100 people who were in the building had come out safely . Somali security officials said two Turkish nationals from a passing aid convoy and two Somali civilians were killed in a car bombing attack near the Mogadishu airport . Witnesses told CNN there also were fatal bombings at a military intelligence building and a clinic . Somalia 's shaky transitional government , backed by African Union peacekeepers , has been battling Islamist guerrillas for years . The country has lacked an effective central government since 1991 , with portions of the Horn of Africa nation left lawless . Somali rappers defy bullets , death threats for Mogadishu CNN 's Nima Elbagir in Nairobi , Kenya and Amir Ahmed in Atlanta contributed to this story .	Diplomatic officials say 29 people were killed at courthouse , nearly 60 wounded The sources also said nine Al-Shabaab militants died President says terrorists showing signs of desperation Several attacks occurred across Mogadishu
Boston  CNN  -- A monster blizzard has left at least one person dead and hundreds of thousands of New Englanders in the dark and in the cold Friday night , thanks to a storm that 's already delivered whipping winds and more than a foot of snow in some parts , with prospects of even double that by the time it 's done . The storm -- actually the convergence of two powerful systems -- began in earnest Friday morning in parts of New York and is expected to continue well into Saturday in Rhode Island , eastern Massachusetts and Maine . Snow was more or less continuous for much of the region all day , with some lulls as well as times when it picked up considerably . At one point Friday night , for instance , Connecticut 's emergency management agency warned on Twitter that "  a wide ban of extremely heavy snow " was moving through the central and eastern parts of the Nutmeg State , dropping snow at a staggering rate of 4 to 5 inches an hour . Smithfield , Rhode Island , had 14 inches of snow by 9 p.m. Friday , one of several towns in that state , Connecticut and Massachusetts to be buried under more than a foot of snow -- with much more , potentially , on the way . "  I could n't believe the amount of snow that had piled up , as well as the many fallen branches , " said CNN iReporter Molly Schulson in Providence , Rhode Island . She was among the tens of millions of people stranded in the blizzard 's path . Many were prohibited by authorities from driving as a preemptive measure while other roads were closed in the thick of the bad weather , as was the case late Friday for New York 's Long Island Expressway and Sunrise Highway , according to the Suffolk County Police Department . Others saw their travel plans squashed when more than 5,000 flights from some 60 airports were canceled . And Amtrak nixed several of its scheduled runs , citing the weather , while commuter rail service in and out of New York and other locales were also impacted . Track the storm on map , timeline That helped transform several New England communities into ghost towns , as streets that typically would be choked with traffic were quiet , except for whistling winds ; and empty , except for a blanket of thick , sticky snow . CNN iReporters sent in photos and video from Boston , for instance , that showed sheets of white on the ground -- except when whipping winds made for near whiteout conditions on camera -- and little movement on the streets . "  Boston is kind of eerie at the moment , " said Chris Moran , a veteran snowplow driver doing his best to keep the roads clear . "  People are off the streets , and it looks like it could be 3 o'clock in the morning . " Strong winds made this storm especially biting . By Friday night , the National Weather Service reported wind gusts around 70 mph along the Massachusetts coast and through greater Boston , including a 74-mph gust in Buzzards Bay on Cape Cod . "  The wind is just pounding , " CNN iReporter Jordana Fleischut said from Nantucket , off Massachusetts ' southern coast . "  It 's currently moving the Jeep that we 're in -- that 's how powerful it is . " Such strong winds threatened to rustle up flooding along the coast at high tide Saturday morning . In the seaside Massachusetts town of Marshfield , for instance , the emergency management agency noted there may be a storm surge of between two to three feet and forecast a "  serious event with moderate to major impact " around 10 a.m. Saturday . Police in Poughkeepsie , New York , said one person died in a storm-related vehicle accident there , the first fatality that CNN has confirmed from the blizzard . The storm also damage for those not living directly on the coast , as evidenced by extensive power outages around the region . For many more people , the storm 's impact will be in the form of widespread power outages . By early Saturday , more than 600,000 customers -- most in Massachusetts , Rhode Island and Connecticut -- were without electricity , a number that could grow . Apps to help get you through For some , it all evoked memories of the "  Blizzard of ' 78 " and the "  Presidents Day Storm of 2003 " -- two of dozens of winter storms in Massachusetts that Moran has been out on the streets . The Framingham resident bundled up to brave the bitter cold and clear snow off the roads . But with a storm this powerful , it sometimes seems like a losing battle . "  I just finished plowing a 40-car parking lot , " said Moran . "  But if you were to look at it now , you never would have guessed . It 's completely covered . " Alarms raised , events canceled ahead of the storm Authorities have been sounding the alarm about the coming storm for days , urging people to stock up and stay off the roads . The worries were especially pronounced in places slammed by Sandy . That late October storm tore through Nick Camerada 's Staten Island home , leaving him personally "  destroyed " and cognizant that there may be more hits coming . "  You ca n't mess with Mother Nature , " an emotional Camerada said . Lines of customers snaked around storefronts as many braced for the worst . When Reading , Massachusetts , resident Elizabeth Frazier arrived at a grocery store late Thursday night , shoppers were already buying up the store . "  It 's a zoo in there , " she said . "  There 's nothing left on the shelves , " she told CNN affiliate WHDH . Governors across New England and New York have declared states of emergency , and all cars and trucks -- except emergency vehicles -- must now be off Massachusetts and Connecticut roadways . A similar ban in Rhode Island took effect at 5 p.m. Violating that ban could incur a penalty of up to a year in jail and a $ 500 fine . By Friday night , the storm had already led to hundreds of cancellations of public school classes to sporting events . The storm even prompted the cancellation of ACT tests , for would-be college students , around the Northeast . Utility companies tried to get a head start on the storm , by having additional crews ready to respond to outages caused by downed power lines . The fear is that , as happened after Sandy , such outages could persist for days . Still , for all the alarms being raised , the mayor of Boston -- which forecasters expected would be the city hardest hit by the storm -- said he expected residents of his community and others to hunker down and weather the storm . Said Mayor Thomas Menino , "  We are hardy New Englanders . " 5 ways to keep your phone charged in a power outage CNN 's David Ariosto , Greg Botelho , Chris Boyette , Elizabeth Cherneff , Mary Snow , Larry Shaughnessy and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	NEW : One person confirmed dead in storm-related vehicle accident NEW : More than 600,000 customers are without power in the area Connecticut warns 4 to 5 inches of snow an hour may fall in the state Parts of Rhode Island , Connecticut and Massachusetts already have 1-plus feet of snow
CNN  -- On the one-year anniversary of President Mohamed Morsy 's inauguration , tens of thousands of Egyptians marched in the streets of Cairo in an effort to remove him from office . The Associated Press described the protesters as "  an array of secular and liberal Egyptians , moderate Muslims , Christians â $ " and what the opposition says is a broad sector of the general public that has turned against the Islamists . " You would think these protesters represent an Egypt more favorable or in line with American interests . Unfortunately , our government supports the current regime of Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood . Earlier this year , we sent Egypt 's government 20 F-16 fighter jets , Abrams tanks and other military aid . I introduced an amendment that would halt the transfer of advanced weapons to Egypt . I argued that the situation in that country was too volatile and that Morsy was not someone the United States should necessarily embrace . My amendment was defeated in the Senate , 79 to 19 . Last week , President Obama deployed more than 400 Army soldiers to Egypt as part of a nine-month "  peacekeeping mission , " which could include responding to protestsâ $ " or even riotsâ $ " led potentially by Egyptians seeking a more secular or moderate government . Our government insists on calling Morsy an ally . Morsy , on the other hand , has called Jews "  bloodsuckers " and has said they are the "  descendants of apes and pigs . " The Obama administration announced in March that we no longer had enough money to continue giving White House tours because of the sequester . That same month , Secretary of State John Kerry met with Morsy and pledged $ 250 million in additional aid to Egypt . Before America supported the Muslim Brotherhood , we supported Morsy 's predecessor , Hosni Mubarak . For decades , we aided the Mubarak regime to the tune of about $ 60 billion in total . When Egyptians protested Mubarak in January 2011 , F-16 jets were used by Mubarak to intimidate protesters . Those jets were supplied to Egypt by the United States . When hundreds of thousands of Egyptians rallied in Tahir Square to protest three decades of martial law , Mubarak doused them with tear gas made in Pennsylvania and paid for with American taxpayer 's money . Mubarak abused and tortured his people for decades , while we subsidized his government . As Egyptians marched in the streets to remove this dictator from power in early 2011 , former Vice President Dick Cheney said we should stand by Mubarak and called him our "  good friend . " For many Egyptians , the United States was Mubarak . In their eyes , we were the same . To some , we are now undoubtedly Morsy . Indeed , the weapons that were once given to Mubarak or bought with U.S. dollars are now in the hands of the Muslim Brotherhood . Egypt is just one example of our misguided foreign policy . There are multiple examples of our government aiding and abetting despotic regimes in ways that ultimately work against American interests . The same Washington leaders who were eager to aid Mubarak , and now Morsy , were also once the loudest voices for supporting Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi . They are the same Democrat and Republican hawks who later insisted we back the Libyan rebels . They are the same people who now demand we fund the Syrian rebels , even though al-Nusra and others who belong to the resistance are also affiliated with al Qaeda . The problem with constantly intervening in these troubled parts of the world is that there are often no clear good guys or bad guys . Today 's ally can quickly become tomorrow 's enemy . This should be a paramount and obvious concern , but in Washington it is almost always treated as an afterthought . Also , what kind of message does funding despots send to the rest of the world ? When Mubarak was our "  good friend , " he was certainly no friend to the Egyptian people . Judging by the protests in Cairo on Sunday , the same can probably be said of Morsy 's regime . You can not give people liberty . They must fight for it themselves . People around the world seek to emulate and embrace our concept of freedom . America should continue to lead , something we often do best by example . But what kind of example do we set when we side with the enemies of freedom ? How can we have influence in troubled parts of the world when we cuddle up to regimes responsible for much of the trouble ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rand Paul .	Rand Paul : Why is the U.S. supporting Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy ? Paul : I argued that Morsy is not someone the U.S. should necessarily embrace He says despite Egyptians ' discontent with Morsy , we continue to give him aid Paul : What kind of example do we set when we side with the enemies of freedom ?
CNN  Governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism -- real or perceived -- to advance executions , Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the death penalty . "  The dark trend of governments using the death penalty in a futile attempt to tackle real or imaginary threats to state security and public safety was stark last year , " said Salil Shetty , Amnesty 's Secretary General in a release . "  It is shameful that so many states around the world are essentially playing with people 's lives -- putting people to death for ` terrorism ' or to quell internal instability on the ill-conceived premise of deterrence . " The report , "  Death Sentences and Executions 2014 , " cites the example of Pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians following the horrific attack on a school in Peshawar in December . China is also mentioned , as having used the death penalty as a tool in its "  Strike Hard " campaign against terrorism in the restive far-western province of Xinjiang . The annual report catalogs the use of state-sanctioned killing as a punitive measure across the globe , and this year 's edition contains some mixed findings . On one hand , the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22 % on the previous year . At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014 , compared to 778 in 2013 . Amnesty 's figures do not include statistics on executions carried out in China , where information on the practice is regarded as a state secret . Belarus and Vietnam , too , do not release data on death penalty cases . "  The long-term trend is definitely positive -- we are seeing a decrease in the number of executions  worldwide  , " Audrey Gaughran , Amnesty 's Director of Global Issues , told CNN . "  A number of countries are closer to abolition , and there are some signs that some countries will be abolitionist by 2015 .  There are  signals of a world that is nearing abolition . " While the report notes some encouraging signs , it also highlights a marked increase in the number of people sentenced to death in 2014 . At least 2,466 people globally are confirmed to have been handed the sentence last year , an increase of 28 % compared with 2013 . The report notes that the spike in sentencing is attributable to mass-sentencing in countries including Egypt and Nigeria , "  against scores of people in some cases . " The organization found "  positive developments " worldwide , with most regions seeming to show reductions in the number of executions . Opinion : Sharp spike in death sentences Sub-Saharan Africa , for example , saw a 28 % fall in reported cases , and executions recorded in the Middle East and North Africa were down 23 % compared to 2013 . "  Even though we 've highlighted some of the negative developments ... I think we would always highlight that there are positive developments , " Gaughran said . "  Across the board , with the exception of Europe and Central Asia there were fewer reports of executions in every region . " The resumption of the use of capital punishment in Belarus -- the only country in Europe and Central Asia to execute people -- after a two year hiatus spoiled an near-universal decrease in countries using the death penalty by region . The United States has the dubious distinction of being the only country in the Americas to conduct executions , but the number of convicts put to death here fell slightly , from 39 in 2013 to 35 in 2014 . The state of Washington also imposed a moratorium on executions last year . The U.S. remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment , with only Iran  289 +  , Iraq  61 +  , and Saudi Arabia  90 +  executing more people in 2014 . While figures are not available , Amnesty estimates that China also executes "  thousands " of prisoners each year , "  more than the rest of the world put together . " The report also highlights the imperfections in the judiciary processes that lead to many sentenced to death . "  In the majority of countries where people were sentenced to death or executed , the death penalty was imposed after proceedings that did not meet international fair trial standards , " the report stated . "  In 2014 Amnesty International raised particular concerns in relation to court proceedings in Afghanistan , Bangladesh , China , Egypt , Iran , Iraq , North Korea , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and Sri Lanka . " The United Nations Secretary-General , Ban Ki-moon , last year stressed the need to move toward abolition of capital punishment . "  The taking of life is too irreversible for one human being to inflict it on another , " he said , in marking World Day against Death Penalty in October . "  We must continue to argue strongly that the death penalty is unjust and incompatible with fundamental human rights . " Amnesty estimates that at least 19,094 people were believed to be on death row at the end of 2014 .	Amnesty 's annual death penalty report catalogs encouraging signs , but setbacks in numbers of those sentenced to death Organization claims that governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22 % compared with 2013 , but death sentences up by 28 %
CNN  -- As the number of seasonal influenza cases continues to rise , reports of vaccine shortages in some locations are beginning to circulate . But vaccine manufacturers say there is plenty of vaccine for those who want to get a flu shot . MedImmune , manufacturer of FluMist , the only flu vaccine that comes in a nasal spray , produced 12 million doses for the current season to fill customer orders . In addition to those orders , they produced extra doses . FluMist is approved for healthy people between the age of 2 and 49 . "  Right now we currently have 310,000 extra doses that could ship tomorrow , " Tor Constantino , MedImmune spokesperson , told CNN . "  All of those expire next month . Another 70,000 doses are available that could ship tomorrow , and those expire in March . The company has another 250,000 doses they 're holding in reserve that would be shared between Medicaid 's Vaccines for Children Program  VCP  and the Department of Defense  DOD  . In total , they have a surplus of 620,000 extra doses . Sanofi Pasteur made more than 60 million doses of Fluzone for the United States alone . According to Michael Szumera , SP 's director of public relations , they 've sold out of some versions of Fluzone , but the company has adult flu vaccine ready for immediate shipment . Fluzone is a relatively new type of flu shot with a very short needle , making it less intimidating than a traditional flu shot . "  This product is available in two presentations : Fluzone intradermal vaccine for ages 18 to 64 and Fluzone High-Dose vaccine for ages 65 and above , " Szumera said . "  Additionally , in response to unanticipated late-season demand , we have arranged for a limited supply of additional vaccine in 0.5-milliliter unit dose vials . This product is indicated for ages 6 months and above . We are accepting orders for this product and anticipate being able to start shipping in late January . " Glaxo Smith Kline , makers of Fluarix and FluLaval , said they , too , have adequate supply to meet customer demand . The pharmaceutical company has produced about 25 million doses of vaccine , most of which have been shipped . "  We have completed production of this year 's vaccine , and are confident supply of seasonal flu vaccine should cover demand , " Dr. Leonard Friedland , who heads up medical affairs and clinical development for GSK Vaccines North America . "  The greater issue is that less than 50 percent of the U.S. population gets vaccinated each year . " Flu leads to Texas teen 's death Novartis committed to 30 million doses of their vaccine Fluvirin and shipped more than 36 million . Spokeswoman Julie Masow says they are working to address any urgent needs . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , flu vaccine makers produced about 135 million doses this year . As of early this month 128 million doses had already been distributed . CDC spokesman Tom Skinner told CNN he was not aware of widespread problems with finding vaccines . "  There may be spot shortages out there , and people wanting to be vaccinated should call ahead to the provider to see if they have vaccine , " Skinner said . There have also been reported shortages of the antiviral Tamiflu Oral Suspension  Tamiflu OS  , the liquid version of Tamiflu . When taken early , this drug can reduce the severity of symptoms and the length of illness . It is recommended mostly for people at higher risk of flu complications . There were temporary delays in new shipments of Tamiflu OSral Suspension , driven in part by an early and strong flu season , Tara Iannuccillo , spokeswoman for Genentech , said in an e-mail . "  We experienced an increase in demand due to a higher prevalence of influenza Type B early in the season , " Iannuccillo said . Tamiflu OS is typically prescribed for children under the age if 13 and people who have trouble swallowing . But pharmacists can mix Tamiflu capsules into liquid for those patients who require it . 5 ways to protect your child "  We are working to expedite new shipments of Tamiflu OS to distributors as new supplies become available , " she said . To find out where to get a flu shot , go to flu.gov . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	There are 310,00 extra doses of FluMist , the nasal spray vaccine Sanofi Pasteur made more than 60 million doses of Fluzone There were temporary delays in new shipments of Tamiflu Oral Suspension
CNN  -- "  Baby , law is n't a good profession for girls , " my father told me . "  Stay with music , dear , that is what you and your people do so well , " my high school dean said . I was 16 , and asking them the most important question of my life : Will you tell me how to become a lawyer ? My dad was a product of the segregated South . Orphaned at the age of 12 , he pulled himself up by his bootstraps . After leaving Georgia for Washington , where he lived with a relative , he attended an integrated school , Dunbar High . Eventually , he earned his way into Syracuse University , where he was one of the first black men to graduate . In spite of his achievements , he and our family faced discrimination . Nevertheless , he kept his sense of humor , and worked hard to be a good provider . My father 's message was loving and protective . He did n't want to see me hurt . My dean 's message was scornful and discriminatory . She took a sledgehammer to my dreams , and when I left her office that day , I was crushed and fighting tears . I could n't understand her answer . I wanted to go to a good college , attend a respected law school and advocate for people needing help and craving justice . I refused to abandon these high hopes . Opinion : Does Romney ` get ' women who work ? And I did n't . I followed my dreams and went to law school . More than 40 years later , I became one of the 10 women named to top policy-making posts in the early months of Gov. Mitt Romney 's administration in Massachusetts . There , I headed up the Department of Workforce Development . During Gov. Romney 's tenure , our state led the nation in terms of the ratio of women holding top spots in the administration , and to this day , that 's something about which I am incredibly proud to have been a part of . And so , as I 've heard criticism about Gov. Romney 's admirable record of recruiting women to serve in his administration , I feel compelled to speak out about the Mitt Romney I know . I remember meeting him for the first time . I was struck by his authenticity , and over the years that I worked with him , I saw the accuracy of my first impression . Gov. Romney 's overriding commitment was not to self-promotion -- as is so often the case for politicians -- but for the people he served , and the people he served with . He believes in empowering women . I would know , because I was one of those women he recruited and respected . Opinion : Romney 's empty ` binders full of women ' Today , there are more than 5 million women around this country -- mothers , daughters , breadwinners -- who are unemployed . They are not only robbed of their dignity and their self-respect ; they are also robbed of the results of decades of hard work . More women are in poverty -- 25.7 million -- than at any time in our nation 's history . And for too many young people , the doors of opportunity remain closed shut by these tough economic circumstances . Half of recent college graduates are either jobless or underemployed . The cost of college has continued to rise in the last four years and student loan debt stands at record levels . When Mitt Romney was governor , he worked with a legislature that was 87 % Democratic to get things done . And to me , that really meant something : I consider myself a liberal Democrat . For him , it was n't about who you were , it was about the quality of your ideas . That 's how he improved the economy and balanced the budget , but that 's not all he accomplished . Gov. Romney also initiated the John and Abigail Adams Scholarship to cover the cost of college at public institutions of higher education in the state for deserving high school students based on academic merit . During his time as governor , Massachusetts maintained its schools ' ranking as first in the nation . Opportunity . Empowerment . That 's what Mitt Romney has stood for while in politics and in business , and that 's what matters to women . In government , he created opportunities for young people to attend college . In business , he took a chance on people to allow their dreams to flourish into realities . I 've been able to rise in life because of people who see the world this way . Looking back , I 'm grateful to those who believe that education is a civil right and that the dreams of all should be encouraged and cultivated . And that 's precisely why I 'm supporting Mitt Romney . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Edmonds .	Jane Edmonds says her dad , school official discouraged her from pursuing law career She ultimately worked for Gov. Mitt Romney in Massachusetts as cabinet member Romney has record of hiring women in Massachusetts ; he cares about women , she says Edmonds : Romney has stood for opportunity and empowerment , big concerns of women
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai police are monitoring departures from a popular resort island after the battered bodies of a British man and woman were found on a beach . The deaths on the small southern island of Koh Tao are being investigated as murders . The victims were discovered early Monday partially undressed with severe injuries to their heads , and a hoe with blood on it was found near the bodies , police said . The two Britons , both in their early 20s , were last seen hanging out with friends at a bar in the early hours of Monday before leaving together , said Maj. Gen. Kiatthipong Khaosumarng , the provincial police chief . Police want to interview a number of people seen on surveillance camera footage from the bar , he said , adding that police have ruled out robbery as a motivation for the attack . Authorities believe that the culprit or culprits could still be on the island . They have circulated photos of 10 people they are looking for among local authorities , said Col. Prachum Ruangthong , the police chief of the local precinct . A team of police officers in plain clothes are keeping watch at the main pier on the island , he said . A regional police official had earlier told CNN that people had been prevented from leaving Koh Tao , but Prachum said that was n't the case . Victims may have met recently The deaths have shaken residents on the idyllic island , which takes up only 21 square kilometers  8 square miles  amid bright blue waters in the Gulf of Thailand . Authorities said it was the first homicide case on Koh Tao in at least eight years . The island is popular among tourists for its diving locations , white sand beaches and vibrant nightlife . Police said that interviews with friends of the victims indicated that the two Britons may have only recently met while on the nearby larger island of Koh Phangan before traveling to Koh Tao for a party excursion . The British Consul arrived in Koh Tao on Tuesday , the British Embassy in Bangkok said . "  The Embassy is urgently seeking information from the local authorities and Consular staff stand ready to provide assistance to friends and family at this tragic time , " it said in a statement , declining to give any further details on the case . While the victims ' names have been widely reported , the Embassy would n't tell CNN if their families have been notified yet . Thai authorities said they planned to send the victims ' remains to Bangkok for forensic tests . CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	The man and woman were found dead early Monday on a beach on Koh Tao A hoe with blood on it was discovered near the bodies , police say Police want to talk to people caught on video in the bar where the victims were last seen The two Britons were in their early 20s and were believed to have recently met
Miami  CNN  -- References to drugs , comments about hazing and pictures of semi-nude women taken from posts on a closed Facebook page have prompted the suspension of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity on Florida International University 's Miami campus . An e-mail containing 70 screen grabs of posts allegedly found on the Facebook page for active members of Pi Kappa Alpha , also known as Pike , were sent to school officials and members of the media , including CNN affiliate WSVN . "  Anyone have a connect for coke , not me , a friends wants , lol , " says one post , while others mention "  study drugs . " There are offers to sell Adderall and Vyvanse , drugs prescribed to people with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . Several postings allegedly made by members of the fraternity make reference to the "  Pike pharmacy . " One lets the group know the "  Pike Pharmacy is on campus all day today again " and leaves a phone number to call . CNN called that number and every number contained in the posts and was told "  no comment " by three people . One said , "  I have no idea what 's going on " before hanging up the phone . Although most of the social media chatter in the screen grabs involved talk of drugs and alcohol , there were a few that made reference to hazing , one offering this advice , "  HAZE THE F  * ! OUT OF THEM ... end of story . " The obscenities in the screen grabs are numerous , as are the derogatory comments , especially those in reference to their female coeds . A few semi-naked pictures of women were included . One of the pictures showed a topless female , with the comment : "  I think she was 17 at the time of the titi pics ... LOL . " Florida International University declined CNN 's request for an interview but said in a statement that it "  took prompt action and placed the fraternity on interim suspension pending the outcome of investigations by appropriate university departments , including the police . " The board of directors of the Pi Kappa Alpha International Fraternity suspended the FIU chapter over the "  disgraceful , offensive and indefensible " behavior . "  The immediate decision to suspend by the Supreme Council was made to communicate clearly that this type of behavior is not tolerated , " Executive Vice President Justin A. Buck said in a statement released Friday . "  It is clear these individuals never had any concept of what Pi Kappa Alpha stands for . " A conduct history of the Pi Kappa Alpha chapter at FIU shows the fraternity is no stranger to discipline investigations . It is currently on probation for an incident in June in which members were accused of interfering with the Office of Orientation and Parent Programs by "  inviting new students to the house and serving alcohol , " the university said in an e-mail . Ultimately , the fraternity was found "  not responsible " for dispensing alcohol but was found "  responsible " on the accusations of interfering , the university said . Over the past five years , this Pi Kappa Alpha chapter was brought up on discipline charges eight times . In April 2010 , the fraternity was put on probation when members were caught painting obscene words and pictures on a student 's car . Most of the incidents involved alcohol , including a 2008-2009 probation for providing alcohol to minors . While on probation , the fraternity was disciplined for having a party with alcohol . For this infraction , Pi Kappa Alpha was suspended from August 2011 until April 2013 , but the sanctions were modified on appeal and the suspension ended a year earlier . This time , it may not be just the fraternity that will be disciplined . Police are looking into the possibility of criminal charges if people who posted on the page are found to have committed any crimes .	NEW : Fraternity headquarters suspends chapter at Florida International University School says it "  took prompt action and placed the fraternity on interim suspension " Screen grabs show posts that reference drugs and hazing The Pi Kappa Alpha chapter at FIU has had past disciplinary problems
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Some southern states were getting a second round of unseasonal snow Tuesday , prompting airlines to cancel flights and schools to close for the day . Parts of several southern states remained under a winter storm warning Tuesday , as a developing low-pressure system threatened to spread snow and rain across portions of Alabama , Georgia , Tennessee , Kentucky and the Carolinas , the National Weather Service said . Snow fell north and west of metro Atlanta , Georgia , although the city , with a temperature hovering just above freezing , saw mostly rain . The weather prompted schools in several northern Georgia counties to close , according to CNN affiliates . Airlines also canceled flights . AirTran Airways has canceled 69 flights in and out of Atlanta , and is expected to cancel more this afternoon , spokesman Christopher White said . "  Should the -LSB- weather -RSB- event continue into the evening , there is a possibility of many more cancellations , " he said . He said the airline is offering free rebooking and changes for anyone traveling to or from Atlanta . Delta Airlines said it has made about 250 cancellations for flights leaving Atlanta . "  Depending on the severity of the storm some additional thinning may be necessary , " spokesman Anthony Black said . The airline is offering to reschedule Tuesday travel plans for those concerned about the weather , at no fee . Customers will have to pay any increase in fares , according to the Web site . The National Weather Service said snow will continue Tuesday afternoon across northeast Georgia and the western half of upstate South Carolina , although it will taper off later . Total snowfall accumulations of 2 to 4 inches are expected , mainly in areas along and north of I-85 . The same amount of snow is expected from Shelby , North Carolina to Gaffney and Union in South Carolina , the National Weather Service said . Snow is also possible in Tennessee , Kentucky and northern Alabama , it said . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Storm warnings and winter weather advisories issued for the Southeast AirTran Airways has canceled 69 flights into and out of Atlanta for Tuesday Delta Air Lines cancelled about 250 flights Tuesday
San Juan , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- More than 600 officers from the FBI , the Drug Enforcement Administration and local police departments conducted a raid on the largest public housing complex in Puerto Rico Thursday in an operation against its biggest drug gang . Arrest warrants were issued for 82 alleged members of the Calle Cuatro , or Fourth Street , gang , blamed for 25 murders on the island . According to officials , 43 alleged gang members had been arrested by Thursday afternoon . A federal indictment says the 82 suspects are wanted on drug or weapons charges , or both . The defendants are accused of conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine , "  crack "  cocaine base  , heroin , marijuana and oxycodone , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in San Juan . Starting early Thursday , agents poured into the Luis Llorens Torres complex , a public housing neighborhood comprising 140 buildings housing about 2,500 families . Federal officials said the co-conspirators used apartments and other locations to cook , store and sell the drugs . The Calle Cuatro is known as the most organized , most violent , and biggest of the gangs operating in the complex , authorities said . The Puerto Rico Police Department and the San Juan Police Department also participated in the raid .	NEW : The suspects are accused of selling cocaine , marijuana , heroin and oxycodone The target is the Calle Cuatro gang As of Thursday afternoon , 43 alleged gang members are under arrest More than 600 agents and officers participate in the raid
CNN  -- A speedboat carrying Britain 's Prince Harry broke down in the Bahamas , but that did n't slow the royal down during his Caribbean tour . Prince Harry boarded a media boat after a mechanical failure stopped the Royal Bahamas Defence Force boat he was riding to Harbour Island on Sunday . Throngs of cheering crowds met him on the island , which the 27-year-old son of Prince Charles and Diana visited as part of a tour celebrating the 60th anniversary of his grandmother 's accession to the throne . Island resident India Hicks , a bridesmaid in his parents ' wedding , helped show him around the normally sleepy enclave . Prince Harry 's Diamond Jubilee celebrations began Friday in the Belize capital Belmopan , where the prince danced and drank in a street party along the newly named HM Queen Elizabeth II Boulevard . The prince had a quieter day in Belize Saturday , climbing to the top of Xunantunich , a Mayan temple . He toured an open-air exhibit in Nassau 's Rawson Square before boarding the speedboat Sunday . After a youth rally in the Bahamas National Stadium on Monday , Prince Harry was scheduled to travel to Jamaica and then on to Brazil to complete his 10-day tour . Diamond Jubilee celebrations marking six decades on the throne for Queen Elizabeth II officially began last month and continue through June , when London will mark the anniversary of her coronation with festivities including up to 1,000 boats sailing up the River Thames . The 85-year-old monarch has no political power , but she has immense power as a figurehead . She is officially the head of state of 16 countries that used to be part of the British Empire , including the Bahamas . CNN 's Brian Vitagliano , Max Foster and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Prince Harry boards vessel carrying reporters after his boat breaks down Throngs of cheering crowds meet him on Harbour Island India Hicks , a bridesmaid in his parents ' wedding , shows him around the island The royal is on a tour celebrating the anniversary of his grandmother 's accession
CNN  -- Bloody clashes erupted Saturday between pro- and anti-Syrian regime fighters in the Lebanese city of Tripoli , the deadliest outburst of violence in recent weeks and further indication that Syria 's turmoil is spilling across borders . Twelve people were killed and approximately 50 were wounded in the latest fighting , according to the state-run National News Agency . Of those hurt , 12 were transported to a hospital in the coastal city , including one in critical condition . At one point , a continuous stream of "  rocket bombs " hindered national security forces ' attempts to secure the area , the news agency said . One rocket exploded over a well-known castle in the city , while another landed some distance away . Prime Minister Najib Mikati went to Tripoli to assess the security situation , state news reported . After meeting with leaders from the different factions involved in the clashes , Interior Minister Marwan Charbel announced that national security forces will enter the area to enforce a cease-fire set to begin at 5 a.m. Sunday . Anyone who does not abide by the cease-fire "  will bear responsibility , " said Charbel , according to the official news agency . The sectarian violence in Tripoli -- which is on the Mediterranean coast , about 50 miles from Homs in Syria -- mirrors the tensions in its neighboring nation . Clashes in both nations pit Sunnis , who make up the majority of the Syrian opposition and population , against Alawites and other Shiites , who are dominant in President Bashar al-Assad 's government . Sunnis are the majority in northern Lebanon , where Tripoli is located and where anti-Assad factions are relatively strong . The Syrian president , meanwhile , has more support in southern Lebanon and among members of the powerful Shiite militant and political group Hezbollah , which is considered a terrorist organization by U.S. authorities . Saturday 's fighting is not the first time tensions have simmered over , including in Tripoli . Last month , violence flared after Lebanese authorities arrested Chadi Mawlawi , an Islamist activist who was helping Syrian refugees by providing food and shelter , his cousin said . Lebanon had accused Mawlawi of being an operative in an al Qaeda-inspired group -- something his relatives deny . The activist was eventually released , but not before his arrest sparked fighting that killed seven people and left dozens wounded . Elsewhere in Lebanon , the kidnapping of a group of Shiite Muslim pilgrims in Syria prompted angry protests last month in Beirut , the capital . Also last month , gun battles in Beirut between rival political parties -- one supporting Syria 's al-Assad and one opposing him -- left two dead and 18 wounded . That was the worst outbreak of violence in a city where the powerful Hezbollah militia engaged government troops in street battles in 2008 . That bloodshed came hours after Lebanese troops killed two Sunni Muslim clerics -- both opposed to the embattled Syrian regime -- at a checkpoint in northern Lebanon . Syria has long been a major influence in Lebanon , and not just because of the extensive border the two nations share . Lebanon was considered part of "  greater Syria " until the end of World War I. Syrian troops were deployed in Lebanon between 1976 and 2005 , primarily in the north -- ostensibly at first as peacekeepers to help stop Lebanon 's long civil war , though they stayed long after the fighting stopped in 1990 . The Syrian forces ' 2005 withdrawal followed the car-bomb killing of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in Beirut , which some blamed on elements of al-Assad 's regime . Since then , Lebanon 's most prominent political blocs have been sharply divided -- the ruling pro-Syria alliance led by Prime Minister Najib Mikati on one side and anti-Syrian factions led by Saad Hariri , the son of the assassinated former prime minister , on the other . The unrest in Syria that began 15 months ago with peaceful anti-government protests , followed by a government crackdown , has meant further complications for Lebanon . Thousands of refugees have poured across the border . And in April the Lebanese army announced it had intercepted a cargo ship bound for Tripoli that was filled with weapons it believes were meant to be delivered to rebel forces in Syria . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	12 dead , 50 are wounded in fighting in the coastal city of Tripoli , state news reports Lebanon 's government says it will enforce an agreed-upon cease-fire in the area The clash was the latest pitting factions opposed to and supporting Syria 's leaders
CNN  The U.S. crew aboard the International Space Station relocated from its quarters after what turned out to be a false alarm on Wednesday , NASA said . A possible ammonia leak in the cooling system had the crew from the American segment of the station move temporarily to the Russian segment . It was a false alarm , NASA said . Tests indicated that the off-scale measurements were the result of a computer failure , and not an ammonia leak . International Space Station program manager Mike Suffredini said the relocation was done as a precaution because of four measurements that were off scale . These measures could have indicated an ammonia leak . The astronauts , as trained , put on masks , moved to the Russian segment , and closed the hatch to the American segment , he said . Two U.S. astronauts are aboard the International Space Station : commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts . Once it was determined that the emergency was a false alarm , the astronauts still had to wait while equipment on the U.S. segment was powered back up , Suffredini said . NASA tweeted that at 3:05 p.m. ET , the hatch was reopened and the astronauts returned . There was no ammonia in the area , NASA said . The crew was unable to carry out experiments that were planned , but no research was lost , Suffredini said . The Americans were joined by Samantha Cristoforetti , a flight engineer with the European Space Agency , and others in the space station 's six-member crew . "  Hey everybody , thanks for your concern , " Cristoforetti tweeted . "  We 're all safe & doing well in the Russian segment . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The scare was a false alarm , NASA says The U.S. astronauts are safe , NASA says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Somali suspect in the hijacking of the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama has been charged with piracy , a count that carries a minimum life sentence . Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse arrives in the United States on Monday . He was charged with piracy Tuesday . Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse also has been charged with conspiracy to seize a ship by force , conspiracy to commit hostage-taking and two firearm charges , according to a criminal complaint released by the U.S. attorney 's office in the southern district of New York . Muse "  conducted himself as the leader " of the pirates who allegedly took over the Maersk Alabama , according to the criminal complaint . A federal judge ruled Tuesday that Muse could be tried as an adult . U.S. Magistrate Judge Andrew Peck had ordered the media and public out of the courtroom earlier while he evaluated Muse 's age . Muse 's father in Somalia told defense attorneys the young man was born on November 20 , 1993 -- making him 15 , the defense attorneys said . However , the prosecution argued otherwise , saying Muse made statements that suggest he is older . Before Peck closed the courtroom , Muse wiped his hand over his face at one point , and it appeared he was crying . He had worn a broad smile late Monday when he arrived in New York escorted by a phalanx of law enforcement officers . See timeline of events that led to piracy case " Muse was arrested in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama , a cargo ship that pirates attacked on April 8 about 350 miles off the Somali coast . See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa " Peck read the young man his rights and said attorneys had been appointed to represent him because the suspect did not have the resources to hire representation himself . Muse said through an interpreter that he understood and said , "  I do n't have any money . " Pirates attacked the Maersk Alabama , a cargo ship , on April 8 about 350 miles off the Somali coast . According to the criminal complaint , two of the 20 crew members -- all Americans -- saw lights heading toward the Maersk Alabama around 4:30 a.m. on April 8 , while the ship was in the Indian Ocean . After a "  brief time , " the lights disappeared , the complaint said , but about two hours later , the same crew members saw a small boat approaching and later heard "  what sounded like " gunshots , the complaint said . Crew Member 1 then heard the ship 's captain -- later identified as Capt. Richard Phillips -- on the radio saying that two pirates were on the ship 's bridge . A third crew member , Crew Member 3 , also heard the radio message and began shutting down the ship 's power , the complaint said . The complaint said Muse , who was carrying a gun , was the first alleged pirate on the ship , and said the attackers used a portable ladder to climb on board . According to the complaint , Muse had fired his gun at Phillips , the captain said , and then took $ 30,000 from the ship 's safe after he forced Phillips to open it . Watch Muse being hauled into court " Muse demanded that the Maersk Alabama be stopped and that the crew give him the number of the ship 's owner , the complaint said . The captain then ordered the crew to the bridge after Muse ordered him to do so , the complaint said , citing Crew Member 2 . Muse then began canvassing the dark ship with Crew Member 2 as a guide , the complaint said . While they were going through the ship , Crew Member 3 , who had not come to the bridge , tackled Muse to the ground , the complaint said . Crew Member 2 helped subdue Muse , and the two tied the young man 's hands with wire and took him to the ship 's safe room , where several crew members were hiding . After several hours , the remaining pirates said they would leave the ship if Muse was returned to them , and if a lifeboat was given to them . Phillips boarded the lifeboat with them and the ship 's crew freed Muse , who then boarded the lifeboat , according to the criminal complaint . The boat floated a short distance from the Maersk , even as the Navy 's USS Bainbridge arrived the next day . Over the next three days , officers on the Bainbridge communicated with the pirates by radio . "  In those communications , the pirates threatened to kill the captain if they were not provided with safe passage away from the scene , " the complaint said . At one point , Phillips tried to escape and the pirates shot at him , the complaint said . On April 12 , Muse boarded the USS Bainbridge and demanded safe passage for himself and the other pirates in exchange for Phillips ' release . Muse also received medical treatment while he was on the warship , the complaint said . While Muse was away from the lifeboat , Navy SEALs shot and killed the three remaining pirates . The U.S. Navy recovered two loaded AK-47 assault rifles ; two gunstraps , each containing three AK-47 magazines ; one handgun magazine ; and multiple cell phones and handheld radios from the lifeboat , according to the complaint . CNN 's Deb Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : Criminal complaint says pirate suspect "  conducted himself as the leader " Judge rules piracy suspect will be tried as an adult Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse also faces conspiracy charges Suspect 's father says he 's 15 ; prosecution says boy indicated he 's older
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Buses that carry women only are experiencing a smooth ride with passengers in Mexico 's capital . A woman rides on a bus exclusively for female passengers last month in Mexico City . Fans of the new service call their daily commutes more pleasant now that bus rides steer clear of too-close-for-comfort contact with men . "  We 're not just talking about sexual harassment , about rapes or about incidents of violence , " said Ariadna Montiel , director of the Network of Passengers ' Transportation for the Government of the Federal District . "  But also about touching , staring , which is what generally occurs on public transport . " The single-sex service , which started in January , is available on four major lines in the city , and it 's expected to expand to another 15 . Other plans include replacing male drivers with women . One woman described the service as "  excellent , " saying it 's "  more comfortable too because it does n't make as many stops . " Another passenger said she feels more comfortable and safer . Last year , the government received seven complaints of sexual abuse aboard the city 's buses , which provide 200 million rides each year , officials said . Authorities said that a single complaint is enough to justify taking such measures . Juan Flores , who has driven buses in Mexico City for 15 years and now steers one for women only , said he even notices a difference . "  I feel more tranquil , I work more peacefully and the interior of the bus is cleaner , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report .	Passengers on female-only buses describe their commutes as more pleasant Seven complaints of sexual abuse aboard Mexico City buses made last year Single-sex service is available on four major lines in Mexican capital
CNN  -- The IndyCar Series is examining ways to make the sport safer after its four-time champion Dario Franchitti and several spectators were injured in a horror crash in Houston . The Scottish racer suffered concussion and two spinal fractures , and underwent surgery on his right ankle , following a final lap accident at the Grand Prix of Houston Sunday . An official and two spectators were also taken to hospital for evaluation following the incident . "  IndyCar is thoroughly reviewing the incident , " said a statement on IndyCar.com "  Reducing the risks that are associated with racing is one of our highest priorities and receives our constant and on going focus . "  Our thoughts remain with everyone affected by  the  accident . " The crash in Houston came almost two years after British driver Dan Wheldon died during a multi car wreck at the Las Vegas Indy 300 . Just months before his fatal crash in 2011 , two-time Indianapolis 500 winner Wheldon had tested the prototype car chassis for the 2012 season . Following his death , the chassis , designed by Italian company Dallara , was christened the DW-12 in his honor . In May of last year , Dallara made further significant safety improvements to the chassis . These steps to improve safety may have helped Franchitti avoid serious injury . However , following the latest incident , IndyCar is once again reviewing safety for its drivers and fans .	The IndyCar Series is examining ways to make the sport safer Dario Franchitti and three spectators taken to hospital following a crash in Houston Four-time champion Franchitti had surgery on an ankle injury Safety improvements have been made to IndyCar chassis since Dan Wheldon 's death in 2011
CNN  -- Table topping Argentina were held goalless by Colombia in a fiery South American World Cup qualifier which saw both sides end the match with 10 men . The first flashpoint came midway through the first half as Argentina 's Gonzalo Higuain clashed with Cristian Zapata and both were dismissed . Referee Marlon Escalante of Venezuela brandished his red cards after Zapata retaliated for an earlier Higuain foul . But the official was also involved in a controversial decision after the break as he ruled out a Sergio Aguero effort for offside to the fury of the home side 's coaching staff . An earlier Aguero ` goal ' was also chalked off for offside , while the second half introduction of Barcelona ace Lionel Messi , who is still nursing a hamstring injury , could not produce a breakthrough for Argentina . Argentina started the match in the Monumental Stadium in Buenos Aires in frantic style and David Ospina in the visiting goal made a series of stunning saves . "  Ospina was in excellent form for us , " Colombia coach Jose Pekerman told the official FIFA website . But Colombia also had their moments and Monaco bound striker Radamel Falcao wasted a great chance to put them ahead . As well as the red cards , Escalante also gave out eight yellows , but with the draw Argentina still stay five points clear of Colombia , who move into second after Ecuador 's 1-0 defeat to Peru . Veteran Claudio Pizarro scored the only goal to keep his side 's hopes of qualification alive . Chile won 2-1 in Paraguay , ending the home side 's chances of making the World Cup finals in Brazil next year while occupying the fourth and final automatic qualifying spot in the group . The fifth placed side enter a playoff against their Asian counterpart . In the CONCACAF qualifying group , Juergen Klinsmann 's United States team scored a vital 2-1 win in Jamaica . A Brad Evans goal settled the match in Kingston after Jermaine Beckford had canceled out Jozy Altidore 's opener of the U.S. . They are tied on seven points with Costa Rica and Mexico . In a tight group , Panama , who held Mexico to a draw in their latest match , are just a point behind . Costa Rica edged out neighbors Honduras 1-0 to maintain their strong challenge .	Argentina held 0-0 by Colombia in World Cup qualifier Both teams finish with 10 men in fiery clash Draw moves Colombia into second in Southam standings United States score 2-1 win over Jamaica in CONCACAF qualifying
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Police arrested a suspected top computer programmer for the Basque separatist group ETA in France Tuesday , the Spanish Interior Ministry said . The arrest comes a day after the separatist group 's latest cease-fire announcement . Despite the group 's declaration of a permanent general and verifiable cease-fire , police will not stop pressuring ETA , the Interior Ministry said . The programmer is accused of playing a key role in the group 's logistics by designing the computer codes that operatives used to secretly communicate , the ministry said . Police have been on the trail of the programmer for months , the ministry said . And authorities in Spain arrested the programmer 's girlfriend , also suspected of aiding ETA , according to the ministry . Police are also investigating whether the programmer allegedly helped Colombian FARC rebels with computer issues , but they have not confirmed a link with the leftist guerrilla group , the ministry said . In a statement released to the Basque newspaper Gara -- where it typically releases information -- ETA said Monday that it declared a permanent general and verifiable cease-fire as a "  firm commitment towards a process to achieve a lasting resolution and toward an end to the armed confrontation . " Spanish Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said that the government wants to see a statement from ETA calling for a definitive end , which he said Monday 's statement did not do . "  Am I more tranquil today than before ? Yes , " Perez said Monday . "  Is this the end ? I would say no . " Spain 's Socialist government has repeatedly called for ETA to announce unilaterally a definitive end to its decades of separatist violence , blamed for more than 800 deaths , and a pledge to lay down its weapons . ETA wants Basque independence in northern Spain and southwest France . Various Basque leftist parties -- including the Batasuna party , outlawed for its links to ETA -- as well as four Nobel peace laureates and the Nelson Mandela Foundation also have called in recent months for the organization to establish a permanent and verifiable cease-fire . The Batasuna party 's ban from running candidates in municipal elections will not be lifted because of ETA 's statement , the interior minister said . The latest statement comes after weeks of speculation in Spain that ETA would issue a statement during the holiday season . "  It is time to act with historical responsibility . ETA calls upon those governing Spain and France to end all repressive measures and to leave aside for once and for all their position of denial towards the Basque Country , " the statement said . Another part of the message said , "  The solution will come through the democratic process with dialogue and negotiation as its tools and with its compass pointed towards the will of the Basque people . " "  ETA will continue its indefatigable struggle and efforts to promote and to bring to a conclusion the democratic process until there is a truly democratic situation in the Basque Country , " it added . The organization has announced cease-fires before and broken them , notably its unilateral 2006 cease-fire that was announced as "  permanent , " only to be broken months later with a car bomb at Madrid 's airport that killed two people . Despite ETA 's current cease-fire , in effect since September , the government has not eased up on the police pressure against ETA operatives in Spain and the organization 's hideouts in neighboring France and Portugal . In the past few years , police have arrested many of ETA 's suspected top operatives , as well as many of its foot soldiers , and seized bomb-making materials and weapons from hidden arms caches , virtually shutting off ETA attacks . There are about 800 ETA convicts or suspects in prison , mainly in Spain but also in France , the Interior Ministry said recently . ETA is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union for its campaign of car bombings and shootings . The Spanish government of Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero began a peace process in 2006 during ETA 's earlier unilateral cease-fire , but after the organization detonated an airport bomb , the government called off negotiations . Since then , officials of Zapatero 's government have said they would not accept another cease-fire , only a definitive statement from ETA that it would end its armed fight , and specifying when and where it would lay down its arms forever . The Basque region in northern Spain already has considerable home-rule authority , with its own police , parliament , taxing power and control of health and education . But ETA rejects those as partial steps , and has fought for full independence . ETA 's goal is an independent Basque nation comprising the three-province Basque region and the neighboring Navarra region in Spain , along with three departments in southwest France that also have Basque roots . About 3 million people live in those areas now . Officials have said that in recent years , ETA has become weaker and more isolated from its traditional base of popular support .	A computer programmer is accused of playing a key role in the group 's logistics Police have been on his trail for months , Spain 's Interior Ministry says The Basque separatist group ETA has announced and broken other cease-fires ETA seeks independence for Basques in northern Spain and southwest France
CNN  -- When former Los Angeles police officer Christopher Dorner went on a vengeful killing spree this month , one couple found themselves under the protection of the same officers with whom they serve . Phil and Emada Tingirides , a captain and sergeant in the LAPD , respectively , experienced moments of fear that stretched into days of uncertainty after Dorner killed four people and wounded three others as part of a vendetta against his former comrades . Phil Tingirides was on the disciplinary board that terminated Dorner 's employment with the police department in 2008 , and was considered a primary target of Dorner 's because his name appeared on a manifesto written by the renegade cop . Opinion : In rampages , it 's about revenge In the document , which announced his planned rampage , Dorner said nothing had changed in the LAPD since its scandals of the 1990s , the Rodney King beating and the Rampart police corruption case . The Tingirides were among some 50 families that were placed under police protection because they were named as targets of Dorner 's rage . Phil Tingirides had never met Dorner before his disciplinary hearing years ago , and never spoke to him afterward . What a surprise for him , then , to be dragged into an unfolding nightmare this month . "  Never , ever did I think someone would go to this extent in their rage over the discipline that was handed down to them , " he said at a news conference Tuesday . The call informing him that he was a potential target came on a Wednesday afternoon . The first thing he did was call his wife and children and get them all back to his house . "  We hear threats all the time , but rarely so specifically , and that someone has already carried out in the most cowardly way , " he said . The couple has six kids in a blended family , ranging from 10 to 24 years in age . The biggest challenge was protecting the young ones from what they heard on television and social media about the manhunt for Dorner , Emada Tingirides said . "  We shut the TV off after the first day , " she said . What killed Dorner Under police protection in their own home , the parents tried to explain to the younger children what was going on , all while seeing "  their fear growing , " Phil Tingirides said . The parents never broke down in front of their kids , Emada Tingirides said , but the couple would sometimes sneak into the garage and cry . With television news ruled out , the family spent their time watching other channels and playing board games . Quality time , it turns out . "  We found that it brought our family closer together , " Phil Tingirides said . The manhunt ended last week when Dorner was cornered and died in the San Bernardino Mountains , about 100 miles east of the city he had once sworn to protect and serve . The 33-year-old former Navy officer holed up in a cabin after a shootout with law enforcement that left a sheriff 's deputy dead and another wounded , McMahon said . The cabin caught fire when police shot tear gas canisters into it . On Tuesday , Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said the department would review Dorner 's firing and all the claims made in his manifesto . The chief says the review is an act of transparency , to reassure the public that the department polices itself . Beck also said a process is underway to determine how much reward money may be paid out , and to whom . Authorities to decide fate of Dorner reward money	Some 50 families had to be protected during the manhunt for Christopher Dorner One couple talks about being named in Dorner 's manifesto and how they coped The police chief will conduct a review of Dorner 's claims
CNN  -- A group of 20 tourists , including two Americans , who were trapped at sea on a drifting ice floe in the Canadian Arctic are now safe after a stroke of luck . Their sheet of ice bumped into another one early Wednesday , the Canadian coast guard said . The second ice floe was touching land . "  They were able to walk from one ice floe to the other to land , " marine coordinator Christian Cafiti said . "  Everyone is safe and sound . " A rescue plane dropped survival kits onto the 3Â 1/2 - square-mile frozen sheet Tuesday , after the expedition alerted authorities to their plight . The kits included satellite phones , inflatable rafts and food rations . The plane kept an eye on them while they waited for helicopters to arrive . When the copters arrived early Wednesday , bad weather prevented them from hoisting the group on board . They are standing by to airlift them to an Arctic station . "  We are having regular conversations with them through satellite phone , " Cafiti said . The tourists do not appear to be in danger of exposure . They are dressed warmly and have been able to remain dry . Camping surprise The tourists were camping on the ice when the frozen sheet -- three times the size of New York City 's Central Park -- broke free early Tuesday , carried off by the tide . "  Ice breaking off is a very common thing at this time of year , " Canadian air force spokesman Steven Neta said . The floe drifted two miles away from land and appeared to start to crumble , Neta said . Had it fallen apart , the three rubber rafts were more than large enough to hold the whole group . The cold also was not too harsh . Even that far north , daytime highs in June often rise well above freezing . More than 220 rescued from ice floes off Latvian coast CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	NEW : The 20 tourists have walked to safety after their ice floe drifted back toward land NEW : Helicopters are standing by to take them to a base The group was trapped on a chunk of ice in the Canadian Arctic The tourists , including two Americans , received air-dropped survival kits that included rafts
CNN  -- Last week , Kaci Hickox , the nurse isolated and tested for Ebola in New Jersey when she returned from working with patients in Sierra Leone , came to a settlement in her legal battle with Maine over a forced quarantine in that state . A District Court judge ordered that she cooperate with "  direct active monitoring , " coordinate her movements with public health authorities and immediately report any symptoms but did n't otherwise restrict her movement . But was this the correct decision for the time -- based on medicine , scientific knowledge and best public health practices ? The panic response in much of the United States , as health workers and others have returned from Ebola-stricken West Africa , has pitted public officials against doctors against whole communities over the issue of quarantine . Who is right ? What is best ? Medical quarantines are as old as "  the plague . " They were used in the 14th century when ships arriving in Venice from plague-infected ports were forced to lay at anchor for quaranta giorni -- Italian for 40 days -- before landing . Quarantines quickly became the default mechanism for controlling outbreaks of untreatable diseases . But are these measures still needed , effective and appropriate in the 21st century ? More to the point , why has the U.S. Defense Department decided it will quarantine military personnel returning from Ebola-stricken areas of West Africa for 21 days , while the federal government has decided not to enforce quarantine , and multiple states have implemented various quarantine procedures ? Legally , the federal government has the authority to quarantine . U.S. Code grants the Public Health Service quarantine and inspection authority , and similar laws exist in most state constitutions . However , these powers have rarely been used , in part because advances in medicine have made such measures superfluous . In 2014 , we must evaluate laws , treatments and public health measures and adapt them to the times . We must ask if this ancient measure is applicable and reasonable during this Ebola public health emergency . There are multiple considerations ; public safety is a big one . But then there are costs : economic costs of instituting quarantine to the individual and his or her family and employer , and to local , state and national government ; economic costs of not instituting quarantine -- i.e. , the cost of providing health care if additional cases of Ebola arise . There is a price to pay in individual freedom as well as for the social and emotional effects of quarantine to individuals and families , and of course the social and emotional costs of not instituting quarantine . Certainly , there are political costs for instituting or not instituting quarantine , and there is a chilling effect on volunteerism for hazardous duty in the hot zone if volunteers can expect to be quarantined on their return home . In addition , there are practical issues such as the nature of the quarantine  voluntary vs. involuntary  , the length of quarantine , the locations of quarantine and alternatives to quarantine . But beyond all of these things , there are science and technology -- and this is critical . At a time when we have 21st-century tools and knowledge to decrease the world 's -- and the U.S. -- risk from Ebola , to preserve public freedom as best as possible , and to act to reduce not only the health risk but also the economic and social toll from this outbreak , ca n't we come up with a better solution than quarantine ? Yes , we can . Science , coupled with our on-the-ground experience in West Africa , demonstrates that a person who has the Ebola virus inside his or her body but who has not yet developed any symptoms does not have enough virus to share and is not contagious . In fact , on the day someone develops symptoms , the exceptionally sensitive blood polymerase-chain-reaction test for Ebola is often negative , and the test only becomes reliably positive two or even three days after symptoms start . That means someone without symptoms does not need to be in quarantine . It does mean , however , that someone with high exposure to Ebola virus needs to be monitored . Can we monitor safely without quarantine ? Yes , and this is where technology steps in . We have technology to monitor people with devices that can be placed on their wrists and that can send back  in real time  their pulse , temperatures and even their blood oxygen levels . These devices can relay information to a state public health office and send an alert to an assigned public health officer if there is an abnormal parameter . They can also be adapted to alert the person wearing the device to stop and call the public health office . This can allow for free range of movement and for a rapid stop to all movement the instant a person becomes symptomatic  if they ever do  . If you think that the use of a wrist-sensing device is an expensive option , it is not  about $ 100 per person  . Compare that with the option of a 21-day quarantine , estimated to cost a minimum of $ 1,000 a day per person . The Defense Department could use this option , too , but it has so far opted for quarantine . The reasons are simple . The military likely looked at the cost of managing an Ebola patient  which in the United States is about $ 18,000 to $ 24,000 a day  and decided that quarantining its personnel  which costs a lot less than the cost for a civilian to be quarantined  is a smaller price to pay than the risk of additional Ebola patients if one of its troops becomes symptomatic . The military must pay for medical care of all its personnel and has to avoid unnecessary risks . The Defense Department does not have to deal with the issues of who pays for quarantine and who pays for decreased work output while someone is in quarantine ; military laws apply , and the other issues of social , individual freedom , volunteerism and political costs do not apply . Nonetheless , those in the military , just like those of us in the civilian world should also simply apply current science and technology in handling the potential for Ebola infection . So , yes , the decision by the Maine court , which takes into consideration modern science , public health and public fear is reasonable and appropriate for our time . Let 's hope other states will make such clearheaded decisions .	Aileen Marty : Judge said Maine nurse Kaci Hickox did n't need Ebola quarantine But U.S. military says it will quarantine personnel coming from Ebola-stricken areas Marty says quarantine a plague-era practice , and modern science has better solution Marty : It 's cheaper and safer to monitor those exposed with high-tech , wrist-sensor devices
CNN  -- Thousands of people took to the streets of Puerto Rico on Thursday , paralyzing commercial activity in downtown San Juan to protest government budget cuts that are expected to result in at least 13,000 layoffs . Gov. Luis Fortuño 's office says that Puerto Rico 's economic downturn started four years ago . "  More employees , zero fired , " a sign held by one demonstrator read . The one-day general strike started at dawn and culminated at noon with a rally at the Plaza las Americas mall . Organizers said at least 100,000 people took part in the rally and thousands more stayed home from work . Federico Torres Montalvo , a union leader , said 200,000 people attended the rally . Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock estimated the number at no more than 15,000 . "  There 's no way you had 20 - or 25 - or 50,000 people there , " he said . There was no independent verification of the turnout . Confrontations between police and students blocking a highway in Puerto Rico eased late Thursday afternoon after the rally , which ended at 2:30 p.m. . But some students refused to leave a highway where they had blocked traffic , the news outlet primerahora.com said . When police stepped up their presence , the students confronted them and burned a tire , but there were no reports of violence or arrests . "  If things like this had happened in Washington , the capital of the free world , there would be prisoners now , " said Gov. Luis Fortuño , whose money-saving efforts were the focus of the demonstrators ' ire . "  Instead of looking behind , we have to look ahead . " Victor Villalba , president of the Puerto Rican Federation of Workers , lauded the turnout and criticized government efforts at privatization . "  They will have to pass over the bodies of thousands and thousands of Puerto Ricans before turning the government over to private businesses , " Villalba told the crowd . Aida Diaz , president of the teacher 's union , also praised the turnout . "  Today we said , ` Present , ' " she said . "  Tomorrow we will say , ` Present , ' because teaching is by the public , for the public . " University students , teachers and clergy leaders were among those who joined the strike . Negotiations between police and protesting students continued late into the afternoon . Methodist Bishop Juan Vera , a strike leader who had spoken at the rally , was one of the lead negotiators . "  We can feel how the soul of a whole people vibrates , " Vera said . At least six demonstrators required medical attention for dehydration and high blood pressure as a result of the heat and sun , the primerahora Web site reported . One woman was taken away in an ambulance . "  Everyone has the right to express themselves and we will guarantee that right , " Fortuño told CNN affiliate WAPA TV in a morning interview . "  The important thing is that we do it with respect , that we do it with order and that we understand that each of our rights ends where the other person 's begins . " News media reported no major incidents at the protest sites . Some University of Puerto Rico students got into shoving matches with police at the mall before the noon rally but no arrests were reported , said primerahora.com . The mall 's windows and doors had been covered with plywood and it was closed for the day . Its 3,000 employees and 300 stores , restaurants and banks make it the Caribbean 's largest . The demonstrators oppose Fortuño 's demand that nearly 17,000 workers be laid off to help close a $ 3.2 billion budget gap . McClintock said Thursday that the true number of public-sector job cuts , slated to take effect next month , will likely be closer to 13,000 . According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , Puerto Rico 's unemployment rate exceeds 15 percent . Some analysts expect the layoffs to propel that rate to at least 17 percent . In a statement issued Thursday , the governor 's office pointed out that the island 's economic downturn started in 2005 , three years before the recession hit the U.S. mainland . According to the statement , about 70 percent of Puerto Rico 's budget is dedicated to salaries and benefits for government employees . The U.S. protectorate , the statement said , has more government employees in proportion to population than any state . Its efforts are not unusual . Forty-three of the nation 's 50 states have implemented some form of payroll reduction , hiring freeze or layoffs , the release said . The government already has cut 10 percent in operating expenses by cutting back on official vehicles , cell phones and credit cards , and has instituted 10 percent pay cuts for the governor and agency heads through next year , the announcement said .	Confrontations between police , students blocking highway lessen after rally Union leaders claim large turnout for protest against 13,000 to 17,000 layoffs Thousands of strikers march at rally in San Juan , Puerto Rico Job cuts ordered to help close $ 3.2 billion budget gap amid high unemployment
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Lawyers representing Muslim Brotherhood members in a jailbreak case that includes former Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy called Saturday for the judges to be changed . As has been the case in previous proceedings , Morsy appeared in the courtroom from inside a soundproof glass box , a requirement he rejected last Sunday as a "  farce . " He and a number of leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood , which continues to back him , were present in the courtroom where they face prison-break charges stemming from the January 2011 uprising . On Saturday , one of the defense lawyers said the glass enclosure should either be removed or the defendants should be given a sign language expert -- and time to learn sign language -- before proceedings continue so they can communicate with their lawyers in private , as the law requires they be allowed to do . The three-judge panel 's refusal led to the request that they be changed . Typically , another judge or panel would look into the demand for change , though it was not clear Saturday which judicial district would do so . Judge Shaaban El-Shamy adjourned the case until Monday . "  The glass dock is to humiliate the defendants , " Mohamed Selim El-Awa , the lead attorney , said Sunday . "  This is unprecedented in the world . " A glitch in the sound system that had allegedly made it difficult for defendants Sunday to hear what was going on in the courtroom appeared to have been repaired by Saturday . During Saturday 's proceeding , defense lawyer Kamal Mandour filed a complaint against what he described as crimes committed by the military leaders of last year 's coup , in which the nation 's first democratically elected president was deposed . As Mandour ticked off the coup leaders ' alleged crimes -- among them obstruction of the constitution and staging the coup -- Morsy added "  and for killing over 3,000 people " in sit-ins . Mandour continued , "  and for the ongoing killings in the face of peaceful protests . " He called for an investigation into the crimes "  to stop the ongoing bloodshed . " Another defense lawyer , Mohamed El-Damaty , called for the case against Morsy and the others to be dismissed "  because it was borne out of the womb of the counterrevolution that happened on July 3 . " That was a reference to Morsy 's removal last year from the presidency and by Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi . Most of the leaders of the January 25 , 2011 , revolution that toppled longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak and led to Morsy 's election the following year , especially Islamists , "  have been thrown into prison with fictitious evidence , " El-Damaty said . He called the continuing legal wrangling an attempt to uproot the Muslim Brotherhood and to "  uphold the foundation of the counterrevolution and military dictatorship . " But the prosecution objected to the arguments , describing them as political and irrelevant to the case . The defense attorneys ' arguments were all about "  the country , the political scene and targeted messages , " the prosecutor said . "  The prosecution has no right to object , " responded defense attorney Mohamed Abu Leila , who requested that the judges overseeing the case be changed . It is his right to say things that the prosecutor may not understand , but which could prove useful later in the case , he said . Morsy himself was allowed to speak twice . "  Farces take place in your presence , " he said in remarks directed to the judge that were referring to a recording leaked to the news media of what he had thought was a private conversation between him and his lawyer . He maintained that he remains the country 's legitimate president and called upon the people of Egypt to continue "  their peaceful revolution . " "  People are aware of the truth behind the coup , " Morsy said . Morsy repeated his earlier assertion that the court proceeding was unconstitutional , describing it in English as "  null and void . " Morsy has been charged with inciting the killings of political opponents and organizing a 2011 jailbreak by members of his then-banned Muslim Brotherhood . Morsy , the former head of the Brotherhood 's political arm , won office in 2012 . Shortly after he was elected , he resigned from the Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice party in an effort to show he would represent all Egyptians . But he was ousted in a coup a year later amid widespread protests against his rule , with opponents accusing him of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government . Morsy and other Brotherhood leaders were rounded up after the coup . The Brotherhood had long been suppressed during the 29-year rule of Mubarak . But it emerged as the most powerful political force in Egypt after the popular revolt that toppled Mubarak in 2011 . Rights groups and other pundits say the military-backed government that replaced Morsy has returned to the authoritarian practices of Mubarak , if not worse .	Glass enclosure should be removed or defendants allowed to learn sign language , lawyers say The judges ' refusal of that request led to the lawyers ' demand that they be removed "  People are aware of the truth behind the coup , " Morsy says
CNN  With the discovery of a gray , fossilized jawbone in a remote corner of Ethiopia , a student at Arizona State University may have changed our understanding of our earliest ancestors . The partial lower jaw is the oldest known fossil evidence of the genus Homo , to which modern day humans belong , according to a study published Wednesday in the journal Science . The jawbone has been dated to 2.8 million years ago -- which predates the previously known fossils of the Homo lineage by approximately 400,000 years , according to Arizona State University . Chalachew Seyoum , a graduate student from Ethiopia , came across the fossil -- the left side of a lower jaw with five teeth -- while on a field expedition in the Afar region of eastern Ethiopia in 2013 . "  Honestly , it was an exciting moment , " Seyoum said , according to a news release from the university . "  I had good experience in field surveying and knew where potential sediments are . I climbed up a little plateau and found this specimen right on the edge of the hill . " The age of the fossil means it could help fill in an important gap in our knowledge . Fossil found by fisherman may reveal new type of ancient human It also means the Homo genus could have evolved nearly half a million years earlier than previously thought . Researchers have previously found fossil remains dating back 3 million years or more , such as the skeleton of "  Lucy , " the famous 3.2 million-year-old remains of the species Australopithecus afarensis . Those remains were found in 1974 not far from the site of the latest discovery . Scientists have also found fossils that are 2.3 million years old and younger , which are in the genus Homo and are closer to modern day humans . But until now there has been little fossil evidence from the 700,000 years in between -- a crucial period in the evolution from hominids like Lucy to the Homo genus . "  The importance of the specimen is that it adds a data point to a period of time in our ancestry in which we have very little information , " said William H. Kimbel , director of ASU 's Institute of Human Origins , in the university 's news release . "  This is a little piece of the puzzle that opens the door to new types of questions and field investigations that we can go after to try to find additional evidence to fill in this poorly known time period . " The jawbone , found in the Ledi-Geraru area of the Afar region , combines features seen in Australopithecus afarensis with those seen in later specimens of the Homo genus , according to the study . Professor Kaye Reed , of Arizona State University , said the discovery was the result of years of searching in the area . Surveying began in 2002 , she said , but researchers only began to pick up fossils in the area where the jawbone was found in 2012 , having realized the sediments there were old enough to yield Australopithecus afarensis specimens . "  Instead , we were rewarded with a much more exciting discovery , " she said . Already the team has been able to establish that this early human ancestor walked on two legs and lived in a dry , arid climate , Reed said . Researchers are still working to determine what it ate and whether it used stone tools . "  It 's an excellent case of a transitional fossil in a critical time period in human evolution , " said Kimbel . Paleolithic skull may shed light on humans ' path from Africa	The jawbone was found in Ethiopia 's Afar region , not far from where "  Lucy " was discovered It has been dated to 2.8 million years ago , which means it helps fill in a crucial gap in our knowledge
CNN  -- At this very moment , 500 miles above your freckle-pocked head , a half-million pieces of junk are orbiting around the Earth . Derelict spacecraft , chunks of machinery deliberately ejected from their vehicles , defunct satellites and even sad specks of paint from spaceships long gone all loop around the vacuity , a sad , eternal ballet of useless crap  according to an alarmingly cracker-barrel website from NASA  . But much closer to your fingers lies an equally vacuous void : the Internet , home to millions of pages of unwanted or abandoned debris , swirling slowly in the churn of search results and spider-combing . But figuring out how to handle your own outdated Web content is tricky business . Instead of doing the online equivalent of littering -- sweeping yesteryear into a dustbin of 0s and 1s -- refer to our handy guide for dealing with the past . Your wedding website -- two weeks after the big day Informative wedding pages are ever-so-useful in the months leading up to the nuptials ; they provide travel and lodging information , present the greedy wedding registries in a nonobnoxious way and give us lots of opportunities to laugh in private over those super awkward engagement pics where the woman 's standing behind the dude and clutching his pectorals and the guy 's wearing an expression of laughing-gas bliss . But such sites lose much of their usefulness after the ceremony . And before long , they take on the gloating tone of a groom who 's still using a wedding shot as his Facebook profile pic 11 months after the event . Our two cents : Update the website shortly after you return from your sun-soaked honeymoon with pictures from the event and an earnest , grateful message to all who were there in flesh or spirit . Do n't beg guests to contribute their memories to an online guest book -- they bought you a present ; their obligation is done . Let the domain registration or hosting die out in the year following your wedding , and get on with it already . The Facebook profile of a loved one who 's passed away Recently , a reader wrote in to ask what she should do with her departed stepdaughter 's Facebook page . It 's a tough scenario , and it might seem like a silly thing to worry about in the tangle of grieving . But Facebook actually has a memorialization feature , and there 's good reason to take advantage of it : It freezes the account so no one else can log in as the user , and it allows only already-confirmed friends to write on the wall in remembrance . That person will no longer show up as a suggested photo tag or in "  people you may know . " In short , it allows the Facebook page to become an homage , an interactive equivalent of a memory book . Check the Facebook help page for more information ; family members also can shut down the account permanently , but in many cases the online memorial may be gentler on everybody . Your embarrassing relics of Web 2.0 If you are of Generation Y , and you tapped away on a hulking desktop in your parents ' den through your high school years , you probably have one or more of the following : -- A Myspace page listing interests such as "  purses ! " and "  vintage stores ! " and featuring an image of you looking haughtily up at a webcam -- An embarrassing tapestry of snaps in your public Photobucket account -- An angsty LiveJournal , Xanga or Blogspot account peppered with complaints about your parents/teachers/The Man , as well as various and sundry Dashboard Confessional lyrics . If you 're older , the references might change : websites someone made for that overly involved professional football league , a derailed blog purporting to document your child 's first year of life , whatever . But the fact remains that these relics , when happened upon by bosses , new swains or those who have a vendetta against you , are just , well , embarrassing . Usually , making such exhibitionist accounts private will do the trick ; if you ca n't remember your log-in information  and your e-mail address has changed , rendering the "  forgot your password ? " option useless  , e-mail or call the company to ask it to log you in or take the page down . Because like those hulking chunks of orbital debris , you never know when they 'll jet onto a dangerous collision course .	Update a wedding website immediately after the event , then let it die in a year Facebook has a memorialization feature , so take advantage of it Website relics are just , well , embarrassing ; make them private or delete them
CNN  -- The pilot or pilots aboard an unresponsive plane that flew from the United States over the Caribbean Sea on Friday may have been stricken by cerebral hypoxia -- a fancy term for when your brain is deprived of oxygen . The North American Aerospace Defense Command  NORAD  scrambled fighter jets to check on the plane and suggested on Twitter that hypoxia may be to blame . Before the small plane 's windows frosted , fighter pilots tracking the plane could see a pilot slumped over , a NORAD official said . Cerebral hypoxia can happen to pilots if they reach too high of an altitude or if there is a loss in cabin pressure . It can also be the result of carbon monoxide poisoning or breathing in too much smoke from a fire . There is a progressive reduction of oxygen per breath the higher the altitude . Every pilot 's reaction to hypoxia is different , according to a the Federal Aviation Administration . But is extremely hard for a person to tell when it is happening to them because the onset of symptoms is subtle . In the beginning , pilots may experience an increase in the rate at which they breathe . They also may feel lightheaded or dizzy . Eventually , they will start to lose coordination . They will experience tunnel vision and their judgment would become impaired . Brain cells are particularly vulnerable to a lack of oxygen . Without it they can die off and cause permanent brain damage . When a brain goes without oxygen for too long , the part of the brain that helps with breathing can stop working and can keep you from breathing . Federal investigators believe golfer Payne Stewart 's Learjet went down in 1999 after his plane lost cabin pressure during its flight . In that case , a low-pressure alarm could be heard on the cockpit voice recorder recovered from the wreckage . The FAA said his plane climbed as high as 51,000 feet . The human body has limited ability to function above 10,000 feet without additional oxygen .	Cerebral hypoxia can be caused by flying at too high an altitude It can cause someone to pass out , stop breathing temporarily or die Pilots tracking the plane could see a pilot slumped over , NORAD says
An Amber Alert has been issued in Oregon for a 16-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy believed to have been abducted by James DiMaggio , who authorities suspect kidnapped the children after their mother 's body was found in his burned-down house in San Diego , the Oregon State Police said Wednesday . The alert was broadcast after a possible sighting Wednesday afternoon of a vehicle wanted in connection with the case , police said . A spokeswoman in San Diego later said the tip did n't pan out , but Lt. Gregg Hastings with the Oregon State Police said he had n't heard that . "  We are not turning our back to this and we are doing what we can to locate that suspect vehicle and the missing children , " he said . An arrest warrant for murder has been issued for DiMaggio . In the event of his arrest , a judge has signed off on a $ 1 million bond , said San Diego County Superior Court spokeswoman Karen Dalton . Also found in the home were charred human remains consistent with those of an 8-year-old child , a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation said Wednesday . Police are awaiting DNA tests to confirm whether the remains are of the missing boy , police said . A San Diego County sheriff 's detective previously had said the remains could be those of Ethan Anderson , one of two children for whom the Amber Alert was issued . Meanwhile , Ethan 's father made a public plea Tuesday to the suspect , who is believed to have abducted the boy 's sister , Hannah . The father asked DiMaggio to release Hannah , who along with Ethan went missing after their mother was killed . A massive manhunt is under way for DiMaggio , 40 , whom law enforcement authorities describe as a friend of the mother , Christina Anderson . DiMaggio was the owner and sole resident of the burned home where Anderson 's body and the remains of the child were found . "  Jim , I ca n't fathom what you were thinking . The damage is done . I 'm begging you to let my daughter go . You 've taken everything else , " Brett Anderson , the children 's father , said in an appearance before reporters . "  Hannah , we all love you very much . If you have a chance , you take it , you run . You 'll be found , " he said . The father did not mention Ethan in his remarks , prompting a reporter to ask San Diego County Sheriff 's Department Lt. Glenn Giannantonio whether the remains of the child found in the house might be those of the boy . "  We do n't know who that is that was found in the rubble . It is a possibility that it 's Ethan . It 's a possibility that 's another child that we have n't identified yet , or do n't realize is missing yet , " Giannantonio said . "  Right now , we just do n't know , and we 're praying that it was n't Ethan , " he said . Authorities are following up on tips and casting a wide net for DiMaggio and the children . "  We 've received some information that either Texas or Canada may have been the destination he was heading to . Realistically , we do n't know where they 're going , " Giannantonio said . "  We 're looking everywhere . " The remains of Anderson , of Lakeside , California , were found while firefighters extinguished a blaze that broke out at DiMaggio 's home in the enclave of Boulevard around 8 p.m. Sunday . Authorities believe she was killed . Her mother , Sara Britt , said Christina Anderson was 44 years old , not 42 as earlier reported . Hannah Anderson was last seen at 3 p.m. Saturday at cheerleading practice , according to Britt and her other daughter , Jennifer Willis . Ethan was supposed to be at football practice at 8 a.m. Sunday but never showed , the two relatives said . DiMaggio was like an uncle to the family , but he was having financial problems , the two relatives said . "  We know that they were lifelong friends . We 're not exactly sure what that relationship was . We do n't know if Hannah 's with him willingly or not . We just do n't know right now , " San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 on Wednesday . California authorities also issued an Amber Alert . Once they did , information was distributed to residents ' cell phones statewide through the Wireless Emergency Alert program , according to the California Highway Patrol . The wireless program was instituted in December 2012 , and this was the first time it had been used statewide , CHP Public Information Officer Erin Komatsubara told HLN . On HLN 's "  Raising America " on Tuesday , the children 's aunt , Andrea Saincome , said that DiMaggio had known the family for years and that it would not have been unusual for the mother and children to be at his house . "  There was nothing out of the ordinary , " Saincome told HLN 's Christi Paul . "  He seemed like a genuinely nice guy . He was close to the kids , and he was friends with my sister and my brother-in-law . " The children were reported missing by their grandparents on Sunday . Giannantonio said he did not know what led them to believe their grandchildren were missing . Giannantonio would not release any details about how Anderson was killed , but said arson investigators believe they know how the fire was started . Authorities also found burned weapons in the residence . The sheriff 's office released several photos of DiMaggio , and Giannantonio said he was believed to be driving a blue , four-door Nissan Versa with California license plate 6WCU986 . However , he might have switched vehicles , taken public transportation or be hunkered down somewhere , Giannantonio said . He asked for the public 's help , as did Gore . "  We need all the eyes and ears out there we can get in trying to find both DiMaggio and hopefully those two kids , " the sheriff said . "  Citizens should not try to interfere with this person at all . He 's already proven he 's a pretty dangerous fella . " Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department Homicide Detail at 858-974-2321 or submit an anonymous tip to Crime Stoppers at 888-580-8477 .	"  We need all the eyes and ears out there we can get , " sheriff says The alert was issued after a possible sighting of a vehicle connected to the case Bond in arrest warrant is set at $ 1 million Hannah Anderson , 16 , and Ethan Anderson , 8 , are missing
CNN  -- More than 1,300 Palestinians died and about 5,400 others were wounded during Israel 's three-week offensive in Gaza , the Web site of the Palestinian Authority 's Central Bureau of Statistics said Monday . A Palestinian man Monday prays in the rubble of his home , destroyed during Israel 's offensive in Gaza . Louay Shabana , head of the agency , said more than 22,000 buildings were damaged or destroyed . Shabana put the economic destruction at more than $ 1.9 billion . The fighting largely stopped Sunday with a cease-fire . Israel has said 13 of its citizens -- including 10 soldiers -- were killed during the offensive , which started December 27 . Israel said its offensive was aimed at stopping Hamas militants from firing rockets into southern Israel . Gaza is in need of humanitarian , economic , sanitary and social help as a result of the Israeli attacks , Shabana said . The attacks destroyed public sector and private buildings in Gaza , affecting even the United Nations Relief and Works Agency 's facilities and halting economic and social services , the statistics agency said . Watch Palestinians recover bodies from rubble " Gaza 's gross domestic product was slashed by 85 percent during the 22 days of war , and it could take a year for the economy to recover , the agency said in a preliminary report . About 80 percent of crops in Gaza were destroyed , according to the agency . "  The pervasive sense here among the population is one of overwhelming grief , so many families have been destroyed in so many ways , " said John Ging , the top United Nations official in Gaza . Ging , UNRWA 's Gaza director of operations , said the bill could reach "  billions of dollars . " Among the dead were 159 children , two of whom died in an UNRWA school that was shelled Saturday , Ging said . Gaza 's main border crossings , which Israel often closed in response to Hamas rocket attacks , were open Monday . Infrastructure repairs were being made , but 400,000 people still had no water , according to Ging . Streets in some northern Gaza towns were flooded with sewage , and about 50 U.N. facilities were damaged , he said . More than 170 supply trucks crossed into Gaza on Monday , less than a third of the daily number that crossed in 2005 , said John Holmes , U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief coordinator . Israel tried to avoid civilian casualties in Gaza , a senior Israel Defense Forces officer said in a posting Monday on the IDF Web site . "  This was not a war against the Palestinians , " he said . "  It was an operation of self-defense against Hamas and related terror organizations . Unfortunately , this task was made extremely difficult by Hamas , as they made the choice to use civilians as human shields . " Israel began the offensive in response to rocket fire by Hamas militants after showing eight years of restraint , the officer said . The operation 's goal , he said , "  was to improve the security situation in southern Israel , and to facilitate peaceful living for the Israeli civilians living there . " "  We asked ourselves how to accomplish this , and the answer was to hit Hamas hard -- to strike the tunnels , the terrorists themselves , and all of their assets -- in order to prevent them from committing war crimes by firing rockets that target our civilian population , " the officer said . He said seven rockets have been fired from Gaza into Israel since Sunday 's cease-fire declaration . "  We want to give this cease-fire a chance , but if Hamas chooses not to , we will utilize all of our means , " he said .	Israeli offensive caused $ 1.9 billion in economic destruction in Gaza , official says It could take a year for Gaza 's economy to recover , Palestinian agency says U.N. official : 159 children among 1,300 people killed in Gaza during offensive
New York  CNN  -- In a scathing ruling , a federal judge has denied a request by Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law to have alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed testify in his defense at trial , either by teleconference from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp or via deposition . In a motion to the court over the weekend , Sulaiman Abu Ghaith 's defense team said Mohammed can provide evidence that their client had no knowledge of planned terror attacks and asked that portions of an unsworn , written statement by Mohammed be allowed before the jury even if his testimony was not . Mohammed , the admitted mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , issued a rambling defense of Abu Gaith , who is on trial in New York . Abu Gaith is accused of being al Qaeda 's propagandist in the wake of the 9/11 attacks . The rare statement by Mohammed was in response to questions from Abu Gaith 's attorney and was filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan on Sunday night . At a hearing on the matter Tuesday morning , U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan called the defense motion "  entirely baseless " and said nothing Mohammed may testify to is relevant to Abu Ghaith 's case . "  There is n't a shred of evidence that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ever met Sulaiman Abu Ghaith at all , " Kaplan said . Abu Ghaith was captured last year after years of being among a group of alleged al Qaeda operatives sheltered in Iran . He was arrested in Turkey and deported to Kuwait via Jordan , which helped U.S. agents capture him . In his statement , Mohammed said Abu Gaith was a "  pious man " and among many scholars drawn to Afghanistan when the Taliban took control of the country in the mid-1990s . He said he does n't recall meeting Abu Ghaith and that , as a scholar and preacher , Abu Ghaith would n't have known about military operations , in part because al Qaeda was careful to restrict access to such information . "  He did not play any military role , and to the best of my knowledge , he did not receive any military training at any of the training camps for the mujahedeen in Afghanistan , " Mohammed said . Prosecutors had objected to Mohammed 's testimony , saying the issue is causing unnecessary delays and is inconsequential because Mohammed has said he will not agree to testify . "  This is a motion for what ? They have no witness , judge , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney Nicholas Lewin at the hearing . Abu Ghaith 's defense attorney Stanley Cohen said the defense team has worked as quickly as possible since last summer to secure Mohammed 's testimony , but stalling and administrative roadblocks by the Department of Defense made their efforts futile . "  At the end of the day , the DoD was never going to let Khalid Sheikh Mohammed appear in a courtroom , " said Cohen in court . A clearly aggravated Kaplan dismissed Cohen 's claim and instead said the defense team "  sat on their hands " as the case headed for trial . Kaplan also noted that the attorneys were offered the opportunity last month to conduct an in-person interview with Mohammed at Guantanamo Bay , but for some reason changed their minds and submitted written questions only . When Cohen rose to respond , he was told to sit back down . Cohen and co-counsel Zoe Dolan told CNN after the hearing that they abandoned the plan to interview Mohammed when they were told representatives for the Department of Defense and the Department of Justice would be present . Also Tuesday , Kaplan told Dolan she may face sanctions for improperly bringing another motion alleging the prosecution has not turned over exhibits to the defense as required . As the attorney began to respond , Kaplan adjourned the session and left the bench . The jury returns Wednesday morning for testimony by an audio expert for the defense about the authenticity of an audio recording allegedly featuring the defendant and a character witness who is traveling from Kuwait to testify .	Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , is accused of being al Qaeda 's propagandist His defense wanted testimony by admitted 9/11 mastermind , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed A federal judge called the request "  entirely baseless " in a scathing ruling
Washington  CNN  -- A Pennsylvania woman has been indicted for conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and kill a person in a foreign country , the Justice Department announced Tuesday . Colleen LaRose , known as "  Jihad Jane " and "  Fatima LaRose , " has also been charged with making false statements to a government official and attempted identity theft . She was arrested in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on October 15 , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . No arraignment date has been set , the official said . LaRose is being held at the Federal Detention Center in Philadelphia , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office . LaRose and five unindicted co-conspirators recruited men on the Internet "  to wage violent jihad in South Asia and Europe , and recruited women on the Internet who had passports and the ability to travel to and around Europe in support of violent jihad , " according to a Justice Department statement . Irish police arrest 7 on murder plot charges If convicted , LaRose faces a possible life prison sentence and a $ 1 million fine , the statement said . The conspiracy began in June 2008 , when LaRose posted a comment on YouTube under the username JihadJane saying she is "  desperate to do something somehow to help " Muslims , according to the indictment unsealed Tuesday . From December 2008 to October 2009 , LaRose engaged in electronic communication with the five co-conspirators about their shared desires to wage jihad and become martyrs , according to the indictment . Read the indictment  PDF LaRose and the co-conspirators , according to the statement , used the Internet to establish relationships with each another and develop plans "  which included martyring themselves , soliciting funds for terrorists , soliciting passports and avoiding travel restrictions  through the collection of passports and through marriage  in order to wage violent jihad . " According to a U.S. government official familiar with the case , LaRose was successful in recruiting some people to join the cause . She also was able to raise money , the official said , adding that she was in contact with committed jihadists in South Asia , Western Europe and Eastern Europe . The official declined to link her to any specific terrorist organizations . LaRose , the indictment claims , stole a U.S. passport at one point in order to "  facilitate an act of international terrorism . " She received "  a direct order to kill a citizen and resident of Sweden , and to do so in a way that would frighten ` the whole Kufar -LSB- non-believer -RSB- world . ' " The indictment does not identify the Swedish resident , but a government official familiar with the case acknowledged that Swedish cartoonist Lars Vilks was the intended target . Justice Department officials declined to comment . "  I will make this my goal till I achieve it or die trying , " LaRose said via electronic communication , according to the indictment . LaRose , along with the co-conspirators , believed that "  her appearance and American citizenship would help her blend in while carrying out her plans , calling it a possible "  way to achieve what is in my heart , " according to the indictment . The indictment alleges that LaRose even agreed to marry one of the co-conspirators to obtain residency status in a European country . LaRose traveled to Europe in August and "  tracked the intended target online in an effort to complete her task , " the statement said . According to the indictment , LaRose told the co-conspirator who ordered the murder that she considers it an "  honour & a great pleasure to die or kill for " the co-conspirator and pledged that "  only death will stop me here that I am so close to the target . " The killing did not occur , and LaRose was arrested about two weeks after the electronic message was sent . Mark Wilson , a federal public defender representing LaRose , declined to comment on the case Tuesday . LaRose , according to the Justice Department , was born in 1963 and lives outside Philadelphia in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : Official says Swedish cartoonist was target Justice Department says Colleen LaRose , five others developed plans for martyrdom She could receive life sentence , $ 1 million fine
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A long line snaked around the perimeter of a large hotel conference room as people waited eagerly to meet a former Texas congressman who they view as an icon in the modern libertarian movement . Ron Paul had finished delivering a nearly hour-long speech to a gathering of Florida libertarians on Friday night , and he was now signing copies of books , t-shirts , posters and even a few paintings . Paul might have retired from Congress last year , but he has n't gone away quietly . The eclectic group of activists who backed the Texas Republican in his back-to-back presidential runs still support him even as it appears many of them are ready to turn to his son , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , if he follows in his dad 's footsteps and runs for president in 2016 . Rand Paul , who was elected in 2010 , has quickly become a national figure in his own right due to his willingness to buck traditional GOP ideology , and a strong following among young , libertarian minded voters and self-described "  tea party " activists . Rand Paul 's appeal among the grassroots has helped rank him , according to early polling , as a top contender for the Republican presidential nomination if he runs . And unlike his father , Rand Paul is more closely aligned with the GOP establishment . But as Rand Paul 's star continues to rise , where does he stand among Ron Paul 's most ardent supporters ? While a few attendees at the conference argued Rand Paul is too moderate , many say he strikes the right balance that the movement needs -- a pragmatic choice to its principled core . Or as Chris Sankey , a 29-year-old from Tampa , put it : "  Rand is running the company , and Ron 's chairman of the board . " Walking a fine line It 's clear many Ron Paul supporters do n't view Rand as a replacement for his father . In their eyes , Ron is still the trailblazing legend that sparked a libertarian resurgence . Rand Paul : Will his star continue to rise ? To the movement , "  he 's the intellectual godfather , " said conference attendee Glen Chancy , 44 , of Apopka . But in multiple conversations , conference attendees said they thought that Rand Paul 's plan is to spread the so-called liberty message in a more strategic way than his father 's vocal and largely-purist method . In Ron Paul 's 2008 and 2012 presidential bids , he unabashedly called for an end to the Federal Reserve and other huge areas of government that many Americans consider necessary . The son 's tactical approach has some Ron Paul supporters concerned that he will compromise his libertarian positions . In the past year , Rand Paul has taken heat for his stance on NSA leaker Edward Snowden , who is praised as a hero by many in the libertarian movement , including Paul 's father . But Rand Paul says Snowden still broke the law and should serve time in prison , even though he credits the ex-agency contractor for disclosing important information . Rand Paul addressed the Florida summit Sunday morning live via video link . The event was hosted by Campaign for Liberty , an organization founded by Ron Paul in 2008 . During Rand Paul 's brief video session to the conference -- a vastly smaller audience than the crowd that turned out for his father 's speech Friday night -- Rand Paul was asked by an attendee what he thinks should be an appropriate sentence for Snowden . While the senator has previously said Snowden deserves "  a few years " in prison , he said Sunday he has "  mixed emotions " and he does n't know what kind of penalty Snowden should get . But he argued whistleblowers should have more protections under the law and joked that Snowden and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper should share the same prison cell . Browse through the vast web of blogs and websites that fall under the libertarian umbrella , and you 'll find a number of opinions that say Rand Paul 's position on Snowden should come as no surprise , claiming the senator has always been a weak representation of libertarian views . Some attendees at the conference noted the Snowden issue was a point of contention but said they can overlook it , in part due to Rand Paul 's aggressive push against the Obama administration over the very data collection programs that Snowden exposed . "  You see Rand Paul compromise a lot more with Republicans and Democrats than you would with Ron Paul , " said Andy August , another conference attendee . "  But it 's politics . You got to play the field a little bit , and he 's willing to play that ball and he 's willing to get our issues and our ideas out into the mainstream . That 's what 's important . " ` Line in the sand ' Foreign policy is also an arena in which Rand Paul has created concern among some of his father 's supporters . Ron Paul is a strict non-interventionist . He decries foreign aid , including to Israel , and wants to rid the world of U.S. military bases overseas . Rand Paul takes another step towards White House run "  The last thing in the world we need is to be involved in the internal affairs of the other nations , " the former congressman said in his speech Friday . As seen in Rand Paul 's position on the recent unrest in Ukraine and Russia 's annexation of Crimea , the senator is n't as staunchly opposed to getting involved in other parts of the world . While he voted against a $ 1 billion loan guarantee to Ukraine , he still favors technical and security assistance to the country . Last month , he argued that President Barack Obama was failing to project Ronald Reagan 's "  peace through strength " policy , and he called for the United States to be even more aggressive on its diplomatic efforts relating to Russia . "  It is our role as a global leader to be the strongest nation in opposing Russia 's latest aggression , " he wrote in an opinion piece . It 's his evolving stance on foreign policy that Ron Paul supporters -- at least the ones at this conference -- most fear will drive Rand Paul too far to the left . But Republican pundits say it will also be his biggest hurdle to cross in terms of attracting potential donors to a presidential campaign . "  If Rand Paul is serious about running for president , he 's going to have to make peace with ` national security Republicans , ' the big donors that care about national security , " said Republican strategist John Feehery , adding he 'll need to "  distinguish himself from his father " in that regard . Sankey , the conference attendee who also runs a t-shirt company called The Liberty Outfitters , said if Rand Paul trends more mainstream on foreign policy , that shift could become a deal breaker with Ron Paul supporters . "  The liberty movement has to ask itself where is the line in the sand when it comes to being principled and winning , " he said . ` Playing the field ' But Rand Paul 's differences with his dad are n't the first things on the minds of Ron Paul supporters when they think about the senator . Many are excited that he 's adopted an ambassadorial role and appears to be somewhat effective at attracting more Republicans with his libertarian-leaning views . He 's been climbing in the 2016 horse race polls in recent months . In March , he did what his father never did and took the top spot in a CNN/ORC International survey . He 's boosting his profile with an aggressive travel schedule , headlining GOP events across the country and making appearances in liberal hotspots , like the University of California at Berkeley . Among 2016 chatter , his name increasingly comes up as a potentially viable candidate , not simply a figurehead for libertarian ideas , as his father was often portrayed in his two White House bids . Rand Paul fights for felon voting rights Jeff Frazee , executive director of Young Americans for Liberty , told CNN last month that he disagreed that Rand Paul 's recent outreach will put him at risk of compromising his views . Rather , he said the senator is simply translating libertarian views in a way that 's more appealing to other voters . "  He is the son of Ron Paul . He has Ron Paul 's DNA in him , and I think it 's kind of engrained all the way down to who he is , " Frazee said . Cory Massimino , an 18-year-old student at Seminole State College , disagrees . He thinks Rand Paul is a lot more moderate than his father , but he added that 's not necessarily a bad thing . For many libertarians , he said , they see Rand Paul as the movement 's best chance of permeating Washington with their views , even if he 's not a pure libertarian . "  I try to remember to not let the perfect get in the way of the good , " he said .	Ron Paul might have retired from Congress last year , but he has n't gone away quietly Unlike his father , Sen. Rand Paul is more closely aligned with the GOP establishment It 's clear many Ron Paul supporters do n't view Rand as a replacement for his father Some Ron Paul supporters are concerned Rand Paul will compromise libertarian positions
CNN  -- Co-hosts Sri Lanka became the first team to book a quarterfinal place at the Cricket World Cup after demolishing Zimbabwe by 139 runs on Thursday thanks to a superb all-round performance from Tillakaratne Dilshan . The man-of-the-match became just the 11th player to score a hundred and take four wickets in a 50-over international . Opening batsmen Dilshan and Upul Tharanga shared a competition-record first-wicket stand of 282 as Sri Lanka made 327-6 in front of a home crowd at the Pallekele stadium in Kandy . The duo smashed the previous record of 194 set by Pakistan 's Saeed Anwar and Wajahatullah Wasti in 1999 , and also secured the fourth-highest partnership ever in a one-day international game . And both openers scored a century to set a new first in a World Cup match , with Dilshan making 144 from 131 deliveries faced and Tharanga 133 off 141 after Zimbabwe captain Elton Chigumbura won the toss and opted to field first . Tharanga was the first to fall near the end of the 45th over , becoming the first of four victims for fast bowler Chris Mpofu , and Zimbabwe did well to restrict the 1996 champions to just another 45 runs from the final five overs . The African side made a solid 116-run start in reply before world record-holder Muttiah Muralitharan broke the partnership , dismissing Regis Chakabva for 35 as the first of three wickets in his final match in his home city before retiring after the tournament . The Zimbabweans then lost their last nine wickets for just 63 runs to be all out for 188 in 39 overs as Angelo Mathews got rid of Tatenda Taibu  4  and opener Brendan Taylor  80  before Dilshan had Prosper Utseya  4  stumped by wicketkeeper Kumar Sangakkara . Dilshan found himself on a hat-trick after trapping Craig Ervine leg before wicket for 17 and then having Greg Lamb superbly caught at slip by Mahela Jayawardene -- but the captain then spilled a similar chance off Graeme Cremer from the next delivery . Dilshan also dismissed Tinashe Panyangara lbw for a duck to end with the remarkable figures of 4-4 off three overs , while Muralitharan bowled last man Mpofu to end with 3-34 . "  Dilshan has that magic touch with bat , ball and on the field , " Sri Lanka skipper Kumar Sangakkara told reporters . "  Murali is a champion . That 's why he is rated the best in the world . When the tough times come , he stands up . " The result put Sri Lanka top of Group A , a point ahead of second-placed New Zealand , who Sangakkara 's team face in their final match on March 18 . Zimbabwe trail Pakistan and Australia in fifth place , and face a difficult battle to progress after three defeats from four of their six matches . They must win their remaining two matches against Pakistan on March 14 and Kenya on March 20 to have any chance of making the top-four . Friday 's action moves to Group B , where Ireland seek to follow up last week 's upset win over England by beating the West Indies in Chandigarh , having lost to India on Sunday . England , who bounced back from that setback to defeat South Africa on Sunday , take on co-hosts Bangladesh in Chittagong .	Sri Lanka first team to qualify for the quarterfinals of the Cricket World Cup Co-hosts defeated minnows Zimbabwe by 139 runs in front of home crowd in Kandy Tillakaratne Dilshan and Upul Tharanga both make centuries and share a record stand of 282 Dilshan also takes four wickets for just four runs as Zimbabwe all out for 188
CNN  -- In Eritrea , as in most of east Africa , football -- or soccer -- is a passion . But so dire is its economic and political situation that its best players , in fact the whole national team , defected in 2009 while at a tournament in Kenya . A leaked U.S. diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks uses "  the beautiful game " to describe an ever uglier situation in this small but strategically important state in the Horn of Africa . In a dispatch from December 2009 , then-Ambassador Ronald McMullen wrote : "  Many dusty streets in Asmara are filled with urchins kicking an old sock stuffed with rags back and forth between goals made of piled stones . Senior government and party officials are avid fans of the British Premier League and sometimes leave official functions early to catch key matches . " As for the missing national team , he writes : "  Only the coach and an escorting colonel reportedly returned to Eritrea .  One wonders why , given their likely fate .  " The government denied any players had gone missing . Eritrea has only known one leader since winning independence from Ethiopia in 1993 - Isaias Afwerki . And the cables assert that his mercurial and dictatorial ways are largely to blame for the country 's parlous state . In its short life , Eritrea has been involved in a ruinous border war with Ethiopia that cost thousands of lives , and is regularly accused by Western governments and the United Nations of supplying arms to Islamic militants in Somalia -- a charge raised by the ambassador with Eritrean officials . One cable quotes a leading businessman as saying Isaias is mentally ill : "  The worse things get , the more he tries to take direct control -- it does n't work . " Another cable from earlier in 2009 says bluntly : "  The country 's unhinged dictator remains cruel and defiant . " "  The regime is facing mounting international pressure for years of malign behavior in the neighborhood . Human rights abuses are commonplace and most young Eritreans , along with the professional class , dream of fleeing the country , even to squalid refugee camps in Ethiopia or Sudan , " according to another dispatch . According to the cables , the government 's stock answer was to blame America "  and its puppet Ethiopia " for all its troubles , with President Isaias at one point claiming that the CIA was trying to lure Eritrea 's youth abroad . There was apparently a brief initiative to improve relations soon after President Barack Obama 's election , with Ambassador McMullen describing an unusual picnic he attended at the invitation of a senior Eritrean official . "  Lunch was served in a rocky gulch beneath a thorny acacia tree . The ambassador and his wife were treated to grilled sheep innards served with honey and chili sauce  but no silverware  , washed down with a sour , semi-fermented traditional drink called , aptly , "  sewa . " But Eritrea 's alleged support for the Shabab militia - an affiliate of al Qaeda - did n't help matters . One cable quotes the ambassador as telling Eritrean officials : "  Eritrean support for Somali extremists obviates closer ties and Eritrea will be held accountable for any al-Shabaab attack on the United States . " "  How do you think we would react to a major al-Shabaab terrorist attack against the United States ? " the ambassador asked . "  This seems to have driven home the point to our Eritrean interlocutors . " Another cable scoffs at the idea that mining gold will come to Eritrea 's rescue , describing recently-discovered seams as like "  Neapolitan ice cream , with a thin layer of gold atop thicker layers of copper and zinc . " In a country whose exports were worth just $ 14 million in 2008 , even that might help . But the ambassador concludes : "  In short , there is no help on the immediate horizon for Eritrea 's faltering economy . " One leaked cable also described tensions within the military , with a conference of colonels deteriorating into a serious row . "  The bone of contention ? Perceived differences in the quality of the villas  often confiscated from the original owners  given to the colonels by the regime to maintain their allegiance , " the cable said . However , the cables suggest President Isaias may be in power for some time to come . One from November 2009 concluded : "  Isaias is clever , very good at operational security , and two decades younger than Mugabe , " -- the Zimbabwean president who has been in power for thirty years . "  While many in Eritrea long for change , few are in a position to effect it , " it said . As for the Eritrean people , the cables suggest that their long fight for independence has made them resilient . "  Eritreans remain fiercely patriotic , " it said . "  In the face of deprivation and oppression , the time-tested best practice is to shut up , hunker down , and pray for rain . "	Cable : Key government officials are avid fans of British Premier League games The cables blame country 's leader for its parlous state Some cables say that Eritrea blames America for its woes The president may be in power for sometime to come , the cables say
CNN  -- A 50-year-old California woman reported missing more than a week ago -- having last told her teenage daughter she was heading to a nearby drugstore -- was found dead , police said . The Oakland Police Department said Tuesday in an e-mail that the Alameda County coroner 's office has identified the remains of a woman found Friday in Solano County , which is between Sacramento and San Francisco , as those of Sandra Coke . Coke , who worked as an investigator in the Federal Public Defender 's Office in Sacramento , was reported missing by her family on August 4 . "  She was a loving mother , daughter , sister and auntie , and a shining light in our family ; her good cheer , easy laugh and generous hugs will be missed , " her family said Tuesday in a statement . "  Those of us who were privileged to know Sandra will remember her as an unusually kind , generous and big-hearted person . " Reports on a Facebook site tied to the family noted that Coke had gone to an Oakland drugstore intending to meet someone she thought had information about her missing dog . Her 15-year-old daughter called Coke 's longtime friend , Wendy Springer , hours later when her mother had n't returned home . Her car -- a 2007 Mini Cooper convertible -- was found in a parking lot the next day . "  She would never have left her daughter for more than 15 minutes and not checked in , " Springer told reporters Thursday . That day , family members announced a $ 100,000 reward for information that would lead to Coke . They also spearheaded efforts to canvass the northern California city that she called home . According to Oakland police , Coke had been in good mental and physical health with no history of being reported missing . News of her death spurred an outpouring of condolences , including from Democratic campaign strategist Christine Pelosi and Natasha Minsker , a local ACLU leader who tweeted that Coke "  will be missed by many . " The grief was palpable in the statement from Coke 's family , who hailed her impact professionally and personally on many people . "  She passionately devoted her professional life to helping the poor and those who endured difficult childhoods , " the family said . "  All of us will miss Sandra 's beautiful , giving spirit . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Sandra Coke , 50 , was reported missing by her family on August 4 She 'd told her daughter she was going to a drugstore , never returned Her remains were found last week in Solano County , California , police say She was "  a shining light in our family , " the Coke family says
CNN  -- The big story of the GOP presidential race these days is how Gov. Rick Perry has suddenly burst into the sky as a new star . Whether he will continue to burn brightly or flame out is probably the most important question no one can answer . Only a few weeks ago , the Republican field seemed both weak and settled . Michele Bachmann introduced some uncertainty when she sparkled at the CNN debate in New Hampshire and won the straw poll in Iowa . But she seemed unlikely to catch the front-runner , Mitt Romney . Indeed , he was on cruise control , comfortably out front in polls and money . Then , boom ! Perry jumps in and turns the race upside down . A CNN poll taken over the weekend showed Perry building a 12-point lead over Romney among Republican voters , 30-18 with Sarah Palin third and Ron Paul slipping to fourth . Did last night 's debate change the underlying dynamics ? Let 's await the verdict of voters , but my sense is that Rick Perry walked out the same way he walked in : front-runner . Mitt Romney has a better command of the facts and , at the CNN debate last night in Tampa , again won on points . But Perry has "  command presence " -- that ineffable quality people look for in leaders . Especially in hard , uncertain times , people want someone strong and decisive up front , steering . Romney looks more the manager , Perry the leader . There is something muscular , tough , almost animalistic about Perry that seems to be resonating among Republicans -- at least for the moment . It 's partly the way he carries himself -- shoulders back , chest forward , a confident stride . It 's partly his smile as others beat up on him . But it 's mostly the way he talks -- simple , straight-to-the-point , colloquial , no qualifiers , cut the B.S. Conservatism served straight up . People are so tired of lying , pandering and political correctness that they enjoy the change : "  He did n't say Ponzi scheme , did he ? Wow ! " He may not be book smart , but he is street smart -- and wily . His appeal may well be limited to tea partiers and the hard right . Judging from Twitter traffic , many others who tuned in last night were horrified by what they saw . "  Lock all those candidates up in the hall so they wo n't destroy the country , " was a typical response from the left . And there were groans as well that the evening was not only too right but too white . We remain a splintered people , so that it may be exceedingly difficult for anyone to govern in the next few years . What do you think of the GOP candidates ? Still , the tendency to write off Perry -- especially among the Eastern elite -- is a mistake . Last week , after his debut in the Reagan Library debate where he called Social Security a failure and a Ponzi scheme , the word went out from the commentariat that Perry was toast . Wrong ! If anything , he went up among Republican voters , not down . For anyone who was around 30 years ago , the comparisons to the Reagan campaign of 1980 are obvious : One of the most qualified men in history  George H.W. Bush  versus an ex-Hollywood actor . Both were good men , but there was a difference : While Bush knew his stuff , Reagan knew how to lead . In uncertain times , voters in both the primaries and the general elections turned to the candidate who offered strength and decisiveness . Gerald Seib has an excellent column in today 's Wall Street Journal that explores in more depth . Let 's be clear : Perry could well flame out in coming weeks . He could easily get into trouble for what he says . His tendency to shoot from the lip brings back uncomfortable memories of George W . There are those who insist that he could also get into trouble for what he may have done . His detractors in Texas are spreading the word that he plays on the edges and plays rough . His rivals are starting to dig as are out-of-state press . Will anything come of it ? No one knows . Some in Texas have stirred up trouble against him for years , and he keeps winning . Ironically , if Perry does flame out , he will have done Mitt Romney an enormous favor . Not only has Perry made Romney seem more mainstream as a candidate , but he has also lifted the quality of Romney 's game -- Romney was much crisper and more animated last night than when he was on cruise control . If Romney now beats Perry for the nomination , he will have much better chops for the general election . Still , those in the White House who are hoping that Perry is their opponent next fall should take a second look . As scary as he may seem to many , Perry could offer the tough , decisive leadership that a lot of people want in tough times . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : The big news in GOP contest is the sudden rise of Rick Perry He says Texas governor is n't winning debates on points Gergen says Perry projects a feeling of command and leadership Perry could still flame out , but he should n't be written off , says Gergen
CNN  -- A police search at a Cleveland , Ohio , property where the remains of 11 women were found , as well as an adjoining property , turned up no additional human remains , authorities said Wednesday . Six members of the Cuyahoga County Coroner 's Office 's office were on standby Wednesday as investigators returned to the home to dig by hand , according to a coroner 's spokesman . The digging focused on areas on the property of Anthony Sowell , a registered sex offender who served 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to attempted rape , as well as a property next door . "  Investigators removed various items that will be examined for investigative value , " Cleveland police Lt. Thomas Stacho said in a statement . No more remains were found , he said , and no further search of either home or yard is planned . Federal agents , meanwhile , have nearly completed a timeline tracing Sowell 's whereabouts from his days in the military and beyond , Scott Wilson , spokesman for the FBI 's Cleveland office , told CNN . Cleveland homicide detectives asked the FBI to trace Sowell 's life from the time he joined the Marines at age 18 to his life in Ohio . In the military , Sowell was based in California , North Carolina and even Japan before moving back to Ohio after spending eight years in the Marines . "  We 're looking for any unsolved crimes to match what happened here , " Wilson said . Given the number of bodies found at Sowell 's home , crime experts have told CNN , it would n't be uncommon for authorities to look for links to other unsolved cases . Police and the FBI have said they 're looking at the unsolved murders of three women in East Cleveland to determine if they share any similarities with the remains of 11 women found at Sowell 's home between October 29 and November 3 . Sowell faces five counts of aggravated murder , rape , felonious assault and kidnapping in connection with the deaths . In addition , police in Coronado , California , are attempting to determine if Sowell is linked to a 1979 rape there . Sowell 's DNA will be entered into a national database to see whether it can be linked to any unsolved crimes . The timeline is just a start , Wilson said . "  We 'll take several weeks to a month before we get all these leads out to our other offices for them to take a look at . " Investigators returned to Sowell 's home to search it and the adjacent property on Friday and Saturday . They used thermal-imaging equipment and ground-penetrating radar and marked several areas outside the home with spray paint . The search Wednesday focused on areas identified during the recent use of thermal imaging equipment and radar technology , Stacho said . Wednesday 's search was conducted by Cleveland police and the Cuyahoga County Coroner 's Office , the FBI and Cleveland 's Department of Building and Housing .	NEW : Search at home and adjoining property turns up no additional bodies , police say NEW : Investigators took items to be "  examined for investigative value , " police lieutenant says Thermal imaging and radar were used during the search Wednesday Bodies of 11 women were found at the property where Anthony Sowell , 50 , lived
CNN  -- The cruise-line industry is a rough business . Every time a passenger ship leaves port with a guest cabin unoccupied , that 's money the cruise operators are never going to see . Last week Micky Arison , the longtime chief executive of Carnival Corp. , announced that he will be stepping down ; revenues at the world 's largest cruise-ship line have been falling . Arison will remain as chairman of the firm , but a new CEO will step in . Cruise companies have always had to contend with uncertainties in the economy , which sometimes make travelers cautious about planning leisure trips , and Carnival has faced widespread unpleasant publicity in recent years . The Costa Concordia , owned by a subsidiary of the corporation , ran aground and partially sank off the coast of Italy in 2012 , killing 32 people . This year the Carnival Triumph lost power in the Gulf of Mexico after a fire in the engine room , creating distressing conditions onboard for its more than 3,000 passengers . The very nature of the cruise business -- the relentless competition between various lines , the need to fill those staterooms , a fickle public with a multiplicity of options for how and where to vacation -- might cause sleepless nights for executives , but for certain people , it provides a dream scenario : A seldom-considered way to live the ultimate beach-bum fantasy , 21st-century style . It 's not for everyone . You need to , at least temporarily , have unlimited time on your hands , and you need to have saved , or come upon , some money that you wo n't one day regret using up this way . And a desire , at least once during your time on Earth , to live your life as if it 's a Jimmy Buffett song . A few years back , I was on a cruise ship after a week at sea with the Surf City Allstars , the band with whom I occasionally travel and sing . Most of the passengers , on that final morning , were harried and tense about gathering up all their baggage and making the jarring reentry to the mundane real world . The fun was over . But in a lounge area of the ship , one man sat near us as he waited for his debarkation group to be called . He seemed as serene and calmly blissful as if he was just getting ready to start a cruise , not end one . That 's because he was . The way he explained it to us , he had parted company with the corporation that employed him ; we got the impression that this was not voluntary on his part . He had been given some severance . So , he told us , he had figured out a way , for a relatively small amount of money , to live , for a while , like a king . Like a sultan at sea . He was now , he said , residing virtually full-time on cruise ships -- eating gourmet meals , lounging in the sun , listening to music and going to stage shows at night , sleeping in freshly made-up beds with the oceans of the world lulling him to sleep . How could he do this ? Each week , he explained , he 'd get on his computer and do searches for cheap , last-minute cruise deals . There are websites that specialize in exactly that . He was counting on the need of all those cruise lines to fill every cabin -- he was counting on their willingness to do just about anything to get rid of their inventory  the unoccupied rooms  as their ships were about to sail . He said that , by waiting until the last minute , and by not particularly caring where the ship with the best bargain was heading , he was able to find astonishing rates . The ship upon which we were talking had been sailing the Caribbean for a week . I believe he told us that the seven-day cruise , with all meals included , had cost him , as the clock ticked down and the rock-bottom price popped up , a little more than $ 300 . There is no way , on dry land , that you can eat a week of extravagant multi-course dinners in fine restaurants for $ 300 -- much less get living quarters , entertainment , recreation and all your other meals , too . That winter , he said , he 'd made the decision to base himself in the Fort Lauderdale , Florida , area , near the massive Port Everglades seaport . Occasionally he would have to pay for a night or two in a budget hotel before the next ship left , but his goal was to get off one ship , wait a few hours , and get right back on another . And , while at sea , get on the internet and search for the next bargain . For many people , a cruise is a once-in-a-lifetime treat . He had figured out how to make it his everyday world . Now ... there are tradeoffs . You do n't get to plan in advance and choose exactly where you want to go . But if you do it every week , do you really care if , on a particular week , one of the ports of call is St. Lucia instead of St. Thomas ? The Dominican Republic instead of Costa Rica ? It does n't matter -- for you , it 's all travel roulette . The downside -- and it 's a huge one -- is that you are cast adrift in many ways . Eventually , when your money runs out , you are going to have to think about rejoining the world of ambition and ladder-climbing , and trying to make up for lost time . You have to be the kind of person who can be content with the thought that you are accomplishing and accruing absolutely nothing while other people , back on land , are applying for jobs and working for promotions that will bring them financial security . You have to be comfortable in the company of complete strangers , who materialize and then disappear week-by-week . You ca n't be a person with a family who is expecting you at the dinner table back home . And , although you do n't have to be trust-fund wealthy , you have to somehow have $ 400 or $ 500 a week on hand , for weeks on end . But the opportunity , for a particular kind of person , is there . The modern-day combination of a vast cruise industry , and an internet that makes finding 11th-hour bargains effortless , means that you can , for as long as you are able to get away with it , indulge yourself in an endless summer , letting rootlessness be a virtue . Probably very few people reading these words will find themselves in a position , or a frame of mind , to do it , but maybe , the next time the cubicle culture begins to feel too confining , just the thought of it will bring a smile . On gray days , it has for me . I 've thought , from time to time , of that guy on the ship , and wondered how long he was able to make it last . Or whether it became a case of too much ice cream -- if he ended up deciding that the long meal of life was not meant to be an infinite succession of desserts . And whether a fellow like Micky Arison , the head of Carnival , with all of the job 's challenges and headaches , ever daydreams of being that guy instead . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : On a cruise , if a guest cabin goes unoccupied , that 's money that 's lost Greene met a man who was living virtually full-time on cruise ships at rock bottom rates He was living the ultimate beach-bum fantasy , 21st-century style , Greene says Greene : The downside is that you are cast adrift in many ways
CNN  -- Alabama 's governor pledged to take quick action to clean up and rebuild his tornado-ravaged state in a speech to lawmakers Tuesday . The state will pay local communities ' debris removal costs for 30 days "  to make sure there is no delay in getting this recovery and rebuilding process moving quickly , " Gov. Robert Bentley announced , eliciting applause from legislators . "  We have spent much of the last six days in a rescue stage , " Bentley said . "  And as much as we pray for additional survivors , we must now enter the recovery process . " Bentley spoke less than a week after an epic outbreak of violent weather killed hundreds as it ripped across the South . The National Weather Service has confirmed that more than 20 large tornadoes touched down in Alabama alone , leaving behind "  utter devastation in towns large and small , " Bentley said . Officials there are still tallying the dead , clearing roads , trying to restore power and finding temporary homes for those displaced by the storms . Bentley said 38 counties in the state have been declared disaster areas by the federal government . . The state emergency management agency 's latest death toll from the storms , released Saturday , was 250 . The agency reported 2,219 injuries . The total number of people killed in five other states -- Arkansas , Mississippi , Tennessee , Georgia and Virginia -- during Wednesday 's storms was at least 89 . Alabama officials have said they would not release further death toll and injury reports until all the missing can be accounted for and final totals of the dead and injured can be confirmed . "  Our state has never seen a natural disaster of this magnitude , " Bentley said . In Hackleburg , where authorities said a tornado tore through at 200 mph , the "  entire town is leveled , " Bentley said . "  Many lives were lost , and the community 's largest employer is gone , " he said . On the opposite side of the state , in the town of Ider , Alabama , the situation is "  much the same , " Bentley said . "  Not only did families there lose their homes , they lost chicken houses . Now , what that means is , they do n't have any way to provide for their families . The story repeats itself in town after town , " he said . Alabama poultry producers claim to have lost more than 2 million birds because of the storms , according to emergency management officials . Meanwhile , about 150,000 customers in the state remained without power Tuesday , emergency management officials said , and it could take another week to restore power in some areas . More than 400 displaced people were in 18 shelters . However , emergency responders say the actual number of people left homeless by the storms is much higher , because that total does not reflect the number of people taken in by family and friends . "  The road to recovery will be long and it will be hard . But I will share that road with you as it leads to a greater and a stronger Alabama , " Bentley said .	NEW : "  We must now enter the recovery process , " Gov. Robert Bentley says NEW : Bentley says the state will pay local governments ' debris-removal costs for 30 days About 150,000 Alabama customers are without power The state 's poultry producers say they have lost 2 million birds
CNN  -- Sherri Shepherd is ready for a new "  view . " In Monday 's pre-recorded episode of ABC 's "  The View , " Shepherd was both optimistic and emotional . "  The View " co-host announced in June she would be leaving the show after seven seasons . In her final farewell , which Sherri admitted was loaded in the teleprompter , Shepherd got ahead of the headlines and joked about the state of her personal life . With son Jeffrey sitting by her side , Shepherd said , "  When I joined the view seven years ago Jeffrey was 2 years old and I was going through a very public divorce . Now my son is 9 years old and I 'm going through another very public divorce . Let 's just say I 'm happy that Barbara Walters and Bill Geddes were better at picking co-hosts for this show than I was at choosing my husbands . " On a more positive note , Shepherd emphasized that her time on the show was "  a dream come true . " "  I 'm so extremely and profoundly grateful . This has been one of the best seven years of my life , " Shepherd reflected . "  I did n't want to take this job . ... I have to say my boss Barbara Walters pushed me . I cried in my dressing room for three years saying , ` What am I doing on this table ? I do n't know what I 'm doing ! ' " "  Look , this table is just not going to be the same without you , " said co-host Whoopi Goldberg . Goldberg is the only current host who will return for Season 18 , but she will be joined by returning host Rosie O'Donnell . It wo n't be long until fans can see Sherri back in the spotlight . Shepherd will make her Broadway debut as Cinderella 's wicked stepmother come September . A new , retooled season of "  The View " begins in September .	Sherri Shepherd said an emotional goodbye to "  The View " She co-hosted the daytime talk show for the last seven years Shepherd will next appear on Broadway in "  Cinderella "
