CNN  -- Doctors chose a woman who survived a shotgun wound to her face as the first recipient of a face transplant after treating her for nearly four years . This image projects what Connie Culp , 46 , may look like two years after the face transplant . Connie Culp knew of the Cleveland Clinic 's interest in face transplants and approached the medical staff , doctors said at a news conference Tuesday . Dr. Maria Siemionow , the Cleveland , Ohio , hospital 's director of plastic surgery research and head of microsurgery training , had more than 20 years of experience in complex transplants . By 2004 , Siemionow was looking for the right candidate for a face transplant who was n't doing it for vanity . "  They are not looking to go out on the street and be beautiful , " Siemionow told CNN in a 2006 interview . "  Some of these patients , when they were interviewed just said ' I want to walk on the street and just make sure I am not sticking out . ' They just want to have a normal face . " The doctors examined the patient 's history , motivation and ability to understand the risks of the transplant . And they found Culp to be an ideal candidate . Five years after a gun blast shattered her nose , cheeks and upper lip , she had a band of scar tissue extending across her face . "  The most devastating of all was the fact that society had rejected her and children were afraid of her , " said Siemionow , who led the December 10 transplant operation . See before and after photos of Culp " Culp , a mother of two and a grandmother , told her doctors she could understand that some adults would shun her . "  But what really bothered her the most were children -- the children that shied away from her , " said Dr. Frank Papay , the chairman of Institute of Dermatology and Plastic Surgery at the Cleveland Clinic . "  That sense of innocence , and her not being able to see that innocence really , really affected her . " The shooting In September 2004 , Culp 's estranged husband shot her in the face in an attempted murder-suicide outside a restaurant in Hopedale , Ohio , according to CNN affiliate WTOV in Steubenville , Ohio . Culp was 8 feet away from her husband , Thomas Culp , when he pulled the shotgun 's trigger . He then turned the weapon on himself , according to local news reports . They both survived . Thomas Culp was sent to prison . Despite her wounds , she told WTOV in 2008 , "  I 'll always love him . He was my first love . " At the same time , Culp said , she felt angry . "  I would n't be human if I did n't . I forgive him , but I have to go on , you know ? " After the shooting , Culp recuperated in a hospital and in a personal care home for two years . Culp told WTOV she had vision problems and was learning Braille . Her approach to life was to "  keep motivated . Do n't sleep your life away -- that could have happened . I could be depressed . I 'm not . " As she spoke , her breaths emitted a small whistle from her tracheotomy tube , which protruded from a surgical opening in her neck . "  I can not smell . I will never be able to smell , " she said in the interview . Culp was wrong . How doctors transplanted a face The doctors at the Cleveland Clinic analyzed Culp 's injuries using CAT scans and developed plastic models of her skull . They practiced face transplant operation on cadavers several times . Culp met with the hospital 's surgeons , ethical committee members and psychiatry and psychology specialists who determined that she was an ideal candidate for the surgery . Then , the wait for the right donor began in 2008 . "  We thought we were going to wait a long time because we had to find a Caucasian female in her mid 40s to match Connie , so we expected a year before we were able to find a donor , " said Papay , who is also head of craniofacial surgery . "  Well , three to four months later , I got a call at around midnight from Dr. Siemionow saying ' I think we have a donor . ' " The family of a brain dead woman granted permission to use her face . He likened the preparation for the December transplant to a rocket launch , saying , "  Everything was prepared beforehand very , very , very carefully . " Surgeons sheared out the donor 's mid-facial area including the lower eyelids , cheekbones , the nose , some of the sinus and the whole upper jaw , with the blood vessels . Watch CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss the face transplant " When it came time to move the donor 's parts to Culp , they had to see that the donor and recipient parts aligned . "  One of the ways you can tell that is how your upper teeth fit to the lower teeth , " Papay said . "  We knew it was like a hand in a glove , exactly where we needed to be . " They secured the bones into Culp 's face using titanium plates and screws . Then the microvascular surgeons attached the vessels . They tucked the scars around Culp 's ears or underneath her eyelid , where they would not be visible . How the doctors operated " Doctors added more skin than needed in case of tissue rejection . After monitoring Culp 's progress , doctors say they will remove the excess tissue and tighten her jawline in future surgeries . Contrary to science fiction and movies , the surgery did not make Culp look like the donor . "  If you just took the skin and transplanted it to the other patient , the bony structure is different , " Papay said . "  If you took the bony structure and transplanted it on the other side , it ends up being a composite . So , it does n't look like the donor . It does n't look like the recipient . It ends up looking like someone new . " Recovery At this point , all the transplanted parts of Culp 's face are functioning except for her facial nerves , which are growing about an inch a month . Doctors anticipate Culp will be able to have full facial function -- and more expression -- by this winter . In physical therapy , she learns to train her nerves , make facial expressions , smile and purse her lips , doctors said . "  If you cry or you laugh or you smile , it 's not like you think about it . You just emotionally do it . So that 's a wait and see for us , " Papay said . "  As far as the emotional one , that 's really the key issue . A far as when she laughs , cries and grimaces and gets angry at you ... what 's her face going to look like ? That 's the exciting part about it . " Five months after the first face transplant in the United States , Culp lives at home . She has checkups with the medical staff once or twice a month and will do so for the next year , her doctors said . Initially , Culp used immunosuppressants that transplanted kidney , liver or heart patients would normally take . Transplant patients must take immune-suppressing drugs throughout their lifetime to prevent tissue rejection . But she showed improvements that enabled the doctors to reduce her regimen to one medication , doctors said . "  She 's taking her medications , " Siemionow said . "  We know she is compliant . She cares about how she looks . She has her hair done in a new color ... She is full of life . She does her push-ups . She 's on the treadmill . What else can I say ? "	Face transplant recipient was shot in 2004 by her husband In a 2008 interview she told CNN affiliate that she forgave her husband Doctors say Connie Culp fit criteria for ideal face transplant recipient
Washington  CNN  -- Superfluous  su-PER-flu-us  : Adjective . Unnecessary or needless ; difficult to pronounce for a president with a split lip . President Barack Obama grappled with the word Sunday evening at a White House event for this year 's Kennedy Center honorees as he read from an opinion by legendary Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes . "  It 's this lip . It 's hard to say , " Obama said to chuckles from the audience . "  You try it when you 've had 12 stitches . " The Chart : What happens when you split your lip Obama got a dozen stitches in his lip after being elbowed during a pickup basketball game the day after Thanksgiving . He received applause from the crowd when he finally managed to pronounce the word , included in a 1926 dissent from Holmes in defense of the arts . "  To many people , the superfluous is necessary , " Holmes wrote . "  The theater is necessary . Dance is necessary . Song is necessary . The arts are necessary . They are a necessary part of our lives . " To that , Obama added , "  The men and women here tonight embody that idea . Tonight it is my honor to offer them the appreciation of a grateful nation . " This year 's Kennedy Center honorees include country-and-western singer-songwriter Merle Haggard ; ex-Beatle Paul McCartney ; veteran Broadway composer Jerry Herman ; dancer and choreographer Bill T. Jones ; and television host and actress Oprah Winfrey , a fellow Chicagoan and an early Obama supporter . At a reception in the East Room of the White House prior to the awards ceremony , the president applauded this year 's honorees . "  Each of these honorees help us understand the human experience -- to illuminate our past , to help us understand our present , and to give us the courage to face our future , " said Obama . While the president spoke of each honoree 's accomplishments he used a single sentence to sum up his take on the reigning queen of daytime talk , "  Michelle and I love Oprah , " he said . Winfrey , a woman accustomed to celebrating others ' accomplishments , was visibly moved by Sunday 's recognition . "  It feels like you on your very best day , " she told CNN . "  It feels like when every single thing in your life comes together in one moment to say , ` Wow . That actually happened for me . ' " Winfrey also smiled when asked about the president 's praise for her earlier in the evening . "  He said he loved me , " she said . "  He said he loved me . " Among the president 's guests were actress Julia Roberts , Winfrey 's friend Gayle King , actors Alec Baldwin and Sidney Poitier and singer and former Kennedy Center honoree Diana Ross . CNN 's Padmananda Rama and Lauren Pratapas contributed to this report .	President 's struggle drew chuckles at White House event "  You try it when you 've had 12 stitches , " Obama says Honorees for Kennedy Center awards range from Merle Haggard to Oprah Winfrey
CNN  -- How much hope can I have in the president who has deported people at a higher rate than any other in the nation 's history ? Asking myself this question is how I kept my emotions in check as I watched President Obama announce his policy on immigration Tuesday . After living undocumented for more than 18 years , and hoping that one day my sister , my parents and I wo n't be considered "  illegal " in this country , my mental health often depends on managing my expectations . My family and I came to the United States when I was 10 years old from Mexico City , and have grown up thinking of Chicago as our home . Opinion : U.S. needs 21st century immigration plan Although my parents have tried to shield us from the effects of being undocumented , we know that my father used to walk the streets looking for work , and that more than once his wages were stolen , with employers using his immigration status as a threat . I think of my father as the most likely member of our family to be racially profiled , and I worry every time he goes to work . My mom has seen her father only once in the last 18 years , and I know she misses him and her sisters and brothers . And my sister and I are reminded every day of the barriers of being undocumented , when we can not apply for a job , a scholarship , or pay the bond of a family friend in deportation proceedings . The first time I watched President Obama speak about immigration , I felt the excitement in my stomach . It was sometime early in his presidency , when many of us still believed he would make significant changes in immigration policy during his first term . I listened to every word he said -- that we are a nation of immigrants -- and allowed myself to imagine a life without worrying my dad would not come home ; a moment when my mom might get to see her dad and her sisters again without having to chose between our lives here and her family ; a chance for my sister and I to be evaluated on our work and contributions and not our immigration status ; a moment to live without fear . But the actions of his government failed to match his words . Opinion : Stars align at last for immigration plan This is why I have learned to keep my hopes in check . Not only because of the years without action , but also because the lives of immigrant communities have become even harder . Here are a few examples : -- More than 1.4 million people have been deported since Obama took office , at a faster rate than under any other president . -- The federal government has continued to collaborate with local law enforcement that uses immigration laws to intimidate immigrant communities and racially profile Latinos , such as Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio . -- Immigration detention centers continue their inhumane treatment of detainees , particularly those with mental health problems , medical illnesses and those who are gay , lesbian , bisexual or transgender . -- Undocumented workers continue to be targeted by the Department of Homeland Security , even in my hometown of Chicago , where a series of operations led to the detention of scores of workers , including more than a dozen day laborers detained while looking for work . -- Even with prosecutorial discretion policies , undocumented people who have no criminal history , those who are not a threat to the safety of the country , and those who are only working to support their families , continue to be deported . It is important to say I also recognize significant steps forward under Obama . My sister and I qualify for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , and are in the process of applying . I must admit , I am excited about having a work permit and being able to travel outside the United States . After the failure of the Congress to pass the Development , Relief , and Education for Alien Minors  DREAM  Act , it has been a welcome , if limited , relief . But I can not ignore the continued suffering and uncertainty that my parents and my community live with every day . And I can not ignore how harmful President Obama 's policies have been to the most vulnerable : undocumented immigrants . Opinion : Key to immigration -- Worker visas With the group of bipartisan senators announcing a blueprint for immigration reform , and the president 's announcement of support , it might just be possible for a comprehensive bill to pass . Unfortunately , I do n't expect it to address all the needs of immigrant communities , or of the country . The blueprint that has been presented by the eight senators , for example , already delineates harsher punitive measures for future undocumented migrants , and harsher enforcement at the border . It also does not address the situation in detention centers , or the collaboration with local law-enforcement plagued with racial profiling . I know that the president has a chance to go outside party politics and make significant changes to immigration policy that could stop the suffering of millions of families by stopping deportations and giving work permits to undocumented adults . He was able to do that with young people ; why not do the same for our parents ? What the years of disappointment have taught me is that our communities can not depend on the goodwill of legislators for change . We must make it happen ourselves through organization . And so I am going to continue to fight for the rights of undocumented immigrants and for the happiness of my family . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Tania Unzueta Carrasco .	At 10 , Tania Unzueta moved to U.S. with undocumented family , who are considered illegal She worries her dad wo n't come home , about her mom who ca n't go to Mexico to see family Unzueta : Obama let immigrants down by excessive deportation , inhumane detention centers She is applying under new act that will give her ability to work , but worries about her family
CNN  -- Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel urged caution ahead of this weekend 's Italian Grand Prix , despite a dominating performance which underlined his position at the top of the world championship standings . Formula One 's triple defending champion went fastest in practice ahead of Sunday 's race at the Monza circuit with a lap of one minute and 24.453 seconds , over a half a second clear of his teammate Mark Webber . Vettel , who is 46 points clear of second-placed Fernando Alonso of Ferrari in the drivers ' championship , expects a keen battle for pole position in Saturday 's qualifying session . Fasten your seat belts : A guide to Monza "  It was a good day , but it is still only a Friday , " the German , a two-time winner of this race , told reporters . "  It looks tight . If you look at it too much it can be a distraction , but I think it will be a close qualifying with many cars up there . "  Tomorrow , I expect it to be close . It is a short lap and there are not too many corners -- so not that much you can do right , and not much you can do wrong . " Red Bull announced earlier this week that Daniel Ricciardo , currently driving for Red Bull 's sister team Toro Rosso , will replace Webber in 2014 when his fellow Australian quits F1 to race in the Le Mans series for Porsche . "  Although we 're quite competitive , we 're not quick enough yet and will have to work hard tonight to see where we can make some improvements , " said Webber . "  Of course we do n't know what fuel loads other teams are on so we 'll have to wait and see but there is a bit of work for us to do if we want to compete right at the front tomorrow . " Ricciardo , however , was off the pace -- 13th in the first session and 17th in the second . "  Unfortunately , we seem to have gone in the wrong direction , " the 24-year-old said . "  Having run only the hard  tires  in the morning , in the afternoon , I did not set a competitive time on the medium . "  I did make some mistakes and I will admit to that , but there were too many of them so we definitely need to get the car to suit me a bit better . At the moment , it 's on a knife edge . " Lewis Hamilton won this race with McLaren in 2012 , but a repeat performance with his current team Mercedes looks unlikely . The 2008 world champion could only go sixth fastest in the afternoon session after setting the pace in the morning , just ahead of seventh-placed teammate Nico Rosberg . "  Although we 're quite competitive , we 're not quick enough yet and will have to work hard tonight to see where we can make some improvements , " said the Briton . "  Of course we do n't know what fuel loads other teams are on so we 'll have to wait and see , but there is a bit of work for us to do if we want to compete right at the front tomorrow . " All eyes will be on Alonso at Ferrari 's home grand prix . The Spaniard registered the fifth fastest lap time , behind the Lotus duo of Kimi Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean . Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa was eighth fastest , with McLaren 's Jenson Button and Sergio Perez rounding out the top 10 .	Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel leads practice ahead of the Italian Grand Prix The triple world champion leads Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso by 46 points Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber was second fastest , with Alonso fifth Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton says his car is not quick enough
CNN  -- Consider the biggest stories in recent weeks : Three women in Cleveland end a decade 's captivity . A Texas fertilizer plant explosion kills 15 people . A monster tornado strikes an Oklahoma suburb . A British soldier is savagely slain on a London street . Need an update on these important events ? Welcome to CNN Reset , a new feature revisiting news that 's been unforgettable . Here 's the latest on video and online . Oklahoma twister Science calls it an EF5 . The people of Moore , Oklahoma , know it as the most powerful category of tornadoes . The twister 's destruction was merciless : it struck the Plaza Towers Elementary School , killing seven children there . In all , 24 people perished , including 10 children . The human response to the catastrophe has been powerful too . Locals call it the "  Oklahoma standard " -- "  persistence and a great positive attitude by the people to never give in , " as University of Oklahoma football coach Bob Stoops puts it . Cleveland captivity It was a horror worthy of Stephen King 's imagination : three young women allegedly held captive in a house for roughly 10 years beginning at ages 21 , 16 and 14 . They were allegedly abducted off the street in a Cleveland neighborhood by the homeowner , Ariel Castro , 52 , who 's now facing four counts of kidnapping and three counts of rape . Alleged violence and threats made the captive women afraid to seek an escape . But one of the women -- the one who bore a child by Castro -- finally shouted for help after Castro left the house and forgot to lock a big inside door . Neighbors responded . The women and a 6-year-old girl were freed . Now tourists visit the neighborhood . And as the city seeks donations to support the women , it struggles with a dark legacy . Texas explosion The explosion of a fertilizer plant shook the Earth like an earthquake . In fact , the blast in West , Texas , registered a 2.1 on the Richter scale , and people felt it 50 miles away . The first responders experienced a scene for which no training could ever prepare them : a mushroom-cloud fireball lay waste to 37 blocks , including a nursing home , the local high and middle school , and many houses . Fifteen people -- including 12 first responders -- were killed . Volunteer firefighter Robert Payne was blown out of his boots and knocked senseless . He woke up in intensive care wondering what happened . Now recovering from several injuries , he 's thankful he 's alive . As the town of 2,800 rebuilds , will it want the fertilizer plant back ? The mayor doubts it . Boston Marathon bombings Among those injured in the Boston Marathon bombings were two brothers . Paul and JP Norden have shared much in life . Now they are together in recovery : Each brother lost a right leg in the attack . As hard as the limb loss was for the brothers , equally difficult was not seeing other each for weeks as they underwent 12 surgeries in all . The siblings finally saw each other about two weeks ago for the first time since the marathon . They want the public to know their uncommon brotherhood is lifting them through an arduous recuperation . London slaying The British soldier was well-liked by many . He was even a military recruiter and played the drum outside the Royal Palaces on behalf of his regiment , the Fusiliers . But the life of Drummer Lee Rigby , 25 , came to a grisly end on a London street at the hands of a man with a meat cleaver and knife . What has shocked the world is how the alleged attacker -- Michael Adebolajo , 28 , a British national of Nigerian descent -- made a video of the gory scene and spoke to the camera about the killing , saying it was "  an eye for an eye " and "  because Muslims are dying daily . " A total of five men have been arrested in the slaying . Now far-right activists are calling upon Muslims to leave the country . Capital calamities The second term of President Barack Obama was supposed to be about immigration reform , gun control and the economy . Instead , it 's seemingly been one scandal after another . The Justice Department secretly collected two months of telephone records from the Associated Press . Questions resurfaced about whether the administration downplayed the role of terrorism in the attack against the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya . And the IRS allegedly targeted politically conservative groups . The president says he 's angry about it , too .	Residents put the ` Oklahoma standard ' to work in rebuilding their lives Tourists visit as the city of Cleveland struggles with the legacy of a captivity house A Texas firefighter blown out of his boots survives a fertilizer plant explosion Two brothers share the recovery from right leg amputations in Boston Marathon attacks
CNN  -- A surfer died Tuesday after a shark bit him off the coast of a Southern California air force base , authorities said . Francisco Javier Solorio Jr. , 39 , was riding waves Tuesday morning with three friends when he was bitten , according to Santa Barbara Sheriff 's Office . One of the friends saw the attack , swam over and pulled Solorio out of the water and onto the beach , Sgt. Mark Williams with the sheriff 's office said . The friend gave him first aid while another called for help , he said . Paramedics pronounced Solorio dead at the scene , the sheriff 's office said . The four friends were surfing at Surf Beach , located on the Vandenberg Air Force Base , whose fire department responded to the emergency call , authorities said . Solorio , who was from Orcutt , just two miles from Vandenberg , was n't affiliated with the military base , said a Vandenberg spokeswoman . Authorities say the surf board showed bite marks , the military base said . The type of shark had n't been identified as of Tuesday afternoon , and that base beach was closed until further notice , authorities said . On October 22 , 2010 -- a day short of a two-year anniversary -- another shark attack killed a 19-year-old college student off the same beach at Vandenberg . That shark , described as being 14 to 20 feet , bit off the left leg of Lucas McKaine Ransom of Romoland , California , while he was Boogie Boarding with a 20-year-old male friend , authorities said . Ransom was a junior at University of California at Santa Barbara and was majoring in chemical engineering . Surf Beach is one of three that sit on the coastal military base and is the only one open to the public , a military spokesman said Tuesday . Opinion : Even after attacks , sharks need protection	NEW : The victim is identified as 39-year-old Francisco Javier Solorio Four friends were riding waves off Surf Beach at Vandenberg Air Force Base One notices a shark attack his friend The victim was n't affiliated with the military base , a spokesman says
London , England  CNN  -- Simon Cowell 's stranglehold on the British Christmas record charts looks as though it might be coming to an end . The talent show judge 's latest protege and winner of British TV talent show "  The X Factor , " Joe McElderry is currently lagging behind heavy-rock group Rage Against The Machine in the battle for the UK Christmas number-one slot . With just over two days to go before the winner is announced , Rage Against The Machine 's re-release of their 1992 song "  Killing in the Name " is narrowly beating "  The Climb , " McElderry 's cover of a Miley Cyrus hit . The winner of "  The X Factor " -- which Cowell produces and judges -- has held the top spot over the festive season in the UK for the past four years . The popularity of the talent show -- this year 's final was watched by around 20 million viewers -- has meant the race to the number-one slot in recent years has been , in effect , a non-contest because of the publicity the "  X Factor " winner has enjoyed . But a campaign on the social networking site "  Facebook " to make the U.S. rock group number-one ahead of "  The X Factor " winner has received massive support from the British record buying public who have been snapping up "  Killing in the Name " in their thousands . Whoever ends up on top of the UK charts this Christmas , the Rage/Cowell battle has enlivened what has become a rather dull and predictable procession to the top of the charts by the winner of the UK talent show . In an appearance on BBC radio station "  5 live " Thursday , Rage 's front man Zach De La Rocha swore several times during a live performance , forcing the BBC to issue an apology to listeners . And on Friday , Sir Paul McCartney , came out in support of the U.S. rock group , despite performing on the final show of "  The X Factor " this year . Speaking to Sky News McCartney said : "  It would be kind of funny if Rage Against The Machine got it . " Meanwhile , Simon Cowell has been raging against , well , just about anyone in defense of McElderry telling the UK tabloid newspaper "  The Sun " that "  musical snobs have ganged up against Joe . " He also called the Facebook campaign "  a huge hate mob " -- a claim which the Facebook group have denied . All will be revealed this Sunday when the final UK singles chart before Christmas is announced . Will the talent judge be celebrating his fifth "  Christmas Cowell " in a row or will he be overcome by Rage ? We 'll have to wait and see .	Rage Against The Machine heading for UK Christmas number-one 1992 song "  Killing in the Name " set to beat Simon Cowell 's latest protege Paul McCartney says U.S. rock group chart success "  would be funny "
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot admitted in an interview with a Dutch newspaper that he extorted money from the family of Natalee Holloway , but his attorney in a Peruvian murder case suggested Monday that his client 's comments may have been mistranslated . Attorney Maximo Alteza said he is not involved in the case of Holloway , the Alabama teenager who disappeared in Aruba after going out on the town with van der Sloot , and was reluctant to comment on van der Sloot 's interview with The Telegraph . "  Maybe there were some mistakes in the translation , " he said . Alteza said van der Sloot was not paid for the interview . "  I wanted to get back at Natalee 's family , " van der Sloot said from prison in the Dutch interview . "  Her parents have been making my life tough for five years . " "  When they offered to pay for the girl 's location , I thought : ` Why not ? ' " he said . Van der Sloot faces a count of wire fraud and a count of extortion in the United States for allegedly trying to extort more than $ 250,000 from Holloway 's family in return for the location of her body . He has denied responsibility for her disappearance . He was arrested twice in Aruba in connection with the Holloway case but has never been charged . The 22-year-old Dutch citizen is awaiting trial in Lima , Peru , where he stands accused of killing Stephany Flores in a hotel room . Also Monday , a Peruvian court voted 2-1 to reject van der Sloot 's contention that he is being held unlawfully , but the court requires three votes to secure a decision . Alteza said that a fourth jurist will hear the case and cast a vote at a public hearing next week . If that judge votes in favor of van der Sloot , a fifth judge will hear the case to break the tie . Alteza said that van der Sloot 's constitutional rights have been violated and he "  could be released because of the mistakes made by the police during the investigation . " "  It does n't matter if he is innocent or guilty , " he said . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Attorney suggests comments were mistranslated In interview : "  I wanted to get back at Natalee 's family " Peruvian court is still considering motion for release
CNN  -- Five years ago , telling a friend that you interact regularly with a verbose orange traffic cone might earn you a pitying hug and a quick trip to the sanatorium . But these days , your friend might respond that they trade barbs with Rick Santorum 's sweater vest . Welcome to the age of novelty Twitter accounts , where animals , inanimate objects and other nonhuman entities speak their mind regularly : A pigeon with a foul mouth and a fouler demeanor . San Francisco 's famous fog . Even the universe . On the social-media platform , users can express themselves creatively and get laughs by giving voice to those things that ca n't speak for themselves . Novelty nonhuman accounts have been a Twitter staple since Sockington , a Boston-area housecat , joined the service in March 2007 on his way to 1.4 million followers . But they 've been in the news again recently after one user created @olympicseat , a tongue-in-cheek response to the curiously vacant seats at Olympic venues in London . In the span of a few days , it has amassed more than 21,000 followers . Another Olympics-related feed celebrates the star-spangled towel that American gymnast Danell Leyva drapes over himself between events . It has more than 12,000 followers -- not bad , considering the average Twitter user has 126 . Most of the people in this group of noteworthy Twitterers say their primary motivation for tweeting is to have fun . For others , it 's a chance to make their mark in the crowded world of the Web . However , all agree that more thought goes into their 140-character musings than meets the eye . Cat Food Breath When the woman behind pet-centric account @CatFoodBreath began her novelty Twitter account in August 2010 , she was n't planning on sticking around . "  I figured the best way to test the waters was with a pseudonym , " said the Burlington , Vermont , resident who asked that her name not be published to preserve the anonymity of her Twitter persona . "  I would n't offend friends and colleagues if I did n't follow them , and I could make a polite exit from Twitter when I was done poking around . " Two years and almost 19,000 followers later , she is still at it . In the beginning , though , she and many other novelty account successes admit they did n't really know what "  it " was . "  At first , I did n't know this account was about a cat , -LSB- but -RSB- as I explored the Twitterverse , I soon realized I had a character that people related to , " she said . Real or not , Cat Food Breath is definitely a character . The cat  its gender is ambiguous  writes odes to the couch , gives its owner commands with Garfield-like acerbity and complains about the family dog -- lovingly called "  Labradum . " The San Francisco Fog Other anonymous Twitter celebs began their accounts to educate and bring  hilarious  awareness to unappreciated things that ca n't speak for themselves , like the San Francisco fog that brings a chill to summers in that city . "  I love everything about the fog , " said the man who created @KarlTheFog in August 2010 . "  I think the way it sneaks over the hills is beautiful , mysterious and even a little romantic . I love how it stops at certain points above the city , creating a wall of clouds . And having moved here from a city where it was 100-plus degrees in the summer , I was mostly excited to not be dripping in sweat for three consecutive months . " The man , who also requested anonymity , was inspired by @BPGlobalPR , a popular parody response to the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . Through the lens of "  Karl the Fog , " he reports on the public 's feelings toward the fog and acts like a PR rep for the maligned form of weather -- with a witty bent . Karl already has more than 5,000 followers . Giving "  Karl " an identity has brought out emphatic and sometimes cursory responses -- especially when the fog blocked Fourth of July fireworks -- but the Twitterverse has been receptive overall , he said . " -LSB- I get -RSB- lots of weather puns and haikus . My favorite tweets are when people take pictures of Karl and post them on Twitter or Instagram , " the man said . "  Seeing so many people pick up on it and tag Karl in their pictures has been overwhelmingly cool . " The Orange Cone Like Karl the Fog , @TheOrangeCone loves it when followers interact with him online . The Orange Cone was originally a MySpace account but came to Twitter after its creator discovered the witty tweets of Bronx Zoo 's Cobra , last year 's famously escaped snake , and motorsports satirist @nascarcasm . Today the Orange Cone keeps a following of more than 20,000 users up to date on NASCAR happenings . And his followers respond in droves . "  People notice cones in their everyday life and send pictures to me by the hundreds , " said the man behind the Cone , who asked that his name not be used . "  I find that hilarious -- people stopping what they are doing in the real world to take a picture of an orange cone . I love it . " He added , "  Whenever the cone is hit during the course of a NASCAR race , my feed blows up . " When driver Kasey Kahne hit the cone during a February practice in Daytona , the Twitterverse came to Orange Cone 's aid . "  Kasey made a Twitter apology and I added about 1,200 followers in the next hour , " he said . "  It was insane . " Staying in character For some , the prospect of interacting "  for real " with followers is off the table . "  I am a bit like Banksy . Nobody knows who I am , " said the man behind the foul-tempered @PigeonJon bird character , referring to the anonymous Britain-based artist . "  If possible , I 'd like to keep it this way ? " he wrote in an e-mail to CNN . Apart from that statement , Jon never broke character . Instead , he offered clues to his personality . "  I like Biscuits . I do not like Velcro , " he wrote . The person behind the wildly popular @BronxZoosCobra , which chronicles the "  exploits " of a real-life snake that briefly escaped its enclosure at the New York City zoo , also declined to break character in an e-mail exchange with CNN . The account has more than 200,000 followers . The strangest thing tweeted at the snake , its creator said , was a request for an endorsement from a high school student running for student government . "  I endorsed him , " she wrote CNN . "  He lost . Snake bigotry at its best . " Online alter egos Many novelty Twitterers with large followings are baffled by their popularity , which has led them to think about the relationship between the Internet and the real world . "  I have a feeling , and I could be wrong , that the people that follow The Orange Cone find it to be more ` real ' than some of the drivers out on the track , " its creator said . "  They can reach out and in most cases get a response . And the fact that no one knows who it is -- which means it could be anyone -- just adds to the mystery and the enjoyment . " Added the man behind KarlTheFog , "  I think people in the Bay Area like Karl because the fog was already a character in their lives . In a world that 's becoming increasingly personalized , you can surround yourself with a cast of friends on the Internet that match your exact interests and sense of humor . " Being Karl has challenged him to think about sports , pop culture , and politics in ridiculous ways , he said . "  It forces me to be disciplined by sticking to a theme . Since my job is n't creative by nature , it gives me the chance to be as witty as I want . " Other Twitter users say that embodying nonhuman entities gives them the chance to create alter egos . "  The Cone gets to say and do the things I think we all wish we could do , " its creator said . The man behind @WeirdHorse , a decidedly oddball stream of musings about , well , horse life , thinks he knows why his 137,000 followers appreciate his quirky humor . "  It 's a breath of fresh air because it 's not malicious , " he said . "  It 's not forced out by a brand with an agenda or political motive and it 's whimsical , throw-away and easy to digest . People respond well to that sort of thing . " Whimsical , yes . But let 's be honest : @WeirdHorse may have one little agenda . "  The recent demand for Weird Horse T-shirts and mugs from my site ... has been another perk , " he said . What 's your favorite nonhuman Twitter account ? Sound off in the comments . Twitter users names have been changed so that they may remain anonymous .	Some popular Twitter feeds personify animals or inanimate objects The London Olympics inspire nonhuman accounts such as @OlympicSeat , @LeyvasTowel Other accounts represent cats , horses , traffic cones and even the universe The average Twitter user has 126 followers , but some novelty accounts have 1 million +
CNN  -- Derek Jeter 's nicknames : "  The Captain , " "  Captain Clutch , " "  Mr. November . " -- baseball-reference . com I do n't know anybody who calls Derek Jeter either "  Captain Clutch " or "  Mr. November . " * * * This week begins "  what can only be called Derek Jeter Week in Major League Baseball . " -- a story from Newsday I do n't know anybody who has called this Derek Jeter Week in Major League Baseball . * * * "  How Should Derek Jeter Leave the Field in His Last Game at Yankee Stadium ? " -- a headline from USA Today Uh , I do n't know ... on foot ? * * * Derek Jeter , baseball player , is not nearly as big a deal as a lot of New Yorkers think he is . I know people with no clue how big he is . Literally . "  How tall would you guess Derek Jeter is ? " I asked a baseball fan from L.A. "  Hmmm , " she said . "  Five-foot-10 ? " No , he is 6-foot-3 . Everything else you 've ever wanted to know about Derek Jeter , you could be about to find out . TV , radio , blogs , magazines , newspapers . smartphones and carrier pigeons based in New York City are treating this , Jeter 's last week of playing Major League Baseball , as slightly less monumental than the discovery of America in 1492 . Queeg , Bligh , Cook , Phillips , Marvel , America and Crunch are just a few of the Captains now considered by many New Yorkers to be not as big as theirs . But you know what ? Californians are n't obsessing over these being Jeter 's last days of playing ball . Texans or Minnesotans or Ohioans or Floridians , either . I mean , they LIKE him and all . A really fine athlete . A really fine guy , too , it seems . Scandal-free . A class act , people in and out of baseball tend to agree . The Anti-A-Rod . Should a fuss be made over his retirement ? Of course . A warm sendoff definitely is in order . A standing O . A lovely parting gift . A tip of thousands of caps . A wobble of thousands of bobbleheads . But , man oh man , is New York going completely wacko overboard or what ? I expect any minute for the mayor there -- what 's his name , the tall guy who came after Bloomberg -- to announce that a certain other tall piece of work is being renamed The Jeter State Building . It would n't surprise me if future New Jersey commuters come to town through the Jeter Tunnel or catch a helicopter at Jeterboro . I have booked a flight east for 2015 that probably will include a connection at Kennedy-Jeter . They 've done everything in NYC except stage a new Broadway version of "  Damn Yankees " in which Washington 's team loses because a young Derek Jeter wants to be a Yankee so much , he sells his soul to the devil . Or a new version of "  Bye , Bye Birdie , " now that he 's leaving , with the lyrics changed to : "  We love you , Derek , oh , yes we do ! We love you , Derek , and we 'll be true . When you 're not near to us , we 're blue . Oh , Derek , we love you ! " American sports fans from Alabama to Alaska are not stricken with this Jeter-mania the way New Yorkers are . He 's big , but not that big . A lot of Europeans and Asians would n't know Derek Jeter from Darth Vader . Did he have a great career ? No doubt about it . Opinion : Baseball 's humble hero If you know your baseball , you must be impressed that Derek Jeter has had more hits in his career than Willie Mays , Barry Bonds , Lou Gehrig , Ted Williams or Babe Ruth did . A bat stat I like , for the amusement or amazement of you baseball lovers out there , is this one : Derek Jeter already has more hits than Jackie Robinson and Mark McGwire did combined . I repeat , COMBINED . For the past 20 years , the shortstop for the New York Yankees , the most successful organization in American baseball , has been a kid who played his high school ball in Kalamazoo , Michigan , on his way to fame and fortune in the big city . In most of the United States of America , baseball fans seem to consider Derek Jeter a great player . In the largest city in the United States of America , baseball fans seem to consider Derek Jeter a visitor from the planet Krypton . Well , to each his own . No one anywhere would dare argue that Jeter is undeserving , or overrated , or "  maybe " a Hall of Famer . On the contrary , this guy is a rarity in this day and age , a certain Hall of Famer . A mortal lock . I admire him . I met him , interviewed him , liked him . One day in 2008 , I got him for a while in Chicago one-on-one . We were chatting about the New Yankee Stadium under construction , a work in progress , and Jeter said enthusiastically : "  It 'll look just like the old one , except with 500,000 more feet of space . " I remember saying Wrigley Field ought to think the same way . "  Exactly , " Jeter said . I later asked Ozzie Guillen , a successful Chicago White Sox shortstop and manager , what he thought of Jeter . "  The perfect man , " he replied . Oh ? In what way ? "  Derek Jeter has everything in life , " Guillen said . "  He 's got money , he 's got rings , he 's ... " A pause before the punchline . " ... not married . " That got a laugh . "  Too bad I do n't have a daughter , " Guillen added . The off-the-field life of Derek Jeter brought a smile to our faces that day , as the on-the-field one has to many since . He 's been a New York Yankee his whole professional life . He was drafted in June , 1992 -- Houston , Cleveland , Montreal , Baltimore and Cincinnati picked first but took somebody else -- and made his Major League debut in a May 29 , 1995 , indoor game before a "  crowd " of 18,948 fans in Seattle , batting ninth in the Yankee lineup that day . Wade Boggs , Randy Velarde and Don Mattingly were in the infield with him . He went 0-for-5 and the Yanks lost . Thousands of hits later , Jeter is retiring and his uniform number 2 will be put out to pasture as well .  A guy named Mike Gallego was the last Yankee to wear it before him .  Those hits include a walk-off home run that won Game 4 of the 2001 World Series on a Halloween night . It came after midnight , therefore technically becoming the first World Series homer ever struck in the month of November . He became "  Mr. November " to somebody that night , a name absolutely nobody has known him by since . "  The Captain " is what Yankee fans do call him . A promotion to admiral could be in order . Thursday is his last scheduled game at Yankee Stadium . A weekend of games in Boston follows that , and that 's that . Admirable player , admirable career . King of the hill , top of the heap . Not THAT big a deal ? OK , OK , so maybe he IS even bigger than some of us think . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Mike Downey : New Yorkers are treating retirement of Derek Jeter as monumental event He says sports fans around the nation may not be as sold on the momentous occasion But how good was Jeter ? He 's a lock for the Hall of Fame , amazing stats and performance , he says Downey : Baseball will miss the Yankee captain
CNN  -- Authorities have busted a luxury-vehicle theft ring that took orders from clients in Africa and then stole the cars from New York . "  This criminal enterprise used the streets of New York City as one giant showroom for stealing cars , " New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said . The operation specialized in the theft of Toyota and Lexus SUVs and other automobiles -- Toyota Venzas , Highlanders , Sequoias and Lexus RX 350s , GX 460s and GX 470s -- as well as other high-end makes , including Acuras , his office said . A local broker in Africa would relay the order to the theft crew boss , specifying what was to be stolen by model , year , color and accessory package . "  Members of the steal crew would then ` fill the order ' by locating the specified car " and stealing it , court documents said . The stolen vehicles were worth more than $ 1 million . Law enforcement arrested 14 people Wednesday in raids spanning several states , culminating a yearlong investigation . They were charged with felonies under a 58-count indictment . The sophisticated operation used "  forged document specialists , " a locksmith and a portable computer to sync a key to the vehicle 's unique code , allowing the vehicle to be stolen without damage , authorities said . The cars and SUVs were then loaded into shipping containers and transported to Africa with forged titles and vehicle identification numbers . Some of them went for up to $ 40,000 in cash , the attorney general 's office said . Those that did n't go to Africa ended up on the black market in Chicago .	Some vehicles went for up to $ 40,000 in cash , New York attorney general says The stolen vehicles were worth more than $ 1 million , officials said Fourteen people are arrested in raids in several states The operation specialized in the theft of Toyota and Lexus SUVs and other automobiles
CNN  -- Nigerian footballer Stephen Worgu has been sentenced to 40 lashes after he was convicted of drinking alcohol in Sudan where he plays for first division side Al-Merreikh of Omdurman . The 20-year-old forward , who joined the northern Sudan outfit in October 2008 , was found guilty of drinking alcohol and driving under the influence by an east Khartoum court . Alcohol is illegal in the Muslim north of Sudan according to Article 78 of the penal code , although it is not in the semi-autonomous and largely non-Muslim south . The court ordered Worgu to pay a fine of $ 20 for the alcohol consumption , $ 80 for driving under the influence as well as receiving 40 lashes for the incident which is said to have taken place in the capital Khartoum on August 21 . The forward 's lawyer has appealed against the punishment for the player who had previously admitted in interviews that he had struggled to adapt to the different culture and religious life in Sudan . Worgu , who has been a regular for the Nigerian Under-20 side , had moved to Al-Merreikh for $ 2.6 million from Enyimba in Nigeria ahead of Egyptian side Al-Ahly in what was one of the biggest transfers in African football . He had previously been the top scorer in the African Champions League in 2008 after he found the net 13 times but has largely struggled to recapture that form at Al-Merreikh .	Nigeria footballer Stephen Worgu could receive 40 lashes after he was convicted of drinking alcohol in Sudan Alcohol is illegal in the Muslim north of Sudan according to Article 78 of the country 's penal code The lawyer for the Al-Merreikh forward has appealed against the punishment handed out to Worgu
Beijing  CNN  -- Money rewards are coming in for a woman who rescued a bleeding toddler left for dead last week by multiple passersby in southern China . Two hit-and-run drivers rammed into Wang Yue , 2 , one after another , as she walked on a narrrow street in Foshan . More than a dozen people walked , cycled or drove past as she lay bleeding in a busy market , sparking a global outcry on the state of morality in a fast-changing society . Wang is in critical condition , her brain showing little activity despite earlier subtle movements in the lower body , said her mother , Qu Feifei . But despite the many villains in the story , it has also turned the spotlight on an unlikely hero : A 58-year-old scavenger . In the video that has sparked outrage globally , Chen Xianmei moves the baby to safety , becoming an instant symbol of understated decency in a nation analysts say is obsessed with climbing the economic ladder . "  I did n't think of anything at the time , " Chen said Sunday . "  I just wanted to save the girl . " Two government offices in Guangdong province , where the hit-and-run occurred , offered the Good Samaritan a total of 20,000 yuan  US $ 3,135  , according to state-run Xinhua news agency . Wang 's mother has said she does not understand the behavior of the passersby , but wants to focus on the positive . "  Granny Chen represents the best of human nature , " she said of her daughter 's rescuer . "  It 's the nicest and most natural side of us . " On Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , the story continued to be the No. 1 topic after generating more than 4.5 million posts along with a "  stop apathy " online campaign . As the outrage over morality continues , a steady procession of well-wishers pours in , offering gifts , money and support to the toddler 's family .	Two hit-and-run drivers rammed into the 2-year-old last week In the video , Chen Xianmei moves the baby to safety "  I just wanted to save the girl , " she says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Five Italian tourists visiting New York from Bologna are among the nine victims believed killed Saturday in a midair collision of a sightseeing helicopter and a single-engine plane over the Hudson River , a law enforcement source said . First responders gather on a pier after a plane and helicopter collided Saturday over the Hudson River . The tourists , who apparently died with the chopper 's pilot , were part of a group of 12 visiting the United States , the source said . The helicopter was operated by Liberty Helicopter Sightseeing Tours . The bodies of two adults and one child were recovered after the collision , which occurred around noon over the Hudson between New York and Hoboken , New Jersey , authorities said . The child is believed to be one of the three people on the plane , a single-engine Piper PA-32 Saratoga that took off from New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport , authorities said . A source involved in the investigation identified the pilot and owner of the plane as Steven Altman , whose brother Daniel and nephew Douglas also were among the victims . The two adult bodies , discovered underwater , are believed to be two of the Italian tourists aboard the helicopter , the law enforcement source said . The Italian Foreign Ministry said consulate officials were working with New York authorities to identify the victims . Helicopter wreckage was found in about 30 feet of water , while the plane is believed to be near the midchannel point of the Hudson in deeper water , the source said . A side-scanning sonar is being used to pinpoint the plane and has identified a possible third debris field , the source said . The search is scheduled to resume Sunday morning , Debbie Hersman , chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board said at a riverside news conference late Saturday . Underwater visibility of about two feet hampered Saturday 's search effort , she said . All nine people in both aircrafts are thought to have been killed in the collision , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . See where the collision occurred " "  There was an accident which we do not believe was survivable , " said Bloomberg , noting that the search for survivors had become a recovery mission . A temporary flight restriction over the rescue area -- about three nautical miles around and 2,000 feet up -- was put in place , a Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman said . A witness told investigators he saw the airplane approach the helicopter from behind , Hersman said . The witness said the plane 's right wing made contact with the helicopter , an American Eurocopter AS350 operated by Liberty Helicopter Sightseeing Tours , Hersman said . View images from the scene " Another Liberty pilot who was refueling at a nearby heliport told NTSB investigators that he saw the plane approach the helicopter and tried to warn the helicopter pilot , but got no response , Hersman said . "  This is a VFR corridor -- that means Visual Flight Rules prevail , " Hersman told reporters late Saturday . "  You are supposed to be alert and see and avoid other aircraft in the vicinity . " iReport.com : Police search for debris Witnesses reported seeing debris flying from the helicopter as it crashed . The helicopter wreckage has been found , but the search for the plane , single-engine Piper Saratoga PA-32 , will continue Sunday morning , Hersman said at a riverside news conference . Witness Arnold Stevens said after the plane had a wing sheared off , it began "  corkscrewing " into the water . The helicopter "  dropped like a rock " after the collision , which happened about noon . See a series of photos from the scene " Radar contact was lost with a small plane this morning believed to be the aircraft in the crash , FAA spokeswoman Arlene Salac said . Ben Berman , a former investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board , said if the helicopter fell straight down , it 's likely there was a rotor failure . Scott Schuman was with his grandparents on the Hoboken side of the river when they heard a loud bang . "  The plane was kind of whirlybirding its way down , brown smoke coming out the back of it , and it crashed into the water . Then a few seconds later the helicopter with debris falling off of it also hit as well , " Schuman said . "  It was a scary sight , " he added . iReport.com : Were you there ? Send images He said some of the debris fell in Hoboken , and "  we covered our heads . " Asked if he had seen anyone in the water , Schuman replied , "  I have not seen anything , but judging by the impact when the plane and the helicopter hit , it would be very unlikely for a positive outcome . " Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer called on witnesses who filmed or photographed the incident to come forward . "  It would be extremely helpful to have that footage , " she said . The busy airspace surrounding New York 's Manhattan island has been the site of several aeronautical mishaps in recent history . Earlier this year , a US Airways plane with 155 people on board ditched into the Hudson , apparently after striking at least one bird upon takeoff from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , officials said . Capt. Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger 's landing , which resulted in no deaths or serious injuries , was captured on closed circuit television . In 2006 , Yankees pitcher Cory Lidle and his flight instructor were killed when the 34-year-old ballplayer 's plane crashed into a high-rise apartment building near the East River , city officials said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Five Italian tourists from Bologna , pilot on sightseeing copter believed dead Bodies of two adults from helicopter found below water , authorities say Authorities find body of child who was one of three on small plane in collision Pilot on ground tried to warn helicopter that plane was coming up from behind
The Obama administration says it will seek $ 500 million from Congress to help "  train and equip appropriately vetted elements of the moderate Syrian armed opposition , " funding that , if approved , would deepen U.S. involvement in that country 's civil war . National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden announced on Thursday that the administration would seek the money that she said would build on "  longstanding efforts " by the United States "  to empower the moderate Syrian opposition . " "  These funds would help defend the Syrian people , stabilize areas under opposition control , facilitate the provision of essential services , counter terrorist threats , and promote conditions for a negotiated settlement , " she said . The $ 500 million request would be part of a $ 1.5 billion so-called regional stabilization initiative , which would involve partnering with Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and Iraq -- Syria 's neighbors . Funding elements of the Syrian opposition would be significant , though it would n't necessarily be surprising . In fact , the U.S. government has been in close contact with some leading the fight to topple President Bashar al-Assad . Last summer , Congress approved some military support for Syrian rebels , and there 's been more back-and-forth since then . Still , any such support is complicated by the fact that the United States does n't see eye to eye with -- and does n't want to arm or help in any way -- some elements of the Syrian opposition . That includes the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , also known as ISIS or ISIL , a group whose tactics have been so brutal that they 've even been disowned by al Qaeda . ISIS , which hopes to establish an Islamic caliphate in the region , is currently making news for taking over a wide swath of Iraq and threatening Baghdad . Nonetheless , the Obama administration has n't backed away from other rebels -- seeing them as the best bet , compared to Syria 's current government and certain militant fighters . "  While we continue to believe that there is no military solution to this crisis and that the United States should not put American troops into combat in Syria , this request marks another step toward helping the Syrian people defend themselves against regime attacks , push back against the growing number of extremists like ISIL who find safe-haven in the chaos , and take their future into their own hands by enhancing security and stability at local levels , " spokeswoman Hayden said . In May , the President told graduating cadets at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point that he would "  work with Congress to ramp up support for those in the Syrian opposition who offer the best alternative to terrorists and a brutal dictator . "	The $ 500 million request is part of a $ 1.5 billion regional stabilization initiative NSC spokeswoman : Funding would "  defend " Syrians , counter terrorists and more The money would go to train and equip "  properly vetted " opposition elements So far , U.S. aid to rebel forces has been limited to non-lethal material and light weapons
Brittany Maynard , the 29-year-old who said she had terminal brain cancer , took medication to end her life under Oregon 's "  Death with Dignity Act , " advocacy group Compassion & Choices said Sunday . "  Brittany chose to make a well thought out and informed choice to Die With Dignity in the face of such a terrible , painful , and incurable illness , " a post on her website said . "  She moved to Oregon to pass away in a little yellow house she picked out in the beautiful city of Portland . " In a statement , Compassion & Choices , an end-of-life choice advocacy group that has been working closely with Maynard , said she "  died as she intended -- peacefully in her bedroom , in the arms of her loved ones . " Mourners grieve on social media Maynard passed away Saturday , said the group , which released an official obituary . The epitaph contained a final message from Maynard , who expressed a note of deep thanks to all of her supporters , whom she "  sought out like water " during her life and illness . "  It is people who pause to appreciate life and give thanks who are happiest . If we change our thoughts , we change our world ! Love and peace to you all , " she said . Maynard graduated from University of California , Berkeley , and earned a Masters in Education from University of California , Irvine , according to the obituary . She was a world traveler who volunteered at a local animal rescue organization before her diagnosis and lived 29 years of "  generosity , compassion , education , travel , and humor , " it said . Maynard is survived by her husband and his family , her mother and stepfather . "  While she had longed for children of her own , she left this world with zero regrets on time spent , places been , or people she loved in her 29 years , " the obituary said . Maynard ticks off last item on bucket list Maynard 's story spread rapidly on social media as a video explaining her choice garnered more than 9 million views on YouTube . She became a prominent spokeswoman for the "  death with dignity " movement , which advocates that terminally ill patients be allowed to receive medication that will let them die on their own terms . She also became a lightning rod for criticism from people who oppose that approach . "  I quickly decided that death with dignity was the best option for me and my family , " Maynard wrote in an opinion column for CNN explaining her choice . "  We had to uproot from California to Oregon , because Oregon is one of only five states where death with dignity is authorized . " In a video released last week , Maynard said she had n't yet decided when she would end her life . "  I still feel good enough , and I still have enough joy , and I still laugh and smile with my family and friends enough that it does n't seem like the right time right now . But it will come , because I feel myself getting sicker . It 's happening each week , " Maynard said in the video , which was produced by Compassion & Choices and released to CNN last Wednesday . My mother deserved to ` die with dignity ' Maynard said she had stage IV glioblastoma multiforme , an aggressive form of terminal brain cancer . When she first started speaking out about her decision , Maynard said that in early November she planned to take the medication she 'd been prescribed . In her latest video , she said she was waiting to see how her symptoms progress before deciding on a date . But taking too long to make that choice was one of her greatest fears , Maynard said . "  The worst thing that could happen to me is that I wait too long because I 'm trying to seize each day , " she says , "  but I somehow have my autonomy taken away from me by my disease , because of the nature of my cancer . " Why her story resonates	Brittany Maynard died Saturday , "  in the arms of her loved ones , " group says "  Love and peace to you all , " she says in final message Her story spread rapidly on social media The 29-year-old said she had terminal brain cancer
CNN  -- Take a close look at the icon that Apple created for their new Maps app and you 'll notice a few things . It points out the location of Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop , but the red pin has been replaced by a blue line , one that leads away from their main building and suggests that you make a hard right through the median to jump onto the freeway . From a tactical point of view , in their growing fight against Google , rushing out a new map application made sense . But the app itself is clearly worse than the one it replaced , and an audience used to constant improvements and refinements is n't happy . Meticulous attention to detail , once the hallmark of the Apple brand , seems to have been pushed aside for corporate competition , leaving everybody wondering what 's next . Maps is the most obvious misstep , but it is n't the only one Apple has made recently . There has been a trail of failures and dead ends the past few years that people do n't talk nearly as much about . They include Mobile Me , Ping , Siri , Apple TV and the ongoing mess that is the desktop version of iTunes . And iCloud is clunky because it 's about trying to change the way we work , whether we like it or not . So what happened , and what does it mean for the future of the most successful technology company of our lifetime ? Opinion : Apple seems to have gotten a little bit lost What Steve Jobs saw was that the true promise of technology was to combine software and hardware in a way that would create a rich user experience . Instead of giving users what they were asking for , he succeeded by constantly giving people things they did n't even know they wanted until they held it in their hands . Now everyone has come to expect a certain kind of perfection and showmanship from Apple that can only happen when you 're revealing things that are so new and different that users find themselves gasping in surprise and delight . Apple has been able to do that for quite a while with a brilliant visionary at the helm . But having totally redefined the consumer electronics landscape , Apple now finds itself without a creative leader and caught in the expectations of its own success . As users become more comfortable with the devices they have , there 's a justified sense of entitlement that the application they 've come to rely on will continue to provide the functionality they 've come to expect . To put it another way , discovering that there 's no longer transit directions when you 're looking to find the bus home is never a nice surprise . Despite some neat new features , the iOS 6 lacks any of the usual big ideas that take out the sting . Instead , the new operating system cleans up some dirty corners and puts on a fresh coat of digital paint to get ready for bigger changes down the road . But slow and steady wo n't win the race . When it comes to incremental steps , Google , Amazon and Microsoft are all experts at software that may not start out great , amazing or different but clearly improves through iteration . And Google is busy buying companies like Zagats and Frommers to quickly corner the market on rich , valuable data in a way that Apple will never be able to . Without the ability to launch a new platform as bold as the iPod , iPhone and iPad , it gets harder and harder for Apple to truly innovate . The problem is n't that Apple is failing to do what it has always done , it 's that its ability to "  think different " might go away . While Apple , under the guidance of Tim Cook , will continue to create its beautiful , crafted combination of hardware and software for at least another decade , that will no longer be enough to continue to take the risks they need to in order to wow the world the way they have since Steve Jobs showed us the iPod 11 years ago . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Mayer .	Andrew Mayer : The new Maps app on iPhone 5 is clearly worse than the old one Mayer : Maps is an obvious misstep , but it is n't the only one Apple has made recently He says incremental steps can not substitute for boldness , like the creation of the iPod Mayer : Apple 's real problem is that its ability to "  think different " might go away
CNN  -- My friend Susan had a solution to her days spent stressed out as the head of marketing for a global tech company : Shoes . She knew no problem could truly be solved by buying a new pair . But , she told herself , she could afford it , and shoes made her happier -- especially when she was thinking about what she was going to purchase in place of the drama going on at work . For Susan , whose name I 've changed  along with all others cited  , even the act of going online to browse the new arrivals at her favorite online shops was thrilling . Clicking through heels and wedges and flats , planning and plotting her purchases , was as stimulating as the coffee she sipped . When her box of shoes arrived in the mail , it was like Christmas morning . But when the box was opened , the shoes tried on , admired and put away , Susan was left to wonder : Now what ? "  I rarely regretted a purchase , but having a new pair did not make me want more pairs any less , " she told me . "  They may have filled a need , but they did n't make me any happier , not like imagining myself in them had seemed to do . " Retail therapy has long been a tool for the stressed-out , brokenhearted or just plain bored ; some figures , including a 2012 survey by online retailer eBates put the number of Americans who go shopping to feel better at more than half . In many ways , retail therapy works : A great dress or a sharp , well-fitting suit can soothe the soul , provide a confidence boost that helps you land a job , or inspire creativity in a way that 's more than just imagined . According to a 2011 study published in the Journal of Psychology and Marketing , retail therapy can positively affect your mood . The study noted that 28 % of shoppers had purchased something to celebrate an occasion or personal victory and 62 % to cheer themselves up . Indeed , studies show , money can buy happiness . A December 2012 study published in the journal Emotion found well-being rises with income at all levels of income -- and that richer families , and countries , are happier than poorer ones . But retail therapy might not work quite in the way consumers assume it works . That 's because the happiness that buying something provides is derived not from acquiring the item , or from the item itself , but from the targeting it , wanting it and anticipating its arrival into your life . That is , the electric jolt shopping can provide is a result of the act of desiring , more than the act of fulfilling . Meaning : You 're better off if you do n't buy the outfit , or gadget , or piece of art , but simply long for it . The evidence : In June , the Journal of Consumer Research published a study finding that when it comes to shopping , wanting things makes people happier than actually having them , even among those , such as Susan , who do not experience buyer 's remorse . Researchers analyzed the emotional state of consumers before and after making a significant purchase . Most , especially those who self-identified as materialists , anticipated future purchases with strong , positive emotions : They felt joy , excitement , optimism and peacefulness when they thought of their future purchase , which they also believed would improve their relationships , boost their self-esteem , enable them to experience more pleasure and be more efficient .  Super shoes , indeed . But after the purchase was made , and the anticipation faded into reality , what followed was what the researchers called "  hedonic decline . " Happy feelings dissipated . Consumers were left wanting more . That does n't mean all purchases end in remorse or longing . The Consumer Research study argues that buying is less satisfying than wanting , but not that buying makes people sad . Though the happiness that results from acquiring an item may be short-lived , the happiness that comes from thinking about and planning for a purchase can be sustained . Below are a few tips for prolonging retail therapy afterglow : Opt for experiences over stuff . Plenty of studies show that buying experiences is more satisfying that buying things . The answer , though , is n't to quit your retail therapy cold turkey , but to weave in experiences -- trips , sporting games , theater -- that might provide some added meaning . Play hard to get . Resist the impulse to see something in a magazine , or at a friend 's house , and go straight away to buy it . Instead , let yourself think about the item for as long as you can .  One key to the success of social media site Pinterest , where users can post photos to create a public sort of "  wish list " of ideas , goals , and , yes , goods . Limit flash sales . Or limit even buying anything simply because it 's discounted . Flash sales foster quick and easy purchasing , but as such limit the beneficial impact of desire . There 's no chance to feel the rush of wanting and to envision how an item might make your life better before it 's put into the cart , paid for and at your door . Shop in person . Recall , and participate in , the joy of buying things from a brick-and-mortar store , which prolongs the joy of shopping from an impulse buy in the half hour before you rush off to work to an afternoon spent with a friend or even just yourself . Online shopping is a relatively mindless activity that , while relaxing , offers little in the way of engagement with others . Shopping in the presence of people , though , fosters a sense of connection to others , which can increase levels of happiness and satisfaction derived from the experience . Spend within your means . Perhaps the most crucial conclusion made in the study of hedonic decline is that more really is n't better , and that wanting a new car is as effectual , moodwise , as having the new car . Why not , then , hang onto the old one for a little longer ? The next time you 're about to press "  Complete My Order " or perform the in-person equivalent , remember that it 's not about what 's acquired , but about what 's yet a possibility ; that it 's the hope of what 's to come that provides the biggest thrill of all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Peggy Drexler : Retail therapy is a pick-me-up for the stressed , brokenhearted or bored Drexler : People enjoy anticipating ownership , but it 's a let-down when they get it home Joy of shopping , she says , comes from wanting and anticipating , not from acquiring Drexler : Delay the purchase , do n't impulse buy , and get experiences rather than stuff
CNN  -- A Scottish and an Irish woman arrested in Peru on suspicion of drug trafficking are expected to appear before a judge Wednesday . Melissa Reid , 19 , from Scotland , and Michaella McCollum , 20 , from Ireland , were arrested by Peruvian national police at Jorge Chavez International Airport in Lima on August 6 . They were stopped as they tried to board an Air Europa flight from Lima to Madrid after authorities allegedly found 11.59 kilograms  25.5 pounds  of cocaine in their luggage . Their final destination was Palma de Mallorca . The cocaine was found inside pouches of oatmeal and dehydrated foods . "  I was forced to take these bags in my luggage , " Reid said in video footage of the police interrogation . McCollum 's family issued a statement Tuesday saying that they stand behind their daughter and are making arrangements to go to Peru . "  Michaella 's family are obviously shocked and distressed by the recent events but are confident that Michaella will be exonerated , " family attorney Peter Madden said . According to police , the pair were contacted by a Colombian named "  Enrique " in Palma de Mallorca through a tourism company that flew them to Lima and then to Machu Picchu . But the tourism was cover for a plan to smuggle the drugs , police said . Archbishop of Lima Sean Walsh , an Irish-American bishop who 's been in Peru for seven years , said he met briefly with the young women in the police cell where they are being held . He said the two are in good condition , are eating well , have clean clothing and are receiving good care . Walsh dismissed media reports suggesting they are not being treated well and that one of the women is on a hunger strike . Reid and McCollum are expected to appear before a judge Wednesday , he said . The Ministry of Justice normally has an official translator present , said Walsh , who often visits foreigners held in jail in Lima . While he was visiting the women , a prosecutor entered and told them that they needed to cooperate as fully as possible , Walsh said . He expects to see the pair again Wednesday evening , he added . Walsh is not aware whether they have an attorney . The court system in Peru provides a public defender , but they may try to hire private defense lawyers , he added . Peru is now the world 's top cultivator of coca , the plant whose leaves are used to produce cocaine . It overtook Colombia for the dubious honor .	The two women ages 19 and 20 were arrested at an airport in Lima One of the suspects , Melissa Reid , says she was made to carry the bags Archbishop says the two are being treated well in detention
Washington  CNN  -- Roughly half of all Americans now think the White House was behind the Internal Revenue Service decision to target conservative political groups , according to a recent CNN/ORC International poll , a growing belief at odds with information recently provided to CNN by congressional investigators . The information includes a full transcript of the May 21 deposition of Holly Paz , a high-ranking IRS official placed on administrative leave as a result of her role in the scandal . Paz was questioned extensively by investigators from the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , which is chaired by one of the administration 's fiercest congressional critics , California GOP Rep. Darrell Issa . The transcript of Paz 's deposition , examined by CNN this week , shows an agency plagued more by bureaucratic ineptitude than partisan political scheming . IRS agents are revealed as politically tone deaf and blind to what was being done , or not done , in different offices that presumably should have been in closer contact . "  Politics was not something they were interested in , " Paz told investigators . "  Because they are so apolitical , they are not as sensitive as we would like them to be as to how things might appear . " Paz is a top official at the IRS division responsible for reviewing applications for tax-exempt status . Some critics argue the division intentionally intimidated and harassed tea party and other conservative groups , often delaying the processing of their applications for months or years . An inspector general 's report released last month found that an IRS unit in Cincinnati had used criteria that included conservative labels such as "  tea party " to target certain groups for extra questioning . IRS rules prevent groups engaged in excessive political activity from becoming tax exempt , but the agency has struggled to develop clear guidelines on the matter . The targeting began in 2010 and ended last year when senior IRS officials learned of it , according to the report . Boehner : ` Who is going to jail ' over IRS scandal Last month , 37 % of the public thought the White House was tied to the IRS controversy . Now , 47 % say the White House was directing the IRS , according to the latest CNN/ORC International survey . Democrats are sensitive to the charge , which some analysts contend has contributed to a recent drop in President Barack Obama 's approval ratings . Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings , the top Democrat on Issa 's panel , released the full transcript on Tuesday of the deposition of a self-described "  conservative Republican " IRS manager who has denied any administration involvement in the scandal . The manager also insisted that the initial decision to flag tea party groups for additional scrutiny originated with lower level IRS staff in Cincinnati , not upper management in Washington or elsewhere . "  This interview transcript provides a detailed first-hand account of how these practices first originated , and it debunks conspiracy theories about how the IRS first started reviewing these cases , " Cummings said . "  Releasing this transcript serves the best interest of Congress and the American people by ensuring that there is an accurate and fair picture of the management challenges facing the IRS . " Obama : IRS actions "  intolerable and inexcusable " The move by Cummings drew a sharp rebuke from Issa , who has also released certain elements of the investigation at different points . "  I am deeply disappointed that Ranking Member Cummings has decided to broadly disseminate and post online a 205 page transcript that will serve as a roadmap for IRS officials to navigate investigative interviews with Congress , " Issa said . "  Americans who think Congress should investigate IRS misconduct should be outraged by Mr. Cummings ' efforts to obstruct needed oversight . " Issa and Cummings have both promised in appearances on CNN 's "  State of the Union " to release transcripts of all of the depositions conducted in the investigation . For her part , Paz told investigators from two House committees that questions about certain applications often remained unanswered because IRS agents were simply "  waiting for guidance " from Washington that was never provided . Meanwhile , agency leaders in Washington remained unaware that applicants were not receiving final answers . Paz was under the impression that the "  tea party " label was internal IRS shorthand for all cases regarding groups involved in campaign politics . "  It was really just an efficient way to refer to this issue , " Paz told investigators , noting that the first case identified with political campaign activity related to an application from a tea party group . "  It 's like calling soda ` Coke ' or you know , tissue ` Kleenex . ' They knew what they meant , and the issue was campaign intervention . " Applications for tax-exempt status "  was an area that did not get a great deal of attention ... outside the IRS , " Paz added . "  It 's only been in recent years that it 's something that has gotten , you know , more media attention and congressional attention . " Many IRS employees have been with the agency "  for decades " and "  were used to a world where how they talked about things internally was not something that would be public or that anyone would be interested in , " Paz said . "  So I do n't think they thought much about how it would appear to others . They knew what they meant , and that was sort of good enough for them . " Paz insisted she never took part in any discussion about targeting conservatives . She also noted other cases in recent years involved a denial of tax-exempt status for liberal groups , an assertion challenged by critics . "  I had no indication that we were not being balanced in what we were doing , " she said . Paz noted that she was personally involved in a review of roughly 40 cases in the fall of 2010 , an acknowledgment undercutting claims that the Cincinnati office was solely to blame for the debacle . Roughly half of the cases involved groups with the words "  tea party " in the name . Tea party and other conservative activists are planning to hold a rally on Capitol Hill on Wednesday to protest the IRS actions .	Deposition of IRS official Holly Paz shows no political motivation behind IRS scandal Paz : "  Politics was not something they were interested in " Paz 's assertion is at odds with belief of growing number of Americans Reps. Issa and Cummings argue over release of deposition transcripts
CNN  -- By distance , the running of the bulls course in Pamplona is pretty short : just 850 meters , or half a mile . But with six , half-ton raging bulls and their menacing horns closing fast , the run can strangely seem like an eternity . An eternity of thrills , of bravery and bragging rights , and sometimes , of tragedy . The tradition of running bulls in this northern Spanish city dates back 400 years , and became known worldwide after author Ernest Hemingway wrote about it in his 1920s novel , "  The Sun Also Rises , " also published under the title "  Fiesta . " Nowadays the annual San Fermin festival is so popular that Pamplona 's population of 200,000 can triple during the eight consecutive days of running , held from July 7 to 14 , at 8 a.m. daily . Hordes of international travelers , many of them young , crowd in for a chance to watch from the barricades and balconies . Many even try their luck with the bulls . Some years ago , I was one of them . I made my only run with the bulls and like most who take part , I did n't run very far . The bulls are faster , and the runners -- now more than a thousand most days , and even more on weekends -- are densely packed . No escape I started close to the beginning of the course , near the top of the Cuesta de Santo Domingo , the hill leading up from the bull corrals , and then dashed across city hall plaza . By the time I took cover , I could n't even get close to the supposed safety of the wooden barricade on my right , because there were already clumps of runners packed against it . Luckily , the bulls kept going straight and did n't turn right , toward me , I kept thinking afterward . Others went further that day , among them my Spanish friend Chema . Perhaps because he 's from a farming village and knows more about bulls . But for novices and others who do n't know enough , there 's fresh help . Just days ago , a group of American , British and Spanish bull running veterans published an e-book : "  Fiesta : How to Survive the Bulls of Pamplona . " Contributors include John Hemingway , grandson of the novelist and himself an author ; Jim Hollander , a Israel-based photographer for the European Pressphoto Agency who 's captured images of the running for years ; and Alexander Fiske-Harrison , a Briton who 's fought bulls . Their collective advice goes well beyond the most important mantra -- that if you fall to the street while running -- stay down and do n't move , and the bulls will likely step over you . I did n't know that rule when I ran . It 's possible some others who in the past have been gored or even killed may not have known it , or heeded it . Because the instinct to get up from the street can come at the worst moment -- just as the bulls ' horns arrive . There 've been 15 deaths since records began in 1924 , most recently in 2009 when a 27-year-old Spanish man was fatally gored in the neck . Thousands more have been injured , often hurt when falling or being pushed to the ground by frantic runners . On the first three days of running this year , 13 people have been taken to hospital , three for goring-related injuries and the rest having being hurt in falls or collisions . Of these , three were non-Spanish , including a 32-year-old man from Chicago who was gored in the right thigh , a 23-year-old from Japan and a 23-year-old man from Nottingham . Ambulances and medical teams now line the course , and the injured are usually transported quickly to hospitals staffed with surgeons experienced in operating on bull goring wounds . Seeing red Police typically try to make the running safer by limiting the crowds inside the course , and prohibiting those who are clearly drunk or carrying objects , like cameras . Yet some see red at this spectacle . This year , animal rights groups again plan demonstrations decrying the bull running and subsequent bullfights where the animals are killed , in the afternoon . Campaigners have had success in Barcelona , where the Catalan regional parliament voted in 2010 to ban bullfights in that region , but their criticism does not seem to have dented Pamplona 's event . The fiesta is an unrivaled source of revenue for the town , an intense week of tourism worth millions of dollars , and the bull running is just a small , albeit renowned , part . Pamplona 's city hall says nearly 1.5 million people attended the hundreds of concerts , parades , children 's activities and religious events organized around last year 's celebration of the city 's patron saint . Yet those eight days included just 17,813 bull runners , some of them repeat participants over several days . Since my own , short run , I 've returned various times as a correspondent to cover Pamplona 's big event . And one of my questions has brought an intriguing answer : some international revelers say they 've never read anything by Hemingway . Not a single book , much less his novel that brought fame to this town . They 've said it repeatedly , over the years , even in the shadow of the statue of Hemingway , which the town proudly erected outside the bullring . For some , the details of his passionate writing are lost . But they 've picked up the gist : Pamplona , they will tell me , is a must see : this wild fiesta and this dangerous bull running .	Running of the Bulls begins this year on July 7 and is expected to attract thousands of participants The annual event usually results in scores of injuries and occasionally fatalities The Spanish fiesta was immortalized in print by Ernest Hemingway in his novel "  The Sun Also Rises . " Hemingway 's grandson is among those who have produced an e-book on how to survive the bull runs
CNN  -- The text messages address various issues and come from all over the African continent . President Obama greets people Saturday during breakfast at Osu Castle in Accra , Ghana . From the personal : "  Obama , as a young lady I dream of being the president . U r a huge encouragement . " To cries for help : "  Dear president , Darfur firing again ... waiting for peace through the change u promised . " To calls for intervention : "  Encourage African leaders to improve the quality and access to education for citizens . " The messages , from Ghana , Sudan and South Africa respectively , were among more than 5,000 sent to Barack Obama during his first visit as president to sub-Saharan Africa . Obama , accompanied by his wife , Michelle , and their two daughters arrived in Ghana on Friday night , sparking excitement in the west African nation . Watch how Ghana is celebrating Obama 's visit " Despite being home to some of the world 's poorest nations , Africa has a vibrant cell phone market , considered by industry analysts as among the fastest-growing worldwide . Administration officials said they set up different numbers across the continent for citizens to communicate with Obama , whose father was from the east African nation of Kenya . "  Over the past week , we have been collecting questions , comments and words of welcome for President Obama via SMS , Twitter , Facebook and from newspapers across Africa , " the White House said on its Web site . Three journalists from South Africa , Senegal and Kenya will vet the questions and provide a few to Obama , who will address them on African radio stations and via a Web video Monday , the White House said . Peter Kimani , a senior associate editor for a Kenyan daily , The Standard , is one of the three . "  The U.S. Embassy picked and vetted the journalists , and we are getting the questions , then it is up to us to determine what questions we will forward to the president , " Kimani said . "  It is our judgment call on what to pick . " Most of the text messages were coming from South Africa , according to a log on the White House Web site . Obama 's one-nation visit has generated envy among Ghana 's neighbors , who considered it a message from the White House to governments that have poor records of stability . Citizens of Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nations , and Kenya were the most vocal in their concerns over the choice of Ghana . "  We r disappointed that you have not chosen Nigeria as your first African point of call , " one text said .	More than 5,000 messages sent to Obama during his visit to Ghana Despite widespread poverty , Africa has a vibrant cell phone market Three African journalists from South Africa , Senegal , Kenya will vet questions Obama will address the questions on African radio stations and via Web video
The NTSB continues to rule out mechanical causes in a deadly Bronx train crash while adding to the possibility that human error was involved . Federal safety investigators have all but eliminated mechanical problems as the cause of the December 1 derailment but added one more clue suggesting the engineer might not have been as attentive as he should have been . At 7:11 a.m. that Sunday -- about 11 minutes before the derailment -- the engineer did not dim the train 's headlights as required when it passed another train , the National Transportation Safety Board said Monday . Engineer William Rockefeller Jr. acknowledged to investigators having a lapse in attention as the train approached a sharp curve , according Rockefeller 's lawyer , Jeffrey Chartier , and his union representative . The train 's motion might have caused him to nod off -- a case of what the lawyer termed "  highway hypnosis . " Four people died and dozens were injured when the train , traveling at about 82 miles per hour , derailed on the curve , which has a 30 mph limit . The NTSB said Monday it believes that positive train control , a high-tech system that targets human error , could have prevented the crash . The safety board has pushed the system for about 20 years . Congress is requiring most major railroads , including Metro-North , to install the costly systems by the end of 2015 . Railroad announces safety upgrades The NTSB said it has completed its inspection of the train and found no anomalies . The "  dead-man " switch -- a foot pedal that must be depressed to keep the train moving -- was also working , the board said . Nor did it find problems with speed sensors , the brake control unit or the train 's propulsion controller . The board reiterated that it found no problems with the tracks or the signal system . Finally , the board said it conducted a "  site/distance " test and found no problems with visibility . "  As a result , at this time , the NTSB believes that if positive train control technology was installed on this line and train , it would have required the engineer to slow the train to an appropriate speed or stop the train in the event the engineer did not do so , likely preventing the derailment , " the board said in a statement . Investigators are still awaiting results of crew drug tests and cellphone records , the board said , and it is continuing interviews with passengers , Metro-North employees who were riding on the train and first responders . Train crash victim was ` pure goodness , ' widow says	Federal investigators have all but eliminated mechanical problems as the cause NTSB : Engineer did not dim lights , as required , when his train passed another Four people died and dozens were injured in the December 1 accident
CNN  -- American Airlines , already grappling with union issues and bankruptcy fallout , is now confronting a third problem : growing reports of loose seats . On Tuesday , the company said another flight had experienced loose seats , bringing the total to three flights on two planes in a week . A plane headed from Vail , Colorado , to Dallas on September 26 had seats come loose , the airline 's vice president of safety confirmed Tuesday . The same aircraft experienced a similar problem on a New York to Miami flight on Monday morning . That flight had to return to John F. Kennedy Airport . Separately , a Boeing 757 from Boston to Miami carrying 175 passengers diverted to New York on Saturday when three seats in row 12 came loose shortly after takeoff . The airline said it would inspect 47 Boeing 757 planes after the incidents . After incidents with airline seats , readers let loose "  Originally , American planned to evaluate the seats on eight Boeing 757 airplanes , but out of an abundance of caution , the decision was made to proactively evaluate a total of 47 Boeing 757 airplanes that have the same model Main Cabin seats with a common locking mechanism , " company spokeswoman Andrea Huguely said in a statement . "  American 's internal investigation has focused on one of three types of Main Cabin seats on the 757s and how the rows of these three seats fit into the track that is used to secure the rows to the floor of the airplanes . Our maintenance and engineering teams have discovered that the root cause is a saddle clamp improperly installed on the foot of the row leg , " she said . The clamps were used on 47 of the company 's 102 Boeing 757 airplanes . So far , American Airlines has inspected at least 36 planes and found that six -- including the two involved in the recent diversions -- had seats that were not properly secured . Not all of the seats were loose , the company said , but they had the potential to become loose . Eleven aircraft could be inspected Wednesday . Huguely said the seats issue does not appear to be connected to any one work group or maintenance facility , and apologized for any inconvenience to customers . "  Safety is -- and always will be -- American 's top concern , " the spokeswoman said . The Federal Aviation Administration is looking into the incidents of loose seats , which are the latest in a string of woes for American Airlines . Earlier Tuesday , an American Airlines flight from Chicago to London made an unscheduled landing at Shannon Airport in Ireland after a passenger reported a smoky odor , an airline spokesman said . American Airlines Flight 98 , a Boeing 777-200 carrying 246 passengers and 14 crew members , was diverted as a precaution , airline spokesman Ian Bradley said . An inspection revealed that the odor was coming from an overhead fan that had overheated , he said . Niall Maloney , head of operations for Shannon Airport , said such technical diversions are not uncommon . Who wants to fly American Airlines ? The airline has also been beset recently by labor troubles , delays and flight cancellations . American , which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection late last year , persuaded a judge to throw out its contract with the pilots union last month . Since then , the pilots have been engaging in what the airline calls a slowdown that has caused the number of flights that are delayed and canceled to skyrocket . More than 1,000 American flights have been canceled and 12,000 delayed in the past month alone . Airline management has blamed the situation on pilots filing what it claims are frivolous reports about aircraft problems . The pilots union has denied management 's assertion . Late Tuesday , a spokesman for the Allied Pilots Association said it would resume contract negotiations with the airline . Tom Hoban said talks could start as early as Wednesday . A company spokesman similarly said that negotiations are set to resume this week . Meanwhile , Robert Gless , deputy director of the Air Transport Division of the Transport Workers Union of America , dismissed the notion that the problems with loose seats were linked to labor issues as "  without any basis in fact . " Seat installation work is largely carried out by outside contractors , rather than maintenance personnel employed by the airline , he said in a statement . "  Problems related to seats are less likely a labor problem , but rather a management issue related to outsourcing work to third-party facilities , " he said . American Airlines plans to increase its use of outside maintenance facilities , including in China and other overseas locations , as it seeks to exit bankruptcy , he added . Seats come loose on two American Airlines flights CNN 's Stephanie Halasz , Saskya Vandoorne , Sherri Maksin , Nick Valencia and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	The seats came loose during three flights on two planes American Airlines is evaluating dozens of planes "  out of abundance of caution " The company says it has found six planes with seats that were not properly secured A pilots union an American could resume contract negotiations as early as Wednesday
CNN  -- Braxton Bielski did n't have a 5-pound bass on his mind when he recently took his cane pole to a reservoir in south Texas . Instead , he and his father were looking to bag a big alligator . They were n't disappointed . Bielski , 18 , caught an 800-pound , 14-foot , 3-inch specimen , the largest to be certified in Texas . "  He 's wanted to hunt alligators for years , " Troy Bielski said of his son , according to a statement from the Texas Parks & Wildlife Department . Braxton , a high school senior , went on his first alligator hunt at Choke Canyon Reservoir in the James E. Daughtrey Wildlife Management Area . The Bielskis were among 481 applicants vying for 10 alligator permits for the public hunt . After undergoing an orientation , father and son placed their baited lines near a large gator they spied in a cove . "  When the two hunters returned the next morning , they realized they had their work cut out as both lines were down indicating they had two alligators hooked , " the wildlife department said . "  A hook and line set baited with raw meat is used to catch the alligator ; only after it has been hooked can a gator be dispatched at close range with a firearm . " Braxton caught the gator on May 7 . His father is a Houston police officer . Some may wonder whether there is something in the water at Choke Canyon Reservoir that makes for such a behemoth . Actually , the area is relatively new to gator hunting and most are left alone to live to old age . Braxton 's catch may have been as old as 50 , officials said .	Texas teenager goes on his first alligator hunt Braxton Bielski bags one more than 14 feet long Catch sets new record
CNN  -- In my mind -- and in the law -- there are two kinds of sexual harassment . The first kind is quid pro quo and easy to spot . A really detestable  usually  man gives his  usually  female subordinate employee or student an ultimatum : Put out or lose some opportunity , be it a grade , a job or a promotion . During the "  Mad Men " era , bosses got away with such , and women thought it the price of a life outside the kitchen . No more . Women no longer think this is OK . Professors even lose tenure over this clearly sexist and illegal behavior these days . We 've come a long way on the road to equality on this front . Lawyers do n't settle such claims for a few months ' salary and a promise of silence . No one knows right now if this is the kind of sexual harassment that Herman Cain is accused of , but I doubt it . For one thing , several others have claimed they witnessed the harassment of the women in question , and such bold threats are n't often made over the dinner table in a restaurant with observers . But then there is the other kind of sexual harassment , the behavior that makes the workplace uncomfortable , that creates an environment that is hostile to women in general , or just to one person because of her  or his  sex , gender , race or ethnicity . Everyone agrees that workplaces ought not to differentiate between actors simply because of their sex , gender , race or ethnicity . But beyond that , when sex and gender are involved , we often get into a "  he said/she said " dialogue . For example , he believed the jokes were simply funny and created a more friendly setting ; she believed they were offensive and created an us  the boys  versus them  her or her and other women  organizational climate where she was always going to be outside the loop , outside informal conversations and social networks that mattered . Another example might be when a powerful man is attracted to one of his co-workers and simply wants to start some sort of sexual friendship , an offer he perhaps had made many times before and occasionally was accepted . But this time , the woman finds a sexual overture from a married boss intimidating and off-putting . She believes it changes forever the climate of the workplace . Even if he never threatened her status after the "  invitation , " she did n't believe the professional relationship would ever be the same after what she perceived to be sexual harassment . If we look at sexual harassment in these terms , as he said/she said , we will never find a solution -- ethical , legal or moral to the problem . At this point , we have yet to create any consensus around the appropriate way to deal with sexual attraction and sexual desire in the workplace . No one can deny that workplaces are often where adults meet their life partners . In a 24/7 work environment , where else do you have to meet a spouse ? And indeed , in a world where people often think of themselves as defined by "  what they do , " it makes sense that those who also do it are the people we have enough in common with to fall for , whether it 's to fall in love , or even just in lust . And yet , we are still in a world where the most powerful class of actors happens to be older men . We do not live in some post-feminist world , where power is yet equally shared . No one wants to anger or displease one 's boss , even a little . Nor do we live in a world where the workplaces have become truly integrated by sex . In fact , the most recent research suggests that in the last decade , we 've stalled at integration by sex . While women are getting more and more of the degrees , they remain in traditionally female-dominated fields , and are not moving forward in male-dominated ones . My hypothesis for why is that heavily male-dominated occupations , including politics , are so heavily masculine in their cultures , full of sexual innuendo and -- perhaps -- the kind of sexual harassment of which Cain is accused . I do n't have an easy answer , but I do know we 'll never solve the problem by trying to figure out what he said or she said . Instead , we have to decide what , as a society , we want to be acceptable or not in our workplaces and schools and then enforce the norms with legal penalties . Here 's a first volley : It should be illegal for men  or women  to make sexual overtures to their subordinates . End of story . Power always gets in the way of easily saying no . But more than that , if we want workplaces that do not privilege the men who have previously dominated the social space , we need to change the culture in which sexual banter objectifies women and turns them into the "  other , " and take seriously the claims by women that men harass them . The more subtle kind of sexual harassment has consequences not only for the individual woman who finally complains , but for all of us , by sustaining a culture where the powerful positions in many occupations , including politics , remain dominated by men . Should accepting boorish sexual banter and unwanted sexual approaches be the price of admission to male-dominated occupations ? It 's up to us as a society to set the standards . Here is a moment in time to take stock : Let 's hear what the women who were silenced by being paid off have to say about the private behavior of a very public man who is running for president . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barbara Risman .	Barbara Risman : Society has n't reached consensus on what 's OK in workplace She says sexual harassment cases often involve "  he said/she said " dialogue Risman : Men remain more powerful in workplace , so rules must be consistent She suggests rule that it 's illegal for bosses to make sexual overtures to subordinates
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Kanye West appeared to blame the pain of his mother 's death two years ago for his "  rude " behavior at Sunday 's MTV Video Music Awards . Kanye West took the microphone from Taylor Swift during her speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards . The rapper told Jay Leno he would now "  take some time off " to think about how he will "  make it through the rest of this life . " West 's appearance on Monday 's prime-time premiere of "  The Jay Leno Show " capped a 24-hour period that began Sunday evening with him strolling down the red carpet at New York 's Radio City Music Hall while gulping from a bottle of Cognac . The low-light came about an hour later , when West jumped onstage and grabbed the microphone from singer Taylor Swift as she accepted the Best Female Video award . West declared that Beyonce Knowles should have won . Watch West grab the microphone from Swift " West appeared sober and humble when he spoke on Leno 's Los Angeles stage Monday , an appearance that was originally to be just musical . "  I immediately knew in this situation that it was wrong , " West told Leno . "  And it was n't a spectacle , you know . It was actually someone 's emotions , you know , that I stepped on and it was very , it was just , it was rude , period . " Watch Kanye try to make amends " When Leno asked West what his mother would have thought of his behavior , he fell silent for more than a dozen seconds and appeared near tears . Leno pressed him again . "  Would she be disappointed in this ? Would she give you a lecture ? " West gave a rambling , emotional answer : "  Yeah , you know , obviously , you know , I deal with hurt and , you know , so many , you know , celebrities , they never take the time off , and I 've never taken the time off to really , you know , I just , music after music and tour after tour on tour , and I 'm just ashamed that my hurt caused someone else 's hurt . " West said he was n't trying to justify his behavior , "  because I was just in the wrong . That 's clear . " "  But I need to , after this , just to take some time off and analyze how I 'm going to , you know , make it through the rest of this life , how I 'm going to improve , " he said . "  Because , I am a celebrity and that 's something I have to deal with . " He said he would like to personally apologize to Swift , a 19-year-old pop-country singer . "  And if there 's anything I can do to help Taylor in the future or help anyone , I want to live this thing . It 's hard sometimes , so . " West then joined fellow hip-hop superstars Jay-Z and Rihanna to perform "  Run This Town , " a song they recorded together . The timing of West 's antics came at a good time for Leno , who embarked on a new era of his career Monday . After 17 years of hosting "  The Tonight Show , " Leno debuted his 10 p.m. weeknight talk show on NBC . Apologies from celebrities behaving badly have boosted Leno 's ratings . In 1995 , Leno enjoyed a ratings-grabbing moment when he asked actor Hugh Grant , "  What the hell were you thinking ? " Grant had been arrested two weeks earlier for public lewd conduct with a Hollywood hooker . Watch the outcry over West 's outburst " When Grant told Leno "  I did a bad thing , " it gave Leno 's "  Tonight Show " a viewership bump that has been credited with solidifying his lead over rival David Letterman in the late-night ratings war . iReport.com : Leno gets an "  A all the way " This is just the kind of "  immediacy " Leno was talking about in a call with reporters last week . "  The idea here is that we 'll tape a new , fresh show every single day , talking about the events that happened that day that night , " Leno said . Jerry Seinfeld also appeared on Leno 's premiere Monday .	Rapper grabbed mic from Taylor Swift as she accepted the Best Female Video award West appears on "  The Jay Leno Show " and says "  it was rude , period " Apologies from celebrities behaving badly have boosted Leno 's ratings
CNN  -- The gunman in last week 's Oregon mall shooting acted "  weird " and had talked about moving and selling his possessions , his roommate said . In court documents released Monday , those and other details drew a rough sketch of the shooter , identified as 22-year-old Jacob Tyler Roberts . Investigators say he opened fire at the Clackamas Town Center mall outside Portland , killing two people and wounding a third , before taking his own life . Oregon gunman on Facebook : ' I have lived one crazy life ' Hours after the deadly rampage , the roommate called a tip line and told a detective he thought Roberts might be responsible . The roommate said he once found a box of AR-15 ammunition at the house . He told the detective Roberts had acted "  weird " recently and talked about moving to Hawaii and selling his belongings on Craigslist . Roberts , in fact , had sold some things there , said the roommate . The documents also showed the weapon used in last Tuesday 's shooting , a Stag Arms brand AR-15 style rifle , was legally purchased by a friend of Roberts . The night before the shooting , Roberts spent time with that friend , telling him he needed to get out town and needed a gun . When the friend awoke the next day , his rifle and Roberts were missing , he told a detective . Authorities have offered few other details about Roberts , the man they say shot 54-year-old Cindy Ann Yuille and 45-year-old Steven Mathew Forsyth . Both died of single gunshot wounds . Shooting victims remembered Roberts also shot Kristina Shevchenko , police say . The 15-year-old suffered a collapsed right lung and injuries to her liver after being shot in the chest , a doctor told reporters last week . She was listed in fair condition early Monday , up from serious , at Oregon Health & Science University Hospital in Portland . Shoppers return to Oregon mall after shooting Portland police , U.S. agree on excessive force reform Complete coverage of the Newtown , Connecticut , shootings	Court documents released Monday draw a rough sketch of the shooter Investigators have identified him as 22-year-old Jacob Tyler Roberts His roommate says Roberts had talked about moving to Hawaii Roberts shot three people , killing two , before taking his own life , police say
CNN  -- The biggest near-term unintended consequence of the Obama Democrats ' decision to destroy the Senate filibuster will be the repeal of Obamacare . Under the old Senate rules , a minority could use the filibuster to block undesired change . It required 60 votes to run over a determined minority . Even if the Republicans have a good outcome in 2014 and 2016 , there is a pretty good chance they will not win the 15 seats  one third of their current total membership  that would have been required to make major changes under the old Senate rules . Winning even 14 seats in the next two elections would have left them one short of a filibuster proof majority  and that assumes all the Republicans would agree on repeal  . Now , with one clever move , the Obama Democrats have lowered the bar from 60 votes to 51 . The odds of gaining six seats from the current 45 are dramatically better than trying to pick up 15 seats . For my entire career in the House , including when I was speaker , we were told again and again of the things we could n't pass because they would n't get through a Senate filibuster . Now that inhibition is gone . The Democrats will try to say they have only eliminated the filibuster for certain cases involving presidential appointees , not legislation . But what they have really eliminated is a longstanding principle of the Senate . With a simple majority , Republicans could soon push through dramatic changes like the replacement of Obamacare because a liberal minority would have no tools to stop it . In 2016 , every Republican candidate for House , Senate , and president will be asked if he or she is committed to replacing Obamacare in the first 100 days . Virtually all of them will pledge to do so . The opportunity for a breakout from the entire obsolete bureaucratic structure is now enormous . This makes the 2014 and 2016 elections among the highest stakes of any in recent memory . When Obamacare disappears with a simple majority vote in the Senate , thank President Obama and Senator Reid for the new Senate rules which made it possible . It all started this week . It will end around March 1 , 2017 . The die has been cast . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	Newt Gingrich : Unintended effect of Senate filibuster change will be Obamacare repeal Dems ditching 60-vote rule means only 51 in GOP needed to push through changes , he says He says GOP 's 2016 candidates will be asked to commit to repealing law Gingrich : Possibility of undoing law raises stakes of next two elections
Thai anti-government demonstrators massed Wednesday outside the Prime Minister 's makeshift office , a day after clashes with police in the streets of Bangkok killed five people . The protesters have been rallying in the city for months , demanding that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra step down . Their long-running campaign has deepened political divisions in Thailand , undermined the functioning of the national government and stirred outbreaks of deadly violence . The demonstrators want to rid the country of the influence of Yingluck and her older brother , former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who they say controls the government from self-imposed exile . They are calling for the creation of an unelected "  people 's council " to oversee electoral and political changes . 10 questions : What 's behind the protests in Thailand ? Deadly clashes With Thailand still scarred by a severe bout of civil unrest in 2010 -- in which a crackdown on pro-Thaksin protesters by security forces left scores of people dead -- police had until recently largely refrained from using force on the current demonstrations . But last week , police began attempts to clear sites occupied by protesters for months . Government officials said the protesters ' actions were blocking public access to government services . The police measures encountered strong resistance from protesters in central Bangkok on Tuesday , and clashes between the two sides erupted into gun fire . Five people , including a police officer , died in the violence , and more than 70 were wounded . Police have suspended efforts to seize the protest sites for the time being , said Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , the national security chief . Protesters gather The anti-government protesters , meanwhile , are trying to keep up the pressure on Yingluck by gathering Wednesday outside Defense Secretariat offices in the suburbs of Bangkok where the Prime Minister has set up a temporary office . She has had to relocate there after the demonstrators blocked access to Government House , the office of the Prime Minister and appointed cabinet ministers in central Bangkok . Thousands of demonstrators assembled near the Defense Secretariat compound , arriving by foot , on bikes and in pick-up trucks . Some of them waved flags and others blew whistles , a trademark of their movement . About 1,000 police officers in riot gear were positioned outside the compound . It was n't immediately unclear whether Yingluck was inside the offices Wednesday . She gave a televised speech from there on Tuesday . Political uncertainty The Prime Minister is also facing difficulties over her government 's controversial rice subsidy program . Thailand 's anti-corruption commission said Tuesday it was bringing charges against Yingluck over allegations she failed to act on warnings of corruption in the program , which paid farmers well above the market rate for their rice but has run into financial problems . Yingluck said Tuesday that the program had been successful and that there was "  no conspiracy to corrupt . " The current protests in Bangkok were sparked in November by Yingluck 's government 's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have paved the way for her brother 's return to the political fray in earnest . Yingluck called elections in December in the hope that they wcould help ease tensions . But the main opposition party boycotted the vote earlier this month , and protesters caused widespread disruption , making the outcome of the election inconclusive . That has left Yingluck 's caretaker administration unable to operate fully .	Demonstrators assemble outside the Prime Minister 's temporary office Thousands of them arrive on foot , on bikes and in pick-up trucks Clashes between demonstrators and police left five people dead on Tuesday The protesters have been campaigning against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra
CNN  -- Maoist insurgents killed a dozen soldiers and two civilians during an ambush in southeastern Peru , the military said Friday . The military blamed "  narco-terrorists " of the Shining Path for the attack Thursday night in Tayacaja province as the soldiers were returning by truck to their counterterrorism base in Cochabamba Grande . The region is where most of the country 's coca leaf and cocaine are produced . "  At the height of the place named Sajona Curve , terrorists detonated an explosive charge under a civilian truck carrying villagers , and immediately fired with long-range weapons on all vehicles , " the military said in a statement . "  The military reacted immediately , engaging in a clash that lasted several hours , " the statement said . "  This unfortunate act shows that the narco-terrorist organization Sendero Luminoso -LSB- Shining Path -RSB- is continuing in its bloodthirsty actions ... without discriminating among women and children . " The Shining Path and the smaller Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement are blamed for the deaths of thousands of Peruvians . The rebels have been targets of a fierce government crackdown in the mountainous region of Peru .	Ambush kills 12 soldiers and two civilians in southeastern Peru Peru 's military blames "  narco-terrorists " of the Shining Path for attack Rebels have been targets of a fierce government crackdown
CNN  -- At least 1.2 billion usernames and passwords hacked . Is this truly scary or corporate fearmongering ? The New York Times published an article this week that has shocked the public . The article says that a Russian cybercrime group by the name of CyberVor has amassed this astoundingly large number of credentials from upwards of 420,000 distinct web sites . My immediate response was : Yeah , so ? In the context of the story it would seem that countless passwords are now known to this criminal group , and we should be panicking and changing all of our passwords . But wait a minute . Hold Security , the company that found this hack , may have a commercial interest in this reaction . Hold Security offers to tell companies if their usernames and passwords were compromised for the princely sum of $ 120 . Arguably , Hold Security stood to make more money out of this story than the Russian hackers themselves . Rather than go down the rabbit hole , let 's focus on what this really means and how we should react . While 1.2 billion is a big number , it appears that many of these credentials could have been obtained from previous large-scale breaches such as Adobe , Sony , LinkedIn , RockYou.com and eBay . The totals from these sites alone adds up to close to half a billion . We can also assume that many of the 420,000 hacked websites were Mom and Pop blogs , forums and other places where people often consider using a "  throwaway " password . The concept is that things like your email , social media and bank require secure , unique passwords . But all the other junk in our lives can just use a simple , less secure password . The criminals do n't have the passwords in most cases . They have cryptographic representations of the passwords known as hashes . These hashes come in a lot of varieties with varying degrees of security associated with them . The purpose of a hash is to slow down an attacker from being able to acquire your password if a password database is stolen . This hashing is most effective if you follow good security practices , like not using dictionary words , and making sure to include numbers and symbols in your password . People in general are bad at choosing passwords . That means hashing is often only a speedbump for a determined attacker . But the hashes bring out the truth of the matter . The criminals do n't necessarily even have your password . They have a hash that could result in them discovering your password , especially if it is poorly chosen like password123 or qwrtyasdfg . Many of these stolen hashes may have been obtained some time ago , which means they are less useful to the crooks now . Of course , we do n't know the truth and ca n't analyze what is known because Hold Security is trying to figure out how to monetize the knowledge , leaving even the experts a bit in the dark about how serious a discovery this truly is . My advice ? Keep calm and carry on . It is always a good practice to use strong passwords and different passwords on the different sites we use and change them if we have reason to believe they might be compromised . There are many tools available to assist with automating this task , making it only a minor inconvenience to keep track of your new stronger passwords . Many are available at no cost . And if we have learned anything during our first 20 years of web surfing , it 's that we need a helping hand with our passwords . Hold Security 's findings are interesting . If the research community gains access to the information we will all jump in with both feet to determine how it happened , what it means for Internet security going forward and possibly even who is behind the attacks . But for the rest of the world ? It 's business as usual . Think before you click , do your best to follow best practices with regard to your privacy and safety and enjoy your online experience . It 's not as scary as it looks .	New York Times says 1.2 billion usernames and passwords were hacked by Russians Chester Wisniewski : This is not as scary as it seems , carry on He says company that found the hack may have a commercial interest in the reactions Wisniewski : Of course , it 's always good practice to use strong passwords
CNN  -- Felipe Massa will not be returning to Formula One this season , his Ferrari team have officially announced . Massa is still showing the scars of the horror crash at the Hungarian GP in July . The Brazilian has been out of action since a freak crash in qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix left him with life-threatening head injuries . The speed of his recovery from a fractured skull has prompted speculation he could take the wheel of the Ferrari for the season-ending race in Abu Dhabi on November 1 . Indeed Massa was back on the track in a private test at Ferrari 's Maranello headquarters in Italy on Monday , but the team insist that is merely a stepping stone for next season . "  This is in no way a proper test session and looking at the stopwatch will not be on the agenda - there will be plenty of time for that in 2010 , when , alongside Fernando Alonso , he will begin development work of the new single-seater , " read a statement on the team 's oficial Web site www.ferrari.com . Ferrari did reveal that a medical check up that Massa underwent in Paris last Friday proved "  rather positive " but emphasized it did not signal a dream return . "  Felipe and the team want to proceed gradually and without any hurry to recover as well as possible from the effects of the accident that happened in Budapest back on 25th July . "  Therefore talk of a proper return to Formula One can wait until the start of the 2010 season and only at that time will the medical checks be carried out , as required by the FIA in order to allow someone who has been injured to return to racing . " Giancarlo Fisichella will continue to deputize for Massa for the remaining two races of the season in Brazil and Abu Dhabi , driving alongside Kimi Raikkonen of Finland . Raikkonen is leaving the team at the end of the season to be replaced by two-time world champion Alonso , who will carry Ferrari 's hopes for 2010 alongside 2008 title runner-up Massa . The 28-year-old Massa was hit in the head by a spring which fell from the Brawn GP car of fellow Brazilian Rubens Barrichello . There were fears for his life in the immediate aftermath of the horror crash as he lay in an induced for coma in a military hospital in Budapest . Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher was slated to replace him in a sensational return to Formula One , but the German superstar had to cut short his comeback due to a neck injury . Test driver Luca Badoer proved a below-par replacement and Fisichella , who will stay at the Ferrari next season as the reserve driver , jumped ship from Force India for the drive .	Ferrari say Felipe Massa will not be returning to F1 circuit this season Brazilian has been recovering from injuries he received in horror crash in Hungary Massa will be doing private test at Ferrari headquarters on Monday
In a closely watched ruling among those who criticize the captivity of marine mammals , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on Friday denied SeaWorld 's appeal of safety citations issued by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration after the death of a trainer . A 12,000-pound killer whale named Tilikum four years ago dragged veteran trainer Dawn Brancheau into the water and killed her in front of a horrified audience at SeaWorld 's flagship park in Orlando . After her death , OSHA cited SeaWorld and restricted how humans interact with killer whales during performances . Those restrictions include a mandate that humans stay out of the water with killer whales unless there are physical barriers to reduce the risk of injury or death . SeaWorld appealed but the judges , in a 2-1 decision , agreed with OSHA 's measures . "  The administrative record establishes that SeaWorld did not lack fair notice because the hazard arising from trainers ' close contact with killer whales in performance is preventable , " judges wrote . One judge dissented , saying OSHA is overstepping its bounds and has no more of a right to impose restrictions on a specialized industry like SeaWorld than it does to regulate tackling in the NFL . SeaWorld said it was disappointed by the decision and has not yet determined whether it will appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court . "  Following the tragic death of Dawn Brancheau in 2010 , we voluntarily deployed several new safety measures , including removing trainers from the water during shows . In so noting in its opinion , the court acknowledged that there will still be human interactions and performances with killer whales and , according to the court , the decision simply requires that we continue with increased safety measures during our shows , " it said . The Labor Department , which includes OSHA , said it was pleased by the judges ' findings . "  The D.C. Circuit Court found that SeaWorld knew about the hazards associated with killer whale performances , and that the company did not adequately address those hazards , " the agency said . Months after ` Blackfish ' airs , debate continues	Killer whale dragged a trainer into water and killed her four years ago OSHA issued safety citations and SeaWorld appealed Federal appeals court denied the appeal
Tacloban City , The Philippines  CNN  -- The day after the typhoon , Father Edwin Bacaltos stepped out of the compound of the Church of Our Mother of Perpetual Help in central Tacloban and began his work . The scene was one of unspeakable horror . Dead bodies were strewn all over the place . The debris of shattered buildings and their contents filled the street . Father Bacaltos ' self-appointed task that day was to bless the bodies that lay scattered around his parish . He crossed the road to the hospital opposite the church compound , tending to each of the corpses in its grounds . He then moved onto other areas that were n't blocked off by walls of wreckage . His day of work took a heavy mental toll . "  It was difficult for me , " he said . "  It was a really emotional experience . " The next day , he said , "  When I celebrated the Eucharist , I broke down because of all the suffering I had seen . " Hundreds of survivors were taking refuge in the church compound , much of which withstood Super Typhoon Haiyan 's ferocious winds and destructive storm surge . Many of them asked the pastor how God could let such a calamity befall this predominantly Catholic city . His response , he said , was to tell them that "  God is not the cause of the suffering . God can not prevent this . This is the work of nature . " But why it had to happen to Tacloban and its more than 200,000 residents , Father Bacaltos acknowledged , is "  difficult to explain . " As the people who remain in this broken city attempt to come to terms with the catastrophe that engulfed them a week ago , religion is offering a degree of solace for some of those who have suffered incalculable losses . It 's also providing basic elements of community and support to residents of an area where local government ceased to fully function for several days and is still only slowly sputtering back into action . In Santo Nino Church -- situated a few blocks north of Father Bacaltos ' compound -- Joan Norcio , 26 , sat on one of the wooden pews near the back , waiting for Mass to begin . Her home has been destroyed , she said , and three members of her family are still missing . She 's received no food from authorities , relying on the charity of her neighbors instead . Attending Mass at Santo Nino has been "  a big help " during this time , she said , sitting solemnly next to a motherly neighbor and the neighbor 's young son . The storm ripped off most of the roof of the church . A large pool of dirty water sits in the center of the floor . And the adoration chapel is filled with brown sludge and broken chairs . But the altar is still largely intact . Masses resumed the day after the typhoon and are now being held two or three times a day , said Father Isagani Petilos , one of the two senior pastors at the church . Father Petilos , who also blessed the bodies in the area surrounding his church soon after the storm , said he did n't know if religion was helping the survivors endure the aftermath . "  Only God knows , " he said . "  Only these people know . We are all victims . There are whole families lost . " He and his colleagues have encouraged people to write the names of those killed in the storm on a board , so that they can be included in the congregation 's prayers . Norcio said she has made use of another board at the back of the church where people can put details about missing loved ones in the hope that others who might know of their whereabouts can alert them . Sitting a few rows farther forward , Arsenia Orioque , 74 , had come to the church to pray and to take advantage of the medical services being offered there each afternoon . Since the storm washed out her home and mini-grocery store , she has developed a bad cough , she said . All her clothes were ruined , leaving her to wear a red t-shirt that a neighbor took for her from a nearby shopping mall during the looting in the typhoon 's aftermath . She seldom came to church before the storm struck , but now she says she can find peace there . "  In my prayers , I give thanks that I survived the typhoon , " she said . In the Philippines , more than 80 % of the population describes itself as Roman Catholic , and only a tiny fraction of those surveyed in the national census say they have no religion at all . Many of Tacloban residents feel close to the nation 's Catholic history . In 1521 , the Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan landed on Honmonhon Island , which sits on the Gulf of Leyte not far from Tacloban . Though he was eventually killed in a fight on another Philippine island , his arrival marked the beginning of the conversion of most of the archipelago to Catholicism . The missionary spirit is alive and well in Father Bacaltos ' chuch . It has provided food and shelter to more than 300 families since the storm , he said . Inside the church , children played in the aisle and pieces of meat were cooking in a pan on a small fire . Sitting shirtless on one pew with a cigarette in his mouth , Eddie Cinco disagreed with the pastor 's view of the cause of the storm . "  It was an act of God , " he said , a silver crucifix hanging from his neck and a wound gradually healing on his right arm . "  Only God is strong enough to do this . " Rubbing one of his bare feet , he said that God had perhaps decided to punish Tacloban , but he could n't think why . Cinco said that he was thankful that he and his six family members staying in the church had been spared , even if their home had been flattened . In his prayers , he said , he asks for no more calamities . The churches are doing their best to help the living , but the dead are not being afforded a great deal of dignity - despite the pastors ' initial efforts . Corpses have lined the streets here for days , festering in plain view . Many of them are now encased in body bags , and workers are gradually collecting them and moving them to an outdoor morgue . In front of the Church of Our Mother of Perpetual Help on Friday , a row of body bags was being hauled onto the back of a truck . Last in line was a rudimentary coffin with a wooden cross leaning against it . Determining that the coffin would n't fit on the truck , the workers picked up the wooden cross and used it to smash open the lid . They pulled out the decaying bodies of a young woman and an older man , loosely wrapped in plastic , and deposited them on the road . In front of a growing crowd , many of whom covered their noses with their hands or shirts , the workers placed the corpses in body bags and added them to the pile on the truck . On the outskirts of town , bodies that had n't been claimed by relatives who had to examine corpse after corpse at the morgue near the city hall were being lumped into mass graves . There was no sign of religious rites at the proceedings . But Mayor Alfred Romualdez said a priest would conduct a ceremony at the mass graves , once the national authorities had given their approval . Such grim scenes remain harrowingly abundant in and around Tacloban . But Father Petilos urged people not to focus only on the misery . "  Even if we have this kind of situation , there is still hope , " he said , noting that some families in the city had begun the long , slow process of rebuilding their lives . "  Yes , we may have been damaged , " he said . "  Devastated . But we 're not dead . " BELIEF BLOG : Jesus statue unscathed by Typhoon Haiyan Are you there ? Share your stories	The day after the typhoon , Father Edwin Bacaltos ' task was to bless the dead Religion is offering some solace for those who have suffered losses The missionary has provided food and shelter to more than 300 families God had perhaps decided to punish Tacloban , says Father Bacaltos
Guatemala City , Guatemala  CNN  -- In a country where 20 % of people live on less than a dollar a day , Richard Grinnell is doing his level best to help the impoverished people of Guatemala . Grinnell runs an American charity here called Helps International , which arranges medical procedures done by American doctors and provides stoves to the poorest of the poor . So when he heard that 15 small American charities that have nothing to do with foreign aid claimed to have sent $ 40 million worth of medicines to Guatemala in a single year , he was surprised , to say the least . Grinnell said his charity runs 15,000 clinics throughout Guatemala at a cost of about $ 300,000 a year . "  Any charity that spends even a million dollars a year would be huge , " he said . Documents obtained by CNN show that Charity Services International , a private South Carolina company , claimed to have shipped nearly $ 40 million in medicines and other donations on behalf of 15 small charities to Guatemala in 2010 . Those same charities also reported sending another $ 10 million to Guatemala the next year . According to its tax filings , one of those American charities , The Breast Cancer Society of Mesa , Arizona , claimed to have shipped $ 22 million of donations by itself in 2010 . But a joint investigation by CNN , the Tampa Bay Times and the Center for Investigative Reporting could find no trace of even a fraction of those donations . CNN traveled across Guatemala to find these medicines , starting with the Order of Malta , which was listed as the biggest recipient of Charity Services International 's alleged donations . All the American charity donations were funneled through the downtown Guatemala City office of the Order of Malta , a centuries-old charity with links to the Catholic Church that is accorded diplomatic status by some countries . At the downtown building listed as the Order of Malta 's headquarters , a building manager said it had been five years since the Order of Malta had offices there . Inside another office building with an impressive sign saying it was the "  Embassy " of the Order of Malta , an assistant said no one was inside . About an hour 's drive outside the capital , a guard stood outside a gated iron fence with a sign for the Order of Malta . The guard said the fence surrounded a warehouse with donated medicines , but he refused to allow CNN access . A spokesman for the Order of Malta , Enrique Hegel , later told CNN that it received two or three shipments a month in 2010 and 2011 from American charities , "  depending on the season . " He would not respond to other questions . Robert Gramajo , who signed for some of those donations in 2010 and 2011 , said he never saw any dollar amounts listed for the goods he received . He also told CNN that the Order of Malta closed a clinic that had offered free mammograms for Guatemalan women in 2011 because there were no funds to continue its operation . Gramajo , who said he left the Order of Malta two years ago , now operates his own charity . What 's this all about ? Charity watchdog groups said some American charities want to impress potential donors and therefore claim huge amounts of dollar values in medicines and other goods shipped abroad to poor countries . In reality , these charities send small amounts of goods and state regulators say they inflate the values time and time again . Roy Tidwell , CEO of Charity Services International , declined to say what precisely comprised the millions of dollars of goods sent to Guatemala , citing confidentiality for his clients . But he said in an e-mail that all the donations were valued by the charities and not by his shipping office . That 's not so , according to a spokeswoman for the Breast Cancer Society , one of the 15 small charities that donated items to Guatemala through Charity Services International . Spokeswoman Kristina Hixson said it was Charity Services International that provided all the valuations . Hixon also said Breast Cancer Society had "  amended " some of its IRS filings to eliminate $ 12 million worth of claimed donations to Guatemala . In addition , she said the Breast Cancer Society had given "  $ 36 million of medicines and supplies to those in desperate need " to other Central American countries and to West African nations . Tampa Bay Times ' charity checker Back in the Guatemalan countryside , Richard Grinnell said he has never even heard of the Order of Malta nor any of the American charities that claimed to have donated millions and millions of dollars ' worth of supplies . People in rural parts of the country , he said , are so impoverished that even a few dollars a day more and free medicine would mean the world . The huge donations claimed by these American charities , he said , just do n't happen in his world . Center for Investigative Reporting : More on this story Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Documents uncovered by CNN show $ 40 million in donations to Guatemala Yet there was no sign of these donations in the poor Central American country "  Any charity that spends even a million dollars a year would be huge , " aid worker says
CNN  -- Several University of Notre Dame students , including four football players , are being investigated over academic fraud allegations , the university said . Notre Dame Director of Athletics Jack Swarbrick confirmed Friday that the football players are wide receiver DaVaris Daniels , defensive back KeiVarae Russell , defensive lineman Ishaq Williams and linebacker Kendall Moore . The four will be held out of practice and upcoming game action until the investigation is complete . "  Integrity is at the heart of our mission and academic misconduct will not be tolerated at Notre Dame , " university President the Rev. John I. Jenkins said in a statement . "  If the suspected improprieties are proven , we will use the experience to reinforce among our students the importance of honesty in all that they do . We are also examining ways of better conveying to students that they can avail themselves of legitimate academic assistance without resorting to cheating . " Notre Dame said in the statement it has evidence that students had submitted papers and homework that had been written for them by others . The university said this was detected at the end of the summer session and referred to the compliance office in athletics on July 29 . NCAA discussing how it deals with academic fraud The school said if it determines that the football players were engaged in improprieties during past competition , it will vacate any victories in which those players participated . It notified the NCAA on Friday morning of the potential violations . At a Friday news conference , Jenkins said , "  It will take as long as it takes " to complete the investigation , but he would n't give an estimated timetable . He said he was not prepared to say how many students were involved . "  We 'll go as quickly as we can , but our emphasis will be on thoroughness , " Jenkins said . Swarbrick and Jenkins said head football coach Brian Kelly and his staff have been cooperating in the investigation . Jenkins added that there is no evidence that Kelly or his assistant coaches knew about the potential academic fraud . "  We have great confidence in Brian and his staff , " Jenkins said . Swarbrick told Kelly of the investigation on Thursday . "  For me , my emotions were shock and disappointment , " Kelly told reporters Saturday . "  I feel for the four young men . " The coach wo n't be involved in the investigation . He also did n't have a lot of information about the accusations , he said . The team suited up and practiced in South Bend , Indiana . A knot of fans watched from the stands . "  I will be on the outside looking in , as it relates to this process , " Kelly said of the investigation . "  I 've got a job to do , and I have another 100 players that I have to be concerned with . " The students and student-athletes involved in the investigation will remain enrolled until the investigation is complete . "  The University is committed to thorough resolution of this matter , consistent with its commitment to academic integrity and adherence to NCAA rules , " Jenkins said . CNN reached out to Notre Dame athletic department officials in an attempt to get statements from the football players , but the university did not immediately respond . This is n't the first time a member of the Irish football team has been linked to alleged academic improprieties . Quarterback Everett Golson , a key member of the Irish team that went undefeated in the 2012 regular season and lost the BCS national championship game to Alabama , was dismissed from the school in May 2013 for what he called "  poor academic judgment . " He was suspended for the fall semester . At the time , Golson did not release details on what led to his suspension . Golson has since returned to Notre Dame and regained the Irish starting quarterback job earlier this week . He is not implicated in this academic fraud investigation . Charges dropped in UNC ` paper classes ' case CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  My emotions were shock and disappointment , " coach says NEW : Coach says he wo n't be involved in probe and "  will be on the outside looking in " Notre Dame probes accusations that players submitted work done for them by others Four football players can not practice , play pending results
CNN  -- Chances are , you know someone whose child has been diagnosed with attention-deficit  hyperactivity  disorder . Perhaps you 've received that news about yourself or your own child . In many cases , it 's a legitimate issue and can require medication , therapy or both . But in my experience , ADHD is sometimes a diagnosis that can be mistakenly given based on a pattern of behavior , without appropriate understanding of the underlying biology . For many children , particularly those in low-income communities , their behavior issues are not really about underactivity of the brain 's attentive function , the hallmark of ADHD . Rather , behavior is just one outward sign of a more significant health threat that doctors are just beginning to understand : toxic stress . According to the American Academy of Pediatrics , the term "  toxic stress " describes the disruption in brain architecture and other developing organ systems that occur when a child is exposed to strong , frequent or prolonged adversity . Unlike ADHD , toxic stress involves many systems of the body and is characterized by a dramatic increase in stress-related disease and cognitive impairment . I observe its effects every day as a pediatrician working in one of San Francisco 's poorest neighborhoods . We want to prevent , screen and heal those who come under toxic stress . It can begin in infancy When we think of the emotional life of a baby , we often reduce the child 's feelings to the way he behaves around a few daily activities . We hear an infant cry when he needs to eat or sleep or when he feels uncomfortable . Most caretakers tune in and attend to those needs . But an infant 's well-being is not just about food , rest and diapers . There 's a lot more going on inside a baby 's brain and body that we can nurture . Early childhood is a time of dramatic development of the brain and other organ systems . Children 's brains rapidly adapt to the environment around them , for better or worse . During the critical developmental years , between birth and age 4 , some children experience high anxiety or fear because their home or neighborhood environments are unsafe . They 're subject or witness to physical or emotional abuse , community violence or even extreme poverty . This trauma can have a tremendous impact on a child 's brain development , as well as the development of their immune system , their hormone systems and even the way their DNA is read and transcribed . Toxic stress is not typical stress Although we all experience some stress growing up -- and some stress actually helps a child learn to navigate our complex world -- repeated "  adverse childhood experiences " can activate the body 's stress response system . That 's called "  toxic " stress , and it can affect the way the brain and body develop . Adverse childhood experiences activate the same kind of "  fight-or-flight " response you 'd experience if , say , you were walking in the forest and you came face-to-face with a bear . Immediately , the body releases stress hormones like adrenaline and cortisol that trigger your heart to pound and raise your blood pressure so that you can either fight the bear or run away . Chronic stress leads to frequent triggering of this chemical response , and that can be harmful to a child 's development long-term . The groundbreaking study in this area , published in 1998 , found that a person with four or more adverse childhood experiences had 2.6 times the risk of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease compared with someone with no such experiences . Adverse childhood experiences also heighten the chance of obesity , stroke , cancer , asthma and diabetes , and multiply the risk of hepatitis , depression and heart disease . Other researchers have found that individuals exposed to high doses of adversity in childhood have increased markers of inflammation in their blood in adulthood and long-term changes in levels of stress hormones like cortisol . A caregiver is a child 's best buffer Even in an atmosphere where stress is frequent and not controllable , a young child 's parent or caregiver is the best shield against the effects of toxic stress . When a caregiver is able help the child makes sense of the world , manage difficult feelings and develop healthy coping skills , toxic stress can be prevented . The quality of a caregiver 's interaction with a child is a key building block for healthy emotional , social and physical development . Some of the best ways to support a child 's health and development involve simple things like talking , laughing , taking time to play with a child one-on-one and just slowing down to spend time together . This is why I am so proud to be a part of Too Small to Fail , a joint initiative between Next Generation and the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation . This initiative is focused on helping parents and caregivers understand that everyday interactions with children -- even if seemingly small , like enjoying a good book or a laugh with a child -- can protect their health and well-being . Poverty and adversity do n't have to be a prescription for lifelong poor health . With strong bonds established in the early years , parents can positively impact their children 's lives and help them build a strong foundation for success .	Nadine Harris : Some kids have "  toxic stress " and not attention-deficit  hyperactivity  disorder Harris : Toxic stress can disrupt a child 's brain development and affect organ systems She says parent or caregiver is best shield against effects of toxic stress Harris : The Too Small to Fail initiative can help parents increase children 's well-being
Alcohol has been involved in most of the deaths blamed on the extreme cold in Ukraine , the country worst affected by the icy temperatures gripping Eastern Europe , a government minister said Wednesday . Nine out of 10 of the deaths reported have been alcohol-related , Emergency Situations Minister Viktor Baloga said . At least 135 deaths have been reported in Ukraine in the past two weeks , but he suggested the actual number that can be blamed on the winter weather is somewhat lower , at 112 . About 3,000 people have been hospitalized because of the cold since January 27 , officials said . Authorities in Ukraine have set up an emergency hospital to deal with people suffering from cold-related conditions , and distributed 3,000 emergency relief tents across the country , they said . The tents are heated , and people with nowhere else to go can get hot food and drinks . Ukraine 's capital , Kiev , has more than 14,000 homeless people , authorities said . They are among the most vulnerable to winter 's bitter chill . Dr. Anatoliiy Vershigora , doctor-in-chief at an emergency help station in Kiev , told CNN many of those suffering frostbite , hypothermia and in some cases death were alcoholics -- but that others had been drinking in the mistaken belief it would help keep them warm . Outdoor workers , such as those at market stalls , were also suffering frostbite in the extreme conditions , he said , as were some children whose parents had let them spend too long outside . Joe Lowry , a spokesman for the International Red Cross in Europe , said : "  It is an unfortunate fact that a lot of homeless people are alcoholic or dependent on other substances -- it may be why they are homeless in the first place . "  Alcohol creates the illusion of being warm , so it 's not surprising that people are drinking and not surprising that they pass out , " he said , adding that this is when hypothermia can occur . "  Our approach would be to try to get to these people before they have too much to drink , if we can find them and get them to safety . Obviously , a full belly or hot drinks is far , far better for you than vodka . " Red Cross volunteers have been working with authorities to help distribute warm clothing , boots , hot food and drinks in Ukraine and elsewhere , Lowry said , speaking to CNN from Slovakia . But , he added , the people who are most in need of help are often hard to locate . "  These people are outside the normal safety nets , difficult to find , and do n't realize the great danger they are in . " Dr. Sam Zakhari , director of the Division of Metabolism and Health Effects in the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism at the National Institutes of Health , said consuming alcohol is dangerous in cold weather for two main reasons . One is that alcohol causes the dilation of blood vessels in the skin , which means they are wider and more blood passes through . This makes the person feel hot , which is not an issue if the person is warmly dressed and indoors , Zakhari said . But "  if he or she is not wearing enough warm clothes they will lose heat rapidly , and that can contribute to hypothermia . " Secondly , he said , a person who is inebriated may not have the ability to judge what 's happening or respond appropriately . He or she may slip and fall in the icy conditions and risk becoming unconscious , or fall asleep as alcohol depresses the central nervous system , he said . Zakhari advises those who are inebriated to stay inside for safety , where possible , or if they must be outside to dress in several warm layers to stop heat escaping and try to ward off hypothermia . Kiev marked its 24th consecutive day of below-freezing temperatures Wednesday , with a low of minus 18 Celsius  minus 0.4 Fahrenheit  , CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said . It could normally expect a high of minus 2 degrees Celsius at this time of year . And there is little respite in prospect for those suffering in the unusual cold . Another surge of frigid air is pushing westward out of Russia into the rest of Europe for the end of the week , with Central and Eastern Europe catching the brunt of the coldest air , Miller said . Temperatures in some of the hardest hit countries , such as Ukraine , Romania , Hungary and Serbia , will once again drop below average by as much as 15 to 20 degrees Celsius  25 to 35 degrees Fahrenheit  . Warsaw , in Poland , which would normally expect a high of 2 degrees Celsius  36 degrees Fahrenheit  , has now spent 15 days below freezing , while Sarajevo in Bosnia-Herzegovina has spent 14 days in subzero temperatures , well below the average for this time of year of 5 degrees Celsius  41 degrees Fahrenheit . Temperatures are likely to remain below average well into next week , at the least , with no significant warming likely until late February , Miller said . Parts of the Danube River , one of the most important rivers in Europe for commerce , have nearly frozen over for the first time in 25 years , showing not only the intensity of this cold snap , but also its longevity . The sustained cold spell is also putting a strain on power providers across the region and has raised questions over Europe 's reliance on Russia for gas , as supplies sent via Ukraine have dipped below the expected levels . Ukrainian Energy Minister Yuri Boyko said electricity consumption in the country is historically high . But in an interview with CNN , he rejected suggestions that Ukraine has been siphoning off gas as it transits from Russia to Europe . Boyko said the main reason for the 30 % drop in gas reaching Europe was the extremely cold weather in Russia , which meant a smaller than usual amount of gas entered Ukraine . Instead of Ukraine receiving the expected 500 million cubic meters per day , only 400 million cubic meters came to its western border , he said . Gazprom , Russia 's gas monopoly , has denied sending lower volumes of gas to Europe . But Boyko said he believes the real answer is that given by the deputy chairman of Gazprom , whom he quoted as saying the company was not ready to send additional supplies to Europe during the cold spell . At least 250 people have died across the region during the cold snap . In Romania , where at least 39 people have died because of the weather , snow blown by icy winds on the shores of the Black Sea has disrupted road and rail travel and cut power to 35 settlements in southeast Constanta county , state news agency Agerpres reported Wednesday . Water supplies were also cut to 16 of those settlements . Meanwhile , holiday villas , beaches and resort buildings have been flooded by waves up to 5 meters  16 feet  high swept in from the Black Sea by the winter storms , the news agency said . Video shot by CNNi Reporter Angela Leeb in Constanta on Wednesday showed a fierce snowstorm howling outside her home . It 's "  still very windy and cold but not snowing , " she said . A yacht rides loose on the shore , torn from its moorings by a bad storm last week , she said . As the week started , all "  national roads , " or two-lane highways , in seven counties in the country 's south and east were blocked by snow , Agerpres reported . More than 50 people , most of them homeless , have died in Poland in the past several weeks , according to Polish TVN . At least 64 people have died because of the cold in Russia , the government in Moscow said . In Hungary , the Red Cross has helped more than 4,000 people this week through 15 homeless centers and door-to-door services in rural settlements . Twelve deaths have been reported there during the cold snap , the Red Cross said in a release . Snow has also fallen as far west as Spain . Snowfall in Europe 's southeast , close to the Mediterranean Sea , has cut off roads and isolated areas from access to supplies . Southeastern Europe will see more heavy snow , while the northeast is predicted to shiver under temperatures much lower than its winter averages , meteorologists said . The German capital , Berlin , has spent nearly two weeks below freezing , whereas it would normally average 4 degrees Celsius  39 degrees Fahrenheit  . In Berlin , CNN iReporter Meghan Nevill said it is too cold to stay outside for longer than 10 minutes . Water at a dam in the city , the Muggelseedamm , has frozen solid , she said . Britain 's Met Office is warning of wintry weather over the next few days , with freezing rain and ice expected Wednesday night across northern England and parts of Scotland . London and portions of eastern England will see some significant snow accumulations by Friday , with up to 10 centimeters  4 inches  in the hardest hit areas and 2 to 4 centimeters possible in the London area , forecasters said . Temperatures in Paris have been below freezing for a week .	Some victims are alcoholics , others mistakenly drink to keep warm , a doctor in Kiev says Alcohol causes blood vessels to dilate , so body heat is lost rapidly , an expert says Ukraine 's emergencies minister says 9 out of 10 of the deaths from cold have been alcohol-related Temperatures throughout Europe are significantly lower than average for winter
CNN  -- It has been a watershed moment for Australian cricket . The sport-crazy country 's national team has been humiliated during the Ashes series against an England side they would once routinely embarrass . Australia 's crushing innings and 157-run defeat in Melbourne marks the end of a golden period where the team had dominated the game for the best part of a decade . The result means that England , the holders , take an unassailable 2-1 lead into the fifth and final Test next week and will retain the Ashes even if Australia salvage some pride with a victory in Sydney to square the series . Will Australia 's one-day cricket reign end in 2011 ? Yet every cloud has a silver lining . On one hand , the hosts will have to make do without captain Ricky Ponting , still regarded as one of the finest batsmen of the modern game , who has been ruled out due to a troublesome fractured finger . But his absence could mark a wholly different watershed : his replacement , 24-year-old Usman Khawaja , is set to become the first Muslim to play for the Australian national cricket team . "  It 's been a childhood dream for me , " Khawaja , who was born in Pakistan before moving to Australia as a young boy , told the Cricinfo website . "  Ever since I can remember I wanted to play for Australia . " Khawaja has been waiting in the wings throughout the series , and has been in sparkling form in Australia 's domestic Sheffield Shield , boasting the highest average in the competition , close to 75 . The same ca n't be said for Ponting . A horrendous run of form with the bat , combined with his team 's largely abject displays throughout the series , has seen the 36-year-old receive a mauling from the Australian media . England retain cricket 's Ashes with innings victory in Melbourne But the promotion of Khawaja to the first team has come at a time when Australian cricket needs a good news story , and at a time when the country 's attitudes to immigration and multiculturalism have been put under the spotlight by recent tragedy . As many as 50 Iraqi and Iranian Kurdish immigrants died when their boat sunk off the coast of Christmas Island last month , an Australian territory that holds thousands of failed asylum seekers in detention camps to prevent them entering the mainland . An Amnesty International report on the conditions at the island condemned "  the sheer number of individuals who had clearly been suffering both physically and psychologically from the conditions of prolonged detention . Many had been detained for over a year , and incidents of self-harm and suicide attempts were visibly on the rise . " And while a survey by Australian TV network SBS in the aftermath of the tragedy found that 62 % of those questioned agreed that Australia should be a multicultural society a minority , only 48 % , "  believe migrants should be able to maintain their culture without prejudice or disadvantage . " But for some , the emergence of Khawaja can have a far wider impact than leveling what has been a disastrous Ashes series for Australia . " Obviously it will have a positive impact ; It 's good for the -LSB- Muslim -RSB- community , " Tariq Khawaja , Usman 's father , told the Sydney Morning Herald . " It shows that it 's a fair system and whoever puts in effort can achieve anything in this country . Not only Muslims , any religion . "  As a youngster , if you have passion and if you have dreams , you can make it work . "	Ricky Ponting injured for the fifth and final Ashes test against England Usman Khawaja will replace him Khwaja will become the first Muslim to play cricket for Australia England lead the series 2-1 , and have retained their titled
CNN  About 300 migrants are feared dead after their boats sank in the Mediterranean Sea , the U.N. refugee agency said Wednesday . The incident is just the latest in a long series of disasters involving migrants risking dangerous journeys to seek a better life . The migrants left Libya on Saturday in rubber boats , the International Organization for Migration said . Some may have died without entering the water . Initial reports suggest 29 people died Sunday on one boat , mainly from hypothermia , said Andrej Mahecic , spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . More than 110 survivors arrived on the Italian Island of Lampedusa after being rescued by the Italian coast guard and a merchant vessel , he said . "  They confirmed to UNHCR that they had left on Saturday from Libya on rubber dinghies and had been at sea for days , without food and water , " Mahecic said . Only two out of 107 passengers survived on one boat , and seven out of 109 people survived on another dinghy , the U.N. agency said . The Italian Coast Guard is continuing to search for a fourth dinghy , but rough sea conditions are hampering efforts . "  This is a tragedy on an enormous scale and a stark reminder that more lives could be lost if those seeking safety are left at the mercy of the sea , " said Vincent Cochetel , UNHCR Europe bureau director . Worldwide , more than 40,000 migrants have died in their journeys since 2000 , the International Organization for Migration said in September . Over half of them were trying to get to Europe . About 6,000 deaths occurred along the U.S.-Mexico border . And the situation is getting worse in Europe . Italy has recorded at least 50 migrant deaths this year , compared with 12 by this point last year , UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards told journalists in Geneva , Switzerland . The migrants ' primary country of origin ? Syria , where millions have tried to flee the country 's four-year civil war . Syrians accounted for 22 % of the migrants arriving in Italy in January , Edwards said . Many of the maritime tragedies involve human traffickers transporting migrants in overcrowded , unseaworthy boats . "  Limited opportunities for safe and regular migration drive would-be migrants into the hands of smugglers , feeding an unscrupulous trade that threatens the lives of desperate people , " IOM research chief Frank Laczko said last year . "  Undocumented migrants are not criminals . They are human beings in need of protection and assistance , and deserving respect . " Desperation , dire conditions for migrants fleeing to Europe CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Nana Karikari-apau and Alex Felton contributed to this report .	About 300 migrants left Libya on Saturday in two rubber boats Historically , many migrants have been trafficked on overcrowded , inadequate boats
Sandra Bullock is one of the highest-profile actresses in Hollywood and also one of the world 's most photographed moms . It 's hard to pick up a tabloid that does n't feature a photo of the Oscar-winner with her adopted 3-year-old son , Louis Bardot . And now Bullock is speaking out in support of a new law that increases penalties for paparazzi harassing the children of celebrities . "  We are fair game , I get it , " Bullock told CNN at her handprint and footprint ceremony outside the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood on Wednesday . "  Children should be allowed to be children and not be sold . You 're taking a picture of a child and selling it ! " California Gov. Jerry Brown on Tuesday signed the bill , which increases the penalties for intentional harassment of a child because of their parents ' employment . The effort gained momentum after actresses Halle Berry and Jennifer Garner testified before the California Assembly Judiciary Committee in August to support the bill . The pair opened up about the hellish conditions faced by their children as a result of aggressive paparazzi . Nicole Kidman knocked down by photog Bullock commends the two on their fight . "  I think it 's brilliant , " she explains . "  The girls worked so hard , the attorney worked so hard , and I think it 's a good sign . " According to a release from the governor 's office , the new law "  increases the maximum jail time for harassment of a child or ward because of the person 's employment from six months in the county jail to a year in the county jail . " It also imposes increasingly stiff fines : For a first violation , a fine not to exceed $ 10,000 . For a second violation , it 's $ 20,000 . For a third violation , it 's $ 30,000 . The "  Gravity " star made a rare choice to bring young Louis with her to a media event , a decision Bullock is quick to defend . "  Today , I brought him out because this was a family day . It was the one exception that I make . " "  And this way , " she continued , "  when he 's 16 and he hates me , I can take him to this moment and say , ` Look , people said really nice things about your mother ... ' " The current Vogue magazine cover star reveals her son becomes fearful for his own safety and that of his mom when going out . "  When you go to school , or you 're at an airport , the reason he does n't like this is because he 's used to people running at him , and he thinks they 're going to hurt mom or hurt him . " Bullock is thankful for the law and what it will mean as a mother and one of the Hollywood 's biggest stars . "  This 'll be great . This will allow children to be children . ... I 'm so grateful . "	Bullock supports new law that increase penalties for paparazzi harassing children California Gov. Jerry Brown signed the bill into law on Tuesday Bullock immortalized her hand and footprints in Hollywood She defends decision to bring her son Louis Bardot to media event
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A South African pensioner has died while waiting in a queue to buy tickets for the soccer World Cup , with people lining up for 20 hours in some cases and system problems causing further delays . Cape Town police spokesperson Ezra October confirmed to CNN that 64-year-old Ralph van Heerden collapsed and died while waiting to purchase 11 World Cup tickets on Thursday morning . He was certified dead by paramedics when they arrived on the scene at around 7:15 a.m. local time  0515 GMT  . It is believed that he had a heart problem . According to police , paramedics tried to resuscitate him but failed . The man had waiting in line for five hours and was number 565 in the queue . ireport : Send us your pictures and videos of buying your ticket South Africans across the country have been queuing since Wednesday afternoon in a last-minute bid to be part of the first football World Cup on the continent , with 500,000 tickets still available . Are you going to the World Cup ? Click here to become a CNN Super Fan . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse was in a queue outside the Sandown ticketing center in Johannesburg , one of 11 across the country . She said the first person in line there had been waiting for 20 hours -- and then he had to wait an extra hour due to problems with the ticket machines . "  I talked to a member of the local organizing committee and he said the system had crashed . The tickets could n't be printed , " Mabuse said . The tickets will be available only to South Africans until 1600 GMT , and from then overseas people will also be able to purchase them through the Web site of soccer 's governing body FIFA . FIFA said 1,610 tickets were sold to 310 customers nationally at the ticketing center within the first hour on Thursday morning , with 2,166 tickets bought by 470 fans at branches of the First National Bank . "  There was a massive demand for tickets this morning , which we are delighted with . We experienced some delays in issuing tickets at the outset , but we have been working on improving the response time of the system , " said James Byrom of FIFA 's official ticketing service provider MATCH . Mabuse said it is likely there will be empty seats at some of the tournament 's group-stage games , especially outside the main cities , despite South Africans being offered tickets at a discounted rate of $ 18 . "  It is going to be very difficult to sell them all -- only 220,000 were sold at the last phase , " she said . Many of the 500,000 tickets made available had been returned from overseas affiliates . "  There are fewer foreign fans coming than originally expected . There were 450,000 expected but it will be nowhere that , people have been saying it 'll be more like 300-350 ,000 . " Another problem for local organizers is that South Africans are used to buying tickets on the day of events . Tickets had previously been only available via the Internet and one South African bank , but organizers have been forced to allow supermarkets to become outlets as well as the 11 official sales centers . "  It has been very difficult for South Africans to get tickets , " Mabuse said . "  The majority of people here are poor and they ca n't afford to buy tickets . And only 10 percent of the population have access to the Internet . " FIFA gave away many tickets at the Confederations Cup in South Africa last year to avoid the prospect of empty stadiums , but Mabuse said that was unlikely to be repeated at the World Cup . "  I asked FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke and he said that was not going to happen again -- they would rather have some empty seats than give tickets away , " she said .	A 64-year-old man dies while waiting to buy tickets for the soccer World Cup in South Africa Cape Town police say the pensioner had been number 555 in the queue South Africans had waited up to 20 hours as 500,000 tickets were made available Problems with ticketing machines had caused further delays at some centers , FIFA said
The Philippines said Thursday that it had pulled its largest naval vessel away from a remote lagoon in the South China Sea where it was engaged in an uneasy standoff with two Chinese maritime surveillance ships . But the tense situation is not yet resolved , as a Philippine coast guard boat remains at the scene , and a third Chinese ship has arrived , said Raul Hernandez , a spokesman for the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs . The Philippine naval vessel -- the BRP Gregorio del Pilar , a 378-foot cutter -- has moved away from the lagoon for "  reprovisioning " and a decision has not yet been announced on whether it will return , Hernandez said . He said negotiations were continuing with the Chinese in the hope of finding a "  diplomatic solution " to the impasse at Scarborough Shoal , which both countries claim is "  an integral part " of their territory . Scarborough Shoal is about 200 kilometers west of the Philippine mainland . "  For now , the ball is on the side of the Chinese , " Hernandez said . The Philippines sent the Gregorio del Pilar to the area of Scarborough Shoal on Sunday after surveillance aircraft spotted eight Chinese fishing boats anchored inside the lagoon . A boarding team from the Gregorio del Pilar went to inspect the Chinese fishing boats Tuesday morning and found "  large amounts of illegally collected corals , giant clams and live sharks " inside one of the boats , according to the Philippine government . Later Tuesday , the Gregorio del Pilar reported that the two Chinese surveillance ships had arrived and taken up a position at the mouth of the lagoon , blocking the way to the fishing boats and "  preventing the arrest " of the fishermen . The Philippines said Thursday that it had sent the coast guard vessel to support the Gregorio del Pilar . It also reported the arrival of the third Chinese vessel , which it said was from China 's Bureau of Fisheries . The Chinese Embassy in Manila has complained to the Philippine authorities about "  the harassment of Chinese fishermen , " China 's official news agency , Xinhua , reported Wednesday . China has "  urged the Philippine side to stop immediately their illegal activities and leave the area , " Xinhua reported , saying that the fishermen were taking shelter in the lagoon "  due to harsh weather conditions . " The embassy is "  engaged in discussions with the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs to seek a solution " and maintain peace and stability in the South China Sea , Xinhua said . The South China Sea -- a 1.3 million square mile patch of the Pacific Ocean bracketed by China and several Southeast Asian nations -- is dotted with hundreds of largely uninhabited islands and coral atolls that are home to some of the world 's most diverse marine life . Also under its waves lie potentially huge reserves of natural gas and oil . That prospect has peppered the sea with competing claims from China , Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan . It has also resulted in frequent small-scale clashes . Last year , a spate of incidents took place between Chinese and Vietnamese vessels .	The Philippines and China are locked in an impasse at a lagoon in the South China Sea Both countries claim the area is "  an integral part " of their territory Manila has sent a coast guard boat and pulled back a naval vessel from the scene A third official Chinese ship has reportedly arrived at the lagoon
Two news organizations ' stories about National Security Agency surveillance , based upon documents leaked by Edward Snowden , have been awarded the Pulitzer Prize for public service , often described as the highest prize in American journalism . The Washington Post and United States arm of The Guardian each received the prize on Monday . The Pulitzers are administered by Columbia University . More than a dozen prizes were announced on Monday , but the recognition of the NSA reporting was most significant because of the questions raised by Snowden 's leaks and the reaction to them . The Pulitzer board 's decision is bound to be controversial ; then again , snubbing the NSA coverage would have been controversial , too . Snowden , who has been living in Russia while seeking asylum from U.S. prosecution , said in a statement that the Pulitzer board 's recognition of the coverage was "  vindication for everyone who believes that the public has a role in government . " "  We owe it to the efforts of the brave reporters and their colleagues who kept working in the face of extraordinary intimidation , including the forced destruction of journalistic materials , the inappropriate use of terrorism laws , and so many other means of pressure to get them to stop what the world now recognizes was work of vital public importance . " While Snowden provided a trove of documents , reporters including Glenn Greenwald , working for the Guardian ; Barton Gellman , working for The Post ; and Laura Poitras , who worked with both , pored over the raw information , decided with their editors what parts were ethical to publish , and turned the information into stories that stunned readers around the world . On Monday the staffs of The Guardian and The Post celebrated the prize , ten full months after the first NSA stories were published . "  We 're extremely proud and gratified to have been honoured by the Pulitzer board , " Janine Gibson , editor-in-chief of Guardian US , said in a statement published on the British-based news organization 's website . "  It 's been an intense , exhaustive and sometimes chilling year working on this story and we 're grateful for the acknowledgment by our peers that the revelations made by Edward Snowden and the work by the journalists involved represent a high achievement in public service , " Gibson added . Marty Baron , editor of The Washington Post , told his newsroom that without Snowden , "  There would have been no public debate about the proper balance between privacy and national security . As even the President has acknowledged this is a conversation we need to have . " Other Pulitzer Prize winners included the staff of the Boston Globe , for breaking news reporting in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings ; Chris Hamby of the Center for Public Integrity for investigative reporting ; Eli Saslow of The Washington Post for explanatory reporting ; and two New York Times photographers , Tyler Hicks and Josh Haner .	The Pulitzer Prize for public service is among journalism 's highest awards Coverage of NSA surveillance , based on leaks by Edward Snowden , won this year The Washington Post and Guardian US each took the award The Boston Globe won in breaking news for reporting on the Boston Marathon bombing
CNN  -- Before the world reaches a conclusion as to the outcome of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , it 's important to understand that the details are far too limited for drawing a parallel to Malaysia Flight 370 . Implying that the airplane disappeared suggests it vanished into thin air . At this point , the Airbus A-320 has simply not been found , but the search is in its infancy compared with the months of searching since Malaysia Airline 's Boeing 777 went missing in March . A crucial difference in the Flight 8501 event is that the airplane had been in constant radar contact , at least from the information provided thus far . Radar data from air traffic control can provide tracking data that will indicate the flight path , altitude and direction the A320-200 followed . This will assist in more accurately defining the search area . With Malaysia 370 , radar data was sketchy ; satellite data has been the primary source in determining the track and thus the search area . Although it appears AirAsia 8501 flew through a large area of convective weather , this fact might have been a contributing cause and not the only cause of the event . No matter how obvious it might appear , airplane incidents and accidents generally involve more than one factor . Any good accident investigator will tell you that it is important not to focus on one theory until all the facts have been ascertained . So what could have occurred ? No doubt , the crew was attempting to circumnavigate thunderstorm cells through the use of sophisticated on-board weather radar . On occasion , deviating around storm activity becomes a matter of determining the path that has a lower probability of turbulence encounters . Airline pilots always attempt complete avoidance , steering a wide berth around thunderstorms . Unfortunately , route restrictions , other aircraft traffic and altitude constraints sometimes prevent our flights from deviating as far as we 'd like . This is n't to say we jeopardize safety , only that we might not be able to provide the most comfortable conditions for flying . Experience dictates much of the decision process that airline pilots use to deviate around convective weather . Operation of the radar itself can be an art with respect to adjusting the tilt angle and intensity the antenna reflects on the display screen . Although airliners are structurally designed to withstand turbulence , intentional flight into a thunderstorm is never an option . And let 's not be misled by the reported request of Flight 8501 asking air traffic control for a higher altitude . This request may not have been an indication of a problem . Oftentimes , a request for a higher altitude is to provide a smoother ride . Yes , it is possible to "  top " a thunderstorm cell , but most airline pilots attempt to turn away from the weather because turbulence can still be encountered above a building storm cell . But there may be other contributing factors to the possible loss of AirAsia Flight 8501 . Investigators will want to know whether the pitot tubes that provide airspeed data to the cockpit computer systems froze as a result of a heater failure , similar to the circumstances with Air France Flight 447 . Erroneous airspeed data would send confusing information to the instrument panel displays . Because of the confusing information , pilots would have difficulty reacting . It is also possible that the airplane flew through heavy precipitation , flaming out both engines . Although the A320 is designed to continue flying without engine power , being able to control it at high altitude would be a challenge , especially in turbulent conditions . If the airplane flew to the limits of its capabilities in regard to altitude , the difference between maximum airspeed and its lowest airspeed would have been a very small margin . Perhaps a high altitude stall occurred and the airplane never recovered . Regardless of any speculation , it is much too early for theories . For the moment , I am keeping my fingers crossed that a search and rescue operation will find survivors . Bigger miracles have occurred .	Les Abend : It 's premature to compare missing AirAsia plane wto MH370 Search for AirAisa plane has just begun ; it 's been nine months since MH370 disappeared He says it 's far too early to draw any conclusions
It 's been eight years since a black exotic dancer in Durham , North Carolina , accused three white Duke University lacrosse players of rape , sexual assault and kidnapping at a party . Whether you believe justice was adequately served -- without a trial , the North Carolina attorney general unilaterally declared the indicted players innocent -- one fact remains indisputable : A whole lot of underage drinking of beer and Jack Daniels was going on throughout much of that March day , badly impairing the judgment of the more than 40 man-boys in attendance . According to a June 2006 study by Aaron White , then an assistant professor at the Duke University Medical Center , about 40 % of college freshmen admitted they engaged in binge drinking : five or more drinks on one occasion . Some 20 % of college freshmen admitted they drank even more : between 10 and 15 drinks per drinking session . "  College students drink at levels far higher than we expected , " White wrote in the report . "  We found that roughly 20 % of all freshmen males had 10 or more drinks at least once during the two-week period  of the study .  This is twice the binge threshold . " He found that "  highly excessive drinking " is more common on American college campuses than in other countries , although in Denmark , Great Britain , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa and Russia there are also high rates of drinking on college campuses . College and university presidents generally agree that binge and underage drinking are the single greatest problems facing their schools , in large part because of all the bad behavior -- including rape -- that results from excessive and acute drinking on campus . Not surprisingly , Duke students are hardly immune to the epidemic of excessive drinking . In its own 2000 study about alcohol abuse among its students , Duke found that 41 % said they engaged in binge drinking . In the first two months of the 2000 school year -- Duke 's 75th anniversary -- 18 students were admitted to the emergency room with alcohol-related problems , 13 of whom were freshmen . Despite the drinking age of 21 , about 74 % of drinking violations at Duke in 1999 were committed by freshmen . James Clack , a student affairs administrator , wrote a message to incoming freshmen in August 2000 telling them not to be pressured "  to become a dangerous drinker . ... If you want to major in alcohol , please go elsewhere . " Clack 's admonition fell , and continues to fall , on deaf ears . Not only did excessive drinking lead to the lacrosse players ' decision to hire , at a cost of $ 400 each , the two strippers in the first place -- apparently not uncommon at Duke fraternity and sorority parties -- but it also led to the boys ' taunting of the women with a broomstick , to their unsavory public humiliation of the two dancers as the sexual fervor in the living room ratcheted up and to their hurling of ugly racial epithets at them after they abruptly left the off-campus house . Whether it also led the three indicted players to rape Crystal Mangum , as she said happened in one of the bathrooms , will never be known . But while the debate about that continues , the open question remains of how much longer we as a nation are going to continue to tolerate underage drinking on college campuses . The drinking age of 21 is a national joke . Every college campus in the country is filled with students who violate the drinking law every week , if not every day , while university administrators turn a mostly blind eye . Some matriculating freshmen know intuitively that soon after the acceptance letter arrives , the next task is to obtain -- usually for around $ 100 or so -- a spiffy fake identification card that will convince inquiring minds that its holder can drink legally . And the IDs are pretty darn convincing . But it 's all a farce , and does nobody any favors . For any semblance of hope that binge drinking , and its attendant bad behavior , can be curtailed on college campuses , Congress must act sooner rather than later to lower the drinking age to 19 years old . That seems to me , as the father of two underage college students , the right age for drinking to be legal . By then , when most students are sophomores , one year of college will be in the bag , with the awkward but necessary social adjustments mostly accomplished . Instead of students continuously lusting after the forbidden fruit of alcohol and sneaking around furtively with bottles of vodka and rum and then quickly guzzling them in an effort to get limbered up to be able to "  hook up " with one 's peers , perhaps a more , shall we say , refined and responsible approach to alcohol can prevail on campus . A drinking age of 19 would also mean that easily three-quarters of the students on a college campus would no longer be violating the law by either drinking on campus or in unsupervised homes off-campus . The crimes allegedly committed by the three Duke lacrosse players happened in a house off Duke 's East Campus . Needless to say , these off-campus binge parlors are not popular in the neighborhood . Of course , along with a lowering of the drinking age to 19 , a zero tolerance policy must be put in place for anything approaching driving while intoxicated . In Brazil , for instance , it is illegal to drive with even a trace amount of alcohol in the bloodstream ; in the United States , the 0.08 % threshold should be abandoned in favor of zero tolerance . Anyone caught driving with any amount of alcohol in their bloodstream should have his or her driving privileges suspended for at least three years . In October 2005 , Duke President Richard Brodhead gave an interview to the National Public Radio station in Chapel Hill . The night of the March 13 , 2006 , party was still six months in the future . But the residents of the Durham neighborhood where student partying had ratcheted up exponentially over the previous years were already in open revolt . They were sick of underage drinking , the late-night noise , the public urination and the intimidating presence in their midst of large groups of thoroughly inebriated college students . They had asked the Duke administration and the Durham police to begin cracking down on the drunken and lewd behavior . This came up during Brodhead 's interview . One of the original signatories of the Amethyst Initiative -- a group that advocates lowering the drinking age to 18 and encouraging a debate among students , faculty and administrators about the responsible role of alcohol on campus -- Brodhead has long been working to confront head-on the drinking problem on campuses . From his answers on public radio , it was obvious Brodhead knew he was sitting on a powder keg . "  The problem of drinking in college , the problem of rowdiness in college -- this is by no means a Duke problem , " he said . "  It 's a problem that all of us face . " One caller to the show -- Betty , a resident of the Durham neighborhood where the lacrosse team would soon have its fateful party -- asked Brodhead to comment on her perception that the students seemed to be regularly drinking to excess and then causing trouble . Brodhead said "  It 's a challenge for everybody , and we ca n't make the problem go away by wishing it did n't exist . " Continuing to pretend that underage binge drinking on college campuses and the horrific behavior that derives from it does n't exist is not a responsible and mature response to an obvious systemic problem . We ca n't continue to anesthetize ourselves . One possible solution is to lower the drinking age to 19 and to enact a zero tolerance policy for drinking and driving . There are undoubtedly others . Let 's solve this .	William Cohan : Duke lacrosse players were drinking a lot when allegations of rape came up Cohan : More than half of college freshmen binge drink , and can become crude and aggressive Cohan : The drinking age of 21 is a national joke , students on campus violate law every day Cohan : We need drinking age of 19 , no tolerance for drunken driving or binge drinking
CNN  Always wanted to be in the movies ? You may get a chance soon , thanks to the burgeoning world of virtual reality and a film industry keen on exploring it . Major movie studios like Fox Searchlight , the influential Sundance Film Festival and Oculus , Facebook 's $ 2 billion bet on the future of virtual reality , are just some of the players working to make you believe you 're fighting in the Battle of the Five Armies or shooting through space with the Guardians of the Galaxy . From Technicolor to surround sound to 3-D to high projector frame rates , the history of film has been built on technology designed to make audiences feel more a part of the movie they 're watching . In virtual reality , which uses 360-degree computer simulations to create the illusion of reality , some think they 've found the greatest leap yet in that direction . "  The visceral impact of the format is simply too powerful to not to want to touch , " said Shari Frilot , senior programmer at the Sundance Film Festival . Frilot is curator of New Frontier , an initiative at Sundance devoted to supporting filmmakers who are pushing the boundaries of art and technology . Of New Frontier 's 13 installations at next month 's festival , nine will feature virtual reality . They 'll range from "  Kaiju Fury , " a feature that puts the viewer in a city being attacked by monsters , to "  Project Syria , " which will explore the potential for VR in documentary storytelling . "  I think the show this year speaks powerfully to how VR is being embraced by big studios and independent filmmakers and artists alike , " Frilot said . One of those big studios is Fox Searchlight . "  Wild , " starring Reese Witherspoon and in theaters now , has been developed into a three-minute virtual experience in which the viewer joins Witherspoon 's character hiking the Pacific Crest Trail . That demo , developed along with Oculus and Samsung , will be shown this month at both Sundance and the International CES consumer-electronics show in Las Vegas . HBO partnered with Oculus this year on a similar short "  experience " promoting "  Game of Thrones , " in which the viewer is put into the shoes of a Night 's Watch member facing an enemy attack . It 's a new frontier for Oculus , which set out to make its Rift headset a tool for video games . Now , the company seeks to change everything about how we watch movies . "  At some point , VR is going to eliminate the need to go to a physical place and see a big screen , " Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe said . "  It can be even richer than the IMAX experience in a theater , because it can be 360 and all around you . " Of course , that sort of mass-market shift is n't going to happen overnight . For one thing , Oculus and other major virtual-reality players like Sony 's Project Morpheus are n't even on store shelves . Once they are , they 'll have to avoid the curse of other failed "  next big things , " like 3-D televisions . But Frilot , and others like her , say it could happen . "  Only time will tell how consumers will take to wearing goggles to access their visual entertainment , " she said . "  But if adaptation looks anything like the way consumers took to wearing earbuds to listen to music , or Bluetooth devices to communicate on their phones , it becomes clear how very powerful a movement on our media landscape virtual reality can become . "	Virtual reality may be the next big innovation in movies At the Sundance festival , an experimental program is dominated by virtual reality Fox Searchlight is among the major studios giving it a try
CNN  Vice President Joe Biden opened the door Wednesday to a potential presidential primary challenge to former secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary . "  Yes , there is a chance " he would challenge Clinton for the Democratic nomination in 2016 , he said on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " "  But I have n't made my mind up about that . We 've got a lot of work to do between now and then . There 's plenty of time . " Both Clinton and Biden have made no secret of their interest in running in 2016 , but Clinton allies have been building an organization that encompasses many of the key strategists and operatives in the Democratic field , and she holds a significant double-digit lead in every poll of the potential field . Biden does n't always come in second -- that position in Democrats ' hearts is often held by Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , a liberal icon whom many progressives see as their only alternative to Clinton . But Biden said he feels there 's a chance for any candidate to break ahead . "  I think this is wide open on both sides , " he said of the presidential primaries . "  Right now my focus is getting implemented what the president talked about last night : to nail down this recovery and get the middle class back in the game . During a round of interviews following Tuesday night 's State of the Union , Biden continued to talk up his chances , saying on NBC 's "  Today " he feels he 'd "  do a good job " as president . Although by this time in 2007 , Biden had already declared , he said Thursday he does n't need to decide until the summer about another White House run . In the meantime , the vice president has friendly remarks for Clinton -- he called her a "  really competent , capable person and a friend . "	Vice President Joe Biden opened the door to a potential presidential primary challenge to Hillary Clinton "  There is a chance " he 'll challenge her for the Democratic nomination , he said Biden says he has until the summer to decide , and sees the field as "  wide open "
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- One could say she has the determination ... but lacks the drive . Driving agency estimates woman has spent more than $ 2,888 in exam fees . A 68-year-old South Korean woman this week signed up to take her driving test once again -- after failing to earn a license the first 771 times . The woman , identified only as Cha , first took the written portion of the exam in April 2005 , said Choi Young-cheol of the Driver 's License Agency in the southwestern city of Jeonju . At the time , she made her living selling goods door-to-door and figured she would need a car to help her get around , Choi told CNN . She failed the test . She retook the test the next day and failed again . And again . And again . "  You have to get at least 60 points to pass the written part , " said Kim Rahn , who wrote about the unflappable woman in the Korea Times , an English-language daily . "  She usually gets under 50 . " In the beginning , Cha went to the license office almost every day . Now , she no longer works but still turns up once a week , Choi said . The office estimates she has spent more than 4 million won  $ 2,888  in exam fees . Cha 's last failed attempt was Monday . She tries for the 772nd time either Thursday or Friday . -- CNN 's Kathy Paik and Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	68-year-old South Korean woman has signed up to take her 772nd driving test She first took the written portion of the exam in April 2005 License office estimates she has spent $ 2,888 on test applications
CNN  -- Bolton 's first match since the on-pitch collapse of their midfielder Fabrice Muamba last weekend ended with an emotional 2-1 victory over local rivals Blackburn Saturday . Muamba is recovering in a London hospital after the horrific scenes at Tottenham Hotspur in the FA Cup tie at White Hart Lane while his teammates did him proud with a battling victory . A pair of David Wheater goals in the first half set them on their way to three points which lifted them out of the relegation zone . But Steven N'Zonzi pulled one back in the second half and Bolton had to survive some nervous moments before sealing victory . At the end they formed a huddle on the pitch , with fans chanting Muamba 's name in celebration . Before kickoff , there was a minute 's applause for the footballer , who has made a remarkable recovery after his heart stopped for 78 minutes after his collapse last Saturday . Manager Owen Coyle said he was proud of his players after a difficult week . "  In a football context it 's a great end to the week to get three points but the perfect end will be for Fabrice to come out of that hospital better with that big smile of his , " he told Sky Sports . "  Sometimes you are so pumped up to represent Fabrice that it can be a negative energy . "  But once we got the first goal we kicked on . We could have had more goals but we made it nervous , as we always do here . "  Our thoughts are still with him . He 's not only a footballer and a colleague to those players in the dressing room but an outstanding young man . " In the late kickoff , Manchester City went back to the top of the table but were held 1-1 at Stoke . They head Manchester United on goal difference , but the reigning champions can open up a three point lead when they host Fulham at Old Trafford Monday . City were heading for defeat until Yaya Toure equalized with a deflected long-range shot . Former England striker Peter Crouch had put Stoke ahead with a superb volley from outside the penalty area . Wolves stayed rooted to the bottom after losing 2-1 at Norwich , but Wigan improved their chances with a 2-1 victory at slumping Liverpool although they stay in the bottom three . Shaun Maloney put Wigan ahead from the penalty spot only for Luis Suarez to equalize early in the second half . The home side , who were heading for their fifth defeat in six matches , looked the more likely to edge it until defender Gary Caldwell became an unlikely match winner for the visitors with a fine strike just after the hour . But QPR 's hopes of avoiding the drop took a setback as they lost 3-1 at Sunderland after having Djbril Cisse sent off in the second half . Arsenal cruised past Aston Villa 3-0 with goals from Kieran Gibbs , Theo Walcott and Mikel Arteta to cement third spot . They are three points clear of north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur , who held Chelsea 0-0 in the early kickoff at Stamford Bridge to maintain their five-point gap over their rivals for a Champions League spot . Tottenham might have secured the three points , with the better chances in a tense affair with Rafael van der Vaart and Emmanuel Adebayor having efforts cleared with the goal gaping . Gareth Bale also rattled the post while Juan Mata 's free kick which hit the woodwork was the closest fifth-placed Chelsea came to scoring .	Bolton beat Blackburn 2-1 in their first match since Fabrice Muamba 's collapse David Wheater scores two first half goals for Bolton Leaders Manchester City held 1-1 at Stoke Arsenal beat Aston Villa 3-0 to stay in third place
CNN  -- Top diplomats from Ecuador and the United Kingdom failed to reach an agreement Thursday over the case of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , but they agreed to meet again to discuss the issue . "  We still do not see , of course , an immediate solution , but we understand that there is a willingness to discuss the topic . " Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino told reporters after the meeting on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York . Ecuador granted Assange asylum in August , but he faces arrest in Britain if he leaves the South American country 's embassy in London . On Thursday , British Foreign Secretary William Hague told Patino "  that the UK was under an obligation to extradite Mr. Assange to Sweden " and that "  the concept of ` diplomatic asylum , ' while well-established in Latin America , did not feature in UK law , " a spokesman for his office said . For much of 2011 until June , Assange had been under house arrest in Britain while he filed appeals against his extradition from Britain to Sweden . Assange has not been charged with a crime , but Sweden has said it wants to question Assange on allegations that he sexually assaulted a woman there . Assange has denied the sex allegations , describing them as a ruse to get him to Sweden , which would then extradite him to the United States . Several U.S. officials have asserted that Assange violated the law by publishing in 2010 and 2011 a trove of classified war documents and diplomatic cables . Patino called on British authorities to reconsider the case , given Ecuador 's granting of asylum and "  the right to not be extradited when politically motivated causes are involved . " The Ecuadorian Embassy is a sovereign space upon which authorities from other countries can not encroach . But Patino told reporters Thursday that a key concern for Ecuador is that it is currently impossible for Assange "  to enjoy his condition of asylum " while forced to stay inside the embassy . Ecuadorian authorities were also concerned about what would happen if Assange faced a medical emergency inside the embassy , Patino said . "  Both ministers agreed that they were committed to the search for a diplomatic solution to Mr. Assange 's case , " the UK foreign secretary 's spokesman said . The founder of WikiLeaks delivered an impassioned appeal Wednesday for the U.S. government to end its actions against him , his website and those who support it . "  It is time for the United States to cease its persecution of WikiLeaks , to cease its persecution of our people and to cease its persecution of our alleged sources , " Assange , speaking via satellite from London , told a packed conference room at the United Nations , where world leaders were attending the United Nations General Assembly . The event was held by the Mission of Ecuador on U.N. grounds , but was not officially sponsored by the world body . CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Ecuadorian foreign minister : "  We still do not see , of course , an immediate solution " The British foreign secretary says his country is obliged to extradite Assange to Sweden Ecuador 's foreign minister says Assange should not be extradited Both diplomats agree to meet again to discuss the issue
Seattle  CNN  -- Carved out of the wilderness of the Pacific Northwest , Seattle started as an outpost for frontiersmen trying to strike it rich in the Gold Rush . Generations later , industries such as Boeing , Microsoft , Amazon and Starbucks rose up , transforming this frontier town into a cutting edge city and tourist destination . But even in the midst of a modern metropolis you do n't have to go far to find incredible natural beauty . Where can you get the best view of the city ? Skip the Space Needle and its $ 18 ticket price and head to the viewpoint at Kerry Park , where you can enjoy the city 's spectacular scenery free of charge . The park has great views of the needle , the spinning globe on top of the old Seattle Post-Intelligencer newspaper building and ferries busily bringing people across the water to and from downtown . On clear evenings , photographers line up to get a shot of the sun falling on Mount Rainier . It 's stunning . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? Seattle has so much delicious food and so many terrific restaurants that there is no excuse for having a bad meal . My wife , Alex , and I always end up coming back to a tiny place we love called How to Cook a Wolf . The menu is eclectic with simple but fresh pasta dishes and small seafood plates that are meant to be shared . You get the feeling the cooks are serving what they feel like making . We keep coming back and are consistently blown away . What is your favorite neighborhood ? A popular T-shirt I often see around Ballard describes the neighborhood as "  a sleepy drinking village with a condo problem . " While Ballard may have turned trendy , its blue-collar roots have n't altogether disappeared . You can still find salty fishermen occupying well-worn barstools along Ballard Avenue . At night , many of those same bars are filled with people soaking up the neighborhood 's terrific music scene . Ballard 's Sunday market is people-watching central as stands are set up to offer freshly caught salmon , pizza from a wood-burning oven on wheels and even advice , from one guy ready to peddle his . How do tourists stick out , and what 's the best way to blend in ? According to locals , only tourists use umbrellas . During Seattle 's wet and gray winter , it is somewhat surreal to see people out and about jogging and riding their bikes . But as new arrivals quickly find out , if you wait for nice weather , you can wait here for a long time . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? Seattle 's bad weather is so notorious people believe it pours here nonstop . In reality , Seattle rain is more of a constant drizzle . That combined with the painfully short winter days can sometimes be tough to take . I have friends who buy sunlamps and take vitamin D to get through the winters . But the winters are soon forgotten when summer rolls around . A long summer day in Seattle with the backdrop of white mountaintops against the deep blue of the Puget Sound is one of the most beautiful sights in the world . Where do you go to relax ? Just 15 minutes or so from downtown Seattle is Discovery Park , a 534-acre protected oasis of natural beauty . A well-worn path takes you through fern-covered trees to the water , where you might see bald eagles or even whales . That a place so natural and green is able to exist within a city is truly amazing . Do n't miss it . For a weekend trip , there 's no better outing than a visit to the Olympic Peninsula . A short ferry ride will take you over to the peninsula , where snow-capped mountains rise from the Pacific Ocean . There are still plenty of wild places to explore there , including the Hoh Rain Forest , where the thick tree cover can fool you into thinking you 've wandered into Jurassic Park . One summer , my wife and I camped on the Olympic Peninsula 's Rialto Beach . Just as the sun was setting , a fat seal swam out of the ocean right in front of us and looked as if he was about to come over and dry himself off at our camp fire . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? Is there a tourist trap that 's actually worth seeing ? Seattle is rightly famous for its Pike Place Market . In the summer when the cruise boats to Alaska are in full swing , it seems like the market is filled to the point of exploding with camera-toting , fanny pack-wearing out-of-towners . But the 103-year-old market survives not just from the tourists but also because legions of Seattle residents keep coming back for the amazingly fresh seafood and produce . My favorite stop is Pure Food Fish Market , celebrating its 100th year in the market . They may not throw your fish when you buy it , but with scallops the size of your fist , whole salmon and giant lobsters for sale , you 'll hardly be complaining . Where was your most memorable meal ? Just a seaplane or ferry ride away from Seattle are the San Juan Islands , which the U.S. and Canada almost went to war over 150 years ago . The first time I went there , I remember going kayaking and seeing killer whales hunting for salmon just off shore . At one point they swam so near to us , we grabbed onto floating kelp beds to keep out of their way . That night , still buzzed from the excitement of the seeing these amazing creatures up close , we went to Duck Soup Inn in Friday Harbor . The restaurant is tucked back in the woods . The food -- much of it picked or caught on the island -- is delicious . There were smoked oysters and huge panko-crusted calamari . The meal and the entire day were unforgettable . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? I tell any one who comes to visit me in Seattle that the one thing they have to try is the wild salmon that is readily available here . Friends who say they do n't care for the fishy flavor of salmon do not recognize the taste of the fresh fish you eat in Seattle . You can find plenty of salmon on the menu in the city 's fine restaurants , but for me there is no way to better prepare it than on my backyard grill with a little salt and pepper . What is a good local souvenir ? In Seattle , good coffee is abundant . You do n't have to go far to get a cup of it either . In fact , at the drive-through espresso booths , you do n't even need to get out of your car ! But then there are the specialty coffee places where the staff is into coffee in a way that borders on scary : holding coffee tastings , traveling around the world looking for the next java flavor and roasting their beans in store . Victrola Coffee Roasters is one of those places working to elevate coffee-making into an art form . Bring a bag of local coffee back home with you to extend your visit to Seattle just a little longer .	Big industries transformed Seattle into a cutting-edge city and tourist destination The view from Kerry Park is better and cheaper than the Space Needle Seattle 's infamous rain is really more of a constant drizzle Pike Place Market offers amazingly fresh seafood and produce
Critics of President Barack Obama 's foreign policy are getting louder by the day , and that poses risks for Democrats this fall and even in 2016 . According to previews of Hillary Clinton 's memoirs , "  Hard Choices , " the former secretary of state distances herself from Obama on certain decisions , such as on the question of whether to arm Syrian rebels . She wanted to be more aggressive ; he did not . Democrats have grown more nervous about foreign policy as Obama has been working hard to respond to critics who say has n't taken a tough-enough line . The controversy over the deal to secure the release of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl in exchange for five Taliban prisoners has flared into an extraordinarily heated debate . Obama has watched as his approval rating for handling international affairs has fallen to 41 % . Last month , Obama had to stand by as Republicans launched another round of congressional investigations into the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi , Libya . Russia 's aggressive moves into the Ukraine stirred talk of a new Cold War and concern that the President did n't really have a viable response to this kind of aggression . Opinion : Why we leave no man behind More recently , the controversies shifted to the President 's broader vision or lack thereof . Republicans found a lot to dislike in his address at West Point , where Obama indicated that the nation should step back from using military power as freely as it has done in the past . Soon after came the news about the release of Bergdahl , in exchange for the release of five notorious Taliban prisoners . Republicans were quick to accuse the President of negotiating with terrorists . They have also accused him of violating the law by failing to inform Congress of the impending deal . Even though Democrats point to a number of huge accomplishments during the Obama presidency -- the killing of Osama bin Laden , the drawdown of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and diplomatic initiatives to bring nuclear disarmament in Iran without bloodshed -- the critics have upped their volume . All of the recent stories add up to the potential for foreign policy to emerge as a potent issue in the midterm campaigns this fall . Congressional Democrats could suffer as a result of the unhappiness with the administration 's policies . Even though midterm elections generally focus on bread and butter questions about the health of the economy , as well as local concerns , there are times when foreign policy can hurt the party of the president . In 1966 , for instance , Republicans campaigned against Lyndon Johnson 's policies in Vietnam . GOP officials such as former Vice President Richard Nixon said that Johnson was not unleashing enough force against the North Vietnamese Communists and leaving U.S. troops in a quagmire . In 1978 , Republicans railed against President Jimmy Carter for his alleged weakness in foreign policy , claiming that he gave away too much in the Panama Canal Treaties and that he was pursuing a dangerous policy of dtente with the Soviet Union . In 1982 , Democrats , who were generally focused on the recession , also spoke in favor of a nuclear freeze and warned that President Ronald Reagan 's embrace of the military was bringing the nation close to war . More recently , Republicans blasted Democrats in 2002 for being weak on defense after having not supported the administration 's homeland security bill . And in 2006 , Democratic candidates returned the favor by criticizing the president 's war in Iraq as a reckless , unnecessary and extremely costly operation that had actually undermined the war on terrorism . Gingrich : Bergdahl , Boko Haram and Benghazi While foreign policy carried different levels of weight in these midterms , in some of these contests , such as 1966 and 2006 , the administration 's actions overseas dismayed voters . Will foreign policy play a factor in the 2014 midterms ? It is unlikely that it will be a major issue but there are ways it could have an indirect effect on the ballot box and cause trouble for Democrats when Americans turn out to vote . At the most immediate level , the foreign policy controversy has already distracted the news media from other kinds of stories upon which congressional Democrats were hoping to focus . The foreign policy controversy intensified just as there was evidence that the economy was picking up steam and that the Obama 's health care program was gaining strength . Both signs of accomplishment were put on the back burner , overshadowed by the Bergdahl debate . The stories also feed the perception of some voters who feel that Democrats have not done a good job managing government . This is a White House that once prided itself on competence . Obama , a well-educated politician who surrounded himself with bright staff , vowed to avoid the kind of mismanagement that had been on display with Hurricane Katrina during President George W. Bush 's term . But that reputation has slowly been undercut , especially after the botched health care website rollout and the VA scandal . Opinion : Bergdahl deal was an ugly decision but right Some of the coverage of the foreign policy , including recent reports on how the deal with the Taliban was handled , have played into these kinds of criticism . The New York Times published a lengthy piece about the diminishing returns that Obama was able to obtain over the past several years in exchange for the release of the Taliban 5 and evidence of how his team had mishandled the process . The Berghdal deal is also becoming a way to question the veracity of Democratic promises . Members of Congress , in both parties , have alleged that Obama violated the law by ignoring a federal statute that says the president must inform Congress one month before such a deal is completed . They have said he is acting exactly like Bush , whom he had accused of discounting legislative intent through sweeping notions of executive power . The foreign policy debate puts into focus the argument that Obama , as well as the party he leads , lacks a bold vision . This is something that has even frustrated many Democrats who feel that the President is too much of pragmatist and not enough of a visionary . The speech at West Point fell flat for some Americans because it almost seemed focus on excusing what he could n't do rather outlining what he wants to do . During his visit to the Philippines , the President explained his outlook on foreign policy by saying , "  You hit singles , you hit doubles ; every once in a while you may be able to hit a home run . " The debate over foreign policy helps Republicans by riling up the party 's base at an opportune time , five months before the election , while at the same time dispiriting the Democrats . Yes , voters are thinking primarily about how they 're faring in today 's economy , but on the margins , their perception of their local candidate 's views on foreign policy could be a factor in November . Opinion : How big a risk are former Gitmo prisoners ?	Julian Zelizer : Criticism of Obama foreign policy has been on the increase Hillary Clinton 's book mentions her disagreement with Obama on Syrian rebels He says debate over prisoner swap for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl adds to the controversy Zelizer says foreign policy can have effect on midterms , usually dominated by economic issues
Beijing , China  CNN  -- I landed in Beijing on a December afternoon after a conference in Japan . Walking on the air bridge , I looked out of the window and noticed that it was dark . Subconsciously , I looked at my watch , and it was 4:40 pm . Though it was winter and the sun sets early , it was too early to be so dark . It turned out to be another day of heavy smog in Beijing . The moment I drove out of the parking lot , I realized how terrible it was . Visibility was extremely low , as if a dense fog had descended upon the city . The headlights and taillights were hazy , and I could n't see much beyond the highway . I felt that the air I breathed in was heavier , and that something was irritating my eyes . The joy of homecoming was instantly replaced by the sadness of living in a heavily-polluted city . Residents of Beijing and nearby cities seem to have become accustomed to such heavy smog , but those in the Yangtze River Delta to the south have not . So it became national news when , starting from December , Shanghai , Nanjing , and other cities in that region were cloaked in heavy smog for about a week . Schools and highways were closed , and many flights were canceled . In the past , Beijing was called China 's capital of smog . Now China has a smog belt that extends from Beijing all the way to Shanghai . It took a little more than three years to build up the high speed railway that connects Beijing and Shanghai , but it took less than two years for smog to spread from Beijing to Shanghai . At this rate , the nationalization of smog will be accomplished in even less time . This new "  great leap forward " in pollution could be as disastrous as the Great Leap Forward of the 1950s , when a push to industrialize and collectivize caused a famine that reportedly killed millions of people . Smog is a major cause of cardiovascular and respiratory diseases . According to Chen Fengjuan , a doctor at the No. 8 Shanghai People 's Hospital , the number of respiratory patients treated by the hospital in early December increased by 96 % , and medical costs for these patients increased by 195 % , compared with statistics from the same period last year . Though a little bit outdated , a study conducted in 2007 by the World Bank and the Chinese State Environmental Protection Administration reported that 750,000 Chinese people die prematurely every year , mainly due to air pollution in large cities . Thus China may well become sick before it becomes modern . In the 19th century , China 's reputation as the "  sick man of East Asia " stemmed from foreign aggression and internal division . Ironically , in the 21st century , that tag is a product of China 's growing power . For a government that has relied on economic performance as a cornerstone of its legitimacy , it has had few incentives to slow down economic development for the sake of environmental protection . The China model thus boils down to "  development at all costs . " Yet faced with mounting public discontent and anger , the central government has taken some measures to address environmental pollution , such as the "  Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution " released in September last year . To achieve the goals set out in the plan by 2017 , the government needs to invest $ 1.75 trillion , according to one estimate . This is more than twice the amount of the economic stimulus package that the Chinese government launched in 2008 . In defending the government 's GDP-centered growth strategy , some Chinese officials point out Western countries also adopted the model of "  development first , conservation later " in their early stages of modernization . This is true , and Western countries paid a dear price too . In the United States , names such as Donora and Los Angeles still evoke memories of heavy smog and tragic human loss . But one advantage late-developing countries hold is that they can avoid repeating the same mistakes made by early-developing countries . There is no need for millions of Chinese to die prematurely before the Chinese government takes immediate and decisive action to reduce pollution . These days the "  China dream " is a hot topic among Chinese officials and scholars . The Chinese government certainly deserves credit for the dramatic improvement in material welfare of the Chinese people over the past three decades , which is undoubtedly an important component of the China dream . However , it seems that today the biggest dream of the average Chinese is to have more days of fresh air and blue sky . If the Chinese government can not make this come true for the Chinese people , the China dream may well become a China nightmare . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tao Xie .	China 's "  smog belt " is expanding , with disastrous health implications , says Tao Xie China may well become sick before it becomes modern , he says Beijing has taken measures to address pollution but requires more investment The biggest dream of the average Chinese is to have more days of fresh air and blue sky
CNN  -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has struck a deal that ends the leadership fight for the number two slot in the new House minority , multiple senior Democratic sources tell CNN . Under the compromise , current House majority leader Maryland Rep. Steny Hoyer will become the Democratic whip , which will be the number two spot in the new Democratic minority . South Carolina Rep. James Clyburn agreed to end his bid for that spot and instead hold a new , third-ranking leadership post that will be created for him . In a letter to Democratic colleagues on Saturday , Pelosi said she plans to designate him "  Assistant Leader . " In a statement Saturday , Clyburn -- an African-American -- said it was important that the party 's House leadership represented "  the diverse views , backgrounds and experiences of our membership . " The new structure , he said , "  honors the diversity and fosters the unity " of House Democrats . "  I believe this resolution allows us to begin the journey back to a stronger and more resilient majority , " said Clyburn , the current majority whip and a congressman since 1993 . When the Democrats become the minority party in the House they lose the position of Speaker , a shift that left Hoyer and Clyburn jockeying for the House minority whip position . Hoyer also released a statement Saturday , saying he would look forward to serving as the Democratic whip . "  Since the election last week , I have made clear my belief that it was important for my friend Jim Clyburn to continue serving our Caucus as the third ranking member of our Leadership , " he said . The deal allows Rep. John Larson of Connecticut to keep his post as Democratic caucus chairman and Rep. Xavier Becerra to remain as the vice chair of the Democratic caucus . Speaker Pelosi revealed the deal in a somewhat cryptic statement late Friday night . "  Should I receive the honor of serving as House Democratic Leader , I will nominate Congressman Jim Clyburn of South Carolina to the number three leadership position , " Pelosi said .	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has forged a deal over the party 's leadership structure Rep. Steny Hoyer will become the Democratic whip , Rep. Jim Clyburn will be Assistant Leader The "  Assistant Leader " position is a new , third-ranking leadership post Clyburn supports the deal , saying it "  honors the diversity " of Democrats in the House
The United Kingdom took a step Friday toward being the first country in the world to allow a pioneering in vitro fertilization technique using DNA from three people that could prevent mitochondrial diseases but that also raises significant ethical issues . One in 6,500 babies in the United Kingdom is born with mitochondrial disorder , which can lead to serious health issues such as heart and liver disease , respiratory problems and muscular dystrophy . Problems with mitochondria , the "  powerhouse " cells of the body , are inherited from the mother , so the proposed IVF treatment would mean an affected woman could have a baby without passing on mitochondrial disease . But the cutting-edge IVF technique , which involves transferring nuclear genetic material from a mother 's egg or embryo into a donor egg or embryo that 's had its nuclear DNA removed , raises ethical questions . The new embryo will contain nuclear DNA from the intended father and mother , as well as healthy mitochondrial DNA from the donor embryo -- effectively creating a "  three-parent " baby . The amount of donor DNA in the mitochondria will , however , be much less than the parental DNA in the nucleus , which determines the baby 's characteristics . IVF-related birth defects may originate with moms , not treatment The UK government plans to consult on draft regulations on the fertility treatment later this year , with the intention of putting the measure before parliament next year . At the moment , only unaltered eggs and embryos can be used for in vitro fertilization . "  Mitochondrial disease , including heart disease , liver disease , loss of muscle coordination and other serious conditions like muscular dystrophy , can have a devastating impact on the people who inherit it , " said the UK 's chief medical officer , professor Dame Sally Davies . Since scientists have developed "  ground-breaking new procedures " that could prevent these diseases being passed on , Davies said , "  it 's only right that we look to introduce this life-saving treatment as soon as we can . " The government says public consultation shows there is "  overall support " for the treatment . But Dr. David King , director of Human Genetic Alert , a London-based watchdog group , opposed use of the technique Friday -- saying it opened the door to the creation of "  designer babies " -- and disputed the results of the public consultation , saying not enough weight has been given to online polling . "  These techniques are unnecessary and unsafe and were in fact rejected by the majority of consultation responses , " he said in a statement . "  It is a disaster that the decision to cross the line that will eventually lead to a eugenic designer baby market should be taken on the basis of an utterly biased and inadequate consultation . " King told CNN that conventional egg donation already allows a mother to bear a child without passing on a mitochondrial disorder , so the benefit of the new technique would only be to allow the baby to be genetically related to her . "  While I can understand that , that 's not a medical benefit to anybody -- and you have to weigh it against the risks of invasive techniques that will clearly carry a risk to the child , " he said . Could ` personhood ' bills outlaw IVF ? There 's also a "  risk to society at large , " he said , because once the ethical line over modification of human DNA has been crossed , the door will be opened to "  the next step and the next step after that . " "  That 's why governments around the world over the last 20 years have said ` we wo n't allow you to genetically engineer human beings , ' " he said . Even if approved by lawmakers , more research is needed to ensure that the procedure actually works in humans and can be carried out safely , King said . The government 's announcement Friday prompted a slew of UK media headlines -- and will probably continue to divide the scientific community . The UK-based Nuffield Council on Bioethics , which carried out a six-month inquiry into the ethical issues around the technique , concluded that the health and social benefits of living free from mitochondrial disorders meant that "  on balance ... if these novel techniques are adequately proven to be acceptably safe and effective as treatments , it would be ethical for families to use them . " Its working group also concluded that "  mitochondrial donation does not indicate , either biologically or legally , any notion of the child having either a ` third parent , ' or ` second mother . ' " But University of Notre Dame law professor O. Carter Snead , a bioethicist who specializes in the governance of science , medicine and biotechnology , urged the United Kingdom to "  proceed slowly and cautiously " given the "  unresolved safety and ethical questions " around the new technique . "  Little is known about the short - and long-term genetic effects of this procedure on children born with its aid , " he said . "  It would be an ironic tragedy if this procedure were rushed from bench to bedside , only to harm the very children it was meant to help . "  Moreover , there remain serious questions about the ethics of conceiving children with three genetic progenitors or ` parents . ' " IVF ` co-pioneer ' Robert Edwards dead at 87	"  Little is known about the short - and long-term genetic effects , " says a U.S. bioethicist Government takes a step toward allowing an IVF technique involving DNA from 3 people It is intended to prevent mitochondrial disorders being passed on from mother to child Mitochondria are "  powerhouse " cells of the body ; defects can cause serious health issues
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British new wave ska legends The Specials rounded off the Brixton leg of their 30th anniversary tour with an electric performance that threatened to bring the crumbling south London venue crashing to the ground . The frenzied crowd at London 's Brixton Academy The six-piece 2-tone outfit originally from the English Midlands played a total of five dates at what is now the O2 Academy , such was the phenomenal demand for tickets . It 's no surprise really . From the rarefied perspective of the VIP bar , the sea of bobbing heads and mobile phone displays  which seem to have replaced cigarette lighters  created a fantastic spectacle . But down among the rude boys and rude girls the carnival atmosphere seemed to ratchet up a notch with each song . Balding , sweaty 40-something men in Fred Perry polo shirts were transported back to the late 1970s as they bounced around unselfconsciously , while post-Margaret Thatcher indie kids sloshed their pints in the air and enjoyed this unique experience for the first time . No one was standing with their arms folded here . Despite songwriter Jerry Dammers ' continued absence and Lynval Golding 's lost voice , the band was as tight as it ever was , both musically and personally . As soon as the curtain rose the band wasted little time plugging into the hysteria that greeted them . If "  Do The Dog " appeared to hit the spot , then tracks such as "  Too Much Too Young , " and "  Gangsters " literally had the earth moving in this imposing old theatre . Terry Hall , showing no sign of fatigue after a recent throat infection and the band 's homecoming gig in Coventry the previous night , was in a chirpy mood . The Manchester United fan enjoyed reminding the London audience about his team 's league success that afternoon . Meanwhile , the irrepressible Neville Staple seemed to galvanize the rest of the band with his seemingly limitless energy -- he must have spent the entire gig running on the spot . The dapper singer has aged well and was clearly reveling in the band 's return to the spotlight . Despite only reforming recently , The Specials have rediscovered their mojo . They possess the kind of stage presence reserved for the truly great acts , while their lyrics still resonate today . "  Ghost Town " encapsulated the gritty reality of Britain 's urban landscape in 1981 , and few in the audience would have argued that it remains a relevant portrait in today 's troubled economic times .	The Specials reformed for a 30th anniversary tour The six-piece 2-tone outfit are originally from the English Midlands Songwriter Jerry Dammers chose not to take part in the tour Band played hits including "  Too Much Too Young , " "  Gangsters " and "  Ghost Town "
CNN  -- No one should underestimate the historic importance of the North Korean cyberwar against America and the collapse of American defenses in the Sony Pictures attack . This was not some amusing pop culture event in which a few "  hackers " played games with celebrities . This was not an entertaining series of embarrassing leaks that allowed us to learn how viciously and nastily some senior Hollywood bosses write about famous movie stars in internal emails . This was a deliberate assault on sovereign American soil against an American company , costing it millions of dollars in direct damages and hundreds of millions in reputational damages while blocking most of its employees from using their internal systems to get routine work done . This was a threatened physical assault against moviegoers and movie theaters nationwide if they ignored the cyberattack and dared to laugh at the North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un . Some commentators criticized the movie theaters for their "  cowardice " in not standing up to the threats . Others criticized the rest of the movie industry for not coming to the defense of Sony . Both critiques miss the core reality . Private companies ca n't fight sovereign nations . Private companies can not be asked to risk the lives of their employees and their customers because of an unanswered foreign threat of violence . Defending America against foreign enemies is the duty of the United States government . To "  provide for the common defense " is one of the reasons given in the preamble to the Constitution for forming a government . This attack on American interests began on November 24 when there was a massive hacking assault on Sony . After 24 days of government passivity and ineffectiveness , the theaters caved to the threat of terrorist attacks . Thus with more than three weeks to find and defeat the attackers , the American government proved to be impotent . This attack is pure cyberwarfare . There is a big difference between hacking for intellectual property theft and hacking to coerce a change in behavior . The former is a crime . The second is an act of war . The real danger is that this incident will become a precedent . Other countries and other terrorist groups will conclude that it is open season on American interests and even American lives . American companies will begin  in fact have already begun  self-censoring to avoid offending dictators and terrorists . The enemies of our freedoms will have won . We need three decisive steps to react to this defeat in a cyberwar . First , we have to go on the offense in this campaign and refuse to accept that the fight is over . North Korea must be made to pay an extraordinary price for this attack . One step might be to simply confiscate North Korean ships until the dictatorship pays triple damages to Sony and the theaters for the cost of its attack . What must not happen is for the American people to be told it is too hard or too dangerous to defend America against an out-of-control dictatorship . That could lead to anarchy and chaos , with every predator on the planet feeling they have the right to wage cyberwar against Americans . Second , we should develop an immediate response capability to defend American interests and crush cyberopponents immediately . The time to hit back hardest was November 24 , the day the attack began . We need protocols to enable companies and the federal government to spot an assault , report it and respond to it in virtually real time . This will require the creation of a command center -- comparable to the air traffic control system in its speed of response -- for the government and private companies to cooperate on cyberattacks Third , we must develop vastly better defensive and offensive capabilities . This will require considerable congressional involvement in thinking through the realities of the emerging permanent cyberdangers and the patterns of cyberwar . No one should kid themselves . We have now entered the age of cyberwar and we lost a major round in that war . The longer it takes us to confront this fact and take the necessary corrective actions , the greater our vulnerability to another defeat will be . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich : The attack on Sony was n't an amateur hack , but an act of war He says U.S. needs to do much more to respond when American companies are targeted U.S. needs to retaliate in a significant way , he says
CNN  -- An e-mail from one of the crewmen aboard the Maersk Alabama tells a gripping tale of sailors fighting back against pirates who had taken over their ship . Crewman Matt Fisher hopes other ships can learn lessons from the Maersk Alabama takeover and recapture . It also contains some of the lessons they learned and hope to pass on to others who could face the same danger . Crewman Matt Fisher sent the e-mail to a fellow sailor aboard another Maersk ship . The U.S.-flagged Alabama was already heading to Kenya when he sent it , but it was before the U.S. Navy rescued the cargo ship 's captain , who was held hostage on a lifeboat by the four pirates . "  The pirates got up to the bridge very quickly once they were onboard , " Fisher wrote . "  We had a locked cage door over the ladder well from main deck , but it only took a second for them to shoot it off . They then got to the bridge up the outside ladders . " Fisher said that Capt. Richard Phillips and three other sailors were on the bridge when the pirates arrived , adding that he did n't know why they stayed . See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa " The rest of the crew , Fisher said , headed below and took positions in the engine and steering areas . One sailor kept watch in the engine control room , he said , while another "  was out on deck tracking the pirates ' movement . " "  We kept swinging the rudder side to side , " Fisher wrote . "  The pirates ' boat capsized , though I 'm not sure exactly when or what caused it . After about 20 minutes , the engine was killed , I do n't know by whom . " After the engine was killed , the sailors shut off the power to the ship as well as the fuel line to the ship 's emergency diesel generator . "  I think this was critical , " Fisher wrote . "  The pirates were very reluctant to go into the dark . " Fisher said the sailors were safe where they were , since the pirates had no grenades and would never have been able break through with only firearms . The only problem , he said , was the heat and a shortage of water . "  In the future , we will store food and water in various spots for emergency usage , " he said . "  I think we will also run a fresh water line into the steering gear . " Fisher said the sailors were able to sneak up to the engine room water fountain and filled some bottles , and the sailor who 'd been on deck tracking the pirates dropped fruit and sodas from the ship 's galley through a standpipe to the hidden sailors . At one point , Fisher wrote , the pirates sent one of the four sailors who had remained on the bridge to hunt for the other crew members -- unescorted . He escaped and joined his comrades . Later , one of the pirates escorted another sailor into the engine room , again searching for the missing crew members , but one of the sailors "  was able to jump him in the dark and we took him prisoner . " "  No one else came down into the E/R  engine room  , " he said . "  As the day went on , the pirates became desperate to get out of there . " Phillips finally talked the pirates into taking a small boat used for rescuing a sailor who falls overboard . The three remaining pirates and the captain went down into the boat , and the sailors , now in control of their ship again , dropped food , water and fuel to them . But the small boat would n't start . The sailors on board the ship dropped the lifeboat into the water and took it -- and their prisoner -- to the stranded boat with the pirates and the captain , intending to trade boats and prisoners . "  We were supposed to exchange their guy for the Captain , but they ended up keeping him , " Fisher wrote . "  They motored off in the lifeboat . They had no way of getting back aboard , so we followed them . " A few hours later , the USS Bainbridge arrived on the scene . Watch crew arrive in the United States " "  We stayed close by for some time , but then the Navy asked us to head out , " Fisher said . "  I heard that several other pirate vessels were heading our way and the Navy wanted us out of the way . That 's about it . " Eventually , Navy SEALs shot and killed three of the pirates aboard the lifeboat . Phillips was freed , and the remaining pirate was taken prisoner . But the Maersk Alabama , with U.S. Navy protection aboard , was nearing Mombasa , Kenya , by that time . At the end of his e-mail , Fisher went over the what the Alabama 's crew had learned . "  Have a well-fortified location with food and water supply . Kill all the lights . Leave the alarms going , the noise helped cover our movements through the house . Flashlights and radios are very handy , as well as the sound-powered phone . " "  It was a pretty stressful situation , " Fisher wrote . "  I have to say I am impressed with how the entire crew responded . We did n't have anybody who wanted to give up . " Fisher also said he was "  pretty confident " that his captain would come out of the ordeal "  OK . " Watch Capt. Phillips arrive in Kenya " "  They have to know that if they kill him they 'll be done , " he said .	Matt Fisher , crewman on Alabama , sent e-mail to sailor on another Maersk ship Fisher tells how crew hid from the pirates and eventually overtook them Key lesson : "  Have a well-fortified location with food and water supply "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Participation in government health insurance programs -- particularly those aimed at children -- increased from 2006 to 2007 , leading to a decrease in the number of Americans lacking insurance , the U.S. Census Bureau said Tuesday . The Census Bureau says 15.3 percent of Americans lacked health insurance in 2007 . Overall , 45.7 million people , or 15.3 percent of U.S. residents , did not have health insurance in 2007 , the bureau said in releasing reports on poverty , income and insurance . That represents a decrease from the 2006 level of 47 million , or 15.8 percent . The decrease came as a surprise , as the number of uninsured Americans had been expected to rise for a seventh straight year . It also gives a boost to proponents of expanding government health-care plans such as the State Children 's Health Insurance Program , or SCHIP . In December , President Bush signed legislation that extends SCHIP federal funding through the end of March 2009 . That action came after Bush vetoed two congressional attempts to expand the program . In vetoing one of the measures , Bush said the proposed expansion "  moves our country 's health-care system in the wrong direction . " The percentages of people covered by private health insurance and by employment-based health insurance both decreased slightly in 2007 , the Census numbers showed , although the number of those covered by employment-based insurance , 177.4 million , was not statistically different from 2006 . However , the percentage of people , including children , covered by government health insurance programs increased to 27.8 percent in 2007 from 27 percent in 2006 . The number of children under 18 without health insurance fell to 11 percent , or 8.1 million -- lower than the 2006 numbers of 11.1 percent and 8.7 million . See a state-by-state breakdown of uninsured Americans " Meanwhile , participation in Medicaid , the government insurance program for low-income Americans , increased to 13.2 percent and 39.6 million in 2007 , up from 12.9 percent and 38.3 million in 2006 . Using a three-year average from 2005-2007 , data showed that Texas had the highest percentage of uninsured , with 24.4 percent , the bureau said . With 8.3 percent , Massachusetts and Hawaii had the lowest estimates for uninsured rates , according to the Census Bureau , but the two were not statistically different from Minnesota  8.5 percent  , Wisconsin  8.8 percent  and Iowa  9.4 percent  . Hawaii also did not differ statistically from Maine  9.5 percent  , it said . But "  even with the overall drop in uninsured Americans , the 45.7 million uninsured number for 2007 exceeds the combined population of 24 states plus the District of Columbia , " a group called Families USA said in a written statement . The group says on its Web site it is "  dedicated to the achievement of high-quality , affordable health care for all Americans . " Being uninsured is a stark reality many Americans live with daily . They include Linda Pendleton of Greensboro , North Carolina . Pendleton was unable to afford private coverage when the convenience store where she worked stopped offering insurance to its employees two years ago . It worked out fine , she said , until she was diagnosed with stage IV breast cancer last month . Unable to work , she moved in with her daughter and her three grandsons . She has applied for Medicaid and disability , but has yet to receive a response . "  So right now I 'm trying to pay for everything , " said her daughter , Randi Sharp . But that 's not easy . With two of her sons disabled , Sharp stays at home to care for them . Her eldest son receives disability payments of $ 632 per month , which supports the family , she said . The father of Sharp 's children is supposed to pay support , but "  he up and left and the court ca n't find him . " Though her monthly rent is $ 600 , Sharp said her landlord has cut her some slack . And she goes to churches for her food and did n't buy her sons school clothes this year , she said . Meanwhile , her mother is so dragged down by her reaction to the chemotherapy that she "  can barely do things for herself , " Sharp said . And even relatively modest fees threaten to cut short her mother 's chemotherapy treatments . "  If I do n't give them cash on Thursday , if I do n't give them $ 70 , they 're not going to see her any more , " Sharp said . A yard sale over the weekend and trips to the pawn shop have helped . So does cutting back on food . "  There are days I go without even eating for two or three days , " she said . "  I 've exhausted all of our resources . " And while the number of those living without health insurance is down , one economist points out , "  we 're still seeing an unraveling of the private health insurance system . " Overall , insurance premiums have continued to rise faster than wages or inflation , putting the squeeze on companies and on individual families , said Elise Gould , an economist at the Washington-based Economic Policy Institute . With 2007 being an economic peak year , "  you 'd think some of the economy would have helped our workers , " she said . "  We 're not seeing that . " Another underlying problem , she said , is that people purchase cheaper insurance but often have substandard coverage -- something they often do n't find out until they experience a health-care emergency and must pay a large amount out of pocket . Ron Pollack , executive director of Washington-based Families USA , issued a statement saying , "  It is ironic that , at the very time the Bush administration tried to cut back Medicaid and twice vetoed legislation to extend children 's health coverage , the public safety net cushioned the loss of employer-sponsored health coverage . It demonstrates the importance that the next president should protect , and not undermine , the public health safety net . " Although the uninsured rate for children living below the federal poverty level decreased to 17.6 percent in 2007 from 19.3 percent in 2006 , children in poverty were more likely to be uninsured than all children , the Census numbers showed . Still , the numbers of uninsured children decreased across all ethnic groups . However , people must lack health insurance for a year before being counted as "  uninsured " by the Census Bureau , meaning the actual number could be higher . In other data , the real median household income increased 1.3 percent nationwide , reaching $ 50,233 , the Census Bureau said . The official poverty rate remained statistically unchanged , although the number slightly increased -- 37.3 Americans lived below the poverty level in 2007 , up from 36.5 million in 2006 . African-American households had the lowest median income , with $ 33,916 , compared with $ 54,920 for non-Hispanic white households , the data showed . The median income for Hispanic households was $ 38,679 . Household income rose in the Midwest and South , declined in the Northeast and remained unchanged in the West , the bureau said . As defined by the Office of Management and Budget and updated for inflation using the Consumer Price Index , the Census Bureau put the weighted average poverty threshold for 2007 at $ 21,203 for a family of four ; $ 26,530 for a family of three ; $ 13,540 for a family of two ; and $ 10,590 for individuals . Working women earned 78 percent of the corresponding male salaries , according to the bureau . Median earnings increased for both men and women following three years of decline . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Census : 45.7 million Americans uninsured in 2007 , down from 47 million in 2006 Decrease a surprise , number was expected to increase for seventh straight year Findings will give boost to backers of expanded government health-care plans Real median household income increased 1.3 percent nationwide , Census finds
CNN  -- Leading former FIFA insider Alexandra Wrage is calling for a new vote over the selection of the 2022 World Cup hosts given the ongoing controversy surrounding the decision to award Qatar the event . Without any football pedigree and despite concerns over staging the world 's most prestigious tournament in a desert climate , the Middle East nation emerged as the surprise winner of the vote by FIFA 'S Executive Committee in December 2010 , when beating the United States in a 14-8 vote in the decisive round . The choice has raised far more questions than answers . Notably regarding the season in which the World Cup would be played . There has been repeated talk of switching the tournament to winter in a bid to avoid the sweltering heat of Qatar 's summers . FIFA president Sepp Blatter has also admitted that the vote to decide both the 2018 and 2022 World Cups led to possible collusion among bidding nations . Another issue has been many allegations of corruption -- with the latest surrounding former FIFA official , Jack Warner , which were revealed earlier this week . The Qatari World Cup committee as well as prominent FIFA officials have steadfastly denied the allegations . But the questions prompted FIFA to create an Independent Governance Committee  IGC  in 2011 . The aim was for the IGC to propose methods to restore the reputation of football 's global body . Yet former member Wrage -- an anti-corruption authority who resigned in April 2013 over frustration at what she described as FIFA 's resistance to reform -- believes drastic action is needed to correct the decision to award the tournament to Qatar . Even current Executive Committee member Theo Zwanziger has described it as a "  blatant mistake . " "  The only way to restore confidence in the World Cup selection process is to rerun the vote , " Wrage , the president of non-profit international anti-bribery group Trace , told CNN . "  Having said that , I do n't expect it to happen and expect , instead , that the process will be further contorted with a controversial move to winter and a great deal of stalling and shifting on the human rights issues raised by the selection of Qatar . " The treatment of migrant construction workers toiling around the clock to deliver new stadiums and , in some cases , whole new cities ahead of the finals has been another unwanted aspect of FIFA 's decision to hand the finals to Qatar . The global body has since tasked Germany 's Zwanziger with addressing the convoluted issue of labor rights in Qatar . A report is expected at this week 's FIFA conference in Zurich , which starts on Thursday . FIFA 's Ethics Committee , headed by the former United States attorney for the Southern District of New York -- Michael Garcia -- is also busy , currently investigating allegations of corruption regarding the vote for the 2022 World Cup site . The American may have more paperwork to sift through after a British newspaper published a damning story this week . The Daily Telegraph claims a company owned by former Executive Committee member Jack Warner invoiced one owned by Qatar 's former FIFA vice-president and Asian football chief Mohammed Bin Hammam for a substantial sum of funds within a month of the 2022 voting decision . "  I have no comment to make on any article -- but feel free to write whatever you wish , " Warner told CNN in response to the claims . Qatar 's 2022 World Cup Organising Committee has also issued a statement to refute the allegations made in the Daily Telegraph on Tuesday . "  The 2022 Bid Committee strictly adhered to FIFA 's bidding regulations in compliance with their code of ethics , " it read . "  The Supreme Committee for Delivery & Legacy and the individuals involved in the 2022 Bid Committee are unaware of any allegations surrounding business dealings between private individuals . " Amidst the constant questioning over the decision to take the World Cup to the Middle East for the first time since the competition started in 1930 , Wrage believes more still needs to be done by FIFA . "  To restore confidence , the public needs to see a serious and broad investigation of all allegations - with prompt and meaningful consequences for any wrongdoing , " she argues . "  In spite of some recent governance improvements , there is still a widespread sense that FIFA provides far too little transparency . " Shortly after her resignation from the IGC , Wrage wrote a piece for Forbes.com stating her belief that the "  only entity capable of insisting on transparency at FIFA is the Swiss government . " This came after FIFA rejected proposals from the IGC to introduce two members to the Executive Committee who were independent as well as a compromise proposal that the Chairman of FIFA 's Audit Committee should be an independent observer at all ExCo meetings . Seeking comment , CNN contacted the four other nations beaten by Qatar : the U.S. , Australia , South Korea and Japan . Only the latter replied , saying that it "  does not have a comment on a supposition . " Australia has previously said it will pursue compensation if the 2022 finals are switched from summer to winter months .	Former FIFA insider calls for a fresh vote on the 2022 World Cup The tournament was awarded to Qatar following a FIFA ballot in December 2010 Alexandra Wrage says rerunning the vote is the only way to restore confidence in the World Cup Former New York attorney Michael Garcia is investigating allegations of corruption around the vote
CNN  -- Now you see it , now you do n't . That 's the logic behind the vanishing spray being used at this year 's World Cup in Brazil . If you watched Thursday 's opening Brazil-Croatia match , you may have seen it : Before a free kick in the first half , a referee pulled a spray can out of a holster and squirted a white line on the field . No , the World Cup refs are n't wannabe graffiti artists . For the first time , FIFA referees are using the special spray to paint a temporary white line 10 yards from the free kick spot , marking the safe area into which opposing players can not encroach . The spray disappears after one minute . This , although somewhat awkward to watch , addresses a problem for referees and players alike : Although they 're supposed to remain 10 yards away , opposing players have frequently crept closer to the free-kick taker in an effort to disrupt the kick , starting countless arguments about fairness . The vanishing spray , which was an immediate hit Thursday on Twitter , is the brainchild of Argentinian journalist and entrepreneur Pablo Silva . "  It started seven or eight years ago when I was playing in a championship played amongst former school members , " Silva told Reuters . "  In the 88th minute , we were losing 1-0 and won a free kick on the edge of the area . When I took the kick , the wall  of opposing players  was three meters away . The referee did n't book anyone and did n't do anything . We lost the game and driving home later , with a mixture of anger and bitterness , I thought that we must invent something to stop this . " The spray is called 9:15 Fairplay , or 10 yards expressed in meters . It 's already been used in games the past several years by Major League Soccer . "  We find the vanishing spray to be extremely useful and very effective in ensuring the defenders are 10 yards from the ball , " said Paul Rejer , training and development manager for the Professional Referees Organization , which supplies officials for MLS . "  The spray makes it clear where the ball is to be placed and where the defenders have to stand . Since the use of spray we experience very few problems in achieving the ...  minimum  distance . " Rejer said the spray has been welcomed by officials and is no hassle for them to carry during games . If nothing else , Silva and his spray already have some high-profile supporters , including Portuguese soccer superstar Cristiano Ronaldo . "  I think it 's a great idea , " he said in a testimonial on the 9:15 website . "  Use a spray to mark the distance between the barrier and the kicker can be a great help . "	For the first time , FIFA referees are using a special vanishing spray Refs spray a temporary white line 10 yards from the spot of free kicks The line keeps opposing players back and disappears after a minute It 's already been used in games the past several years by Major League Soccer
CNN  -- China blasted the United States on Saturday for its recent public criticism and urging of diplomacy to address territorial disputes in the South China Sea , saying the U.S. statement shows "  total disregard for the facts " and sends "  a seriously wrong message . " The blistering statement , from Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang , follows one issued the previous day by a counterpart at the U.S. State Department . The debate revolves around who controls islands and waters in the South China Sea . Countries such as Vietnam and the Philippines lay claim to some areas . Qin stated unequivocally Saturday that "  China has indisputable sovereignty over the South China Sea and adjacent waters . " Acting U.S. State Department deputy spokesman Patrick Ventrell began his statement Friday insisting the United States does "  not take a position on competing territorial claims ... and  has  no territorial ambitions in the South China Sea . " Yet he added that Washington believes countries "  should work collaboratively and diplomatically to resolve disputes without coercion , without intimidation , without threats and without the use of force . " Ventrell suggested that not all nations in the region are taking this latter approach , expressing U.S. concern about the "  increase in tensions in the South China Sea " in the form of "  confrontational rhetoric , " "  coercive economic actions and the incidents around the Scarborough Reef , including the use of barriers to deny access . " "  In particular , China 's upgrading of the administrative level of Sansha City and establishment of a new military garrison there covering disputed areas of the South China Sea run counter to collaborative diplomatic efforts to resolve differences and risk further escalating tensions in the region , " Ventrell said , before urging the nations involved to agree on ways to peacefully address disputes . Qin , the Chinese foreign ministry spokesman , started his statement -- which was posted on his ministry 's website -- by accusing the United States of confounding "  right and wrong " and undermining regional efforts to "  uphold peace and stability in the South China Sea and the Asia-Pacific region at large . " China 's action in Sansha City , specifically , is a "  necessary adjustment " that falls "  well within China 's sovereign rights , " the spokesman said . Qin accused other nations of not abiding by a 2002 agreement involving Association of Southeast Asian Nations , or ASEAN , members . The Chinese spokesman then singled out Washington for what he suggested was hypocrisy and "  unfounded accusations ... against China 's normal and reasonable acts . " "  People can not but question the true intention of the U.S. side , " Qin wrote . He challenged the United States for overlooking other nations "  marking out a large number of oil and gas blocks in the South China Sea " and claiming "  as its own China 's islands , reefs and waters . " Washington , too , has ignored it when other nation 's navies have threatened Chinese fishermen , Qin claimed . If the United States truly was n't taking positions on territorial disputes , then why did it speak up now and "  stir up trouble at a time when countries concerned in the region are stepping up dialogue ? " he asked rhetorically . "  The United States needs to follow the trend of the times and respect the shared aspirations and consensus of countries in the region for peace , stability and development , " Qin said . "  It should respect China 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , and act in a way that contributes to stability and prosperity of the Asia-Pacific and not otherwise . "	The U.S. issued a statement criticizing China on South China Sea territorial disputes A Chinese spokesman responds by claiming the U.S. shows a "  total disregard for the facts " The U.S. confounded "  right and wrong " and undermined peace in the region , he adds There are international disputes about who controls islands and waters in the South China Sea
For a society that regards conformity as an important value , there are surprising number of Japanese who opt for homes that defy the cookie-cutter design . Take for example , Tatsumi Terado and his wife Hanae who lives in a house with no interior walls , hardly any barriers and some ladders to get around . The young couple call their house the Ninja -- because they need to be as nimble as one to go from one room to another . "  We feel we 're getting in better shape these days , " says Hanae Terado , extolling the benefits of all the climbing around the house . "  But we never fall . " Radical design is featuring more and more in Japan 's residential landscape and is a hit among the country 's young generation . It is as if the compact spaces the Japanese have to live in are pushing the architects , and their clients , to think out of the box and let their whimsical ideas take off . Says Hanae Terado : "  I do n't know if this is a cutting edge , but this is a house where our thoughts and inspirations take place . " Avant-garde design in Japan largely caters to middle class couples or families building a small house , not the typical clientele of bold architectural ideas elsewhere in the world . These average Japanese home owners can afford to take more risks because , unlike many of their counterparts in the West , they do n't have to worry about long-term investment . "  Houses depreciate in value over 15 years after being built , " says Tokyo-based architect Alastair Townsend , "  and on average they are demolished after 25 or 30 years , so the owner of a house does n't need to consider what a future buyer might want . "  It gives them a lot of creative license to design a home that 's an expression of their own eccentricities or lifestyle . " Open a Japanese architecture magazine or browse the Internet , and there are many examples of eccentric homes across the country , from strange polygonal structures to houses with no windows . While this conceptual Japanese architecture could be a bit impractical , these homes are becoming more like modern-art installations breathing new life into the country 's cramped spaces . Some of the more quirky homes are built next to plain-looking buildings . Architect Sou Fujimoto 's "  Skeleton House " stands out in an average Tokyo neighborhood . The transparent building , which he built for a young couple , lacks in privacy but conjures a sense of open elegance . Calling the design "  kind of a tree house , " Fujimoto says , "  We thought the whole house is like one big tree . You can jump onto one branch and the other branch to move around . " He also argues that the house fits Tokyo 's character as one part of the cozy components that make up the city . "  I think it 's a really , really nice collaboration because at the beginning , it was more simple , a bit more boring , " he says . "  Then it 's getting more exciting . " Yenni Kwok contributed to this report	Radical design is featuring more and more in Japan 's residential landscape It is a hit among the country 's young generation Many avant-garde structures are small middle-class homes Having no worry about long-term investment gives Japanese home owners a lot of creative license
CNN  Danny Kahneman , my good friend and co-author who got a Nobel Prize in economics , once helped to run an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies . One group received a mildly pleasurable experience at the end of the procedure ; the other group , which experienced the same type of colonoscopy , did not . It turns out that the group for whom things ended well had significantly more positive recollections of the whole affair from its beginning . The psychology of it is simple to understand : Happy endings matter . Even an unpleasant experience can lead to happy memories in hindsight if it ends well . So too with taxes . Let 's just say that when it comes to taxes for the average American , "  stuff " happens  keeping the colonoscopy metaphor running  , paycheck to tax-reduced paycheck . But recent statistics suggest that 8 out of 10 American taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes , and the average amount is close to $ 3000 . That pays for a lot of stuff . To make the good news even better , tax filing has gotten rather simple for most people , with various software and service providers offering to do the dreaded paperwork for free . No filing headaches and a check to boot . What 's not to like ? The fact of the matter is there is plenty not to like when it comes to the U.S. tax system . For example , the laws are biased against two-worker marriages ; taxes go up when two relatively equal earners marry , as the rate brackets for couples are less than double that for single filers . Taxes are also overly complex and essentially optional for the truly rich , who make their wealth off of their existing wealth , the largely untaxed returns from capital , rather than by getting ordinary paychecks like most of us . But now is not the time to explain such serious matters ; the people are too busy spending their refunds . The once dreaded Tax Day has become a happy spending spree for most Americans . This state of short-term bliss follows from some deep trends in our tax laws . In brief , the U.S. income tax system is increasingly a wage tax , with limited taxes on capital  what the rich have  and limited deductions for most of us . For example , 3 out of 4 Americans using a standard deduction get no break for their charitable contributions . All of this has been hashed and rehashed by politicians , professors and pundits . But who has time for that ? Let 's go to our television sets and check out the commercials . One clever spot ran during the recent Super Bowl , suggesting that the Boston Tea Party -- a tax revolt -- could have been averted with free online filing , which the sponsor was eager to provide . Filling out 1040s was part of what made the income tax so odious for the masses for such a long time -- who does n't remember our parents fretting over shoeboxes of receipts sometime in April , the cruelest month ? Now as Tax Day approaches , we are flooded with advertisements about America getting its billions back , without even having to pay to prepare the forms . We get paid to play ! Here is the happy ending that Kahneman and others have shown can mitigate the memories of unpleasantness past . The simple fact is that a simple tax is also rather simple to administer . Service providers kindly offer to help out the masses of befuddled Americans . Of course , these kind souls want their happy endings too . They are betting that once the large refunds become obvious to their customers , the grateful taxpayers-turned-consumers will happily purchase add-on services , such as "  audit protection insurance , " or perhaps deposit the money in financial accounts managed by the provider . Just as lottery winners notoriously go on impulsive spending sprees , the "  found money " of tax returns can finance many nice purchases . Of course , there are still those annoying matters of the deep unfairness of the tax laws , biased against modern families and wage earners , and in favor of the rich living off capital . No real bother -- stuff happens . Let others fret about fairness . As long as our taxpaying or colon procedures end with a smile -- or a check -- who has time to dwell on the bad stuff that came before ?	Edward McCaffery : There 's a fundamental unfairness to U.S. tax laws But Americans do n't care because most of us get a refund on Tax Day , and that makes us happy
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova beat Li Na in three sets to defend her Italian Open title in Rome on Sunday in a bizarre match played in sometimes heavy rain and amid the distraction of football fans gathering nearby . Sharapova was 6-4 4-0 down but fought back to take the match into a deciding tiebreak -- after saving a match point at 6-5 in the third set . By the time the tiebreak came around , the rain was falling heavily , making conditions unplayable , and it even started to rain again when the players returned two hours later to complete the match . Sharapova eventually won it 4-6 , 6-4 , 7-6  5  and the two players burst out laughing when they shook hands at the net . "  It was a crazy match , " Sharapova said . "  Either one of us could have won it . There really is no loser . " The men 's final between Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal was postponed until Monday because of the weather -- prompting some fans to throw objects onto the court in disgust . Nearby , Napoli and Juventus fans were gathering for the Italian Cup final at the nearby Stadio Olimpico , and the final was punctuated by the sound of fireworks going off and police helicopters flying overhead . "  The match was a joke , it was like playing a football match in the rain , " said Li , who came close to her first title since winning the French Open almost a year ago . "  Even when we were sent off court , you had to still concentrate for every second , it was tiring for both players . "  You could not relax . It was tense . When we came back out , she was the tougher player . But I take some positives away . It 's getting close to Roland Garros and I think I hit the ball well . I also moved her around the court well . " Sharapova heads to Roland Garros with a second clay-court title of the year under her belt . Not traditionally a threat on the slow surface , the world No. 2 has only lost once on clay in 2012 -- to Serena Williams . "  This is a great win for me going into Roland Garros , " Sharapova said . "  It will be nice to have a week off now , after playing three tournaments in the last four weeks . I 'll have to time to recover , mentally and physically . " Sharapova can complete a career Grand Slam if she wins in Paris .	Maria Sharapova beats Li Na 4-6 , 6-4 , 7-6  5  to win Italian Open Deciding tiebreak delayed by 2 hours because of rain in Rome Men 's final between Nadal and Djokovic postponed until Monday Sharapova heads to French Open with two clay-court titles this year
London  CNN  -- A man who threw a shaving foam pie at media mogul Rupert Murdoch while he testified over the British phone hacking scandal has been jailed for six weeks , court officials told CNN Tuesday . Jonathan May-Bowles caused an uproar when he thrust the paper plate covered in foam towards the face of News Corp. . CEO Murdoch at a hearing before lawmakers in London last month . Westminster Magistrates Court confirmed to CNN that Bowles , a self-described comedian and activist , had been sentenced to jail Tuesday over the public order offence . May-Bowles pleaded guilty last week to assaulting Murdoch , the British Press Association reported . Sentencing him , District Judge Daphne Wickham told May-Bowles he would spend three weeks of his six-week term in prison , the Press Association said . The judge said he had disrupted an important parliamentary process that should take place in a "  civilized fashion , " and that she had taken into account the potential alarm caused to Murdoch by the incident . May-Bowles was also ordered to pay # 250  about $ 407  costs and a # 15  about $ 25  "  victim surcharge " , a levy that is attached to any fine for a criminal offense and used to provide services for the victims of crime . The foam pie incident was captured live on television as Murdoch and his son James answered questions from lawmakers over alleged wrongdoing by the staff of News Corp. 's British arm , News International . The swift reaction of Murdoch 's wife , Wendi Deng , who leapt to defend her 80-year-old husband and smashed Bowles 's hand with her own , also attracted wide media interest . Murdoch was unharmed in the incident . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	Jonathan May-Bowles admitted throwing the foam pie at media mogul Murdoch It happened as Murdoch was testifying to British lawmakers over a phone-hacking scandal Murdoch was unharmed in the incident , broadcast live on television
CNN  -- The pilot and co-pilot of a small cargo jet were killed when their aircraft crashed short of the runway while landing at an airport in suburban Chicago , Illinois , local authorities said . The Learjet 35A was on its final approach into Chicago Executive Airport in Wheeling , Illinois , when it went down about 1:30 p.m. , the Federal Aviation Administration reported . The plane crashed into a forest preserve about a mile south of the runway and ended up in a river , said Jay Reardon , the head of a multi-agency firefighting task force that responded to the crash . The two-man crew was found dead at the scene , Reardon said . No emergency was declared before the crash . "  To our knowledge , everything appeared normal up until the aircraft was reported down by the tower at Chicago Executive Airport , " Reardon said . The National Transportation Safety Board has begun its investigation of the crash . There was no immediate indication of the cause , NTSB senior investigator Pam Sullivan said . "  It 's way too early to even start narrowing down what could or could not happen , " she said . The flight was operated by Royal Air Cargo , a Waterford , Michigan-based carrier that operates a fleet of small jets to deliver "  time-sensitive " freight , airport spokesman Michael Standard said . Reardon said the jet appeared to be empty when it went down . The downed plane was en route to Atlanta , Georgia , from Pontiac , Michigan , with a stop in Chicago , according to private Web sites that track air travel . There was no immediate comment from the company .	Pilot , co-pilot killed as plane crashes short of runway Learjet was on its final approach into Chicago Executive Airport in Wheeling , Illinois The flight was operated by Royal Air Cargo ; no other people onboard
CNN  -- Tiger Woods sizzled at the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational . With the season 's final major a week away , his timing is good . Woods equaled his career-best round on the PGA Tour and matched his own course record in Ohio by shooting a 61 , hitting an eagle , seven birdies and not dropping a shot . He also shot a nine-under-par 61 in the second round of the tournament in 2000 -- the year he outclassed his rivals and claimed three majors . But Woods has n't won a major in five years now , stuck on 14 , and struggled on the final day of the British Open last month when he was in contention . The Bridgestone Invitational was the world No. 1 's first tournament since Muirfield , and he began with an impressive 66 . He bettered that on Friday at a tournament he has captured seven times , beginning with a birdie , eagle and birdie to set the tone . Woods shot the first nine in 30 . "  I just let the round build from there , " Woods said in a television interview aired by Sky Sports . "  I made a couple of key putts for pars . Things like that happen today . " The back nine started just as well , with Woods registering four straight birdies . He was nine under through 13 holes . With a sub 60 round in his sights , though , Woods shot at par the rest of the way , narrowly missing a birdie on the 17th but then avoiding a bogey on the 18th with a stunning putt . He leads defending champion Keegan Bradley and England 's Chris Wood by seven shots . "  It put me in a nice position going into the weekend , " said Woods . The last time Woods shot a 61 at any tournament was at the 2005 Buick Open . Before looking ahead to the PGA Championship , Woods was focusing on finishing the job at the Bridgestone Invitational . Thunderstorms are expected Saturday . "  We got a long way to go , " said Woods . "  The golf course will be certainly a lot different than it is now with the weather coming in so we 're going to have to make a few adjustments and see how it goes . " British Open winner Phil Mickelson was tied for 43rd . The slumping Rory McIlroy was tied for 25th alongside U.S. Open winner Justin Rose , 14 shots behind Woods . Park eight shots behind at St. Andrews At the women 's British Open at St. Andrews in Scotland , meanwhile , Inbee Park has work to do if she wants to become the first golfer in 83 years to claim four majors in a single season . Through two rounds on the Old Course , Park trails fellow South Korean Na Yeon Choi by eight shots after registering a 1-over-par 73 in blustery conditions . She is tied for 22nd . "  A little bit of everything was n't really working well out there today , " Park told reporters . "  I think I grinded  it out  really well out there . "  I was a bit unlucky with the draw , getting afternoon today , not playing in the morning when it 's lovely . " Choi , last year 's U.S. Open winner , leads Japan 's Miki Saiki by a shot , with overnight leader Morgan Pressel of the U.S. a further shot behind .	Tiger Woods shoots a 61 at the Bridgestone Invitational to match his career best round The world No. 1 also shot a 61 in the second round of the tournament in 2000 Woods leads defending champion Keegan Bradley and Chris Wood by seven shots Inbee Park , attempting to win four majors in a season , trails at the women 's British Open
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Four civilians were killed and three were injured Thursday when their vehicle was shelled in Yemen 's southern Shabwa province , two Interior Ministry officials said . Eyewitnesses told CNN that two of the injured are in serious condition . The civilians are part of the powerful Awaliq tribe , which is demanding an explanation from the Yemeni government . Tribal leaders blame government forces from a nearby military base for the mistake attack . "  The shelling came from the direction of a military base , and militants do n't have a presence in those areas , " a witness said . But a senior military official in Shabwa denied the military had anything to do with the shelling . "  The army is trained and such a mistake is not possible , " the official said . He blamed terrorists for the attack , saying it was meant to cause friction between the Awaliq tribe and government forces . Government troops have taken control of a number of districts previously held by al Qaeda militants . Thursday 's shelling came nearly a month after Yemen launched a military offensive against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula amid an uptick in violence in the capital . Thousands of troops were deployed to the provinces of Hadramout , Shabwa , al-Baitha and Abyan . Al Qaeda-linked militants killed by Yemeni security forces	Four civilians -- part of the powerful Awaliq tribe -- die in shelling in Yemen Tribal leaders blame Yemeni government forces The Yemeni military says it was the work of terrorists
Orlando  CNN  -- A high school sophomore in Orlando who throws a mean fastball but was cut from his baseball team because he 's not so good at fielding bunts said Tuesday that his rejection was off-base . "  I went there and tried out and the coach gave me the excuse that I ca n't cover bunts , " 16-year-old Anthony Burruto told HLN 's "  Prime News " about his coach 's decision at Dr. Phillips High School . "  Bunts was n't even part of the tryout . " And Burruto 's 80-mph fastball just was n't enough , apparently . Oh , there 's another thing about Burruto that may -- or may not -- have anything to do with this story . Life threw him a curve that other athletes at the school have not had to contend with : He has no legs . Burruto launches his pitches from atop prostheses . But the birth defect never deterred him from pursuing the sport : He has played baseball since he was 8 , playing two seasons in the fall league and one on the junior varsity team . "  They know what he 's got , " Burruto 's mother Diane said about the school 's coaches . "  He 's a very good athlete , very good pitcher . He handles his own out there . " She said her son worked hard to hone his skills . "  Not to say other kids out there do n't work hard , but Anthony has to work harder . He loves the game of baseball . " She added , "  He became skilled at it , he excelled at it , and had to overcome obstacles , obviously , to get there . Nothing can stop him . That 's the way I raised him . You do n't have a disability . You want to do something ? Go out and try to do it . " In a written statement , a spokesman for the Orange County Public Schools said Burruto was treated like any other player . "  Anthony was given the same opportunity as all other students to try out for the Dr. Phillips High School baseball teams , " wrote Dylan Thomas . "  He was among 63 student athletes who were evaluated for a position on either the varsity or junior varsity squads . With only 40 roster spots , Anthony and 22 other students did not make either team . As a sophomore , Anthony has the chance to vie for a position on a school team again next year and we hope he will . " But Burruto said he was not sure he would , particularly if the coach who cut him keeps his job . "  I would never play for him again , " Burruto said . "  He basically told me that I 'm not going to make the team ever again because I ca n't field the bunts , which is n't true . I can field bunts -- just a little slower than the average person . " Burruto said his former teammates have been incredulous when they learned he has been cut . "  Their reaction is , ` Oh , my God ! Are you serious ? There 's no way ! How can you get cut ? ' They 're livid about it . "	16-year-old Anthony Burruto throws an 80 mph fastball "  The coach gave me the excuse that I ca n't cover bunts , " Burruto says "  Oh , my God ! Are you serious ? "
CNN  -- NBC has issued an apology for spoiling the results of teen swimmer Missy Franklin 's gold medal-winning race . In the latest controversy during the network 's highly rated Summer Olympics coverage , NBC ran a "  Today " show promo on Monday night that revealed the outcome of the heavily anticipated 100-meter backstroke before the event was actually telecast . Now NBC 's sports division , which has been pretty adamant about the merits of its tape-delay strategy as public criticism mounts , has issued a statement admitting the network screwed up . "  Clearly that promo should not have aired at that time , " said an NBC Sports spokesperson in a statement . "  We have a process in place and this will not happen again . We apologize to viewers who were watching and did n't know the result of the race . " NBC 's Today show ad announced last night , "  When you 're 17 years old and win your first gold medal , there 's nobody you 'd rather share it with , " and showed footage of Franklin holding the gold medal and with her parents . NBC 's attempt to herd viewers to primetime with tape-delayed coverage from London while covering a competition of global interest has sparked plenty of online outrage since the Games got underway on Friday  one critic dubbed the 2012 games "  the last great buggy-whip Olympics "  . Yet ratings continue to be strong , with 31.6 million viewers watching Monday 's primetime coverage , the biggest audience for a non-U.S. Summer Games in 36 years . Meanwhile one vocal critic of NBC whose Twitter account was suspended after he tweeted a network executive 's email address has been given his account back . "  Oh . My Twitter account seems to have been un-suspended , " tweeted Independent journalist Guy Adams . "  Did I miss much while I was away . " See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	NBC ran a "  Today " show promo that revealed outcome of 100-meter backstroke race NBC 's sports division issued a statement saying the network screwed up The public has criticized NBC 's coverage Journalist 's Twitter account was suspended after he tweeted NBC exec 's email address
CNN  -- Most artists have to wait years -- or perhaps an eternity -- to earn serious money from their work . Aidan Reed , on the other hand , earned more than $ 83,000 in a few weeks , and he 's only 5 . Aidan 's art is of monsters -- green ones , black ones , scary ones , silly ones . The people who buy his drawings are n't necessarily art lovers or monster lovers . They just want to help Aidan , whose leukemia was diagnosed three months ago , and whose parents nearly had to sell their house because of the financial difficulties of dealing with cancer . When Aidan 's family started selling his drawings online in early October , his parents thought they 'd sell a few each week . They never imagined it could more than make up for the income they were losing because Aidan 's father , Wiley Reed , had to take unpaid time off to be with Aidan during treatments . "  We were in the hospital with Aidan , and my husband and I were talking about selling the house , which I did n't want to do . I was really upset , " said his mother , Katie Reed . "  While we were there , we found out we 'd sold over 2,000 drawings . I just fell down crying . It was so awesome . I knew we 'd finally be OK . " "  He 's a great artist , but I never thought he 'd be famous at 5 , " adds Reed , who lives in Clearwater , Kansas , and gave birth to Aidan 's little brother , Amry , just 12 days after Aidan 's cancer diagnosis . An aunt 's love The idea for selling Aidan 's artwork came from his father 's sister , Mandi Ostein , who lives in Peoria , Illinois , and was trying to think of a way to help from afar . She had to look no further than her newborn son 's nursery for answers . A few months before he got sick , Aidan had sent her some of his drawings to decorate his cousin 's room . "  I 'd sold items I 've made on etsy.com -- purses , bags , clothes -- and I thought we could sell Aidan 's drawings there , too , " she says . Ostein opened up a shop , Aidan 's Monsters , on the popular website . "  When I first mentioned it to my brother , he thought it was crazy , " she adds . "  But I thought we could sell 60 by Thanksgiving . " Instead , she sold nearly 7,000 by Thanksgiving for $ 12 a piece . She says sales really took off when a friend of hers convinced a website called regretsy.com , which usually pokes fun of the products on etsy.com , to promote sales of Aidan 's drawings . Now selling Aidan 's art has become a full-time job , in addition to taking care of her baby . "  I print , package , ship and answer e-mails from home , " she says . "  Upstairs is the printing department , downstairs is the shipping department , and wherever I am is the PR department . " Ostein says she knows why Aidan 's drawings are selling so phenomenally well . "  People really want to help , " Ostein says . "  They say Aidan 's story really touches them . " Aidan 's story Aidan was a healthy 5-year-old until late this past summer when he started having fevers that would n't go away , no matter how many medicines his pediatrician prescribed . Then on the weekend of September 10 , he developed a terrible cough , and his parents noticed bruises on his body . "  Usually Aidan tells us if he 's hurt himself or run into something , but he could n't explain these bruises at all , " Reed says . The Reeds took Aidan to the pediatrician 's office that Monday , and blood tests confirmed the worst : Aidan had leukemia . He started treatment the next day at Wesley Medical Center in Wichita , Kansas , receiving several rounds of chemotherapy . Wiley Reed works for Cessna training factory workers , and his insurance is good . While the family is responsible for a $ 250 co-payment when Aidan goes to the hospital , most of the rest of his care is covered . What set them back financially is that Wiley has had to take unpaid time off work . His wife stays at home with Aidan and his baby brother , so the family had to go without any income . "  We were buying cheaper groceries and cutting way back on clothes , and we 're not big shoppers to begin with , " Katie Reed says . "  The money from the drawings really relieved us . When insurance is n't enough Reed says she never imagined how expensive an illness could be even when you do have good insurance . "  If I were to see this story , I would think to myself , ` These people have insurance . What are they talking about ? ' " Reed says . In addition to her husband 's lost wages , the family has had other expenses , such as buying food at the hospital instead of cooking at home . The Reeds ' situation is n't unusual , says Jeanie Barnett , director of communications for CancerCare , an organization that helps people affected by cancer . "  Cancer is an incredibly expensive disease , " Barnett says . "  And no one budgets to have cancer . " There are lost wages , which the Reeds faced , as well as transportation costs to and from the hospital . Plus , even good insurance does n't cover all the costs . "  You can get socked at the pharmacy for $ 900 a month , or even $ 3,000 a month , and that 's with insurance , " Barnett says . Families have become clever about how to raise money , she adds . For example , parents of one child with cancer held a "  pie-a-thon , " cooking pies for 48 hours straight and selling them . For help facing the financial burdens of cancer , contact CancerCare or the Cancer Financial Assistance Coalition . And a previous Empowered Patient column also offered advice : After cancer diagnosis , what comes next ? Barnett urges patients and their families who are having fundraisers to beware of the taxman : If you raise a lot of money , you could get pushed into a higher income bracket and face higher taxes . To learn more about smart fundraising , see page 3 of this guide from the National Marrow Donor Program . Aidan 's future The Reeds are right now trying to figure out now how much of their income from the drawings is taxable . Some of it they 've used to pay their mortgage and other expenses , but some has also been used for art supplies for Aidan . Ostein says sales are still going strong even though she 's told customers that for the time being the family is fine . Money from future sales will be put away for later . Wiley Reed is back at work but takes unpaid time off when Aidan has a doctor 's appointment . "  He gets a spinal tap every three weeks , and those are not good to go through , " Katie Reed says . "  I ca n't emotionally handle it . I always have to leave the room , so Wiley 's the one who stays strong for him and holds his hand . " She says the response to Aidan 's drawings has helped her emotionally , not just financially . "  I love reading the happy stories people leave on Aidan 's blog about how they 've been through this , and it does get better , " she says . "  It 's really helped me stay positive through all this because I was really depressed seeing my child have to go through all this not knowing whether he 'd make it or not . " As for Aidan , he keeps drawing , sometimes for hours a day , even when he 's in the hospital . He recently started to draw jesters  "  he loves the hats and the bells , " his mother says  , and he 's asked Santa for a four-faced clown mask he saw online for Christmas . Still , monsters are his main theme . "  I do n't think he realizes it , but monsters have become iconic for him , " she says . "  I think he likes them because he 's fighting a monster inside himself . "	Aidan Reed , 5 , who draws monsters , received a leukemia diagnosis three months ago Aidan 's aunt , Mandi Osteinsold , sold nearly 7,000 drawings by Thanksgiving for $ 12 apiece In addition to lost wages , the family has had other unexpected expenses
A court in eastern China sentenced Bo Xilai -- the former rising star of the ruling Communist Party who fell from power amid a scandal involving murder , betrayal and financial skullduggery -- to life in prison Sunday . Bo received the life sentence for bribe-taking , as well as 15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of power . The sentences , which came shortly after the guilty verdicts , surprised some analysts . "  I 'm actually a little bit surprised . I think it 's a very strong verdict " compared to some previous cases , said Yuhua Wang , a political science professor at University of Pennsylvania . "  He was a political star before falling from grace . He was ... the son of a revolutionary veteran . His father was Mao 's colleague , " he added . During the hearings of the politically sensitive trial that took place over several days last month , Bo , 64 , denied the charges and strongly challenged the prosecution 's case against him , according to accounts published by the Jinan Intermediate People 's Court . The closely watched trial was considered to be much more transparent than most cases in China . But international and independent journalists were n't allowed inside the courtroom , and doubts were raised about the fullness of the court 's version of events . ' I can bear the suffering ' Days before the court announced the date for delivering the verdict , Bo reiterated his innocence but said he anticipated a lengthy imprisonment in a letter written to his family . "  I was dragged into this and really wronged , but the truth will come out one day , " wrote Bo in a letter dated September 12 , referring to the bribes allegedly taken by his wife and other scandals involving her and her friends . Read more : Five big moments from the trial "  Meanwhile I will be waiting quietly in prison , " Bo continued . "  Dad was thrown into prison multiple times in his lifetime and I will look up to him as my role model . " Bo 's late father , Bo Yibo , was a revolutionary contemporary of Chairman Mao Zedong and late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping . During the tumultuous Cultural Revolution that Mao launched in 1966 , however , the senior Bo was persecuted , tortured and imprisoned for over a decade . He was "  rehabilitated " in 1979 and became one of the most influential senior politicians under Deng . "  Dad and Mom have passed away , but their teachings are deeply ingrained in my mind , " Bo wrote . "  I will never bring disgrace to them and their glory . I can bear the suffering no matter how great it is . "  I have put Mom 's photo by my bed . With her by my side , I do n't feel lonely . " Timeline : The Bo scandal A source with close ties to the Bo family confirmed to CNN the authenticity of the letter , which has been circulating on the Internet . She adds that the content online is only part of the original letter , which appears to be addressing the family members -- including a son and four siblings -- present in the courtroom during his trial . Dramatic downfall Bo 's trial brought to light a wealth of eye-opening details about the apparently lavish and emotionally fraught life of his family and inner circle , giving Chinese people insights into how some of the ruling elite live . Analysis : Was Bo Xilai 's trial in China truly transparent ? His glittering career , during which he drew both admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year . The son of a revolutionary veteran , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policy-making body of the Communist Party . He had been tipped to ascend farther up the party hierarchy . A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing , a metropolis in southwestern China . But when his deputy , Wang Lijun , walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February 2012 and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was involved in a murder case , Bo 's career began to unravel . Read more : Corruption fight a political purge ? Wang 's move precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his party posts . A court found Gu guilty last year of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room in 2011 . She was given a suspended death sentence . The following month , Wang was convicted of bending the law for selfish ends , defection , abuse of power and bribe-taking . He received a 15-year prison sentence . Wang and Gu both appeared as witnesses at Bo 's trial last month . Bo attacked their testimony and even claimed that Wang and Gu had been romantically involved . Read more : Bo Xilai says former aide had crush on his wife	"  I 'm actually a little bit surprised , " an analyst says Court find Bo Xilai guilty of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power The one-time rising star of the Communist Party sentenced to life in prison A court found his wife guilty last year of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood
CNN  -- Pregnant again after two miscarriages , Molly Gray was desperate for answers that could help prevent losing a third baby . When she heard about a small study to test the blood of pregnant women for chemicals , she signed up . The result was shocking : Gray 's blood tested high for mercury , a heavy metal that can cause brain damage to a developing fetus . A Senate subcommittee Tuesday will examine how chemicals that Americans are exposed to in daily life might be harming the health of children , including those developing in the womb . Witnesses scheduled to appear at the Senate Subcommittee on Superfund , Toxics and Environmental Health hearing include Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson and CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . Gupta examined the topic in the CNN special "  Toxic America " first broadcast in June , which focused on the impact of exposure to chemicals in daily life . The first hour was "  Toxic Towns USA , " which looked at a once-rural town in Louisiana now surrounded by chemical plants , and the second hour was "  Toxic Childhood , " which examined chemicals in everyday life and their possible health effects . Gupta : Chemicals around us -- we must know more The special exposed stories such as Gray 's situation , which she called "  scary and disheartening . " "  Somehow my son was being exposed to mercury , and that 's a weight to carry because I feel like our job as parents is to protect them , to care for them , to nurture them and to keep them out of harm 's way , " Gray told CNN earlier this year . Toxic chemicals finding their way into the womb A growing number of studies are finding hundreds of toxic chemicals in the bodies of mothers , and subsequently , in their babies after birth . While there is no science that demonstrates a conclusive cause-and-effect relationship between chemicals children are born with and particular health problems , studies are finding associations between elevated levels of chemicals in a baby 's body and their development . Tuesday 's hearing , called by Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , will take place at the University of Medicine and Dentistry in Newark , New Jersey . Lautenberg has called for updating the federal regulations to require manufacturers to show chemicals are safe before introducing them on the market . Other planned witnesses include Lisa Huguenin , a New Jersey mother of a child with autism and an immune system disorder ; Dr. Steven Marcus , executive and medical director of the New Jersey Poison Information and Education System ; and Dr. Frederica Perera , director of the Columbia Center for Children 's Environmental Health . Perera 's center has been following hundreds of pregnant women over the past 12 years to measure chemicals entering the womb during pregnancy . The women trudge through New York City for 48 hours wearing special backpacks , each with a long tube that is slung over the shoulder . The tube , resting inches below the pregnant mom 's mouth , sucks air into a special filter , giving an approximate measurement of the air that she is breathing . The backpack is designed to measure ambient toxics spewed by vehicles and pesticides , along with chemicals from common household products . 5 toxic chemicals : Protect yourself "  It surprised me when we analyzed the air samples -LSB- from the backpacks -RSB- and found 100 percent of them had detectable levels of at least one pesticide and the air pollutants we were interested in , " Perera , who also is a professor at the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health , told CNN earlier this year . "  Every single one . " So far , the toxics measured in the backpacks match what scientists are finding in the cord blood of the babies once they are born . Small studies by other groups also are finding common household chemicals in babies . "  We 've measured hundreds and hundreds of toxic chemicals in the blood of babies that are still in the womb , " said Ken Cook , president of the Environmental Working Group , a non-profit environmental advocacy organization . "  Flame retardants , the chemicals in consumer products like personal care products , makeup , shampoos . It 's a very long list . " The organization 's study found an average of 232 chemicals in the cord blood of 10 babies born in late 2009 . They are chemicals found in a wide array of common household products , including shampoos and conditioners , cosmetics , plastics , shower curtains , mattresses , and electronics like computers and cell phones . Everyday plastic , toxic fears Perera and her colleagues are following the children in their study from the uterus , through birth , and up to their first several years of life . They recently published a study in the journal Pediatrics demonstrating an association between the chemicals they found in babies ' cord blood and later problems on intelligence tests and development . "  Fifteen percent of children -LSB- in our study -RSB- have at least one developmental problem , " Perera said . The amount of chemicals measured in the cord blood of the babies seems to matter . The higher the concentration , the more the IQ among children seems to dip . The study is also being conducted among pregnant women in Poland and China , and finding similar results . Gray still struggles with the idea that mercury from her blood may have been passed to her baby . "  There 's plastics , there 's mercury , there 's pesticides , " said Gray , who also is a practicing midwife . "  The things that we 're cleaning our homes with , the things we 're building our houses with . I think the sheer volume of the things we have to worry about is a little overwhelming . " Even when her son , Paxton , now more than a year old , was born healthy , Gray and her husband remained vigilant . They steer clear of any products with potentially toxic chemicals . "  Knowing that he got these chemicals from my blood , it 's really scary , " Gray said , adding : "  Paxton and all of our future generations are carrying around this burden that we do n't know what it means yet . It 's the huge sea of unknown . " CNN Medical News Producer Stephanie Smith contributed to this story .	CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta will be a witness at Tuesday 's hearing The issue was the focus of the CNN special "  Toxic America " Sen. Lautenberg of New Jersey is holding the hearing in his home state
CNN  It 's not easy being the Pope . Not only does he shepherd nearly 1 billion Catholic souls , he also leads a small but morally significant state with envoys and interests in nearly every country . As scholars like to say , the Vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries . Sometimes , as when St. John Paul II stood up to Communist Poland , the church 's moral and political clout have combined to pack a powerful punch . At other times , popes have to make a hard choice : Adopt the sharp tongue of a prophet or the discretion of a diplomat ? This Sunday in Rome , Pope Francis faced just such a dilemma . First , the back story : One hundred years ago , more than 1 million Armenians  some estimates run as high as 1.5 million  died at the hand of the Turks . Many of the victims were part of a branch of Christianity closely aligned with Catholicism . A slew of historians and at least 20 countries call the killings a "  genocide . "  A U.S. resolution to do the same has languished in Congress .  Turkish officials disagree , arguing that the deaths , while unfortunate , were part of a long-running war that witnessed casualties on all sides . For their part , previous popes had finessed the genocide question . John Paul II used the "  g " word in 2001 , but did n't dare speak it out loud . Instead , it was tucked into a document signed by the former pontiff and the head of the Armenian church , after they had celebrated Mass together . Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI called the killings "  a great evil " and "  terrible persecution " in a speech 2006 , but avoided labeling them genocide .  Benedict found other ways to tick off the Turks , initially opposing their entry into the European Union . As Pope Francis prepared to celebrate a special Mass Sunday to commemorate a century since the slaughter , Vatican watchers were divided about whether he would use the word "  genocide . " He did , but in a roundabout way , by quoting John Paul 's document . "  In the past century , our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies , " Francis said . "  The first , which is widely considered ` the first genocide of the 20th century , ' struck your own Armenian people . " The middle phrase comes directly from the document issued 14 years ago by John Paul . In citing his predecessor , Francis highlighted one of the Vatican 's chiefest concerns , especially on matters of moral import : continuity . Whether holding the line against artificial birth control , declining to ordain female priests or dealing with diplomatic tensions , it sometimes seems as if the church considers inconsistency the most unforgivable of sins . "  The Vatican and the papacy love continuity , " said the Rev. Thomas Reese , a Vatican analyst for National Catholic Reporter . If Francis had not called the Armenian killings a genocide , particularly at such a high-profile event -- the audience included Armenia 's President -- it might have been interpreted as a change in church policy , Reese said . At the same time , Francis did n't want to anger the Turks more than necessary , especially since they have become a key ally against the persecution of Christians by ISIS in the Middle East , which the Pope alluded to in his speech on Sunday . "  The fact that he quoted John Paul is a sign that he 's downplaying it , " Reese said of the Armenian murders . "  He 's telling people : There 's nothing new here . " New or not , Turkey was not happy . The nation recalled its Vatican ambassador for "  consultations " just hours after Francis ' comments , the Turkish Foreign Ministry said . Turkey also promptly summoned his counterpart , the Vatican 's ambassador , for a meeting , Turkish state broadcaster TRT reported . In a tweet Sunday , Turkey 's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu called the Pope 's use of the word "  unacceptable " and "  out of touch with both historical facts and legal basis . " "  Religious authorities are not places through which hatred and animosity are fueled by unfounded allegations , " the tweet reads . "  Hatred " and "  animosity " are not words often used to describe Pope Francis . Because he often shines a sympathetic face on the world , emphasizing mercy over judgment , it 's easy to miss the bluntness Francis brings to the bully pulpit . On matters of doctrine and diplomacy , he may be carrying on Catholic traditions , but in his willingness to engage in geopolitics and the tone that engagement often takes , this pope is decidedly different . He has helped broker a backroom detente between the United States and Cuba , and invited Israeli and Palestinian leaders for an unprecedented prayer service at the Vatican  after annoying some Israelis with an impromptu prayer at the wall that separates the West Bank from Jerusalem . But Francis has also suggested that force may be justified to stop ISIS ' slaughter of Christians , warned of the "  Mexicanization " of Argentina and said that satirists who insult religion should expect a retaliatory punch . On Monday , the Pope addressed a roomful of priests at morning Mass. . He must have heard the hubbub about his "  genocide " remark , but he encouraged his charges to speak frankly , without fear , and to bear the courage of their convictions , just as the early apostles had . "  We can not keep silent about what we have seen and heard , " Francis said . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Previous popes had finessed the question of whether the killing of 1.5 million Armenians was genocide . Because he often shines such a smiley face on the world , it can be easy to forget the bluntness Francis sometimes brings to the bully pulpit
CNN  -- Cloaked in darkness and enveloped by mist , aerialist Nik Wallenda walked across Niagara Falls on a tightrope late Friday and into the record books . It was a historic walk that observers say was in line with his appetite for the extreme and the high-wire customs of his "  Flying Wallendas " family . Pumping his fist in the air , Wallenda sprinted the last few steps on the wire . After touching down on Canadian soil , he embraced his family , grinning ear to ear . The tense 1,800-foot journey took 25 minutes , according to CNN affiliate CTV . "  I 'm extremely blessed to be where I am , " Wallenda said after stepping onto Canadian soil . Got ta watch : Tightrope stunts To abide with immigration law , he had a U.S. passport tucked in a plastic bag in his pocket during the trip , according to the affiliate . Two border guards were waiting as soon as he stepped on Canadian soil to ensure he had the correct paperwork . "  It has n't sunk in yet , " he told ABC , which broadcast the event . "  This is something that I 've played over and over in my mind for the last 20 years , and to finally be here at this point , it is very surreal . As I said as I left that wire , I 'm extremely blessed to be where I am . " Wallenda described the difficulties of dealing with the wind and heavy mist from the roaring falls . "  It 's all about the concentration , the focus , and it all goes back to the training . You know , in the middle of the wire at one point , I just started thinking about great-grandfather and paying tribute to him and all the walks that he did , " he said . His great-grandfather Karl Wallenda was killed at the age of 73 , attempting to walk between two buildings in Puerto Rico in 1978 . When asked by ABC how he planned to top the walk over Niagara Falls , Wallenda said he hopes to become the first person in the world to walk a tightrope across the Grand Canyon , in Arizona . Thousands were on hand to watch Wallenda teeter his way on the 2-inch-wide wire over Horseshoe Falls toward Canada . He wore a harness at the insistence of those sponsoring the event , officials say , despite what he said was his desire to walk without a safety rig . Nik Wallenda , 121 feet in the air : ` It 's extremely important to never let your mind wander ' Wearing a red and black rain jacket and a balance pole around his neck , Wallenda appeared calm and focused as he took small steps , gingerly placing one foot in front of the other . Wallenda , who hails from multiple generations of high-flying daredevils , had a near fall as he stumbled on a tightrope above Baltimore 's Inner Harbor earlier this year . "  It 's been a dream of mine for a long time , " Wallenda told CNN before the Niagara Falls attempt . "  I 'm one of those people who always tries to overachieve . I want to do more . I want to do bigger things . " Other daredevils have tried their luck walking over Niagara , but farther downstream and not since 1896 . More than 10 people have attempted to cross different parts of Niagara Falls , some in barrels , one on a bicycle and even one with a washing machine strapped to his back . Wallenda is the first person in recent history to cross over the actual falls , braving the thick mist and roaring waters , according to the affiliate . Nik Wallenda finishes high-wire act that killed great-grandfather CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report	NEW : Other daredevils have tried their luck , but farther downstream Next on his to-do list ? The Grand Canyon Wallenda had a near fall after stumbling on a tightrope above Baltimore 's Inner Harbor His great-grandfather was killed at the age of 73 attempting to walk between two buildings
CNN  -- Svay Pak is a poor fishing village on the outskirt of Cambodia 's capital , Phnom Penh , known globally as a destination for child sex . It 's a place where mothers sell their own daughters to child traffickers , who supply them to brothels locally and across the country . But how has such a perverse trade been able to take root , let alone flourish here ? Mark Capaldi , senior researcher for Ecpat International , an organization committed to combating the sexual exploitation of children , says several factors have made Cambodia a prime destination for child sex offenders . "  Insufficiently enforced laws , corruption , and the failure to address more overarching problems such as poverty and the negative side effects of globalization have made it a challenge for the country to shed the unenviable reputation as a destination for child sex , " he says . The authors of a 2011 Ecpat International report identified a number of cultural and sociological factors that made Cambodian children "  particularly vulnerable to adult predators . " "  It has been observed that Cambodian children are indeed expected to abide by rules set forth by adults , and saying ` no ' to an adult is not easily tolerated , " reads the report . But what of the acceptance and willing participation of so many locals , including parents themselves , in the trade ? For Don Brewster -- head of Agape International Missions , which aids Cambodian child survivors of the sex trade -- part of the answer as to why so many adults in Svay Pak are able to abnegate their parental duty to protect may lie in Cambodia 's brutal recent past , which left behind a fractured society . "  What this country went through was unique in history , " says Brewster , of the Khmer Rouge 's systematic destruction of religious , educational and social structures -- not least of which the family unit -- during its genocidal 1975-79 reign . When Pol Pot 's maniacal experiment ended , 2 million people were dead , and society 's institutions almost erased . "  You lost your educated people and the system of educating them ; you lost the moral compass that Buddhism provided , " he says .	Corruption , poverty and a bloody past have made Cambodia a child sex trade hotspot Khmer Rouge 's systematic destruction of society led to the death of 2 million in the 1970s Report : Culture plays a part as "  saying ` no ' to an adult is not easily tolerated "
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- Inside the blacked-out Taj Mahal Palace Hotel , hallways were littered with bloodied bodies . A commando in disguise give details of what went down in the Taj hotel when commandos went in . Terrorists were still holding 200 people 33 hours after the assault began . Knowing next to nothing about what they might encounter in the dark recesses of the hotel , Indian Army commandos decided to go back in -- and were met by terrorists firing mercilessly , throwing grenades and continuously switching positions . The sound of gunfire and explosions reverberated throughout the hotel 's atrium , making it impossible to pinpoint the origin of the shots . Through it all , the commandos walked down pitch-black halls , trying to navigate the damaged hotel without knowing the layout . A commando spokesman , his face and hair swathed in a black scarf and wearing dark glasses to hide his identity , revealed these details of the mission inside the Taj at a news conference Friday . At 6:30 a.m. Friday , the battle at the Taj came to a head with a final firefight at the room holding the 200 hostages , he said . Watch what it was like inside the hotel for commandos " When the gunfire stopped , commandos -- known as the Black Cats -- entered the room and freed all 200 hostages . Their difficulties had been apparent from the beginning , he said . "  We did not know the layout of the hotel , " the commando told reporters . "  There was one person on the hotel staff who was helping to guide us around . " They entered the hotel for the first time essentially blind to what was ahead . They had no idea what kind of people they would encounter , what kind of weapons might be pointed at them , and whether they might be blown up by explosives . Learn more about the Taj 's past and future " "  Then we heard gunshots on the second floor and we rushed toward the fired shots , " he said . "  While taking cover we found that there were 30 to 50 bodies lying dead . At that point we also came under fire . The moment they saw us , they hurled grenades . " When the shots stopped , the commandos moved toward the source of the gunfire . See the first photos from inside the Taj Mahal hotel " "  At that time , they vanished ... they had gone elsewhere , " the commando said . The attackers had a clear advantage , commandos said , because it was apparent from their movements they knew the hotel 's layout . Some tourists rescued from the hotel said the building 's large dome and a massive atrium made the sounds of gunfire and explosions reverberate endlessly . It was impossible to pinpoint where the shooters were . Because of the darkness , commandos could not tell how many terrorists were there -- were there many , or only a few who continued to change positions ? At one point , commandos believed some of the terrorists were hiding on the eighth floor . As the commandos approached one of the rooms , attackers opened fire at them and said all the people in the room were dead . "  We fired at them and they fired at us , but because the room was absolutely dark and we had just gotten -LSB- inside -RSB- it made it difficult for us , " the commando said . Watch commandos talk about fighting the attackers " During the fight , two commandos were shot . They decided to flush out the terrorists by blocking entry and exit routes . But the attackers knew all the doors , he said . When they made it inside the room , the terrorists had disappeared again . Inside that room , commandos found AK-47 ammunition rounds , including seven magazines fully loaded , and 400 other rounds for other weapons . They found grenades , credit cards , U.S. notes , foreign money and bags of dried fruit , which they believed helped sustain the attackers during the siege . During the three-day assault , the attackers fired indiscriminately . But the commandos were forced to use caution . "  Let me tell you one thing , " the commando said . "  Within the first exchanges of fire , we could have got those terrorists -- but there was so many hotel guests -- there were bodies all over and blood all over . And we were trying to avoid the causalities of civilians . We had to be more careful in our fighting . " In trying to rescue hostages and trapped civilians , commandos had to convince guests they were there to help , not terrorists trying to trick them , Indian Army Lt. Gen. Noble Thamburaj said . "  There are a number of rooms that are locked from inside , " he told reporters . "  It is possible that some of the hotel guests have locked themselves in and for their own security and safety . Even though we have identified ourselves they are not opening the doors . " The overall operation may have been made more difficult because of a late start , CNN sister station CNN-IBN reported . CNN-IBN said that attacks at the Taj Mahal Hotel were well under way at 9:30 p.m. Wednesday , but unnamed sources said the commandos were not given the go-ahead to take part in the rescue until midnight . Those sources told CNN-IBN said that once the commandos got the go-ahead , it took nearly three hours for them to leave for Mumbai from their undisclosed location . Once they arrived , the sources said , commandos had no precise maps of the hotel layout or its access points . While local police and other officers were at the scene , the sources said , the commandos and army special force units are the only ones equipped and trained to rescue hostages .	Disguised commando tells reporters rescuers entered unknown layout in the dark Commandos had to avoid hurting civilians , convince them they were not terrorists Attackers knew layout well , moved around frequently , commando says 33 hours after siege , commandos rescued 200 people from Taj Mahal Hotel
CNN  The Rev. Fred Craddock , the pulpit giant who was "  like no other preacher you have ever heard , " has died , his church announced . Craddock , who redefined the art of preaching , died Friday in Blue Ridge , Georgia . The cause has not been disclosed . The 86-year-old had been in declining health due to Parkinson 's disease in recent years , according to the United Methodist Reporter . "  Fred Craddock was a national treasure and a devoted servant of the church and Jesus Christ . His impact on preaching -- in terms both of scholarship and practice -- is incalculable , " said the Rev. Thomas Long , a friend and a pastor at Emory University 's Candler School of Theology . Craddock faces his toughest convert Preachers studied classic Craddock sermons such as "  Have You Heard John Preach ? " and "  Grace and Disgrace , " much like aspiring jazz musicians listened to saxophonist John Coltrane and amateur boxers studied tapes of Sugar Ray Robinson -- for clues to greatness and inspiration . Craddock elevated preaching to an art . He was often called a preaching genius . Rather than deliver a sermon like a lecture -- an intro , three main points and a conclusion -- he developed an "  inductive " conversational style of preaching . His sermons unfolded like a short story -- there was foreshadowing , plot twists , dialogue ; language of startling beauty and surprise endings . The way he ended his sermons was as memorable as what he said . He would abruptly stop , turn from the pulpit , and quietly sit as the audience sat in silence . People did n't applaud or shout hallelujah after his sermons . They were too busy absorbing what he had just said . The Rev. Barbara Brown Taylor , an author and world-renowned preacher , once said of Craddock : "  He spoke of Kierkegaard as easily as he spoke of the Indianapolis 500 . He quoted Kafka as helpfully as Corinthians ... but he was also someone who noticed a lot about ordinary human life on earth . " Craddock , who taught preaching at the Candler School of Theology until his retirement , was selected as one of the 12 most effective preachers in the English-speaking world in a poll of 341 seminary professors and editors of religious periodicals in 1996 . I had a chance to meet Craddock , as well as hear him . I spent several weeks with him in the autumn of 2011 to write a profile about his relationship with his father . He was just as impressive outside the pulpit . He would ease his rotund little body in a wooden chair and share touching stories about growing up poor in the small town of Humboldt , Tennessee , during the Depression with an alcoholic father . He 'd talk about the infirmities of old age -- I remember saying with a chuckle that "  I should have something " when referring to his bout with Parkinson 's because he was getting old . He was funny , folksy , witty and his eyes danced with glee when he told a story . Sitting in Craddock 's presence was like listening to a wise uncle or grandmother . He had courtly , Southern manners , and he gave the impression that he had all the time in the world for you . I never once heard him criticize anyone . It 's not uncommon to meet great people who , to borrow a phrase that Craddock used , have "  domestic wreckage " at home . But the Craddock family was among his biggest fans . He was married to his high school sweetheart , Nettie , for more than 50 years , and they had two children , Laura and John . Laura named her son after her father . And John , who became a CEO instead of a pastor , said his father was the most remarkable man he knew . "  I do n't care if it 's a guy on the street asking for a dollar or the president of the United States , he makes you feel as if you 're the most important person in the world when he 's talking to you , " said John Craddock . "  I won the lottery as far as great fathers go . " Over the years , I kept in contact with him . I 'd go to preaching workshops at his beloved Craddock Center , a non-profit ministry that served needy children in North Georgia , Tennessee and North Carolina . The center provides books , hot meals , storytelling and music . Perhaps Craddock saw something of himself in the kids he helped . One thing is certain : He was n't content to preach compassion . He lived that message . Craddock 's funeral will be held at 2 p.m. Monday at Cherry Log Christian Church in Blue Ridge , Georgia . People we 've lost in 2015	Fred Craddock revolutionized art of preaching Craddock was selected as one of the world 's best preachers He died Friday at 86 in Georgia
CNN  -- Bloody tribal warfare in a southwestern Libyan city this week ended on Saturday with a cease-fire , government authorities said . The clashes broke out five days ago in Sabha . It left at least 147 dead and 395 people wounded and caused damage to the city 's infrastructure . "  The city is calm and stable after the cease-fire agreement today , " Prime Minister Abdelrahim al-Kib told reporters Saturday . The government , concerned about another outbreak in fighting , warned people against inciting violence . Libya has been beset by the flood of weapons on the country 's streets and clashes between rival groups since the Moammar Gadhafi regime was toppled last year . The problem has drawn international attention . Ian Martin , head of the U.N. mission in Libya , this week addressed the fighting in Sabha . "  It is critical that the government and all sides take steps to further de-escalate the situation and address the underlying causes of this recent fighting , " Nasser al-Manaa , the Libyan transitional government spokesman , said Saturday . As Libyan doctors tend to the wounded , military forces took over the airport and other key locations in Sabha . "  The military intervention in the area is not an act of war , but it is to restore order , " Manaa said . "  They have succeeded . " Nasser al-Manaa , the Libyan transitional government spokesman , told reporters Saturday said a delegation of experts helped all sides reach the understanding that forged peace . "  Their courageous work made this agreement happen today , " he said . "  Life is back to normal . " Tribal clashes raged in the southeastern town of Kufra last month , leaving about 100 people dead .	At least 147 people died in Sabha this week The city is now "  calm and stable , " a government official said The military took over the Sabha airport Last month , fighting erupted in Kufra
CNN  -- European champions Barcelona have agreed to sell forward Bojan Krkic to Italian club Roma for $ 17.3 million . Barcelona have an option to buy back the 20-year-old for $ 18.7 million at the end of the 2012-13 season , but Luis Enrique 's Roma can override the clause if they pay the Spanish champions a further $ 40 million . Bojan 's exit follows Thursday 's announcement that the Catalan side had captured Chile winger Alexis Sanchez from Udinese . The one-cap Spain international made his Barca debut in 2007 , and scored seven times last season despite being a fringe member of Josep Guardiola 's team . Barca land Chile star Sanchez "  I want to be happy about football again . I am 20 years old and I want to continue demonstrating what I could n't here , " he told reporters on Friday after confirming the end of his 12-year stay at the Nou Camp . "  Especially this last year there has been a lack of confidence in me . I did n't get much continuity , and that hurts , but I am also aware of things and consider myself privileged to have been part of such a magnificent team . These were four great years . I take away the positive aspects . " Roma finished sixth in Serie A last season under interim coach Vincenzo Montella , the club 's former striker who replaced Claudio Ranieri as boss in February . Enrique , 41 , was appointed at the Stadio Olimpico last month after a three-year spell as coach of Barca 's B team . The former Spain international spent eight years as a player at the Nou Camp between 1996-2004 . Diego Capel has followed his national under-21 teammate Bojan in leaving Spain , with the Sevilla winger joining Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon for $ 5 million on a five-year contract . The 23-year-old became the 12th player to sign for new coach Domingos Paciencia , having helped Spain win the European U21 Championship in May . Capel made his league debut for the Andalusian club as a 16-year-old in October 2004 , and won the last of his two senior Spain caps nearly three years ago . Domingos guided Braga to the Europa League final last season , losing to Porto , and was subsequently appointed to replace Sporting 's caretaker manager Jose Couceiro -- who joined Russia 's Lokomotiv Moscow . Turkish club Galatasaray announced the signing of Brazil midfielder Felipe Melo on a season-long loan from Italian side Juventus on Friday . The 28-year-old joins Sweden striker Johan Elmander and Uruguay goalkeeper Fernando Muslera in joining the Istanbul team , now coached by former Turkey boss Fatih Terim after finishing only eighth in the domestic league last season . Galatasaray paid a loan fee of $ 2.15 million , and must deliver another $ 18.5 million to secure Melo on a permanent basis at the end of next season . Scotland striker Kenny Miller is poised to make a quick return to Britain after passing a medical with English second division team Cardiff on Friday . His former club Rangers had tried to re-sign him from Bursaspor , but the Turkish club rejected the Scottish champions ' offer . The 31-year-old scored five goals in 15 games following his move to Bursa in January on a two-and-a-half-year deal .	Barcelona sell young forward Bojan Krkic to Italian side Roma in a deal worth $ 17.3 million European champions have option to buy back 20-year-old in 2013 for $ 18.7 million Bojan 's Spain under-21 teammate Diego Capel joins Portugal 's Sporting Lisbon Turkish club Galatasaray sign Brazil midfielder Felipe Melo on loan from Italy 's Juventus
CNN  -- The challenge facing the next generation of the Chinese leadership is steering the nation as it moves from an export and investment driven economy to a more sustainable consumption-driven economy . However , such transformation will not be easy . Over the last two decades , various measures to encourage Chinese consumption had limited success . The expansion of higher education since mid-1990s was one early attempt . While a success in matriculation -- 19 % of Chinese under the age of 30 have a college degrees -- the move failed to spur consumption as families instead saved to afford university educations . A similar story can be seen in the commercialization of the housing market . Families have to save increasingly more in order to afford apartments with rising prices . Given the spotty success of Beijing policy to boost consumption , new research suggests the key may lie in tackling China 's growing divide between the rich and the poor . The government has never publicly released household-level data necessary to study this problem . To gauge the scope of the problem , my colleagues and I at China Household Finance Survey conducted a nationwide survey , interviewing a random sample of 8,438 households in China , both rural and urban . We found that China 's Gini coefficient -- a number that is widely used to measure a country 's income inequality -- is 0.61 . This number suggests a level of income inequality so high that can only be found in some of the African countries such as South Africa and Seychelles . In the U.S. , this number is 0.39 . Income inequality is the key reason for China 's low consumption rate . The rich hold the vast majority of Chinese savings . The top 10 % of households have 69 % of the total savings , and average saving rate for these households is a staggering 60 % . Conversely , about half of the Chinese households surveyed have negligible savings . Therein lies the dilemma for Beijing 's new leaders as they try to make Chinese consumers , not exports , the key driver of China 's economy . Why ? The data suggests China 's rich are already spending what they need , and pocketing most of the rest . The low savings rate of most Chinese households surveyed suggest they simply do n't have the money to spend . To move toward a consumer-based economy , therefore , raising the income -- and spending -- levels for the poor is key . Here the next generation of Chinese leadership can and should play a significant role . An effective approach to reduce the inequality and to boost consumption , however , is to shift government spending priorities away from massive infrastructure development -- roads , railroads and airports -- and toward social welfare investment and income transfer programs . Studies have shown that spending on social welfare can have a substantial effect on consumption . In the case of health insurance , each one dollar the government spends would increase consumption by $ 2.36 dollars for rural health insurance or $ 4.16 for urban employee health insurance , according to a series studies by my colleagues and I did in 2010 . Although 90 % of Chinese population is currently covered by three basic health insurance systems , benefits differ substantially across the three systems because of different levels of contributions made by the government to the insurance premiums . Government should bring up the benefit level of the rural insurance to that of urban insurance . Another important area that government can do is to establish an effective unemployment insurance system . China 's urban unemployment rate was at 8.0 % in the summer of 2012 . So far , the coverage rate of the unemployment insurance is only 30 % of that of health insurance . It also pays too little : unemployment benefit is only 17 % of the average salary compared to 47 % in the U.S. and 60 % in Germany . Given the challenges ahead , China 's new leadership should view this with some urgency : When the economy is in transition , unemployment rate will likely rise and more people will need help . China can also learn from successful programs in the developed and developing countries . Programs such as Earned Income Tax Credits of the United States help the poor who actually work . Many developing countries such as Brazil , Mexico , and India have various Conditional Cash Transfer programs that pay poor families if they keep their kids in the school . Recognizing the serious income inequality problem in China , Beijing issued a new income redistribution policy in February . The new policy moves in the right direction , but is not nearly enough . Beijing plans to raise the government spending on social welfare programs by two percentage points within next five years , from 12 % to 14 % . The comparable number in the United States is 37 % . If Chinese government wants to serious tackle the income inequality while helping boost consumption of the country , they have to work on a much larger scale . There is money on the table to support this . China 's state owned enterprises  SOEs  are tremendously profitable due to their monopoly positions but only turn in less than 10 % of those profits to the government . Beijing runs a budget deficit of only 1 % of its GDP . According to the new plan , Beijing will demand five percentage points more of the share of the profits from SOEs . That 's not enough . If Beijing doubles its budget deficit  still very low relative to most developed countries  and boosts revenue from SOEs on social welfare programs and income transfers , China would spend at similar percentage as the U.S. and inequality may be reduced to a similar rate . If the government creates a stronger social safety net for its citizens , Chinese workers will feel less pressure to save for health emergencies , unemployment and retirement , and more likely to buy goods and services -- and create a mature consumer-driven economy . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Li Gan .	Gan : China 's plans to boost social welfare spending do n't go far enough Key challenge for China 's leaders is moving to a consumption-driven economy Measures to encourage Chinese consumption have had limited success Research shows top 10 % of Chinese households garnered 57 % of total income
CNN  -- The grizzly bear that attacked and killed a man in Yellowstone National Park acted in defense , park officials said on Thursday , adding that they have no plans to kill the bear . The female grizzly attacked a hiker and his wife around 11 a.m. Wednesday after the couple surprised the mother with her cubs , they said . The victim , Brian Matayoshi , 57 , died at the scene . His wife , Marylyn , escaped the attack without injuries . Park officials were adamant that the bear 's reaction was defensive and that the park does not have plans to track down and kill the bear . "  This bear is not marked in any way and has never been involved in another conflict in the area , " said wildlife biologist Kerry Gunther . "  We average only one injury per year and they are usually not repeat occurrences by the same bear . ... it was not predatory and we see no reason to take action against the bear . " Park Superintendent Dan Wenk said all signs indicated the Matayoshis did everything right . "  Upon seeing the bear , they began to back down the trail and when they turned to check , the bear was in full charge towards them , " Wenk said . Wenk said the bear "  impacted " Matayoshi while his wife took cover behind a fallen tree . The bear approached Matayoshi 's wife , lifted her off the ground , and then dropped her . She played dead and the bear left , Wenk said . Marylyn Matayoshi 's cries for help alerted other hikers in the area , who called 911 . Park rangers arrived at the scene about 15 minutes later . Brian Matayoshi had claw and bite marks from the attack . Rangers confirmed that he was dead when they arrived on the scene , Wenk said . Wednesday 's attack occurred along the Wapiti Lake Trail in the back country of the park , in northwestern Wyoming . All trails that feed into South Rim Drive , where the incident occurred , will remain closed until park officials determine it is safe to reopen them . Gunther said hair and DNA samples were collected from the scene so that if another incident occurs they will know if the same bear was involved . There are more than 600 bears in Yellowstone ecosystem , according to park officials . Wenk said bears have been very visible to park visitors this year but that park officials rely on reports from hikers to determine how many bears are in the back country of the park . Bear attacks are extremely rare -- Wednesday 's attack is the first time a human has been killed by a bear in the park since 1986 , according to a park press release . This was the Matayoshis ' fourth visit to Yellowstone , Wenk said . They had previously hiked the trails and never encountered a bear . A warning sign was posted at the head of the trail because of known bear activity along access points . Wenk advised visitors to familiarize themselves with bear safety and protocol before they begin hiking . "  I advise visitors to make themselves aware of the inherent danger if they go into the back country of Yellowstone and to avail themselves of the safety information available to them , " he said .	NEW : Park officials have no plans to kill the bear , saying it was "  not predatory " Brian Matayoshi , 57 , was killed while hiking with his wife The couple surprised the grizzly and her cubs , Yellowstone Park officials say The incident is the first bear-caused human fatality in Yellowstone since 1986
TALLINN , Estonia  Reuters  -- An Estonian man who was caught driving a car even though he is blind has been at it again , police said on Monday , and this time he faces jail . Police first arrested the man , 20 , a week ago . "  We arrested the same blind man driving his car again on Saturday in the town of Torvandi , near Tartu  in southern Estonia  , " said Marge Kohtla , a spokeswoman for Tartu police district . "  He was drunk . There were three people in the car with him giving him instructions . " She said police wanted the court to jail the man for 30 days and confiscate his car . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Blind Estonian man arrested by police for a second time for driving a car Man was drunk , passengers were giving him instructions , spokeswoman says Police want to confiscate his car and jail him for 30 days
Clarksdale , Mississippi  CNN  -- The soul man howled into the microphone , his voice busting through the ceiling of the dimly lit Mississippi juke joint . He sang of love and sex , cheating scoundrels and lying fools . " ... Doin ' the booooom booooom ! ... " He danced , he grooved . At times , his voice hit notes so high , the walls of the ramshackle place shook . "  Cat got lungs ! " shouted one in the small crowd . Soul wannabes enter juke joints with caution : Stabbings and flat-out beatings have befallen artists who do n't meet expectations . Yet on this night , not far from the fabled crossroads where , according to legend , bluesman Robert Johnson gained guitar mastery in exchange for his immortal soul , there was a most unexpected surprise : A Massachusetts Yankee tore it up at one of the toughest joints in the Mississippi Delta . Eli "  Paperboy " Reed sang for more than three hours for an audience of no more than 15 . Men named Red , Bubba and Sledge nodded with approval . And word on the street was out : Been a long time since somebody like the Paperboy has come through ! It 's been more than 18 months since that performance . The Paperboy is now hitting the big stage . Signed by Capitol Records last year , he and his band , the True Loves , released their first album under a major label last week . The album , "  Come and Get It , " combines soul-ratcheting spunk with 1960s-style ballads . At its core is an age-old R&B tradition : lyrics of love and being driven wild by women . When he hits stride , Reed unleashes raw sexual energy through deep-bellied hollers , explosive bursts from his band and auctioneer-like rapidity . " ... There 's gon na be an explosion , baby . Gon na be a - , gon na be a - , gon na be a - ... Owwwwwwwwwwwwwww !!! ... " Kicked back in his apartment in Brooklyn , the 26-year-old Reed laughs about how far he 's come . "  There was a lot of very lucky coincidences that I fell into , " he says . And he 's got big-time backing . Mike Elizondo , who has produced stars like Eminem , Dr. Dre and 50 Cent , is the producer for "  Come and Get It . " While Elizondo is best known for his hip-hop music production , he is ecstatic about this new gig . He first heard of Reed from a business partner about two years ago and then watched him on YouTube . "  My jaw was on the floor . " "  I played it for Justin Timberlake and a couple other people . I was like , ` Dude , you 've got ta check this kid out . ' " Blues , gospel and the ` strange cat ' The son of a former music critic , Reed got into music at an early age . By the time he was 13 , he was practicing the harmonica eight hours a day . He 'd cut up around the house with his father , who strummed the guitar while his son belted out . In high school , instead of poring over algebra books , Reed studied the likes of Sam Cooke and other R&B greats , listening to their tone , as well as the heart and soul they put into their music . He played saxophone and guitar in a jazz band in high school . When he performed , he wore his grandfather 's hat , and soon got dubbed "  Paperboy " for his 1950s newsboy looks . The name stuck . Shortly after high school graduation , at the age of 18 , the Jewish kid from Brookline , Massachusetts , set out from his parents ' home to the heart of the nation 's blues country . He was heading to the Mississippi Delta to work for a jumpstart blues radio station . But shortly after he arrived , his partner went broke . He was soon on stage at local juke joints , fronting a band and playing four hours a night . "  I found myself thrust into it from the word go , playing all the time , " he says . "  I pretty much immersed myself in this culture 24 hours a day . " He stayed in Mississippi for about a year before heading to the University of Chicago . But his real education was n't at the university ; it came on the South Side , where he teamed up with gospel singer Mitty Collier and began singing at her church . He says his skin color -- he was often the only white guy performing for crowds in Mississippi and Chicago -- was never a hindrance . In fact , he says , African-Americans often respected him more than whites did . "  Once people see that you 're enthusiastic and love the music and that I could sing ... everybody was very forgiving of it . " At juke joints , he says , the audiences were working-class folks "  just there to have a good time . " They never got out of hand with him or the band , he pauses , "  unless they 're really drunk . " When he gets a chance , he still goes back to Red 's , the first juke joint he ever played in Clarksdale . Along the way , Reed has picked up fans from Natasha Bedingfield to Nick Lowe to Daryl Hall of Hall & Oates . Earlier this year , Hall had Reed perform on his Web show "  Live from Daryl 's House , " where musicians play along with Hall at his place in New York . Hall ranks Reed in the top 5 of those who have played on his show . "  I look for unique people and I look for really talented people , and he fits that bill all the way , " Hall says . "  The guy is a strange throwback of the time , but he does n't do it like an Elvis impersonator . He 's the real thing . " Reed has since traded in his paperboy hat for a pompadour . His outfits now more resemble characters out of the hit TV show "  Mad Men . " Hall says he was so stunned by Reed 's looks that he pulled out pictures from his youth to show the budding musician . "  He was dressed in almost identical clothing as me , " Hall says , laughing . "  He 's a strange cat . " But , he adds , of Reed 's authentic style : "  I do n't know how he does it , to tell you the truth . He 's a musical time traveler . " Producer Elizondo agrees . "  He 's doing something that nobody his age is doing . " The new album -- with most of its songs written by Reed -- was recorded live in Boston over 12 days . Six days were spent tracking the rhythm section , and another six days to track the band 's horns and strings . "  Sonically , it stands up to anything that 's out there , " Elizondo says . Like everything in the music business , the verdict is still out on if Reed catches on in the mainstream . To that end , Hall says that "  there is no mainstream that matters " anymore . "  It 's all about enthusiasm and fanaticism to your particular thing , " Hall says . "  And that 's more important than being mainstream . It always was , really . " And there 's no doubt about Reed 's soul . Hall and Elizondo say his audience will grow at the grass-roots level as more and more people hear his stuff . When they see him live , Elizondo says , "  it 'll be a party from beginning to end . " Boston Red Sox fans will get their first taste of that next Tuesday , when Reed sings the national anthem at Fenway Park .	Eli "  Paperboy " Reed released his first album under a major label last week Reed learned to sing in juke joints and gospel churches Album 's producer helped bring stars Eminem and Dr. Dre to the world "  I played it for Justin Timberlake . ... I was like , ` Dude , you 've got ta check this kid out ' "
CNN  -- Two historic cottages in Georgia -- including one that served as a home to Franklin Roosevelt before he became president -- were destroyed by fire Tuesday morning , authorities said . The cause of the fire remained unknown Tuesday , but authorities said it may have been the result of a storm and lightning in the area . The so-called McCarthy Cottage and the E.T. Curtis Cottage in Warm Springs were discovered burning around 5:30 a.m. by an employee who lives near the property , according to a news release from the Georgia Department of Labor . The McCarthy Cottage was the first home built by Roosevelt in Warm Springs , who started traveling to the area in 1924 seeking a solution for his polio , said Georgia Labor Commissioner Mark Butler The E.T. Curtis cottage was built in 1928 and was adjacent to the McCarthy Cottage . The cottages were part of the Georgia Department of Labor 's Roosevelt Warm Springs Institute for Rehabilitation . The state assumed ownership of Roosevelt 's treatment center in 1974 , according to state officials . Butler said the nation has experienced a great loss with the burning of McCarthy cottage . "  Because President Roosevelt resided there for four years , the McCarthy cottage was the cottage of most historical value . " Roosevelt lived in the cottage until 1932 when he moved to the Little White House , also in Warm Springs .	Authorities think lightning from a storm may have sparked the fire FDR lived in one of the cottages for four years before he became president
Dunlap , California  CNN  -- Even if his daughter was fearless , Paul Hanson was not . He supported Dianna 's lifelong love of big cats , as well as her single-minded mission to work with them . Yet despite her assurances , he worried . His nightmare came true Wednesday , when a 350-pound African lion killed Dianna Hanson at Project Survival 's Cat Haven in Dunlap , California , where she was working as an intern . "  I always had a premonition that someday I would get a call like this , " her father said Thursday . "  But I just thought it would be much further in the future than 24 . " That 's how old the Seattle native was when the lion opened the gate of a pen at the big cat sanctuary , then moved into a larger enclosure , according to the local coroner . Dianna Hanson was cleaning the enclosure the two lions had been in not long before , Fresno County coroner Dr. David Hadden said , citing investigators . Somehow , one of those animals -- a 5-year-old lion named Cous Cous -- escaped and attacked her . Watch video of the lion from 2012 "  Hanson  died very quickly and did not suffer , " Hadden said . A preliminary autopsy showed Hanson died of a "  broken neck and other neck injuries , " according to the coroner . The animal inflicted other injuries "  post-mortem . " Paul Hanson , told CNN 's Erin Burnett he had been told that his daughter was n't mauled , saying she had no blood , "  no rips or gashes . " He and his family are grieving , taking comfort in the fact that Dianna Hanson died doing what she loved -- taking care of big cats such as Cous Cous . Looking back at photos Dianna had posted on Facebook over the past two months , when she 'd begun working at the expansive northern California facility , Paul Hanson said he and his wife agreed that this was the happiest they 'd ever seen her . "  And that 's the only way I can bear this , " he said . "  Because this was her dream . She was living her dream . " Death devastates those at big cat sanctuary When she was 6 or 7 , Dianna Hanson was convinced she 'd someday go to Siberia to study Siberian snow tigers . Her obsession with them and , eventually , other big cats never left her , according to her father . Her first hands-on experience with such animals came while a student at Western Washington University in Bellingham , where she helped take care of lions and tigers owned by a family there . The six-month internship at Cat Haven was her big break -- her ticket , she hoped , to getting a full-time job at a zoo . Paul Hanson said that his daughter was impressed with everything about what she considered "  a very safe , well-run place " where the animals got far more room to roam than at most zoos . "  She was just really impressed with the way it was laid out and organized , " he said . "  There was never any question of safety in her mind or any mismanagement . " Cat Haven 's founder , Dale Anderson , said the facility has been "  incident-free " since it opened in 1998 . And Dianna Hanson quickly became part of the "  family , " lightening the load and brightening the mood wherever she went , recalled the non-profit 's president , Wendy Debbas . She gave the animals songs -- for a jaguar named Samba it was "  La Samba , " to the tune of "  La Bamba , " while another named Rose had "  Kissed by a Rose . " "  She made instant friendships with everybody up here , " Debbas said . "  Everybody loved her . " They do n't -- at least now , at least publicly -- have an explanation as to what happened to her . The Fresno County Sheriff 's Office said that when the lion attacked , another employee at the sanctuary tried to distract him away from Hanson and move him into another enclosure . "  But all attempts failed , " the office said . A sheriff 's deputy shot and killed the animal to reach Hanson and give her medical assistance . However , it was too late . "  Our whole staff is ... it 's just , it 's devastating , " Anderson said Thursday , choking back tears . ` They are wild animals , end of story ' The autopsy finding on Hanson will be reviewed by a veterinarian at the California Department of Fish and Wildlife , which is conducting the necropsy on the lion . "  Fish and Wildlife has trained our officers in California to recognize a lion kill due to our abundance of mountain lions , " Hadden said , noting that the coordination between the two camps follows a protocol set up in case of a mountain lion attack . "  We never in our wildest imagination thought it would be an African lion . " Fatal lion maulings are rare in the United States , though not unprecedented . Twenty people , including five children , have been killed by big cats in the United States in the past 21 years , according to figures kept by Big Cat Rescue , a nonprofit cat sanctuary in Tampa , Florida . Another 246 people were mauled in the United States during that same time period , 1990 to 2011 , the group said . Leopard killed after mauling six in India The attacking lion , Cous Cous , was one of Dianna Hanson 's favorites , according to her father . The lion was also a celebrity of sorts , having appeared on Ellen DeGeneres ' television show when he was about 3 months old . That said , noted animal expert Jack Hanna said any big cat can be unpredictable in the way it reacts to what it sees or hears . "  They are wild animals , end of story , " he said . "  No matter what anyone says , they are wild animals . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands reported from California , Cristy Lenz reported from Atlanta , and Greg Botelho wrote the story . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim 's father says he had "  premonition ... I would get a call like this , " just not so soon NEW : "  Everybody loved " Dianna Hanson at the big cat sanctuary , an official there says The lion opened a gate and got into a main enclosure , killing the woman , the coroner says The intern killed by the lion died of a "  broken neck " and "  did not suffer , " he adds
CNN  -- It happens every so often : A military sexual assault scandal hits the headlines . Most recently , an Air Force general decided to pardon an officer convicted of rape . Then came revelations that not one but two of the service members that the military assigned to prevent sex abuse are under investigation for perpetrating it . And in light of a new Pentagon report estimating the number of military sexual assaults at 26,000 a year -- about half of them against men -- this time around , even many in the military community agree there is a problem that wo n't go away and ca n't be ignored . Congress is reacting , as it often does to headlines , by proposing reforms . But the current crop of ideas misses the mark . Sergeant trained to protect victims faces sexual assault allegations The bills primarily propose changes to a commander 's authority to start or control cases in the military criminal justice system . But courts martial , with their due process and proof beyond a reasonable doubt , will always be too rare to make a difference . What changed the face of civilian employment was a civil legal approach -- sexual harassment law -- that made it cost money when employees are assaulted . This approach should n't be sidelined in addressing the military sexual assault problem . The civil legal system reaches people who probably wo n't see a criminal prosecution . It reaches people such as Joseph Oncale , who was sexually assaulted by several co-workers on an offshore oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico . It reaches people such as Mechelle Vinson , who was 19 when she started work at a bank and the manager demanded that she sleep with him . The civil legal solution gives voice to workers who are not that different from the military members who face a command gone wrong : People working long hours , with few options , sometimes living at work , sometimes immigrants with nowhere else to go . The civil system balances workers ' needs against legitimate business concerns -- to give managers authority -- by making the employer pay if managers abuse that authority . The employer has an economic incentive to make sure that does n't happen . After officer charged in sex assault , military faces questions This law changed what people thought was right . A friend told me that in the 1960s , a teacher told her she needed to sleep with him to pass . She said : "  We just called that life . " Now , in the civilian world , it 's called sexual harassment , and it 's illegal . The military has n't had the benefit of that change . Civilian judges  not Congress , and not the military  made up special military immunities , loosely called the Feres doctrine , to block it . It 's time to overrule them . The civil legal approach can nip problems in the bud . It can stop a predator who is testing the waters or change a command environment that has lost sight of the need to treat all of its personnel professionally . If service members had the same rights as other employees to bring civil lawsuits , victims would have direct power to challenge abuses of authority . They would not have to wait for government officials to take up their case , and they might not have to wait until something as horrific as a criminal rape happened to them . Military rape victims : Stop blaming us But does n't sexual harassment mean policing petty slights and awkward jokes ? That 's a myth . Even in the civilian workplace , to win you have to show behavior that is severe or pervasive to the objective observer -- something so serious or so frequent that it significantly alters working conditions . The military is not the civilian workplace , and its unique needs have to be considered carefully in any reform , whether criminal or civil . Civil actions are , after all , potentially less disruptive than outside prosecutors and anonymous tips . What happens next should come from a partnership between the uniformed services and civilian experts . But it should look more broadly at solutions that go beyond the latest scandal . Of course , some people think it would be unfair to make the military change . Boys will be boys , the thinking goes . When I joined the military , many of my contemporaries cringed , fearing the worst , but they were wrong : The men I served with met the highest standards of professionalism . To expect anything less is to undersell our men , and women , in uniform . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maia Goodell .	Recently , two military sexual assault scandals hit the headlines Maia Goodell : Congress should look beyond the military criminal justice system She says the military should use civil legal solution on sexual assault cases Goodell : If service members can file civil lawsuits , victims can directly challenge abuser
CNN  -- In West Africa , the bodybuilder is a popular subject for photographers . Since the 1950s , the musclemen have peered out from stark images , symbols of "  strength , power , pride and status , " in the words of gallery owner Jack Bell . In the photographs of Leonce Raphael Agbodjelou , the image goes deeper . Leonce , who 's based in Porto-Novo , Benin , did a series of photographs called "  Musclemen " in which he showcases the local bodybuilders . In one photo , a fit , smiling man holds ... plastic flowers . In another , three men pose together , all with bouquets . That 's not all : The men pose in colorful , patterned pants and in front of equally dazzling backdrops . In fact , in picture after picture , the strength of the musclemen is contrasted with the delicacy of the flowers -- a traditional way to show style and taste , according to the artist -- and the boldness of the fabric colors . It creates a vibrant , even impish twist on conventional strongman photographs . That 's deliberate , says Bell . "  Benin is all about color -- Porto Novo is like a visual assault , " he says in an email on behalf of his client .  Leonce does not speak English .  "  The images are straight out of urban market scenes and the hurly burly of bars , street stalls and traffic jams . Leonce is part of a generation experiencing rapid change and his photographs capture this energy and unfettered zest for life . " Leonce comes to photography naturally . His father was a renowned artist , Joseph Moise Agbodjelou , who opened a studio in Porto-Novo , Benin 's capital , in 1960 . Leonce Agbodjelou has continued the family business and is also the founder and director of Benin 's first photographic school . The bodybuilders are only one of his subjects . He has an ongoing project to photograph a variety of Porto-Novo 's citizens . "  Agbodjelou interprets the experience of a generation caught between tradition and progress . His studio has become a crossroads for Porto-Novo 's diverse population , " says Bell , who found out about the artist while traveling in Benin and Mali in 2010 . "  The photographer 's studio is , like the hairdressing salons of Porto-Novo , a meeting place for a diverse demographic and a site of exchange , " he says . Father and son have their differences , Bell observes . "  Joseph Moise shot in black and white using a 6 x 6 Rollieflex . Leonce 's use of vibrant color in his portraiture was a new development . It lent itself well to the young artist 's enquiries into voodoo and the mystical in West Africa and Benin 's colonial history , " he says . Leonce Raphael Agbodjelou is an African photographer based in Porto-Novo .	Photographer Leonce Raphael Agbodjelou took portraits of West African bodybuilders Leonce 's studio has become a crossroads for Benin 's people View high-resolution photos of Agbodjelou 's Musclemen series
CNN  -- Tearful relatives sent messages of love and concern Wednesday night to a 12-year-old girl who authorities believe was abducted by the boyfriend of her dead mother . Virginia police said earlier that someone may be helping Jeffrey Scott Easley , 32 , subject of a felony abduction warrant in the case of Brittany Mae Smith . Police are "  still actively searching " for Brittany , and believe she and the suspect may be camping in the region , Roanoke County Police Chief Ray Lavinder told reporters . More than 375 tips have come in . "  I prayed for you everyday since I found out you were gone and will continue to pray until you are found and returned to us , " Brittany 's cousin , Kim Stephenson , said at an evening press conference . Brittany is believed to be with Easley , who met the girl 's mother on the internet , authorities said . They do not know if Brittany went with Easley willingly . The pair may be seeking refuge in another state , the chief said . "  As to what relationship Jeff Easley and Brittany may have between them is irrelevant , " Lavinder said . "  With a child , consent is irrelevant in the eyes of the law . She is a victim . " Authorities provided images of two tattoos , including a red star , Easley is believed to have . Authorities also showed an image of a blue dome tent they believe Easley purchased December 3 at a local Walmart . Easley and Brittany are believed to have bought several other items at a Salem , Virginia , Walmart before they disappeared . Lavinder said the key is finding a silver 2005 Dodge Neon four-door sedan with Virginia tag XKF-2365 that belonged to the girl 's dead mother . "  For someone just to drop off the face of the earth -- I think that someone has to be providing them some money or some other support for them to remain unlocated , " Lavinder said Wednesday . Authorities launched a search for the seventh-grader Monday after officers found the body of Brittany 's mother , Tina Smith , 41 , inside the family 's Salem home . Tina Smith 's co-workers contacted police after the woman failed to show up for work Monday morning . Smith 's death is being investigated as a homicide , Roanoke County spokeswoman Teresa Hall told HLN Wednesday . She would not provide details of an autopsy . Lavinder asked Easley to safely return Brittany so that she could attend Tina Smith 's funeral . "  I thinks it 's important that she be able to say goodbye to her mother , " he said . Police are examining social media sites that may have been used by Easley and Tina Smith . A friend of Brittany Smith told the Roanoke Times that the missing girl called her several weeks ago . Brittany was afraid her mother 's live-in boyfriend "  would come over and take her away and hurt her mom , " Rebecca Kilian , 13 , told the Times on Tuesday . Kilian told the Times that Brittany asked her to stay on the phone until her mom got home . Virginia State Police are working with North Carolina , Alabama , West Virginia , Kentucky , Ohio and Florida to issue alerts in their states for the missing vehicle and Easley and Brittany Smith , authorities said . Police are "  confident " that the girl is with Easley , Lavinder said . He described Easley as a "  friend of the family " who "  developed a relationship " with her . Easley moved in with Smith and her daughter in October , the chief said . After finding Tina Smith 's body , police soon got information that Brittany Smith 's whereabouts were unknown , leading them to issue the statewide alert . "  We found out pretty quickly that  Brittany  had not shown up for school . Nobody seemed to know where she was , " said Roanoke County Police Lt. Chuck Mason Monday , according to CNN affiliate WSET of Lynchburg , Virginia , adding that police were concerned her disappearance "  has something to do with the homicide . " Easley , a 265-pound white male , is 5 feet , 11 inches tall , has brown hair and hazel eyes , the Amber Alert says . Brittany Smith is 5 feet tall , weighs 100 pounds , and has straight brown hair and brown eyes . Hall said authorities do n't yet have a specific search area , as they are uncertain which direction Easley might be heading or how far he might have gotten . They have asked anyone with information to call 911 or Roanoke County police at 540-777-8641 .	NEW : Relatives plead for girl to come home Police release photos of a blue tent , tattoos A felony abduction warrant is issued for Jeffrey Scott Easley The death of the girl 's mother is considered a homicide
Boston  CNN  The defense in the trial of Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev rested Tuesday afternoon after presenting only four witnesses . Closing arguments are scheduled for Monday . The defense case lasted less than two days , while the prosecution presented more than 90 witnesses over the course of a month . Federal prosecutors rested their case Monday with grisly testimony about how the bomb Dzhokhar Tsarnaev placed near the marathon 's finish line tore through the bodies of 8-year-old Martin Richard and Lingzi Lu , a 23-year-old grad student . A second bomb placed by Tsarnaev 's brother , Tamerlan , killed Krystle Campbell , a 29-year-old restaurant manager . The short presentation in the sensational trial was n't surprising , given that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's attorney , Judy Clarke , acknowledged during opening statements that "  it was him , " referring to her client 's culpability . Testimony ended with an FBI fingerprint investigator who talked about numerous pieces of evidence with Tamerlan 's fingerprints and not Dzhokhar 's . Earlier , a computer expert testified about computer searches on Tamerlan 's computer -- including gun stores , transmitters , fireworks firing system , detonator and Boston Marathon -- in the weeks before the bombing . Similar searches were not found on Dzhokhar 's computer . Jurors first will be asked to determine whether Tsarnaev is guilty of 30 counts . Because 17 of those counts carry the death penalty as a possible punishment , a second phase of the trial will follow if the jury convicts him . In the penalty phase , jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors , such as the heinousness of the crime , versus mitigating factors , such as Tsarnaev 's family history and his youth . He was 19 at the time of the bombings . The defense , which began calling witnesses Monday afternoon , has argued that Tsarnaev , known to friends as Jahar , fell under the sway of his more extremist older brother after their parents moved back to Russia . Jahar Tsarnaev was flunking out of the University of Massachusetts and had lost his financial aid at the time of the bombings . Prosecutors William Weinreb , Aloke Chakravarty , Nadine Pellegrini and Steve Mellin presented witnesses who told the story of Tsarnaev 's alleged scheme with Tamerlan to build and detonate pressure cooker bombs as an act of jihad . The brothers , Muslims of Chechen descent , allegedly sought to kill Americans at an iconic public event to retaliate against U.S. policies they believed harmed and oppressed Muslims abroad . Prosecutors delved into Tsarnaev 's text messages and Twitter posts and showed jurors militant material found in his laptop , phone and iPod . They included writings available online from top leaders of al Qaeda . They used data mined from a GPS device and store receipts to trace the purchase of the pressure cookers , BBs and ammunition . Jurors saw photos of pressure cooker parts , fuses , Christmas lights and other bombmaking materials found in the Tsarnaev family 's Cambridge apartment , where Tamerlan lived with his wife and child . And they showed security surveillance videos of the brothers in the crowd near the finish line : In one , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev can be seen blending in with the crowd behind the Richard family for four minutes . He appears to slide a backpack off his shoulder near a tree and walk off , glancing over his shoulder . He broke into a run as the bomb went off . After the surveillance photos were released to the public three days after the bombing , the brothers allegedly embarked on a desperate -- and deadly -- attempt to escape . Jurors heard from carjacking victim Dun Meng and saw the brothers on convenience store surveillance video shortly before Meng 's escape . He can be seen jumping out of his leased Mercedes SUV at a gas pump and running across the screen as Dzhokhar Tsarnaev casually strolls through the store , picking up an armload of snacks . Prosecutors also used ballistic evidence to link the brothers to the shooting of a campus cop at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a gunbattle with police in Watertown . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , died as a result of that gunbattle . The defendant , allegedly attempting to run down police , instead ran over his brother in the stolen Mercedes . Jurors also viewed a boat in which Dzhokhar Tsarnaev sought refuge during the ensuing manhunt , which put Boston under a "  shelter in place " lockdown . He used a pencil to scrawl what prosecutors called his "  manifesto " on the sides of the boat . It was pocked with bullet holes and streaked with blood . He wrote he was jealous that his brother had achieved paradise by dying like a holy warrior in the gunbattle with police . He asked God to make him a martyr , too . Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty , although his attorneys do not dispute that he participated in the bombings . Clarke asked jurors in her opening statement to keep their minds open to an alternative explanation . The defense began its case with two witnesses called to offer scenarios that differ from the version of events offered by FBI witnesses . One focused on the the defendant 's Twitter posts a year before the marathon , including mundane matters such as whether he should sleep in or get breakfast . Another challenged the way the FBI used GPS points and store receipts to document the purchase of pressure cookers , BBs and ammunition -- allegedly by Tamerlan Tsarnaev . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this story .	Defense in trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev rested after less than three days Prosecution presented more than 90 witnesses over the course of a month
CNN  -- The Pakistan Taliban have voted to elect Asmatullah Shaheen , who is on Pakistan 's most wanted list , as their interim head , according to an official for the group . The move comes after former chief Hakimullah Mehsud was killed in a U.S. drone strike on Friday . The group , also known as Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan , will not be making an announcement on a new permanent leader for several more days , according to Azam Tariq , a member of the Pakistan Taliban 's Shura Council , their centralized decision-making body . . Meanwhile , the U.S. ambassador to Islamabad was summoned to Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry on Saturday . Foreign Ministry spokesman Aizaz Ahmed Chaudhry did not explain why the envoy was summoned . A U.S. State Department official confirmed the meeting to CNN but would not disclose details about it . The State Department official would not discuss U.S. operations in Pakistan but pointed to the Pakistan Taliban 's 2009 attack on a U.S. base in Afghanistan and claims of responsibility for a failed attempt to bomb Times Square in New York . The official was not authorized to speak publicly and is not being named by CNN . Afghan President criticizes U.S. drone strike that killed Pakistani Taliban leader Pakistan : Peace talks will go ahead Pakistani Information Minister Pervez Rasheed insisted that Mehsud 's death would not delay proposed peace talks between the government and the Pakistan Taliban , amid concern that anger about the strike might derail the process . Rasheed condemned the use of drones in Pakistan . "  Drones are used for killing , but they will not let the peace process be killed with it , " the minister told reporters . Mehsud , who had a $ 5 million U.S. bounty on his head for his alleged involvement in the 2009 attack , was killed in a drone strike in northwestern Pakistan , senior U.S. and Pakistani officials told CNN . He was buried overnight , though the body was burned beyond recognition , Taliban sources said . The Afghan Taliban condemned the drone strike as "  cowardly " and "  barbaric " in a statement posted on their website Saturday , the SITE intelligence group said . The statement urged the Pakistani government and people to take measures to stop the attacks . Pakistan braces for reprisals There are fears the killing of Mehsud may spark a surge in violence . This is in part because the attack in Afghanistan in 2009 -- in which seven U.S. citizens died -- was launched in response to a strike that killed another Taliban leader , Baitullah Mehsud , four months earlier . The Haqqani Network , designated by the United States as a terrorist organization , vowed to avenge Hakimullah Mehsud 's death . Spokesman Ahmed Yousaf said the group will launch attacks within a few days . The network is blamed for more than 1,000 U.S. casualties in Afghanistan . Security around Peshawar , the capital city of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in northwest Pakistan , is being beefed up as police and security brace for reprisal attacks , Home Secretary Akhtar Ali Shah said . "  Since this drone strike , we are waiting for a reaction , " he said . "  We know the reaction will be strong . We have strengthened security in Peshawar , especially at the entry points into the city . We have extra security on patrol with sniffer dogs . " Pakistan summons U.S. envoy after death of Pakistan Taliban leader Strike hit Taliban stronghold Three other people were killed in Friday 's strike , Pakistani intelligence sources and tribal officials said . They described the incident as a suspected U.S. drone strike in a remote area of Pakistan 's North Waziristan region , a Taliban stronghold bordering Afghanistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . One missile hit a compound and another struck a car nearby , the Pakistani sources said . This is not the first time Hakimullah Mehsud -- who took the reins of the Pakistan Taliban in 2009 -- has been reported killed after a drone strike . In February 2010 , multiple sources said he had died after being hit in a drone strike in Pakistan a month earlier . But reports that he was alive surfaced in April of that year , and in May 2010 he appeared in a video in which he vowed attacks on major U.S. cities . The fact that senior Pakistani government officials have commented so quickly on the news of his death this time adds credence to the reports . Pakistan Taliban claimed Times Square plot The Pakistan Taliban , who have long been conducting an insurgency against the Pakistani government , claimed responsibility for the December 2009 suicide bombing at the United States ' Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost , Afghanistan . Five CIA officers were among the seven U.S. citizens killed , and a member of Jordanian intelligence also died . The U.S. Justice Department charged Hakimullah Mehsud in the summer of 2010 for his alleged involvement in the attack , and U.S. officials offered a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture . The group also claimed responsibility for a failed May 2010 attempt to detonate a car bomb in New York 's Times Square . The following September , the U.S. State Department designated the Pakistan Taliban a foreign terrorist organization . Mehsud took over from Baitullah Mehsud , a fellow clan member , in 2009 after the latter was killed in a U.S. drone strike . Peace prospects Hakimullah Mehsud 's death could make progress in proposed peace talks between the Pakistani government and Pakistan Taliban more difficult . A relatively young and charismatic leader , he held together a disparate group with different tribal and other allegiances . There had reportedly been talks about him being involved in peace talks with Pakistan 's government . His killing may upset some elements within the Pakistan Taliban if they believe that the Pakistani government was involved . The Pakistan Taliban could also pose an increased security threat if they splinter into smaller groups , which could be harder for security forces to detect . There has been a series of suicide bombings in the region over the past couple of years . CNN 's Shaista Aziz , David Simpson and Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report .	New interim leader selected by Pakistan Taliban Former leader Hakimullah Mehsud was killed in a U.S. drone strike on Friday A permanent leader will not be announced for several more days , spokesman says
Washington  CNN  -- Feeding the hungry is the mission at Manna Food Center , a food bank in the suburbs of the nation 's capital . This year , officials here are seeing more and more people who need their help . America 's slow recovery from the worst economic crisis in decades has left families across the country struggling to put food on their tables , whether or not they have a job . With an unemployment rate stuck above 9 percent and millions of people working part-time jobs because they can not find full-time positions , a record 45.8 million people -- one of every seven -- received food stamps from the government in May . Demand for this kind of federal help has risen in all 50 states . Manna helps people who get food stamps and thousands of others who do not qualify for them . The center says the number of people it serves has risen dramatically in recent years -- from 82,683 in fiscal year 2008 to 172,627 people in 2011 . On a recent Friday morning , trucks arrived at the warehouse to drop off food the organization rescues from 40 area grocery stores , items that are reaching their sell-by dates but are still safe to eat . Volunteers worked to retrieve the deliveries from the loading docks , while others went from shelf to shelf filling boxes with goods or helping wheel them out to clients ' cars . In the office , people began lining up around noon to receive the 70 pounds of fresh produce , canned goods and other items Manna hands out to each family every 30 days . Old and young . White , black and Hispanic . Some came alone ; others brought their children or other family members . The economy is adding jobs , but not quickly enough to trickle down to the families the food bank serves . "  Any growth that the economy is feeling , the folks here at Manna are not feeling that yet , " said Natalie Corbin , Manna 's development director , during an interview in the center 's main warehouse in Gaithersburg , Maryland . "  In fact , our numbers , from year to year have continued to trend upwards . So until we see a dramatic change in the economy , we 're going to continue to see a dramatic increase in folks who are coming here . "  We 're expecting this winter to be the highest in history of Manna for folks needing food assistance . " Even people who have jobs are having a hard time feeding their families . Eric Zevallos ' mother had surgery a few months ago and is still recovering . Standing in line , he said his family was referred to Manna "  because it 's just me and my sister working , and right now it 's kind of hard for both of us to provide for younger brothers that we have . " "  It 's just a good program to help us out , get stable . " The 25-year-old and his 18-year-old sister are working to feed themselves , their mother and their brothers , who are 9 and 16 . "  We 've been rationing food and just scraping by , " Zevallos said . It 's not just local food banks that have seen an increase in demand . Feeding America , a national hunger-relief charity that helped feed 37 million people last year , says demand for food relief has risen 40 percent in the past four years . The organization has a network of 202 food banks that work with 61,000 agencies , including soup kitchens , churches and pantries , according to Eric Olsen , senior vice president of government relations . "  Our food banks across the country will tell you stories of people who have been donors who now need food assistance , who have lost their jobs or suffered some other kind of health care trauma , for example , in the family where they just do n't have enough to make ends meet , " Olsen said . "  People look at us as an emergency program , but more and more of our clients are coming to us on an ongoing basis . We are a regular part of how people get enough food to feed their families . " Feeding America gets about 25 percent of its food from the federal government . Manna Food Center also gets government-subsidized food and relies on food drives , donations and state and federal emergency food grant programs . These organizations worry that the 12-member congressional committee established as part of the deal to raise the debt limit and tasked with recommending an additional $ 1.5 trillion in federal deficit-reduction measures over the next decade could target programs that provide government-subsidized food to these organizations or others that help the needy . That could increase demand at these food banks and strain their resources . "  We really need both government and charity to make sure people in this country have enough to eat , " Olsen said .	A record 45.8 million people received food stamps from the government in May Organizations that provide food to people in need say demand is growing for their services "  More of our clients are coming to us on an ongoing basis , " Feeding America official says Weak economy , fear of budget ax leave many organizations uneasy about the future
Caroline Pla just won her fight to get back on the field . Pla has been playing football since kindergarten , and for the past two years , the 11-year-old has been holding her own on the gridiron . Her playing time with the Catholic Youth Organization ended after last season when the Archdiocese of Philadelphia enforced its "  boys only " policy for football , sidelining the All-Star guard and defensive end . ` More than able to hold her own , ' girl gets boot Members of a panel selected by the archdiocese voted to continue the boys-only policy as written . Despite the panel 's recommendation , on Thursday Archbishop Charles Chaput ordered the archdiocese to allow girls to play CYO football , according to a statement . "  The Archdiocese will allow for co-ed participation in CYO football , effective in the 2013 season , " the statement said , adding that the rule was provisional and will be reviewed in future seasons . "  The Archbishop is grateful for their time and prudent counsel , " Archdiocese of Philadelphia spokesman Kenneth A. Gavin said in the statement , adding that the recommendation was only one factor in the decision making process . "  All possible factors were considered including the expectations of coaches , parents , and pastors , common current practice , legal circumstances and the CYO policies of dioceses around the country . " Caroline was walking home from school when her mother caught up with her to tell her the news . "  I was screaming , jumping and laughing , " she said . "  I 'm just really excited and surprised . I was n't expecting this  news  . " Caroline expressed appreciation for all the support she received around the world , without which , she said , "  I do n't think the rule would have been changed . " She also thanked Archbishop Chaput , saying that "  it was his decision in the end . " Caroline 's mother , Seal Pla , said she was pleased with the decision , which came after her daughter mounted a fight , rallying support from around the nation . After her pleas to the archdiocese were unsuccessful , Caroline decided to call an audible . With the full support of her team , Caroline and her mom started an online petition at change.org to encourage the archdiocese to allow girls to play football that had more than 108,000 signatures as of Thursday afternoon . The publicity surrounding her plight also caught the attention of talk show host Ellen DeGeneres who invited her to appear on the show . "  I 'm just so excited . This is a positive step for the Catholic church , " her mother said , catching her breath . "  Caroline was never going to give up , even if they said no . " "  I wish I had that much determination , " she said . Inspired by her older brother , George , 14 , Caroline started playing Pop Warner flag football at age 5 and was hooked . Once she got too big to play Pop Warner , she signed up to play tackle football with the CYO in fifth grade . Two games into Caroline 's second season , head coach Chip Ross received an unexpected call from Jason Budd , deputy secretary for Catholic education for the archdiocese , who oversees the football program . Not wanting to disrupt the season or ostracize Caroline , Ross and her parents kept the news under wraps and pleaded with the archdiocese to let her finish the season . After a week of corresponding with Budd , including sending a letter of support from the family 's church pastor , an extension was granted . There are 46 football programs , each with junior varsity and varsity teams , under the Archdiocese of Philadelphia CYO . Of the nearly 2,500 participants , Caroline is the only female player . The coaches waited until the end of the season to tell Caroline and her teammates that she was off the team . Though Caroline says she 's never been hurt -- and has laid her share of licks on the boys -- the archdiocese said in a statement that the decision to give Caroline the boot was for her and other girls ' safety . According to the archdiocese , budget cuts and personnel changes allowed Caroline to slip through the cracks , and she actually should 've been denied the opportunity to play when she initially applied in fifth grade . When she first stepped on the field , the boys on Caroline 's first CYO team were uncomfortable lining up against a girl , said her former coach , Jim Reichwein . Those concerns dissipated once Caroline showed she was tough enough to take the rough and tumble of the game . "  We did n't make a big deal about it , " said Reichwein . "  Anyone who went head-to-head with her ended up on the ground . After a week ,  her gender  was laid to rest . " While waiting for Caroline to return from school , Seal Pla said her daughter taught her a powerful lesson . "  Always fight for what you believe in the right way , with respect and persistence , " she said . Football season is still a while off , but when the time comes , said Caroline , "  I 'll be ready . " Read the latest news on CNN.com	Philadelphia Archdiocese reverses course , says girls can play football , provisionally Girl played 2 seasons of tackle football before archdiocese enforced boys-only rule Change.org petition asking Archdiocese to reconsider garners 108,000 signatures Mom on daughter : "  Caroline was never going to give up , even if they said no "
CNN  -- WikiLeaks Editor-in-Chief Julian Assange is defending the group 's recent leak and said it poses no real risk to soldiers or civilians in Iraq . "  This material does n't mention any soldiers ' names , does n't mention any names of Iraqi civilians , " he told CNN 's Larry King Monday . "  The only thing at risk here is the reputations of the politicians and bureaucrats that put these soldiers into harm 's way -- and who put Iraqis into harm 's way , " he said . Last week , the whistle-blower website published some 400,000 classified documents detailing the war in Iraq . They showed , Assange said , the deaths of 109,000 people , including soldiers and civilians . The release also revealed that roughly 15,000 more Iraqi civilians died during the conflict than previously thought , he said . The Pentagon has denounced the leak and has warned it could put U.S. troops in greater danger -- an accusation Assange denied . Earlier this year , WikiLeaks released more than 70,000 documents related to the war in Afghanistan . The website was heavily criticized then by the U.S. government , the military and some human rights groups for failing to withhold civilians ' names , potentially putting them at risk of retaliation . Assange said WikiLeaks redacted the new round of documents , which included 391,832 reports . He also addressed an interview he gave last week to CNN 's Atika Shubert . Assange walked out after she started to ask questions about investigations in Sweden , where he has been accused in separate cases of rape and molestation . King , who appeared to be watching footage of the old interview , momentarily thought Assange had walked out on him . "  I did n't walk off Larry just then , but perhaps I should , " Assange said . He called such claims false and urged media groups not to conflate the content of the leak with "  any sort of tabloid journalism . " "  It should be obvious that these things are not in balance and they are not proportionate . It is not right to bring in sensational , and -- in fact false claims -- a relatively trivial matter compared to the deaths of 109,000 people , " Assange said . He also blasted an argument , which he said has been made by the Pentagon , that the recent leak does not contain any significant or new information . "  Of course , there 's nothing new to them in the material . But there 's a lot new to the rest of the world , " he said . CNN was offered access to the Iraq documents in advance of the release but declined because of conditions that were attached to accepting . The New York Times and The Guardian , a British newspaper , were among a handful of organizations provided early access to the documents . The Guardian said the reports detail torture , summary executions and war crimes . U.S. authorities failed to investigate hundreds of reports of abuse , torture , rape and murder by Iraqi police and soldiers , the documents show , it said . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell has said field reports do not contain evidence of war crimes . The Times wrote that hundreds of reports of beatings , burnings and lashings suggested that "  such treatment was not an exception . " Most abuse cases contained in the new batch of leaks appear to have been ultimately ignored , the paper said .	Julian Assange talks to CNN 's Larry King He says no names appear in the leaked documents The Pentagon has said it fears the release could put U.S. troops in greater danger Assange addresses the CNN interview he walked out of last week
Tokyo  CNN  -- Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's political gamble to call snap parliamentary elections appears to have paid off , with exit polls showing his party won a landslide victory in Sunday 's vote . Official results are still being tallied , but Japanese public broadcaster NHK said Abe 's ruling coalition had secured a two-thirds majority in Parliament 's Lower House , winning 326 of 475 seats . And the White House offered congratulations to Abe and his Liberal Democratic Party for their success at the polls . The win gives Abe four more years to institute his policies aimed at reviving Japan 's economy by flooding the market with cash , encouraging corporations to create more jobs and increasing government spending . Japan unexpectedly slipped into a recession this year , dealing a blow to Abe 's much-vaunted "  Abenomics " stimulus and economic reform package . On Sunday , Abe thanked voters for their support and said the election results are a mandate from the Japanese people to stay the course and keep pushing ahead . Strange timing An election was n't actually required until late 2016 . And many had wondered why Abe , with a sizable majority in the Lower House -- 295 out of the 475 seats -- would risk ceding power so early . Before the vote , E. Keith Henry , analyst and founder of Asia Strategy , a Tokyo-based government policy consulting group , said he found the timing "  puzzling . " "  Why call an election when you have such a dominant position ? " he asked . But as exit poll results came in on Sunday , it appeared that Abe 's coalition had picked up more than 30 seats . Winning a two-thirds majority in the Lower House gives the party a chance to propose amending the Constitution and enact bills the Upper House rejects , NHK reported . Controversial reforms While a key component of Abenomics has been extra government spending , a sales tax hike this year and rising costs have taken their toll on small businesses and their customers . In a bit to boost his election fortunes , Abe delayed a sales tax hike planned for October 2015 . His special adviser on economic affairs , Etsuro Honda , has called for a further $ 25 billion in cash handout stimulus and tax cuts to kickstart the economy . But that has n't satisfied all voters . "  Abenomics is no good at all , " said Shuichi Kobayashi , the fourth-generation owner of a 100 year-old tofu shop in Tokyo . He said the recent economic conditions are a threat to his livelihood . "  Our life is getting tough . " READ MORE : Is Abenomics working ? Depends who you ask CNN 's Andrew Stevens , Naomi Ng , Anna Maja Rappard and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Exit polls show Shinzo Abe 's Liberal Democratic Party winning in a landslide A dismal quarter pushed Japan into recession , prompting snap elections Prime Minister said the election was a referendum on his ` Abenomics ' policies Abe 's economic adviser has called for $ 25 billion in cash stimulus to kick-start the economy
CNN  -- It was honors even when the opening legs of this year 's Champions League quarterfinals took place on Tuesday . The games between Manchester United and Bayern Munich , and Barcelona 's all-Spanish duel with Atletico Madrid , both ended 1-1 . In England , the 2012-13 league winners opened the scoring through Nemanja Vidic only for Bastian Schweinsteiger , who was sent off late on , to draw the defending champions level . In Barcelona , the four-time European champions trailed to a stunning Diego strike before Brazil 's Neymar leveled with 19 minutes left to play . Little fancied before the match , Manchester United may well be the happiest of the sides after surviving a first-half onslaught before taking the lead through Vidic 's outstanding header after 58 minutes . Despite being on the back foot for much of the first hour , the home side could have taken the lead even earlier only for Danny Welbeck to waste a glorious opening late in the first half . As Manchester United reveled in their unexpected lead , Bayern hit back through Schweinsteiger who lashed home at the end of a sweeping Bayern move . The midfielder will miss the second leg following his second yellow card , while Javi Martinez also picked up a booking that rules him out of next Wednesday 's match in Germany . "  We 've given ourselves a great chance  to go through  " said United coach David Moyes . "  There was a real determination tonight to make sure we did well . " Missing the injured Robin van Persie and with Juan Mata cup-tied , United made light of recent disappointments as they delivered one of their most impressive performances of the season . However , they must score next week in Munich -- where the hosts are bidding for a third Champions League final in four years -- to avoid going out on away goals . Bayern enjoyed nearly 75 % of possession at Old Trafford , where the visitors felt Antonio Valencia could also have earned a second yellow card following an untidy challenge on Jerome Boateng . "  Manchester United have a very good team , " said Bayern winger Arjen Robben . "  I did n't like the atmosphere before the game with everybody saying we would win easily - that is not how football works . " "  Missing Schweinsteiger and Martinez is a big blow , but Dante is coming back into the team next week . " In Barcelona , Atletico Madrid showed the qualities that have taken them to the top of La Liga as they ground out their fourth draw of the season against Gerardo Martino 's side . An early replacement for star striker Diego Costa , who had been an injury doubt before the game and limped off with a hamstring problem after 30 minutes , namesake Diego opened the scoring with a sensational strike after 56 minutes . But just like Manchester United , Atletico 's lead was short llived as Barca hit back from Neymar following an exquisite pass from Andres Iniesta . Barcelona will be without defender Gerard Pique for the second leg , as well as the Copa del Rey final against Real Madrid on 19 April , after suffering a hairline fracture in his right hip , the club said . The Spanish international is expected to be out for four weeks after falling awkwardly in the opening stages of the match , with Pique going off after just 12 minutes . "  I am full of pride in the way in which we played . If we continue like this , there are chances for success , " Martino told the website of European football body UEFA . "  After -LSB- Atl  tico 's -RSB- goal you saw the best of Barcelona . We played as a team and added a lot of intensity . The tie is finely balanced . " In their four games this season , with Tuesday 's clash being their maiden meeting in Europe , Barca and Atletico have registered two goalless and two 1-1 draws . The visitors protected their unbeaten record in this year 's competition , even though coach Diego Simeone was taking his side into one of its fiercest tests . "  We have a team with huge heart and it made me so happy to be able to compete against these opponents , " Atletico boss Simeone told UEFA.com . "  The Vicente Calder  n will be bursting with atmosphere  in the return leg  . " The two teams lead La Liga , with Atletico just a point above their illustrious opponents -- with Real Madrid two further points behind . The return legs of both games take place on April 9 . On Wednesday , the remaining quarterfinals begin as Paris Saint-German host Chelsea while Real Madrid entertain Borussia Dortmund .	Manchester United hold defending champions Bayern Munich to a 1-1 draw in England Barcelona draw 1-1 with visiting Atletico Madrid at Camp Nou Return legs next week PSG host Chelsea on Tuesday while Borussia Dortmund travel to Real Madrid
