Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel 's former security chief is slamming the country 's prime minister and defense minister for their handling of Iran , saying neither one inspires confidence . "  I do n't trust a leadership that relies on messianic leadership , " said Yuval Diskin , the former head of the Shin Bet , the country 's internal security service , at a public conference Friday night in Israel . "  Our two messiahs from Caesaria and from the Akiorv Towers are not fit to stand at the helm of the government , " Diskin said , referring to the respective residences of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak . His comments were widely reported in the Israeli media Saturday . Barak said while he welcomed Diskin 's entry into politics , the comments are irresponsible . "  It is both embarrassing and saddening to see the weakening of judgment and responsibility and the low language a man who served the public for years was dragged into , " said a statement from Barak 's office . "  Diskin is acting in a petty , irresponsible manner motivated by personal frustration . He is harming the heritage of generations of Shin Bet heads and the operational norms of the organization . " A senior Israeli government official said that the comments lacked credibility because the domestic security focus of the Shin Bet made the organization a "  peripheral player " when it comes to Iran . The same official , who declined to be named publicly due to the sensitivity of the issue , said Diskin 's comments were "  both surprising and strange " because he had worked under both Netanyahu and Barak , and sought to become Mossad director under their leadership . "  Are you saying these things because you did n't get the position ? " the official asked rhetorically , adding that Diskin 's attack seemed more "  personal than policy . " Diskin , a widely respected former security official , also took the two Israeli leaders to task for mis-characterizing the possible effectiveness of a military strike against Iran and its nuclear program . He said the Israeli government presented "  a false view to the public on the Iranian bomb , as though acting against Iran would prevent a nuclear bomb . But attacking Iran will encourage them to develop a bomb all the faster . " It is not the first time a high-profile figure has criticized the Israeli government 's handling of Iran . Meir Dagan , the former chief of Israel 's spy agency , the Mossad , has been a frequent and vocal critic of talk about an Israel strike on Iran , famously calling it a "  stupid idea . " Israeli vice-premier and Likud party member Silvan Shalom told the Jerusalem Post that Diskin should not have spoken in public . "  I think that Diskin was wrong to say what he did , and that when he considers what he said he will realize that he was wrong , " Shalom said . Diskin 's blunt commentary follows controversial remarks by Israel 's top general , who said Iran is led by "  very rational people " and does n't appear poised to build a nuclear bomb that would threaten his nation . Iran "  is going step by step to the place where it will be able to decide whether to manufacture a nuclear bomb , " Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Benny Gantz told Israel 's Haaretz newspaper in Wednesday editions . "  It has n't yet decided whether to go the extra mile . " Those comments were in stark contrast to those of Netanyahu , who suggested to CNN that time is running out for Western sanctions on Iran to have a meaningful effect on Tehran 's nuclear program . The sanctions "  are certainly taking a bite out of the Iranian economy , " Netanyahu said in an interview broadcast Tuesday on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " But , he said , "  They have n't rolled back the Iranian program -- or even stopped it -- by one iota . "	NEW : Ehud Barak describes Yuval Diskin 's comments as ` irresponsible ' Diskin is the former head of the Shin Bet , the country 's internal security service He accuses Netanyahu and Barak of mischaracterizing the possible effectiveness of attacking Iran Netanyahu says sanctions are not having a meaningful effect on Tehran 's nuclear program
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In sport , being the best is not just about the having the greatest players . Here are five teams that have gone from zeroes to heroes , and in the process left their mark on sporting history . 1 . The European Ryder Cup team The 1980 U.S. hockey team 's ` Miracle on Ice ' against the Soviet Union . Europe 's Ryder Cup team has become renowned for upsetting the form book , frequently triumphing against higher ranked American opposition . Since European players were first allowed to join the British and Irish team for the famous golf tournament  to improve the level of competition  in 1979 , the U.S. has won six times ; Europe seven ; and the teams have tied once . The slight edge enjoyed by Europe , however , belies the lowly status of their players in world golf . For the last tournament two years ago in Ireland , for example , the Americans boasted 68.4 world-ranking points and the top three players , including world number one , Tiger Woods . Compare this with just 47.8 ranking points for the Europeans . Even so Europe went on to achieve a record third consecutive win . The key to this success has been the camaraderie and teamwork exhibited by the Europeans . Their players have consistently rallied around their position as underdog , managing to achieve a level of togetherness made all the more surprising since the team is made up of a collection of nationalities that are better known for falling out with each other . 2 . The 1980 U.S. Olympic ice hockey team A famous victory against a seemingly invincible Soviet Union side propelled this team of college players and amateurs to the level of national heroes . Although the U.S. team went on to win the gold medal by defeating Finland at the Winter Olympics , it was the earlier match against the Soviets that captured the popular imagination . Classed as amateurs , the Soviet players were essentially professional , and were provided with different job titles by the communist government to allow them to compete . Many of their players were considered legends of world ice hockey at the time . The U.S. team coached by Herb Brooks was , by contrast , genuinely amateur and came into the tournament in Lake Placid , New York , as rank outsiders . Their youthfulness and tenacity combined with patriotic home support saw them upset predictions , defeating the Soviets 4-3 in a match that became known as the "  Miracle on Ice . " The win over their Cold War enemies seized the imagination of the U.S. public -- it inspired two films and was voted the greatest sporting moment of the 20th century by Sports Illustrated . Dave Ogrean , former executive director of USA Hockey , called the victory "  the most transcending moment in the history of our sport in this country . " 3 . The ` Crazy Gang ' defeat Liverpool in the FA Cup Nobody expected lowly Wimbledon Football Club to do anything other than turn up when they played Liverpool in the 1988 FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium . Dubbed the ` Crazy Gang ' by British media because of the eccentric antics of their players and staff , who included future film actor Vinnie Jones , the team was outclassed on every front . At the time Liverpool were the dominant force in English football , having won the league title that year for the seventh time in a decade . Managed by former player Kenny Dalglish and boasting a host of stars , the team was expected to cruise past Wimbledon , who had little resources and were considered something of a joke . Under the chairmanship of Lebanese businessman Samir "  Sam " Hammam , Wimbledon earned a reputation for bizarre behaviour , with players setting fire to new signings football kits , and Hammam once offering to buy a camel for the team 's striker if he scored 20 goals in a season . The practical jokes helped to foster an extraordinarily strong team spirit , however , which saw them topple Liverpool 1-0 , with Wimbledon captain Dave Beasant the hero of the hour after he saved a penalty . 4 . Joe 's Jets win the Superbowl When the New York Jets took on the Baltimore Colts in the 1969 Superbowl , it was the team from Baltimore that was strong favorites . The Colts had stormed the National Football League  NFL  championship , considered at the time a much stronger competition than the American Football League  AFL  , headed that year by the Jets . This news , however , seemed to have escaped Joe Namath , the Jets ' charismatic quarterback , who gave a "  guarantee " a few days earlier at a news conference in Miami -- where the Superbowl was being staged -- that his team would win . True to his predictions , the Jets came out on top with Namath taking all the plaudits  Sports Illustrated described him as a "  folk hero of the new generation "  after a blistering performance that saw his team triumph 16-7 . 5 . The Magical Magyars The legendary Hungarian national football team of the 1950s is still considered one of the greatest teams in the history of sport . Although many of its players -- most notably striker Ferenc Puskas , who eventually moved to Real Madrid -- went on to play in the West , during its heyday the majority of the team was drawn from the Honved club in Budapest . The Magyars remained unbeaten for an unprecedented 33 consecutive matches  a record that still stands today  finally losing out in the 1954 World Cup Final to Germany . This golden age of Hungarian football was brought to an abrupt end in 1956 by the events of the Hungarian Revolution . Puskas and some of his team mates opted to defect to Western Europe , and never played for their country again .	Europe 's Ryder Cup team has often beaten the U.S. despite lower profile players America 's ice hockey win against the Soviets is known as the "  Miracle on Ice " Wimbledon 's defeat of Liverpool in the FA Cup was considered a major upset New York Jets Superbowl win in 1969 was inspired by quarterback Joe Namath
Washington  CNN  -- A federal appeals court has certified the largest class-action employment lawsuit in U.S. history , in a long-standing dispute against retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. over alleged gender bias in pay and promotions . The divided 6-5 ruling by the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Monday allows the combined multiparty litigation to move ahead to trial , where a decision against the company could result in billions in damages . The Arkansas-based chain of stores has the option of appealing Monday 's ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court for review . At issue is whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination , which they say has occurred over the past decade , at least . The plaintiffs allege that women were paid less than , and were given fewer opportunities for promotion than , their male counterparts . They seek back pay and punitive damages against the world 's largest retailer . The lawsuit alleges that the company 's "  strong , centralized structure fosters or facilitates gender stereotyping and discrimination . " The workers bringing suit also say women make up more than 70 percent of Wal-Mart 's hourly work force but in the past decade made up less than one-third of its store management . The suit was first filed by Betty Dukes , a store greeter in Pittsburg , California , along with five of her co-workers in 2001 . "  It has taken a very long time , and a tremendous amount of work , but it looks like we 're finally going to get our day in court , " Dukes said after the ruling was announced . "  That 's all we 've ever asked for . " "  We disagree with the decision of the sharply divided 6-5 court to uphold portions of the certification order , and are considering our options , including seeking review from the Supreme Court , " Wal-Mart said in a statement . "  We do not believe the claims alleged by the six individuals who brought this suit are representative of the experiences of our female associates . Walmart is an excellent place for women to work and fosters female leadership among our associates and in the larger business world . " The federal appeals court concluded that there was enough merit in the claims to proceed to trial on a class-action track . Since the lawsuit was filed , both sides of the dispute have held so-called discovery hearings , in which preliminary testimony was taken to establish facts . Judge Susan Graber of the appeals court said that although "  the size of this class action is large , mere size does not render a case unmanageable . " The company has protested the size of the class action , which it called "  historic " in scope , saying it would be too onerous to litigate . The company has more than 3,400 stores in 41 regions . Declaring class-action status for the lawsuit raises the financial and judicial stakes considerably , since more individual plaintiffs can now join , and creates greater potential liability for the company being sued . In federal courts , such certification must generally follow well-established principles to ensure that it does not become so large as to be impracticable and allows the parties to fairly represent the common interests of the larger class of plaintiffs . "  Wal-Mart tries to project an improved image as a good corporate citizen , " said Brad Seligman , a Berkeley , California , lawyer representing the female workers . "  But no amount of -LSB- public relations -RSB- is going to work until it addresses the claims of its female employees . " Wal-Mart has been accused in separate lawsuits of discrimination against African-American truck drivers and workers with disabilities . In 2001 , the company settled 13 lawsuits by paying out $ 6 million . Beyond this particular suit , most workplace discrimination lawsuits fail to reach a court for resolution , according to data compiled by the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission . In 2003 , when the Wal-Mart litigation was in its preliminary court stages , about 27,000 sex discrimination claims nationwide were resolved administratively by the EEOC , little changed from the prior decade . More than 57 percent -- 15,000 claims -- were ruled administratively to have "  no reasonable cause , " and those usually were dismissed . Just over 10 percent were judged to have merit , resulting in a total of $ 94.2 million in settlements , or $ 34,200 on average per case , according to the data , which include all such claims , not just those involving Wal-Mart . The current case is Dukes v. Wal-Mart Stores , Inc.  04-16688	NEW : "  Walmart is an excellent place for women to work , " company says Lawsuits say company paid women less and promoted them less Hundreds of thousands of current , former works can band together in lawsuit A decision against world 's largest retailer could cost billions
CNN  February 26 , 2015 Snow over the U.S. Southeast , drought over part of Brazil , drones over the French capital and excitement over a rare find : These are the headlines we 're covering today on CNN Student News . Get a sense of how the lack of rainfall is affecting millions in Sao Paulo , and peer into a book that could show how The Bard 's plays were performed in the years immediately following his passing . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- The fight against gun-related crime has taken a hit from budget cuts , as a federal agency has laid off nearly a hundred contract workers at its facility dedicated to tracing firearms used by criminals . Ninety-eight contract employees at the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ' National Tracing Center lost their jobs as of March 31 because of the forced budget cuts known as the sequester . The Justice Department confirmed the layoffs with CNN and offered a written statement : "  ATF was forced to cut its budget by $ 82 million across the board , including its firearms program and , as a result , 98 contractors in its Martinsburg , West Virginia , facility firearms program have been laid off so far . " Those 98 were among 380 contract workers and 185 full-time federal employees at the Martinsburg facility . Neither the agency nor the Justice Department would speak on the record about the layoffs . "  Laying off employees at the National Tracing Center is a big deal , " said David Chipman , a former ATF special agent who once headed the agency 's firearms program . Now , he 's policy adviser for New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's gun safety group , Mayors Against Illegal Guns . "  Getting information on purchasers to law enforcement as quickly as possible is a critical need . " The firearms bureau hired the contract workers because requests for gun traces kept rising while the bureau 's budget for full-time positions did not , Chipman told CNN . When there 's a gun-related murder , or when a police officer is shot , the agency 's goal is to trace the purchaser or the owner of the gun within 24 hours . "  My understanding is , they will still do whatever possible to meet that deadline , though now it 's going to be much harder , " Chipman said . "  They 've had to take resources from other sections to do it . " He said those other sections deal with tracing stolen firearms and keeping records that help police investigate firearms trafficking . "  It 's not that things wo n't be done , " Chipman said . "  It 's just that things wo n't be done as quickly , " a potentially major problem because , "  some crimes , time is of the essence . " On top of it , ATF has a labor intensive method of gun tracing . Because of federal laws aimed at preventing a federal gun registry , much of the ATF 's record keeping is done by hand , rather than by computer . So the labor cuts hit that much harder .	98 contract employees have been laid off from the National Tracing Center The center traces guns used in crimes Tracing guns "  as quickly as possible is a critical need , " a former ATF official says
PARIS , France  CNN  -- The Paris suburbs were again rocked by riots after a second night of lawlessness Monday caused widespread destruction and left scores of police injured , according to French authorities and media reports . Firefighters in a Paris suburb battle to control a blaze started after youths rioted Sunday night . An angry mob repeatedly clashed with riot police and torched cars and buildings in the town of Villiers-le-Bel , north of Paris , after two teens on a motorcycle were killed following a collision with a police car Sunday night . Rioters bombarded police with baseball bats , Molotov cocktail bombs and bottles filled with acid as the violence spread to the nearby towns of Longjumeau and Grigby Monday night . The 15 - and 16-year-old boys , both sons of African immigrants , according to police , died when their motorbike hit a patrol car in Villiers-le-Bel . Some residents , populated largely by immigrants and their French-born children , accused police of fleeing the crash scene . However , three eyewitnesses , interviewed on TV , said the police stayed and tried to revive the two boys with mouth to mouth resuscitation . Watch why a repeat of past rioting is feared " More than 60 police officers were injured in Monday night 's confrontation , with five kept in hospital in a serious condition , according to reports in a number of French newspapers . A spokesman for the police authorities in the Val d'Oise prefecture refused to confirm the numbers of police injuries , telling CNN that police feared the information could further enflame the already tense situation . The police spokesman said 60 cars , a library and car dealer 's showroom had been set on fire in Villiers-le-Bel . He said a police station had also been damaged and 15 garbage cans torched . Security was tightened Tuesday , with helicopters deployed to patrol over the town , the spokesman said . Villiers-le-Bel was not among the districts hit by the weeks of nationwide rioting in November 2005 , when disaffected youths nationwide set thousands of cars ablaze to protest against unemployment and discrimination . Those riots were also sparked by fatalities , namely the deaths of two men of North African descent who were electrocuted while hiding from police in an electrical substation . French president Nicolas Sarkozy , then serving as the interior minister , provoked controversy at the time by referring to the rioters as "  scum . " Sarkozy , currently on a state visit to China , had urged residents Monday to "  cool down and let the justice system determine who is responsible for what . " A spokesman for the president 's office told CNN Tuesday they were continuing to monitor the situation . The prosecutor 's office in the nearby town of Pontoise has already begun an inquiry into the deaths . Police said the teens drove through a red light without wearing helmets and on an unregistered bike . But Omar Sehhouli , the brother of one of the victims , told French media the police involved should be arrested . "  Everyone knew the two boys here , " he told French radio . "  What happened , that 's not violence , it 's rage . " According to the initial findings from the French police watchdog , reported Tuesday in the daily newspaper , Le Figaro , the boy 's motorbike was driving "  at very high speed " and had failed to give priority to the police patrol vehicle . The police car was driving normally at around 40 kilometers an hour , the newspaper reported the watchdog had found . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report	Riots in French suburb for second night after two teens killed in police crash Violence spreads from Villiers-le-Bel , north of Paris , to two nearby towns More than 60 police injured , bombarded with Molotov cocktails and bottles of acid Parallels drawn with unrest in 2005 , when President Sarkozy was interior minister
Washington  CNN  -- The only original copy of the Magna Carta in private hands worldwide has a fancy new display case at the National Archives , where the document goes on display next month . "  This 700-year-old document looks better than ever , " said David Ferriero , the archivist of the United States . He said Thursday that the handwritten , fragile parchment will be unveiled February 17 . The owner of the display copy was also at Thursday 's preview . David Rubenstein , co-founder of the Carlyle Group investment company , said , "  it is my privilege as an American to be able to give this back to the Archives and let them preserve it , as they have done , and to let them display it as they are going to do . " After an initial presentation to the public in 2008 , when Rubenstein got the document at a Sotheby 's auction for more than $ 20 million , it was taken off display for replacement of the old , unappealing box made out of aluminum and glass , with a green fabric liner . The new display box , crafted from aircraft-quality metal , is filled with argon gas to minimize deterioration of the parchment on which the handwritten Latin provisions of the Magna Carta were first inscribed in 1297 . The document seems to float above the floor of the display case , just below special glass that blocks damaging ultraviolet light and minimizes glare from subdued external lighting that will be used to illuminate the display . "  If we could read medieval Latin , it would be perfectly legible , " said Catherine Nicholson , one of the ranking conservators who led the yearlong restoration and re-encasement project at the National Archives . She said they were able to repair damaged sections of the parchment and have confirmed certain letters in the text by using special photography and lighting . "  We have every reason to believe that 800 years from now , they will still be in fabulous shape , " she concluded . Engineers from the National Institutes of Standards and Technology carried out the specifications of the National Archives in building the display case . Rubenstein took the opportunity to explain the significance fo the Magna Carta and why he hopes the public display will help people understand American history . "  This became the law of the land of England and remains the law of the land in England , " he began , noting that those who came to the colonies in America considered themselves Englishmen with the same rights as those at home . When royalty said the colonists did not enjoy equal rights , it set the stage for American independence . The founding fathers affirmed many elements of English law in establishing the United States . "  Our whole government is based on no taxation without representation , " Rubenstein noted . "  We have the right to habeus corpus ; we have punishment in proportion to the crime , trial by jury " and other fundamental principles originally requested nearly 800 years ago by the lords of the king of England . "  If you read the early writings of Hamilton and Jefferson and Adams and Madison , many times , they say ` it 's because of the Magna Carta that we 're doing this , ' " he said . Only 17 copies of the Magna Carta are known to be in existence . Fifteen of them are in British institutions , one is in the Australian parliament , according to Rubenstein , "  and this is the only one in private hands , " he said . "  Ross Perot bought this in the early 1980s , " Rubenstein said , describing some of the previous ownership of his copy . He said Perot had purchased it from a family that held it for more than 500 years but had fallen on hard times and sold it to raise money . Rubenstein is well-known within philanthropic circles . In recent weeks , he donated more than $ 7 million to help repair the Washington Monument from last summer 's earthquake . He also owns a copy of the Emancipation Proclamation , on display in the Oval Office of the White House , "  and I 've lent a copy of the Declaration of Independence to the State Department , " he said . "  Everybody in life has certain things that they like , " he said , "  and I guess one of the things I like is buying these documents and owning them . " Rubenstein suggested that it is satisfying to have invested in history , "  but you ca n't be buried with these documents , as far as I know . So you can assume that the appropriate place will see these documents when I 'm not on this Earth . "	Parchment document dating to 1297 gets new display box Philanthropist David Rubenstein hopes to see permanent display next month American democracy and rule of law are drawn from the Magna Carta
Editor 's Note : Republican strategist Alex Castellanos was a campaign consultant for Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign and has worked on more than half a dozen presidential campaigns . Castellanos is a partner in National Media Inc. , a political and public affairs consulting firm that specializes in advertising . Alex Castellanos says stimulus bill is a cover for a bold plan for government to rule key parts of private sector . CNN  -- Two Congressmen walk into a bar to watch President Obama 's first prime-time press conference . The Democrat says to the Republican ... . D : Just watch the president tonight and you 'll see how to get this economy back on track . Monopolies . R : Monopolies ? D : Monopolies so big they will shame Parker Brothers and make them put the board game in a bigger box . Monopolies so huge , they 'll make railroad tycoon Cornelius Vanderbilt look like a push-cart operator . R : Why monopolies ? D : In these desperate times , we ca n't afford to let Americans choose inefficient cars or wasteful health care . We ca n't let innovation run wild on Wall Street or Main Street . We have to make sure Americans are secure in their health care and jobs , their incomes and energy . To serve the greater good , we have to organize America 's economy so it achieves the best possible ends for all Americans . We ca n't leave that to chance . Who knows what might happen if individual Americans make those choices in a free market and organize themselves ? R : A little less freedom , a lot more organization , all for the collective good ? D : My friend , we need a directed economy , where we limit people 's choices to those that serve the best social ends . Our nation 's development is best controlled by monopolies , not some atomistic economy where Americans are free to make almost any choice and organize bottom-up , according to their own whims . That means , big , honking , all-powerful monopolies . R : But during the campaign , Obama talked about change , fueling "  bottom-up prosperity . " This sounds like the same old , top-down , industrial-age stuff Democrats have been pitching for years . D : You betcha ! Bottom-up campaign rhetoric just ran into the top-down Democratic establishment from Washington . Guess who won . We 're going to create monopolies in the biggest sectors of the economy , starting with banking and financial services . Even after the meltdown , that 's still the largest stock market sector , 16 percent of the S&P . R : Follow the money . D : Exactly . With massive regulation , caps on pay and restrictions on risk and competition , we can turn the entire financial sector into a cross between a public utility and the DMV . R : And then ? D : We 'll create an energy monopoly that would make J. D. Rockefeller look like a gas station attendant . If it has anything to do with energy , we will control it , plan it and direct it . You are going to love your windmill . R : I 'm not feeling so good . D : That 's next . A health care monopoly alone will organize another 16 percent of the economy . Choice and diversity are great , but not so much in health care . We 'll throw in $ 20 billion at the start for paperless health records . Data , my friend , is power . You know where we will go : Cost controls . Restricted formularies . Nancy Pelosi can be your doctor . You do n't need a lot of choice . Just a good choice . Or a good-enough choice . Cough for me . R : Watch that . I 'm leaving . D : Now that you mention it , we ca n't forget the good old American auto industry . To borrow from Henry Ford , consumers can pick any color car they want , as long as it is green . R : Who are you going to get to run these monopolies ? You are dealing with increasingly complex economic networks . How are you going to coordinate the sophisticated relationships , the subtle interests and ever-changing needs of millions of American consumers ? Americans have traditionally done that themselves , in a natural and organic way , one to another , through the market . Who is smart enough to replace all that ? D : Congress . R : You are making this stuff up . The president is n't talking about huge government-run monopolies . All he 's talking about is the stimulus bill . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the stimulus package D : Of course . That 's the beauty of the thing . As long as we call it "  stimulus , " we can pass almost anything that expands the power of government to command people 's lives . Why do you think Newsweek 's cover says , "  We Are All Socialists Now ? " R : I need a drink . Do n't they serve Congressmen in this bar ? D : No . But you can buy one from a lobbyist . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Alex Castellanos : Democrats think we ca n't let the free market rule economy He says Democrats are trying to micro-manage the crucial finance sector Castellanos says they also want to make key decisions for health care He says stimulus bill is being used as cover for introducing bigger government
CNN  -- Ferrari have said they are "  astonished and saddened " by criticism from Italian politician Roberto Calderoli , after he called for the resignation of their chairman in the wake of Fernando Alonso 's failure to secure the Formula One title on Sunday . Calderoli branded the team 's strategy as "  demented " at the season-ending Abu-Dhabi Grand Prix -- as an early pit stop eventually cost Alonso a third world crown -- and put pressure on Luca di Montezemolo to leave the team . "  I 'm astonished and saddened by certain statements some politicians and a minister of the Italian Republic made after Sunday 's race , " said the company 's vice president Piero Ferrari -- son of the carmakers ' founder Enzo -- on Ferrari 's official website . "  It has never happened in my entire life at Ferrari that politicians intervened during good and bad moments in our life in motorsport , and I want it to stay like this . "  But if we want to have a look at how much Ferrari has done for Italy 's image around the world , then I can only say that it is definitely much more than certain politics have done . " Calderoli accused the legendary team of making a tactical error when they called their Spanish driver in for a pit stop after 15 laps of the race , in an attempt to respond to a similar move from his title-rival Mark Webber . The Italian outfit -- who are a national institution in their homeland -- watched on as Webber 's Red Bull-teammate Sebastian Vettel took the crown , despite being 15 points behind Alonso at the start of the race . "  Ferrari has managed to lose a championship already won , " Calderoli was reported as saying in British newspaper The Daily Mail . "  We are ashamed of this insane strategy and Di Montezemolo is guilty . He should get out of Maranello -LSB- the Italian town which is home to the Ferrari factory -RSB- immediately so he does no further harm to Ferrari . By the evening , we expect his resignation . " Di Montezemolo was in defiant mood when he responded to the politician 's comments and joined his colleague in highlighting the "  Scuderia 's " contribution to Italy 's reputation all over the world . "  When the statesman Calderoli will achieve in his life 1 % of what Ferrari has done for this country in terms of industry and sports , then he 'll deserve an answer , " di Montezemolo said . Elsewhere in Formula One , manufacturing giant Toyota announced on Tuesday they have ended their planned association with the Hispania Racing Team  HRT  . "  Toyota Motorsport GmbH  TMG  confirms that all cooperation with Hispania Racing Formula One team has been terminated and will not resume , " a statement from the Japanese manufacturer said . There had been speculation HRT were looking to use a car Toyota were set to race in this season 's championship , before they were forced to withdraw their team from the sport . The Spanish team -- who have just finished their first season in the elite motorsport and are suffering financial difficulties -- have said they are "  surprised " by the announcement .	Ferrari are "  astonished and saddened " by criticism from politician Roberto Calderoli Calderoli accused Ferrari of employing a "  demented " strategy in Sunday 's race Sebastian Vettel claimed the world crown after winning the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
CNN  -- President Obama said he should have known better than to go golfing immediately after speaking about the beheading of an American journalist . In an interview that aired Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Obama said he "  should have anticipated the optics " because "  part of the job is the theater of it , " conceding "  it 's not something that comes naturally " to him . Obama was vacationing in Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts , when Islamic militants released the gruesome video of James Foley , who was brutally killed as a payback for U.S. airstrikes against the terror group ISIS . Obama strongly condemned the killing , saying "  the entire world is appalled by the brutal murder of Jim Foley . " Minutes later , he was photographed golfing , which caused critics to accuse him of insensitivity . Obama said he was deeply affected by the beheading of the American journalist . "  After having talked to the families , where it was hard for me to hold back tears listening to the pain that they were going through , " he said , "  I think everybody who knows me -- including , I suspect , the press -- understands that ... you take this stuff in . And it 's serious business . And you care about it deeply . " The President said he understands "  optics " is important . "  It matters . And I 'm mindful of that . " At the same time , Obama conceded that the "  theater " of the presidency is a challenge for him . "  You 're followed everywhere . And the part of what I 'd love is the vacation from the press . " When asked by NBC 's Chuck Todd if he was "  exhausted , " Obama admitted to being sleep-deprived at times . "  There are days where I 'm not getting enough sleep , because we 've got a lot on our plate , " he said .	Obama says he deserved criticism for golfing after speaking about James Foley Obama was vacationing when Islamic militants released the gruesome beheading video When asked if he 's "  exhausted , " Obama admits to being sleep-deprived at times
CNN  It 's seen a rapacious Leonardo DiCaprio rip-off the gullible , Sarah Jessica Parker ponder sweet amor and an air-headed Brad Pitt harbor intentions of blackmailing a CIA agent -- all just a bridge away from the madness of Manhattan . In the old times , Brooklyn 's historic Navy Yard would be lucky to attract the stars of the silver screen to a USO show . Today , its home to one of the largest film studios outside of Hollywood . The "  Wolf of Wall Street " , "  Sex and the City Two " and "  Burn After Reading " are just a few of the major motion pictures shot at Steiner Studios in recent times . More than 40 feature length and TV productions were filmed here in the last year alone . Studio chairman , Doug Steiner , opened the site just over 10 years ago . "  It was really awful looking with wild dogs -- literally wild dogs -- roaming the streets here , " Steiner said . "  I liked the industrial landscape a lot and the opportunity . To me Brooklyn was a great opportunity waiting to happen because of the proximity to Manhattan . " At its peak during World War II , the Brooklyn Navy Yard employed some 70,000 people . But the 1.2 square kilometer site fell into steep decline in the 1960s when the sailors moved out . Today , the yard is a vastly different place -- and not just because of the Hollywood A-listers strutting around . A non-profit corporation has been regenerating the location with the aim of creating new employment opportunities since the turn of the century . Steiner studios was one of the first tenants but others have followed . One former warehouse represents the corporation 's biggest project to date , with more than 90,000 square meters of space up for grabs and the potential creation of 3,000 new jobs . "  I think our influence on Brooklyn in general has been quite substantial , " said David Ehrenberg , CEO of the Brooklyn Naval Yard Development Corporation . "  We were the first entity that started investing substantially back into these old buildings on the Brooklyn waterfront . "  And to some extent  we  proved a concept -- that manufacturing and industrial and creative companies would want to take root in Brooklyn , " Ehrenberg said . Being at the forefront of these wider trends has helped attract a new type of workforce to the area . Steiner says housing prices within half a kilometer have risen up to ten times . Some 1,500 people already work at the studio , which is set on a path of rapid expansion . It is benefiting from the explosion in demand for high quality content across mobile devices - and Steiner sees it as part of a wider trend . "  Old media has always been based in New York City and continues to be based  here  , film and television has been anchored in LA and high-tech has always been in northern California , " Steiner said . "  But I think right now we 're seeing everything coming together in New York . "	Brooklyn Navy Yard has been transformed from disused site into hub of commercial activity Location now houses one of the largest film studios outside of Hollywood
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The principal of a high school , which lost 244 students and 10 teachers in the deadly Sewol ferry disaster in April , has been removed from his post , according to the local education office . "  I can not reveal detailed reasons for his removal because it is personal information , but it is regarding the Sewol accident , " said an official with the Gyeonggi Provincial Office of Education . The second-year class from Danwon High School was on a school trip on the ill-fated ferry on April 16 . The Sewol ferry departed from Incheon headed to Jeju island carrying 339 students and teachers when it sank . Of the school group , 77 were rescued . Later that month , classes resumed with remaining students and staff in shock and grief , as nearly an entire class had been lost . The name of the dismissed principal was not released Wednesday . "  The decision was made a while ago , but was carried out only recently because the focus was on dealing with the accident , " said the education official . Overall , 12 people remain missing and 292 died in the Sewol incident . Three days after the Sewol ferry sank , the vice principal of Danwon High School , who had been rescued from the vessel , was found dead after apparently hanging himself . Kang Min Kyu , 52 , had expressed regret in a note that he had survived while so many others had died . Funeral held for vice principal Defense lawyers : Crew barely escaped stricken Sewol ferry Angry families scream at South Korean ferry captain , crew as trial CNN 's Madison Park contributed to this report .	Principal of high school that suffered loss in Sewol ferry disaster is removed Removal is related to the Sewol accident , says official Vice principal of Danwon High School committed suicide in April
Violence raged yet again Saturday in Afghanistan , including a battle at a sprawling military base that British troops gave up last month and an attack on a home for aid workers in Kabul . In the former , Taliban insurgents began an assault Thursday night on Camp Bastion , a facility in Helmand province that Britain handed over to Afghan authorities on October 14 . That fighting was still going on Saturday . By then , at least five Afghan troops and nine Taliban fighters had been killed , according to Omar Zowak , a spokesman for the provincial governor . Camp Bastion housed British and coalition troops -- among them Britain 's Prince Harry -- during the Afghanistan war . As such , it 's been a frequent target for the Taliban . Yet it 's hardly the only place where Afghan authorities and their allies are under threat . Two aid workers -- one of them a foreign national -- died after housing for them in the western part of Kabul was attacked , said Hashmat Stanikzai , a spokesman for the Afghan capital 's police chief . Afghan forces arrived at the scene , battling three attackers for three hours before killing them , according to Stanikzai . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . Stanikzai declined to reveal the nationality of the slain foreign aid worker , but locals and eyewitnesses told CNN that the organization he worked for is based out of South Africa .	A building housing aid workers is attacked ; 2 aid workers are killed , police say Afghan forces kill 3 attackers , according to a Kabul police spokesman Taliban insurgents also attack Camp Bastion ; fighting has been raging for days At least 5 Afghan troops , 9 Taliban die in the fighting , a government spokesman says
CNN  -- Films have altered the course of human history before . The rise of Nazism would not have been as rapid and absolute had it not been for the Reich 's potent command of propaganda , including Leni Riefenstahl 's monumental glorification of the fascist regime , "  Triumph of the Will . " And D.W. Griffith 's celebration of white supremacy , "  The Birth of a Nation , " helped to resurrect the Ku Klux Klan . Both these films are repellent , yet are judged to be masterpieces of world cinema , and their directors among the greatest of all time . So it 's hard to imagine that a movie as slight and crude as "  The Interview " could serve as a similar kind of historical watershed . And yet , future generations may well look to it as marking the emergence of a new chapter in geopolitics , dominated by a fresh set of actors and wildly different forms of conflict . If the attacks of September 11 taught us to fear insurgent groups using improvised weapons against civilians -- al Qaeda , the Taliban , ISIS -- what we 've learned from the "  Interview " fiasco is that even nation states and "  traditional " terror organizations can now find themselves to be nothing more than blindsided bystanders in strange battles between entities with hidden  or purposely misleading  agendas . Corporations . Mysterious ad hoc hacker networks . Even motivated individuals . And these struggles will play out in the dark , with far-reaching and unpredictable consequences . Was the hacker attack that crippled media titan Sony insider sabotage , an attempt at extortion , a terrorist strike or , as more hawkish types have suggested , the overture to formal war ? Were its perpetrators disgruntled employees , Internet pranksters , black hat mercenaries or the shadowy digital armies of rival nations ? Perhaps the most frightening thing is that , months after the assaults , we still do n't know exactly when they began , what their true objective was and , of course , who was actually behind them . Sony was quick to assign blame to North Korea , based on the conclusions of federal investigators . President Barack Obama issued a condemnation of the hermit kingdom 's "  cybervandalism " and promised to "  respond proportionately . " And , in a gesture of profound corporate cowardice , Sony yanked "  The Interview " after a number of movie theater chains said they would not screen the movie . Since then , other researchers have raised serious questions about North Korea 's real role in the hacks , pointing to the fact that while North Korea might have had a clear motive -- suppressing the release of a work that might embarrass its supreme leader -- early messages to Sony reportedly did not focus on "  The Interview , " and instead sought vague "  monetary compensation . " Meanwhile , publicly released evidence of North Korean involvement seems flimsy , the country itself has hotly denied it is behind the hacks , and more recent theories have pointed instead to a possible inside job , or to hackers from other countries with greater resources and more ambiguous aims . The results of independent linguistic analyses performed on the messages sent by hackers make their North Korean origin questionable , and even suggest they were translated from Russian .  It 's also worth noting that Russia 's Foreign Ministry this week held a press conference slamming "  The Interview " as "  aggressively scandalous , " while also denouncing the U.S. accusations against North Korea as being without "  direct evidence . " As these theories and allegations have circulated , the playing field has continued to shift . A group claiming to be members of the enigmatic hacker coalition Anonymous vowed vague reprisal against North Korea . A few days later , North Korea 's Internet access was shut down by a denial of service attack . As all this occurred , Sony changed its mind about releasing "  The Interview , " allowing 300 theaters to screen the film despite warnings of physical attacks on moviegoers , while putting it on Google 's Play store and YouTube . But the fact that it instantly leapt to the top of the popularity charts on both platforms has led some conspiracy minded people to wonder whether the entire episode was n't a PR stunt  albeit one that got out of hand -- the revelations from the email leaks were far too damaging to have been released intentionally  . And this is where things get oddly meta . I mentioned that "  The Interview " comes off as a trivial work of frat-boy comedy , full of the toilet humor , misogyny , gay-panic japery and racial stereotypes that have marked other Franco/Rogen collaborations .  However , unlike others who 've criticized it , I do n't think it is any worse than , say , "  Pineapple Express . " But the movie 's last scene  spoiler alert !  , consciously or not , turns it into something with a darker kind of self-awareness . Franco 's character , celebrity talk show host Dave Skylark , is shown reading the last page of his best-selling book about their madcap assassination adventure in North Korea to a huge and rapt crowd . He begins as follows : "  It was the beginning of a revolution . A revolution Aaron -LSB- Rappaport , Skylark 's producer , played by Rogen -RSB- and I started . " They continue by noting that this "  revolution " was not one waged with ordinary weapons , but with the power of the media -- and with what can only be defined as trollery . "  This was a revolution , " he continues , "  ignited with nothing more than a camera and some questions . Questions that led a man once revered as a god among mortals to cry and sh*t his pants . The end . " It 's a concise summary of the new era in which we live , where the ability to manipulate media and technology has increasingly become a critical strategic resource , where combat is conducted not just on battlefields but on servers and screens and social networks , and where it 's increasingly impossible to tell the difference between pranks , crimes and acts of war . Welcome to the Troll Age . Buckle your seat belts -- and change your passwords .	Jeff Yang : Films have often helped shape course of history Uncertainty still surrounds Sony hack , Yang says But it may mark the emergence of a new chapter in geopolitics , he says
CNN  -- George Sodini , the man who killed three women and wounded nine others before killing himself Tuesday at a Pennsylvania fitness center , showed in his writings typical characteristics of a mass murderer , experts say . George Sodini failed at every relationship but could n't blame himself , experts say . "  What distinguishes the mass murderer who takes his own life afterwards from the person who just commits suicide is the externalization of blame , " said James Alan Fox , a Northeastern University professor of criminal justice and author of six books on mass murder . "  If you blame yourself for your problems , then maybe you direct your violence inwardly . If you blame other people for your failures , like Sodini did , you go after those people . " Sodini 's blog vents his frustration and rage at the lack of relationships and sex in his life , and he blames all women for letting him down . Although Sodini expressed intense hatred for his brother and father , "  it also did n't surprise me in this case that he made some derogatory comments about his mother , " said Dr. J. Reid Meloy , a forensic psychologist and clinical professor of psychiatry at the University of California , San Diego . "  A lot of times , when there 's this level of hatred against women , there 's also a very antagonistic relationship with the mother , but it gets shifted onto other women . " Watch what Sodini reveals about himself on video " Sodini did not target specific women who had hurt him but all women , Fox said . "  He had an issue with women who were not giving him the time of day -- all these young , beautiful , attractive , healthy , fit women at the health club , " Fox said . "  And so he specifically chose the health club , not just some random spot , to go after the people he blamed . " Mass killers feel that they have been victimized and that their actions are justified , Fox and Meloy said . "  They 've been victimized by someone at work , by someone in the family , by the world in general ; they 've been dealt a bad hand , " Fox said . "  And ... they feel at the very end they can stand up -- with a gun -- and restore that power imbalance . They often see the gun as the great equalizer . "  This act , this final act of murder , is a way to leave this world feeling some degree of satisfaction of , in the end , being the last one to have the best and last laugh , " Fox said . See a timeline of mass shootings since 2005 " "  The concept here is really , really hard for most people to grasp , and that is the sense of entitlement , that ' I have a right to murder all of these women because of my personal frustration , ' " Meloy said . "  It 's absolutely astonishing that a person can come to that mind-set . " Neither expert treated Sodini , but both noted that Sodini 's act , like most mass murders , was anything but spontaneous . "  His blog is a striking example of how mass murders are planned , relatively carefully planned , over the course of days , weeks or , in this case , months , " Meloy said . "  There 's this myth that mass killers just snap and go berserk and suddenly , without warning , shoot indiscriminately , " Fox said . "  Well , he had been thinking about this for some time . He had originally planned to commit the mass murder in January -LSB- but -RSB- ` chickened out , ' as he said . But this shows a lot of methodical planning , thinking . " That hesitation , as well as his possible hesitation on the day of the killings , is unusual , Meloy said . "  Typically , as these guys are doing it , they have no ambivalence , " he said . "  The have made the decision to maximize casualties and to also kill themselves , as he did . " Often some humiliating event "  starts the clock " and sets long-laid plans in motion , Meloy said , but he did n't see evidence of such an incident in the hours or days before Sodini 's rampage . "  These guys are very narcissistically sensitive , meaning that the kind of insult or slight that you or I would just fluff off , these guys will ruminate and think about it and do that for long periods of time , " Meloy said . Sodini was not a bad-looking man ; he was intelligent and had a good job , so his failure to attract women must have had something to do with his behavior , Meloy said . But Sodini could n't see that . "  He had difficult and unhappy and unsuccessful relationships with everybody , " Fox said . "  What he was never able to do was to see that perhaps the problem was him . Maybe there 's a reason why everybody rejects him , no one wants to be close to him . Maybe it 's something about his own personality . "  But mass murderers do n't look at things that way . If they saw themselves as being the culprit , perhaps they would just commit suicide . But no . Everyone else is to blame . "	George Sodini 's writings reveal typical characteristics of mass killers , experts say Shooter shifted blame for self-induced problems onto others Mass murderers feel violence is appropriate response , psychologist says Attack was result of meticulous planning , not a spontaneous outburst
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The U.S. soldier accused of killing 16 civilians during a weekend rampage has been transferred out of Afghanistan while awaiting charges , the NATO command said late Wednesday . The still-unidentified Army staff sergeant was transferred on the recommendation of advisers to Gen. John Allen , the commander of U.S. and allied forces in Afghanistan , and because "  we do not have the proper facility in Afghanistan to detain him for longer than he is being held , " said Capt. John Kirby , a Pentagon spokesman . A defense official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN that the man was flown to Kuwait , which has the U.S. military legal infrastructure and personnel to deal with the suspect . The NATO command in Kabul said "  some Afghan officials " were alerted about the transfer before it was carried out . Afghanistan 's parliament has demanded a public trial for the suspect , but U.S. officials said they will handle the investigation and prosecution themselves . The news came as U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta visited with troops at a base in Afghanistan , calling Sunday 's killings -- as well as the accidental burning of Qurans by U.S. troops last month and the deadly riots that resulted -- "  deeply troubling . " "  We have to learn the lessons from each incident so we do everything possible they do n't happen again , " Panetta said , adding that the "  tragic " incidents "  do not define the relationship between the coalition forces and the Afghan people . " And before meeting with Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak , Panetta praised the performance of Afghan authorities in responding to those incidents . "  We 've been through some difficult events in the past few weeks , and yet the army and the police have been able to maintain order and have been able to control the situation , " he said . "  And that tells me that you have gained a great deal of respect and trust with the Afghan people , and that 's extremely important if we are to exceed in this mission of transitioning all of the areas in Afghanistan to Afghan control , governance and security . " Marines disarmed before Panetta appearance Panetta flew into Afghanistan on Wednesday , making him the first high-ranking U.S. official to visit the country since the weekend deaths . Panetta 's two-day trip was scheduled long before the killing spree and does not include a trip to the area of Kandahar province where the killings took place . A huge explosion killed eight people Wednesday in Helmand province , which Panetta was visiting , but he was not affected . The massive roadside blast ripped through a minivan , leaving its victims unrecognizable , the Helmand government said . The government blamed "  terrorists " for the bombing . In a separate incident , a motorcycle bomb exploded in Kandahar , killing an Afghan intelligence agency security guard who was trying to defuse it , a government media agency said . Three others , including a civilian , were injured . It was unclear if the bombing was related to Sunday 's killings . The Taliban have threatened to behead Americans in response to Sunday 's shootings , which killed nine children , three women and four men in a pair of villages near a U.S. outpost . Afghan President Hamid Karzai calling the shootings "  acts of terror and unforgivable . " Despite some protests and local violence , the country has not erupted the way it did last month when U.S. troops burned copies of the Quran and other Islamic religious materials . Military officials said the materials had been seized from Afghan prisoners because they contained extremist messages . President Barack Obama called that incident a mistake and apologized for it , but those efforts did not head off riots and reprisal attacks that left at least six American troops and dozens of Afghans dead . "  The tragic events of recent days are a reminder that this continues to be a very difficult mission , " Obama said Wednesday in Washington at a joint news conference with British Prime Minister David Cameron . But , he added , "  our forces are making very real progress dismantling al Qaeda , breaking the Taliban 's momentum , and training Afghan forces so that they can take the lead and our troops can come home . " At an upcoming NATO summit in Chicago , "  we 'll determine the next phase of transition , " Obama said . "  This includes shifting to a support role next year , in 2013 , in advance of Afghans taking full responsibility for security in 2014 . " He vowed that the United States and allies will take steps to be sure the transition does not "  result in a steep cliff at the end of 2014 , but rather is a gradual pace that accommodates the developing capacities of the Afghan national security forces . " He called for various factions in Afghanistan "  to end 30 years of war . " Cameron said the transition to Afghan control is under way . "  We are now in the final phases of our military mission , " he said . Once the combat role ends , "  we 'll also back President Karzai in working towards an Afghan-led political settlement , " he vowed . Panetta met Wednesday with top U.S. and British military leaders and spoke to a group of about 200 troops at Camp Bastion and Camp Leatherneck . He then planned to travel to a nearby forward operating base to meet more coalition troops before flying to Kabul . His arrival came a day after Afghan forces came under fire during a funeral for victims of the shooting rampage , while protesters angered by the killings blocked a major highway in the country 's southeast . The Taliban -- who have battled U.S. and NATO troops as well as Afghan government forces since the 2001 invasion after the September 11 attacks -- issued a statement after Sunday 's killings describing U.S. troops as "  sick-minded American savages . " They said they would take revenge "  by killing and beheading Americans anywhere in the country . " The U.S. military said the Army sergeant blamed for the killings acted alone . Two senior military officials told CNN that images from security cameras around his outpost showed the suspect leaving and returning alone to the base . There is another image showing him lying in a field . A separate military source said there is imagery showing the suspect "  low crawling " through the area outside the base . The image was collected from what the official described as an aerial asset . The suspect then is shown getting up and walking back to the outpost , according to a senior U.S. military official with direct knowledge of the information . The arrival and departure images were taken by base surveillance cameras . A military search party was put together to look for the missing soldier , but it 's unclear to what extent searchers got under way before he returned to the base , the official said . The soldier , whom the military has not named , has yet to be charged . He turned himself in to his fellow Americans after the killings and could face the death penalty , Panetta has said . The officials have described the suspect as a staff sergeant from an infantry unit assigned to support Special Forces troops in Kandahar province , the Taliban heartland and a leading focus of the U.S.-led counterinsurgency strategy in Afghanistan . Military authorities have presented a determination of probable cause to allow them to keep the sergeant in detention , an International Security Assistance Force official told CNN . Investigators are looking into whether alcohol may have been a factor in the attack . Toxicology tests on the suspect are not complete , the two senior military officials said . The suspect served three tours of duty in Iraq before being deployed to Afghanistan , according to the U.S. military . During the suspect 's last deployment , in 2010 , he was riding in a vehicle that rolled over in a wreck , according to a senior Defense Department official , who also spoke on condition of anonymity . After the wreck , the sergeant was diagnosed with traumatic brain injury but was treated and then found fit for duty , the official said . Speaking Tuesday at the White House , Obama said he has told Karzai that the United States "  takes this as seriously as if it was our own citizens and our own children who were murdered . " "  The killing of innocent civilians is outrageous and it 's unacceptable . It 's not who we are as a country and it does not represent our military , " he said . A U.S. military investigation "  will follow the facts wherever they lead us , and we will make sure that anybody who was involved is held fully accountable with the full force of the law , " he added . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy and Sara Sidner and journalist Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this report .	NEW : The suspect in the Afghan killings has been flown to Kuwait , a defense official said Obama vows to avoid a "  steep cliff " when Afghans take full responsibility in 2014 Cameron : We are in the "  final phases " of the military mission An Afghan suffered severe burns in an incident , as Panetta arrived
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was successfully transferred Friday to a Houston hospital from Tucson , Arizona , and physicians described the brain-injured congresswoman as "  doing great . " "  I 'm very pleased to bring the news that the transfer of Gabby from the University Medical Center in Tucson to Memorial Hermann Hospital here went flawlessly , " Dr. Randall Friese of the UMC Trauma Center said at a Houston news conference . While saying an assassin 's bullet "  did damage some portions " of Giffords ' brain , Dr. John Holcomb of Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center said Giffords is "  doing great . " "  She could have been a lot worse , " Holcomb said . "  This was a tangential gunshot wound . Fortunately , it did n't go crosswise " through her brain , he said . Dr. Dong Kim of Memorial Hermann said a 30-minute exam of Giffords found that she has "  very good movement on the left side of her body . " He added that her physical therapy and rehabilitation will be a four - to six-month process . "  We tested her vision and she did n't like us shining the light in her eyes and wanted to keep them closed , and these are all very good signs , " Kim said . "  She also had pretty good tone in her leg , " he said . "  She just looked spectacular . " But , he said , "  there are varying stages of what we call paralysis or weakness " on her right side . "  In her arm , we are not seeing much tone and we 're not seeing much movement , " Kim said . But he noted that Giffords did show movement in her arms during her hospitalization in Tucson , so results could change . "  We really think over the next few months she 's going to do remarkably well , " Kim said . "  There 's no question that she is aware of what 's happening . " Giffords is able to move her lips , Kim said . "  Whether she can mouth words , we 'll have to wait and see , " he added . Portions of Giffords ' skull that were removed are still frozen in a sterile bag , and it could be weeks , if not months , before those portions are surgically returned to her head , doctors said . "  The transfer of that is not a big deal , " Kim said of such surgery . Giffords has been in intensive care for the past 13 days since she was shot in the head January 8 during a meet-and-greet outside a Tucson supermarket . Physicians expressed concern Friday about infection , saying they will be monitoring that over the next few days . Friese , who accompanied Giffords in the ambulance ride in Tucson from the hospital to the airport , said that Giffords could hear the cheers of well-wishers from the sidewalks Friday . "  She smiled and actually began to tear a little bit , " Friese said . Giffords left the Tucson hospital where she had been treated since alleged assassin Jared Lee Loughner , now in custody , shot her in the head . Loughner , 22 , is accused of killing six people , including a judge , and wounding a total of 13 , including Giffords . The congresswoman arrived at Houston Hobby International Airport shortly after 1 p.m. and was flown in a helicopter to Memorial Hermann . Although previous reports had indicated she would move directly to a rehabilitation facility affiliated with the hospital , she instead was taken to the hospital 's trauma center for evaluation and treatment , Kim said . "  She 's not quite ready for rehabilitation yet , " he said , citing concerns about ongoing medical issues . He declined to elaborate . The hospital said in a statement that she will be transferred to the rehabilitation facility , TIRR Memorial Hermann , when her health allows . Giffords left the Tucson hospital in an ambulance escorted by police and a group of motorcyclists from the Veterans of Foreign Wars . The procession traveled to Davis-Monthan Air Force Base , where she was carried aboard an airplane for the flight to Houston . The move is the latest in a string of milestones for Giffords since the 40-year-old congresswoman was shot in the forehead . On Thursday , she was able to go outside for the first time since the shooting . "  Today , actually , we were glad to say that we were able to take her outside and she was able to do her physical therapy , " Dr. Peter Rhee told CNN 's John King . "  We gave her some fresh air and also gave her some sunshine , " said Rhee , speaking from outside University Medical Center . "  She was able to see the Arizona mountains . " Giffords ' husband , Navy Capt. Mark Kelly , described his wife 's progress as "  remarkable " Thursday , saying he is hopeful she will make a full recovery . "  I 've told her that , " Kelly told reporters at University Medical Center . "  She recognizes it . ... She is a fighter like nobody else that I know . " Giffords is able to stand with assistance , but is not yet able to take steps or walk , said Rhee , adding that therapists are helping Giffords with ways to express her thoughts and , eventually , speak . "  We are  holding her up so she can train herself to hold her head up , " Rhee said . "  She is learning to balance and learning all the little things we can take for granted . " On Wednesday , the public learned that Giffords was able to rise from her hospital bed and stand with assistance . Kelly said he believes she has tried to speak , although she is prevented from doing so by a breathing tube in her neck ; and he believes she is aware of her surroundings , saying he can look into her eyes and tell . She will smile at him and pat him on the face -- something she did before the shooting , he said . "  Every time I interact with her , there 's something quite inspiring , " he said . A federal grand jury indicted Loughner on Wednesday on three charges of attempted murder . The indictment charges Loughner with attempting to kill Giffords and two of her aides , Ron Barber and Pamela Simon . Legal experts said that more federal charges against Loughner are likely . He is next set to appear in court Monday in Phoenix . "  I do n't think we 're ever going to fully understand the whys and the how and , you know , the reason for what happened on the 8th of January , " Kelly told reporters . "  It 's a loss of innocent life . The injury of a dozen people , the death of a 9-year-old girl , a federal judge and the serious traumatic injury to my wife Gabrielle -- we 'll never fully understand that . " CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Susan Candiotti and Roni Selig contributed to this report .	The flight of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords to Houston went "  flawlessly , " physician says While doctors say she looks "  spectacular , " she has some signs of "  weakness " "  In her arm , we are not seeing much tone , " another physician says She faces four to six months of therapy and rehabilitation
London  CNN  -- It 's a scene straight out of Cinderella : a princess in her royal wedding dress , riding in a horse-drawn carriage through majestic streets . That 's just what Kate Middleton may look like on her wedding day next month . Buckingham Palace announced Tuesday that a century-old gold-trimmed royal carriage will carry the new princess and her prince , William , from Westminster Abbey through central London to the palace . The same carriage -- called the 1902 State Landau -- has carried previous royal brides on their wedding days . William 's mother , Lady Diana Spencer , rode in it in 1981 after her marriage to Prince Charles , and Sarah Ferguson traveled in it five years later after she wed Prince Andrew . It was specifically built for King Edward VII in 1902 to be used at his coronation , and it remains the most-used carriage in the Royal Mews , usually used these days by Queen Elizabeth II when she meets foreign heads of state . It is an open-top carriage , so if it rains , the new royal couple will instead travel in the enclosed Glass Coach , another historic carriage , the palace announced . The Glass Coach was built in 1881 and purchased for use at King George V 's coronation in 1911 . Princess Diana and Sarah Ferguson used it on their way to their weddings , along with three other brides : Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon , who married the future King George VI in 1923 ; Princess Alexandra in 1963 ; and Princess Anne in 1973 . The wedding procession will take in some of central London 's most famous sights . After leaving the abbey , it will pass the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben , the prime minister 's residence at Downing Street , the Horse Guards Parade and the Mall : the long avenue that stretches from Trafalgar Square past St. James 's Park , straight to Buckingham Palace . As they make their way to the palace for their wedding reception , Middleton and William will be at the head of a five-carriage procession . Riding in the two carriages behind them will be the best man , William 's brother , Prince Harry ; the maid of honor , Middleton 's sister , Philippa ; and the bridesmaids . The queen and her husband will travel in the next carriage , with Prince Charles and his wife , Camilla , and Middleton 's parents riding together in the last . Eighteen horses will pull the five carriages , with the white-looking Windsor Greys , which are usually reserved for the queen , pulling the newlyweds . The carriages are maintained by Senior Carriage Restorer Martin Oates , whose family has been working in the mews for four generations . Like everyone working in the palace , Martin has his own particular concern : "  If the wheels fall off , then obviously I would lose my job , so that is a bit of a worry , " he said . Martin 's key task on the big day will be "  chocking , " which means fixing blocks of wood under the carriage wheels , so they do n't move as the passengers get in . As beautiful as they are , state carriages are n't always an easy way for passengers to travel . As the carriages move along , they swing around in a circular motion , which can make passengers feel queasy . Between now and the wedding , however , Middleton will have a chance to get used to the feeling -- and , crucially , to practice getting in and out . "  I think she will wish to practice getting in and out of the carriages , because obviously , on the day , she will be wearing a dress with a large train , " Crown Equerry Toby Browne said . "  And it 's a quite difficult event to get into a carriage and get settled so it looks perfect , but I think she 's very excited about it . " Middleton will take a more modern mode of transport to the abbey before the service , the palace announced . In fact , she plans to travel in the same Rolls-Royce used by Prince Charles and Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall , when they were attacked by protesters in London in December , Buckingham Palace said . "  Rolls Royce 1 , " which has glass in the back panels , is currently being repaired in readiness for for the April 29 wedding . "  It 's actually designed with visibility in mind , so you actually probably get a better view in the Rolls-Royce that she 's using than a closed carriage , " Palace Transport Manager Alexander Garty said . In December , students protesting increases in university costs hit the car with paint and cracked a window , as Charles and Camilla rode through a crowd en route to a show in central London . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	The carriage was built in 1902 for King Edward VII 's coronation Princess Diana rode in it with Prince Charles after their wedding Another carriage will be used if it rains Middleton will ride in a Rolls-Royce on her way to the wedding
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- More than 1,300 pounds of explosives were packed into a construction truck that detonated outside an Islamabad hotel , killing 57 people , including two Americans and a diplomat , officials said Sunday . A truck burns at the gate to the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad before a larger , deadly explosion Saturday . Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik said the Saturday attack at the Marriott Hotel "  is the biggest attack , volume-wise " in Pakistan in seven years . Two American military personnel who worked for the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad were among those killed , the U.S. military said . A Lithuanian and the Czech Republic 's ambassador to Pakistan , Ivo Zdarek , also were among the fatalities , police superintendent Sheikh Zubair said . The suicide truck blast injured 266 people , including 11 foreigners , according to Malik . Watch guards scatter after an explosion " British Airways temporarily suspended its flights to Islamabad as a result of the security situation , according to an airline spokeswoman who did not want to be named . A Sunday night flight has been canceled , and the airline is reviewing its operations for later in the week . British Airways operates at least three flights a week to the Pakistani capital out of London 's Heathrow Airport . At a news conference in Islamabad on Sunday , Pakistani authorities released security video of the blast , showing a small explosion inside the truck before the larger , deadly explosion . Watch the truck bomb caught on tape In the video , a large truck crashes into the security gate , sending one security officer scurrying for safety . Then , as security guards approach the truck , the top of the vehicle explodes and the security guards flee . A small cloud of smoke appears above the truck , which is engulfed in flames minutes later . One of the security guards tries to put out the fire with a hand-held extinguisher , to no avail . The guards then walk away , and the camera freezes on the burning truck . Pakistani officials said the blast apparently disrupted electricity to the area , causing the closed-circuit television camera to malfunction . No arrests have been made in connection with the attack , Malik said Sunday , adding that militants in Pakistan 's tribal regions are suspected of orchestrating the attack . "  I am not in a position to tell you who has done it , but -LSB- in -RSB- all the previous investigations , all the roads have gone to South Waziristan , " he said . South Waziristan is one of Pakistan 's seven tribal areas where Taliban and al Qaeda militants are active . At the bombing site , video showed a deep crater in the pavement where the bomb detonated . More than a dozen cars were reduced to twisted steel . The crater was 24 feet deep and nearly 60 feet wide , Malik said . The blast also caused a natural gas leak that set the top floor of the five-story , 258-room hotel on fire , police said . The blaze quickly engulfed the entire structure . Watch a witness describe walking over bodies " Most of the fatalities appeared to be drivers , who were waiting with their cars outside the Marriott , and hotel security guards , Geo TV 's Hamid Mir said . The hotel , where a standard room costs more than $ 300 per night , is near the compound that contains the Parliament building , the prime minister 's house , the Supreme Court and the presidency . The blast occurred about 7:50 p.m. , after the breaking of the fast during the holy month of Ramadan , Malik said . Trees were felled by the explosion , which occurred hours after newly elected President Asif Ali Zardari addressed a joint session of Parliament and promised to root out terrorism . Watch the scene the morning after the blast " A few hours after the attack , Zardari addressed the nation on television , saying he knows the pain of terrorism after his wife , former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , was killed in December on the campaign trail . "  My heart cries tears of blood . I can understand your pain . I want to ask you to turn this pain into your strength , " he said , describing extremism as "  a cancer , which we will finish . " "  In the holy month of Ramadan , no Muslim can act in this way . These people are not Muslims , " he said . "  I appeal to all democratic nations to help us get rid of this menace . " The Marriott , a Western brand-name hotel , has been the site of attacks in the past . See where the attack occurred " Malik said authorities had received a threat against Parliament two days ago . "  We had taken all security measures , " he said . "  There was heavy security in the city . " Located near the diplomatic section of the city and heavily guarded by police and the military , the hotel is popular among tourists and had been packed Saturday night . Any vehicle entering the facility is searched , its underside checked for bombs , before it is allowed to pass through heavy steel gates . Watch bombing victims rushed into hospital " The British High Commission in Islamabad said six British nationals -- five adults and one minor -- were injured in the attack , including three commission members . A Pakistani staff member of the commission was also injured , it said . A spokeswoman for the German Foreign Ministry said six Germans in the hotel were slightly hurt in the attack , and that all embassy personnel were accounted for . CNN 's Zein Basravi and Reza Sayah , and journalist Tomas Etzler contributed to this report .	NEW : Truck loaded with more than a half-ton of explosives , official says U.S. military says two Americans assigned to embassy among dead Pakistani president says of perpetrators : "  These people are not Muslims " Police : Ivo Zdarek , Czech Republic 's ambassador to Pakistan , died in hotel bombing
Lawrenceville , Georgia  CNN  -- You might recognize prominent primatologist Frans de Waal from lectures he has given about his research on primate behavior , which have been popularized on YouTube . His face is familiar to chimpanzees , too ; some chimps that he knew as babies still recognize him even after decades apart , he said . "  Chimpanzees have the advantage that you can not ask them questions , so you have to watch  their  behavior to see what they do , " says de Waal , director of Emory University 's Living Links Center , in his Dutch-accented voice that is both gentle and authoritative . He adds , with dry humor : "  With humans , you can ask questions and you get all sorts of answers I do n't trust , so I prefer to work with chimpanzees for that reason . " Living Links is part of the oldest and largest primate center in the United States : The Yerkes National Primate Research Center , a secluded grassy area in suburban Atlanta where humans work in office trailers and other animals play in open-air compounds . De Waal , who has been at the center for more than 20 years , has made a career out of finding links between primate and human behavior , particularly in the areas of morality and empathy . You might think of "  morality " as special for humans , but there are elements of it that are found in the animal kingdom , says de Waal -- namely , fairness and reciprocity . His latest study , published this week in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , suggests that chimpanzees may show some of the same sensibility about fairness that humans do . The popular belief that the natural world is based on competition is a simplification , de Waal says . The strength of one 's immune system , and the ability to find food , are also crucial . And many animals survive by cooperating . "  The struggle for life is not necessarily literally a struggle , " he said . "  Humans are a highly cooperative species , and we can see in our close relatives where that comes from . " Mammals such as wolves , orcas and elephants need their groups to survive , and empathy and cooperation are survival mechanisms . De Waal discusses these mechanisms in his 2009 book "  The Age of Empathy : Nature 's Lessons for a Kinder Society . " "  We think that empathy evolved to take care of others that you need to take care of , especially , of course , between mother and offspring , which is universal in all the mammals , " de Waal said . Laboratory chimps get a new lease on life What it means to be fair De Waal is n't sure that his monkeys have what a philosopher would call a "  concept of justice " in an intellectual sense . But the emotional reactions researchers have observed indicates that there is , at a more basic level , a sense of justice among them . Among the questions he investigates : If an animal gets more than another , is there is a feeling that this is somehow unjust ? And if one shares food with another , is there an expectation of returning the favor ? In a 2008 study , de Waal and colleagues put two capuchin monkeys side by side and gave them a simple task to complete : Giving a rock to the experimenter . They were given cucumbers as a reward for executing the task , and the monkeys obliged . But if one of the monkeys was given grapes , something interesting happened : As observed in a popular video that de Waal showed in his TED talk , after receiving the first piece of cucumber , the capuchin monkey gives the experimenter a rock as expected . But upon seeing that the other monkey has grapes , the capuchin monkey throws the next piece of cucumber that it is given back at the researcher . Like children , the monkeys feel they "  need to get the same thing as somebody else , " de Waal said . Based on experiments such as these , de Waal came to believe that the sense of fairness observed in monkeys is egocentric . The capuchin monkeys were upset , selfishly , when they did n't get the grapes that their neighbors received . De Waal believed this model of fairness would apply to chimpanzees also . Chimpanzees are so closely related to us that they share 99 % of their DNA with humans . But the new study , which compares chimpanzees to young children , makes de Waal rethink that view . "  Now with this experiment , we are thinking that they have a higher level , where they worry about reward division in general , " he said , "  and it 's now unclear how they differ from humans . " The new study : A human sense of fairness ? In the new study , de Waal and colleagues had chimpanzees and , separately , young children , play an "  ultimatum game . " This is "  the gold standard of fairness for humans " because it has been played all over the world , by people in different cultures , to show that , universally , humans appear to have a sense of fairness . Here 's a video of the experiment The basic structure of an ultimatum game is that there are rewards that can be divided between two individuals . One proposes how to divide them and the other accepts or rejects this offer . If the receiver rejects , no rewards are given out . Human trials have shown that people usually propose a generous division of the goodies , such as half and half or 60 % and 40 % , de Waal said . In the version used in the new experiment , six adult chimpanzees and 20 human children , between ages 2 and 7 , participated . The setup was such that a token could be traded for equal rewards for both partners , and a token that would give more goodies to the partner who made the choice . In some trials , one partner proposes a reward division to the other via a token , and the receiver must accept the token in order for both parties to get rewards . In others , the partner 's acceptance is not required . The researchers found that chimpanzees and children both tended to make decisions about splitting rewards similarly to adult humans . In the situation where the responder could accept or reject the division of rewards , both chimpanzees and children tended to split the rewards with their partners . But when the partner was not given the opportunity to reject the proposal , chimps and kids tended to choose the selfish arrangement -- a token that favored the chooser . Controversial results So , does this mean that chimpanzees show the same sense of fairness as humans ? Keith Jensen of the University of Manchester , who has conducted similar experiments in the past , is n't so sure . His results did not show that chimpanzees have a sense of fairness . Jensen is concerned about the results of this new study because it 's not clear that the responders knew that they could reject offers . None of the participants , human or chimp , ever rejected the offers of their partners . "  The fact that responders never rejected nonzero offers suggests that they were not sensitive to unfairness but were only motivated by getting food for themselves , regardless of the intentions of the proposers or the consequences for them , " he said in an e-mail . But de Waal said that responders did display negative reactions in response to some offers . Chimps would spit water and the children would say something like "  You 're getting more than me " in response to a selfish offer . "  That indicates that they know what 's going on , " he said . Jensen also criticized the design of the experiment because participants were primarily interacting with the researchers , not each other . Although one chimp had to pass a token to the other , this could be just a necessary step to get food , not a sign of agreement with the offer , he said . But de Waal stands by the study . There are very few studies of this nature on chimpanzees compared to in humans , and more research should be done to explore the nature of the sense of fairness of human relatives . Meet one of the oldest chimpanzees in captivity The secret lives of primates There 's still a lot that humans do n't know about their close relatives . De Waal has made some fascinating inroads , however , including a study showing that chimpanzees can look at the behind of another chimpanzee and match it to the corresponding face , provided it 's a chimp they know . This shows that the chimps have "  whole-body knowledge , " a concept that has not been rigorously tested in humans , he said . The research won him a 2012 Ig Nobel prize , honoring research that is both humorous and thought-provoking , shared with Jennifer Pokorny . And he has also studied yawn contagion , the phenomenon of one person yawning in response to another person 's yawn . Those who are sensitive to yawns tend to be more empathetic people , and friends and family members yawn more with each other than with strangers . This has also been shown in chimpanzees , who will yawn if another chimp they know yawns too . But de Waal is n't sure , for instance , why three females were patrolling their compound when CNN visited in October . Males , though , have a clear purpose in patrolling : In the wild , they do it to protect their territory , de Waal said . Perhaps , he postulates , the females are mimicking the males . Chimp males compete with each other regularly , but also come together to repair their relationships , de Waal said . This pattern of behavior is seen in human families and in the workplace -- these cycles of one-upmanship and reconciliation . "  There are many animals who are very good at cooperation , and I 'm personally not convinced that we humans are necessarily best at that , but we are very good at it , that 's for sure . " His next book , coming out this spring , is called "  The Bonobo and the Atheist : In Search of Humanism Among the Primates , " which brings together evidence that there are biological roots in human fairness and addresses the role of religion in society .	Prominent scientist Frans de Waal studies morality in primates His new study suggests that chimps have a human sense of fairness Chimps yawn in response to other chimps yawning , just like humans , his research suggests
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong 's busy harbor is never short of action , but the great big yellow duck that floated into town on Thursday captured the city 's attention . Thousands lined the harbor front and work ground to a halt in offices with sea views as the much-hyped ` Rubber Duck ' made its grand entrance . For two weeks local media has been on something of a "  duck watch , " closely monitoring the movements of the 16.5-meter  54 feet  inflatable sculpture . The man behind the seriously over-sized bath toy , Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman , described the Hong Kong response as overwhelming and said he was happy to have finally made it to the city , his first visit . "  I 've wanted to come for years -- and my duck made it here before me ! " he quipped . The sunshine-yellow duck drew up beside Ocean Terminal to the sound of a brass band and thousands of camera shutters . "  Hong Kong has been changed forever , " declared Hofman as his inflatable friend lent a surreal air to the city 's iconic skyline . It 's a very well traveled duck . Since it started on its global adventures , Rubber Duck has taken up temporary residence in cities all over the world , including Osaka , Sydney , Sao Paolo and Amsterdam . It will be in Hong Kong 's Victoria Harbour until June 9 . For children ? Though it may be modeled on a child 's toy , this massive public art installation is n't just for kids . "  I see it as an adult thing . It makes you feel young again . It refers to your childhood when there was no stress or economic pressure , no worry about having to pay the rent , " said Hofman . There were a lot of smiles and laughter as Rubber Duck made its splash but Hofman says he does n't expect everyone to react with big grins . "  If it makes you smile , then that 's OK , but maybe it makes you cry because of the urban environment . I make work not to give answers but to question things , " said the 36-year-old father of three . Hofman conceived the idea for the project in 2001 . Twelve years on his own reaction to Rubber Duck is no longer simple . "  It 's getting complex because I have so many thoughts about it and so many minutes of talking and thinking about it , " he said . He urged everyone who can to get out and enjoy the free public art . "  Be amazed , be creative . Look at it with your eyes and absorb the energy of the work in this location , " he said . Next stop for Rubber Duck is the United States . The exact destination is a closely guarded secret . "  I ca n't say , it 's confidential , " said Hoffman . "  In the States it will stay a secret until the last week . " Inflatable Rubber Duck Exhibition , May 2 to June 9 , 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. , Ocean Terminal , Harbour City -- Victoria Harbour and Forecourt . Rubber Duck Photo Exhibition , May 1 to May 26 , 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. , Gallery by the Harbour , Ocean Centre , Harbour City . Both exhibitions are free .	Rubber duck is six stories tall Will be on display in Hong Kong until June 9 Next stop ... the United States
CNN  -- Urine and feces have been a hot topic among Hong Kongers the past week , leading to Chinese netizens calling for a boycott of Hong Kong on June 1 . It all began with a dispute between locals and Chinese mainland tourists over a toddler who reportedly answered the call of nature on a Hong Kong street . Videos of the clash went viral over the last week , stirring online uproar in both Hong Kong and the mainland , prompting Foreign Policy to brand the incident "  bladdergate . " Several video clips capturing the alleged event have spread around the Internet . In one , seen by CNN , A Hong Konger can be seen yelling "  We have called the police , " while the enraged father asks , "  Do you have kids ? Do n't your kids need to pee ? " The mother claimed not to know where the toilets were . Some locals came out in the parents ' defense , saying , "  Do n't scare the kid . It 's not a big deal . " The fiasco ends when the police arrive . The parents were arrested on suspicion of theft and assault , but were not charged . Under Hong Kong 's Public Cleansing and Prevention of Nuisances Regulation , no person in care or custody of any child under 12 years of age shall permit , without reasonable cause , such child to answer the call of nature in public places . The man was released unconditionally while the woman was released on bail and has to report back to the police in mid-May . The boycott pledge When news of the clash hit the Internet , many Chinese netizens called out Hong Kongers for their perceived lack of empathy and for filming the urinating toddler . Hong Kongers countered that it was uncivilized for Chinese parents to let their kids urinate on the street . One Chinese netizen on a popular Chinese forum , Tianya , pledged to boycott Hong Kong from June 1 . "  If us , the mainlanders , stopped traveling to Hong Kong for months , they will come begging us to go back , " he said in his declaration . "  We are not entirely sealing off Hong Kong but just to show them we are god as we are the consumers . " Some netizens agreed with the action while some said it might be a conspiracy to stir conflicts between the two parties as Hong Kong 2017 's universal suffrage 's public consultation is on the way . Hong Kong has been fighting for a universal suffrage for the chief executive election in 2017 , which has in the past been chosen by a small group of elites and said to be influenced by the Chinese government . On the other hand , similarly irritated Hong Kong netizens were thrilled at the prospect of a boycott . "  Who cares for your money , you who think shopping is an act of charity , " said one commenter on Apple Daily , a local news website . "  Remember to keep your promise and never come to Hong Kong again . " Another said , "  It 's the first movement both Hong Kong and China support ! " Mass urination ? The fiasco has escalated to another , smellier level . Another pledge on the same forum was posted under the heading "  Declare war on Hong Kong 's civilization ! " The poster asks Chinese tourists to let their children relieve themselves on the streets of Hong Kong during the upcoming Labour Day holiday , which spans a week from May 1 . Hong Kong netizens called for a photography competition on Facebook in response , telling locals to take photos as evidence if toddlers are seen relieving themselves in public places . Sohu , a popular online news outlet and platform in China , even conducted a survey on the incident , asking : "  A mainland toddler spotted urinating on the street of Hong Kong was reported to the police . What do you think ? " Out of more than 260,000 responses , about 40 % said they consider it a prejudice against mainlanders by Hong Kongers . Another 40 % thought it 's understandable that a child would urinate on the street if there 's a line of people outside the washroom . Global Times , a tabloid owned by the state news media People 's Daily , quoted academics on the case . "  Some Hong Kong citizens , especially the young , have no cultural identification with the mainland and they have always seen mainlanders as uncivilized people , " said Zhu Shihai , a professor from the Central Institute of Socialism , in the Global Times . Zhu dismissed the incident , saying Hong Kongers were being "  overdramatic , in this case . " Zhang Dinghuai , a professor at the Contemporary Chinese Politics Research Institute of Shenzhen University , told the Global Times that people with vicious intentions have deliberately upgraded a simple incident into a conflict .	Clash between Hong Kongers and Chinese tourists after Chinese toddler filmed urinating on street Angered Chinese netizens call for a boycott of Hong Kong on June 1 Other Chinese calling on parents to let their children relieve themselves in public en masse in response to the outcry
New York  Financial Times  -- BP has put in place safety systems for offshore drilling that are ahead of any other company 's , the UK oil group has said as it prepares for the trial over the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster . The company has set out for the first time details of how it has restructured its operations and invested in new technology in an attempt to show that the mistakes that led to the fatal explosion and huge oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico will not be repeated . Richard Morrison , who is about to take over as president of the company 's operations in the Gulf of Mexico , said changes brought in since the disaster represented a greater investment in safety than for any of BP 's competitors , and were "  laying the foundations for a very safe company " . BP 's new safety procedures will have no direct bearing on the civil trial over the spill , which is scheduled to start on February 25 . However , the company has been talking about what it sees as profound changes in its practices in order to improve its image in the US , and with other governments and companies worldwide . Mr Morrison highlighted changes such as a new unit in Houston focused on monitoring wells being drilled offshore to watch for signs of trouble : a function that he said had no parallel in other companies . BP is also setting up its own training facility to teach engineers and supervisors how to manage possible leaks of oil and gas of the kind that caused the Deepwater Horizon disaster , which an instructor described as aiming to be "  the Harvard of well control " . BP is now more active in the Gulf of Mexico than ever , with seven rigs drilling wells , and was the region 's largest producer of oil and gas last year . Facing challenges in other parts of the world , and having sold its Russian joint venture TNK-BP , it sees the US as central to its plans for future growth . However , the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon still overshadows the company 's prospects . In its settlement last year with the US Department of Justice of the criminal charges against it , BP admitted that negligence on the part of its employees -- along with other companies -- was a "  proximate cause " of the accident . That led to debarment from new federal contracts , which means that BP can not take out any new drilling leases in the gulf until the ban is lifted . The DoJ said last year in a memo filed to the court in New Orleans hearing the civil case over the spill that it planned to prove BP had acted with "  gross negligence or wilful misconduct " that had caused the accident . BP denies this gross negligence . The Deepwater Horizon disaster followed other failures including a leak from a pipeline in Alaska in 2006 and the Texas City refinery explosion in 2005 , which killed 15 people in one of the US 's worst industrial accidents of recent years . After those accidents Tony Hayward , who took over as chief executive in 2007 , promised to restructure the company to focus on safety "  like a laser " . Mr Morrison said the company had been pushing ahead with those changes , which had not been fully implemented at the time of the Deepwater Horizon accident , and introducing new systems and technologies as a result of the lessons it had learnt from its investigation of the disaster . For example , he said staff of BP 's new Safety and Operational Risk organisation , set up by Mr Hayward 's successor Bob Dudley in 2011 , now had the authority to order that an operation be stopped , when the previous safety body had more of an advisory role . Another change was that the importance of process safety -- focusing on an operation as a whole , rather than small individual accidents -- was one of the lessons of the Texas City disaster and has now been emphasised in the drilling operations as well as BP 's refineries , Mr Morrison said .  The Financial Times Limited 2013	UK oil group claims it has drilling safety systems ahead of any other company 's BP blamed in large part for 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in Gulf of Mexico BP has new unit monitoring wells being drilled offshore , training facility DoJ : BP acted with "  gross negligence " for its part in Deepwater Horizon spill
CNN  -- The world 's fastest man , Usain Bolt , has escaped serious injury in a car crash in his native Jamaica which wrecked his high-speed sports car . Jamaican flyer Bolt claimed 100 meters gold in Beijing in a new world record time . The IAAF , the world governing body of athletics , gave graphic details of Bolt 's lucky escape on its official Web site www.iaaf.org . The 22-year-old , who was driving his BMW M3 with two female passengers , lost control and went off a rain-soaked road . The car ended up overturned in a ditch and Bolt and his passengers had to clamber out through a bed of thorns before being taken to hospital in Spanish Town , near Kingston , as a precaution . Bolt was released after three hours , with his feet strapped with bandages , after undergoing a minor operation to remove embedded thorns from his foot . He told a local reporter : "  Me good man . Me all right , a just few cuts man , me all right . " As a result of the accident , Bolt will miss Saturday 's Jamaica International Invitational meeting and is expected to be sidelined for at least a week . "  We will continue to monitor his progress over the next few days , " Bolt 's agent Ricky Simms told reporters . "  It 's too early to say if this will have any impact on his training and racing program in the next few weeks . " Bolt is also set to come to England in mid-May to run in a special 150 meters street race in Manchester . A spokesman for the organizers told CNN that they were hopeful the sprint sensation would be fit to turn up . "  We are in constant contact with his management team and everything remains on track for him to come , " said Norman Hart . Bolt set world records in winning the 100 and 200 meters gold in the Beijing OIympics and claimed a third gold as Jamaica took the 4x100 meters relay . He was given the BMW by his sponsors as reward for his incredible success which catapulted him to global stardom .	Sprinter Usain Bolt fortunate to escape from car crash in his native Jamaica The world 's fastest man was taken to hospital after clambering from the wreck Bolt won three gold medals with his sensational displays in Beijing Olympics
CNN  -- Verrry scary things as we approached Halloween : 1 . Zombies . 2 . Vampires . 3 . David Ortiz . It was a dark and bone-chilling night in Boston , Massachusetts . A game of baseball was to be played -- a spine-tingly , goose-bumpy game , Game 6 of the 2013 World Series , in a park fenced in by a Green Monster -- and the visiting St. Louis Cardinals had a particularly petrifying sight to face on Halloween eve when , one by one , those wolfman-hairy Boston Red Sox came to bat : "  Big Papi . " Screams . A thunder clap . A lightning bolt . Oooh , as scary as the walking dead . Up to the plate he stepped , 6 feet 4 , 250 pounds , lugging a huge wooden club . A cardinal or two on the front of a St. Louis player 's shirt must have flown away in fear . The rest of the Red Sox were eerie enough , with those demented-farmer-from-a-horror-film faces of theirs . Yet it was not the dark whiskers of David Americo Ortiz that were intimidating to anybody . It was that bat . That dangerous , deadly , pitcher 's - bloodsucking bat . Sure enough , they tried to take that bat out of Ortiz 's huge hands . They walked him ... and walked him ... and walked him ... . and walked him . Four times , three of them intentional , but all for naught because the Red Sox took Game 6 anyway , 6-1 , to claim the World Series as their own on the green grass of home . He came to Wednesday night 's game hitting .733 . No , not .333 . Not even .533 , which would have been a fairly surreal bat stat . The monster masher known in New England to all as "  Big Papi " already had 11 hits in 15 official times at bat in this World Series , a fiendishly good , sell-your-soul batting average of .733 . Which is kind of like playing 18 holes of golf and getting birdies on 14 or 15 of them . Once when he DID N'T get on base , he walloped a ball to Fenway Park 's right-field wall that required a fence-banging , rib-bruising catch on the part of the Cardinals ' Carlos Beltran to prevent it from being a grand slam home run . Scary good , this guy has been . A banshee 's cry . A creaking door . On the opposite wall of Boston 's ancient park , the intimidatingly high left-field one nicknamed the "  Green Monster , " ghosts inside probably were cackling in delight whenever Ortiz lurched up to home plate . Wednesday 's game needed to be won by the visitors from Missouri to stay alive . They must have felt Fenway 's old walls closing in on them , like anxious villagers finding themselves trapped by Stephen King under a dome . St. Louis came armed with a strong team and a splendid pitching staff . Yet it had to at least consider the possibility of NOT having a pitcher throw a single pitch to Big Papi . At least not one he could hit . Wait ... you mean walk Ortiz on purpose every time up , no matter what ? It might beat getting beat by his bat . "  I remember them doing it to Frank Howard , " the former big-league outfielder Rick Reichardt said when I touched base with him before Wednesday 's game . September 2 , 1970 : Cleveland Indians vs. Washington Senators . The manager of the visiting team , Alvin Dark , had a dread of seeing 6-foot-7 , 255-pound Frank Howard stride toward the plate . "  He 's the monster man in baseball , " Dark once said of him . "  I never saw any man feared like this . " So , he intentionally walked Howard time after time . He made pitcher Sam McDowell walk him in the first inning .  Reichardt batted next and made an out .  Walked him in the third inning , even though Howard was the first man up .  Reichardt struck out .  Walked him in the fifth , again with none on base and none out .  Reichardt singled , then Howard scored on a wild pitch . It got weirder . Sixth inning , two Senators on base , Howard up , so the Cleveland manager decided to finally risk pitching to him . He told McDowell to go from the mound to first base . He brought in the great Dean Chance just to pitch to Howard , who promptly made Dark regret it with a base hit . Reichardt then knocked in a run and Washington won the game . Would you walk the Red Sox 's red-hot David Ortiz every time at bat ? "  Every at-bat , I would not , " Reichardt told me . "  But depending on the situation , it could be automatic . " This is the kind of fear that Barry Bonds struck in his foes . Bonds was walked intentionally a whopping 120 times in the 2004 season alone . That is insane . Yet to opposing managers , it felt more logical than letting Bonds have a chance to belt a home run . Sparky Anderson refused to let George Brett hit after being burned by him once too often . "  Anytime I 've got first base open , " Anderson said in the '80s when he was managing the Detroit Tigers , "  that 's where he 's going . " Walk him even with the bases full ? "  You bet , " Sparky said . "  That 's the way they pitched Ted Williams . I 'll take my chances with whoever 's on deck . " Ah , Ted Williams ... the scariest Red Sox of them all . Willie McCovey of the San Francisco Giants was once walked deliberately by Anderson four times in a game , whereupon he yelled to Anderson in the dugout : "  Who do you think I am , Ted Williams ? " Hmmm , maybe the specter of Ted Williams was there a-haunting Fenway Park as well , watching over Ortiz as the Red Sox went out hunting for the ultimate Halloween treat . The way that Ortiz had been hitting in this World Series , you could definitely describe it as Williams-esque . Big Papi , unlike the man once nicknamed the Splendid Splinter , is a baseball slugger in an era when many fans have become suspicious of a hitter 's success . Is his prowess the result of hard work and legitimate talent or are more sinister methods involved : a secret formula from a Frankenstein-like laboratory , perhaps ? Ahhh , but almost nobody seems to speculate that a banned steroid has ever passed through David Ortiz 's flesh and veins . He seems immune to suspicion , possibly due to his always being a man of considerable size , big arms , big trunk , big head , and not some 170-pound beanpole who transformed into a baseball-crushing beast . "  They pick me  to be drug-tested  every time , I do n't know why , " Ortiz said a few years ago with a bemused shrug . "  All I know is all they are going to find is a lot of rice and beans . " He came to Halloween eve looking to torment and haunt everyone from St. Louis to the very end . A maniacal laugh . A wolf 's howl . The Cardinals , well , they were looking to do whatever it took , short of garlic or a stake to the heart , to fend off Fenway Park 's scary bat . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey : David Ortiz may have been the scariest thing to face Cardinals this Halloween "  Big Papi " was awesome at the plate : 11 hits in 15 official times at bat before Game 6 Downey : Cardinals had to walk Ortiz four times in the final game ; they lost anyway Red Sox claimed the series as their own in large part due to Ortiz , Downey says
CNN  -- What has caused the Israelis to strike so hard inside Gaza ? Israel 's Deputy Prime Minister Dan Meridor told me Israel felt compelled to respond to what it sees as relentless Palestinian rocket attacks into Southern Israel which terrify civilians and force schools and business closures . But the view from Gaza is very different . Palestinians there say that what the Israeli military calls surgical strikes routinely kill civilians and they are cut off from the world with a total land , air and sea blockade . FAQ : What is Hamas ? Is this a serious escalation of the Israel/Palestinian conflict or just another skirmish ? This is the most serious Israeli offensive on Gaza since early 2009 , when an Israeli military ground war killed up to 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis . The question now is whether this will remain a contained incident or if this will turn into something bigger . Israel 's military says preparations are being made for a ground offensive , should the need for one arise . The coming days will determine how serious this incident is . iReport : Photos and video from inside the protests in Israel Already , we are seeing signs that this Gaza offensive is causing regional rifts . Egypt , which brokered a recent ceasefire agreement between Hamas and Israel , was so angry at the offensive it has recalled its ambassador to Israel . Opinion : New dangers in familiar Gaza violence Is there a danger that this will spill into wider turmoil ? Regionally , the Middle East is looking more and more unstable by the week . The tragic Syrian civil war is spilling over into Lebanon , the occupied Golan Heights , Jordan and Turkey . Israel is concerned about Iran 's nuclear program and the possibility that it will strike Iranian nuclear facilities are adding to those tensions . And now Egypt is signaling displeasure with Israel 's Gaza offensive . Will that test its treaties with the Jewish state ? There are many moving parts to keep an eye on . Are you there ? Share photos , video but stay safe What does it mean for the stalled Middle East peace process ? The moribund Middle East peace process is now suffering another setback . Remember , there 's an election next January and some have accused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of launching this offensive in order to benefit politically from appearing to take tough action against Hamas . There are no signs that peace talks between Israel and the Fatah government in the West Bank or any element of Hamas ' leadership is looking likely on any level .	Israel says its attack was in response to Hamas rocket attacks It is the most serious offensive in Gaza since 2009 Israel says contingency plans for a ground attack are in place
CNN  -- Football officials and players will hold last minute talks Friday to avert a strike that could see the start of the Spanish football season postponed for the first time in 27 years . Representatives of the Spanish Football League  LFP  and the Spanish Footballers ' Association  AFE  will make a final attempt to avoid a shut out , called due to the growing issue of unpaid wages . If an agreement ca n't be reached , Spain 's footballers will go on strike from Friday to Monday , effectively canceling the start of both the first and second divisions . Barcelona and Real Madrid will be the highest profile casualties of the postponement . "  We have made clear that all the players support the players ' association , " Barcelona striker David Villa told the Associated Press . "  If a solution is not found , we wo n't play . " The disagreement stems from Spain 's bankruptcy laws , which allow for the payment of wages to be delayed like any other debt . Six teams in Spain 's top flight are currently under bankruptcy protection with the AFE dealing with the cases of over 200 players owed close to $ 72 million . There has been almost universal support from players and coaches within the Spanish game . When CNN spoke to former Danish international Michael Laudrup , who is now in charge of La Liga side Majorca , he pointed to the discrepancies between the riches of Barcelona , Real Madrid and the rest of Spanish football . "  Not everything is Barca and Real Madrid here in Spain , " he told CNN 's World Sport . "  There are a lot of players not earning so much money and , of course , if they do n't pay you in twelve months , well , you have to get a loan from the bank . " "  I think it 's ok what the players are doing now . " If agreement ca n't be reached Friday morning , the strike will go ahead as planned and the start of the Spanish season will be delayed for the first time since 1984 .	A proposed players ' strike could postpone the start of the Spanish season Football officials and players ' representatives meet Friday to try to avoid a strike It would be first strike of its kind since 1984 Majorca coach Michael Laudrup tells CNN he supports the players
CNN  -- It was supposed to be a celebration -- sun , fun and relaxation on a tropical island for recent graduates savoring the heady taste of approaching adulthood . But instead , the trip to Aruba by a group of Birmingham , Alabama , high school seniors ended in tragedy , as one of their members , 18-year-old Natalee Holloway , never returned home . Questions surrounding her fate are unanswered five years later . Now , Joran van der Sloot , the youth twice arrested and released in Holloway 's disappearance -- seen by many as a privileged playboy who has displayed no remorse or concern over her whereabouts -- has been named a suspect in the stabbing death of a woman in Peru , allegations that hint at a chilling pattern . Holloway was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad , Aruba , nightclub with van der Sloot and two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe . She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham . Holloway failed to show up for her flight home the following day , and her packed bags were found in her hotel room . Van der Sloot and the Kalpoes were arrested and released in 2005 in connection with the case , then arrested a second time in 2007 after Aruba 's then-chief prosecutor Hans Mos said he had received new evidence in the case . Van der Sloot , then attending college in the Netherlands , was brought back to Aruba . But judges ruled the new evidence -- which included an Internet chat the same day Holloway disappeared with one of the three youths writing that she was dead -- was not enough to keep them in custody . In the years since Holloway vanished , van der Sloot has consistently denied any involvement in her disappearance , police said . "  He 's just totally , totally dragged us all through hell , " Holloway 's anguished mother , Beth Twitty , has said . In 2008 , a videotape surfaced on Dutch television . In it , van der Sloot tells a man he thought was a friend he had sex with Holloway on the beach after leaving the nightclub , then she "  started shaking " and lose consciousness . He said he panicked when he could not rescuscitate her and called a friend who had a boat . The two put Holloway in the boat , van der Sloot said , and he went home . The friend told him the next day that he had carried the body out and dumped it into the ocean . "  I do n't lose a minute of sleep over it , " van der Sloot said . He later claimed the account was a lie , saying he told the man what he wanted to hear . A court ruled there was not enough evidence to re-arrest him . Aruba chief prosecutor Peter Blanken said the story was "  unbelievable and not true . " But it 's been van der Sloot 's cavalier attitude toward the case that has fueled criticism , as well as conflicting statements he 's made . He told Fox News in a 2008 interview he sold Holloway to human traffickers for $ 10,000 , then in a taped interview denied it . At the time his name first surfaced in the Holloway investigation , suspicion swirled around his parents , particularly his father , an Aruban lawyer training to be a judge . Paul van der Sloot was briefly taken into custody in 2005 on suspicion of involvement in the Holloway case . Authorities said he told his son that police had no case without a body . He was released after three days of questioning . Holloway 's parents , however , have said they met with Paul van der Sloot and continue to believe he had the answers to questions regarding their daughter . "  I remember the day I met with Paul at the prison , " Dave Holloway has said . "  And the thing that stuck out in my mind was I asked him all the questions , why he hid from the news media . And the last question that I had was , was he involved , and he said no . He said , ` Dave , I can understand your position , but you 've got to understand mine . Joran 's my son and I 'll do everything I can to protect him . ' And I believe it . " Van der Sloot 's mother , Anita , has said her son told her he was on the beach with Holloway but left her there because she wanted to stay . She has maintained her son 's innocence . MORE	Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway disappeared in 2005 on Aruba Joran van der Sloot arrested twice , never charged Critics see youth as privileged playboy Has told conflicting stories in Holloway case
CNN  -- A suicide car bomb exploded Friday in the middle of a group of men playing volleyball in northwest Pakistan , killing 75 and wounding 60 , district police officials told CNN . The attack was the second this week in Pakistan to inflict major civilian casualties following Monday 's suicide bombing in Karachi targeting a Shiite procession which left at least 40 people dead . The terror attack happened in a residential neighborhood in the Lakki Marwat district of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , police said . Some of the casualties were residents from houses around the volleyball court , district police Chief Mohammed Ayub Khan told CNN . Khan said eight houses in the neighborhood collapsed , and the blast was so powerful it could be felt from 11 miles  18 kilometers  away . He said he believes that more than 600 pounds of explosives  300 kilograms  were used . Volleyball is a popular sport in the area , and more than 200 people were watching the game when the bomb went off , the police chief said . District police officer Asmat Ullah said it exploded in the village of Shah Hassan Khel , which is about 10 miles south of the district capital , also called Lakki Marwat , he said . The area used to be a hub for militants before the military flushed them out about two months ago , the police chief said . Since then , militants have been making threats to the community , Mushtaq Marwatt , a member of a local peace committee , said on a local TV channel . Earlier Friday in the nearby district of North Waziristan , a suspected U.S. drone attack killed four people , a Pakistani intelligence official said . A guided missile was fired at a car carrying militants at 8:50 a.m. in the village of Naurak , about 9.3 miles east of Miran Shah , according to an official from the political administration and an intelligence official . One other person was hurt in the attack , the officials said . It was not immediately clear whether those killed and injured were militants , the officials said . Two of the dead were Pakistanis . The nationality of the other two could not be immediately confirmed . The largely autonomous tribal region of North Waziristan is near the rugged border with Afghanistan . The border area has been the scene of heavy fighting between Pakistani military forces and the Taliban , the Islamic militia that also is battling U.S. forces in Afghanistan . The U.S. military routinely offers no comment on reported drone attacks . However , it is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from remote-controlled aircraft . A third unrelated attack Friday also took place near Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan . A remote-controlled explosive struck a car and killed five civilians , according to a representative from the Frontier Corps and a political administration official . It happened around 10 a.m. in the Salar Zar subdivision , in the Bajaur agency of the North West Frontier Province . Journalists Nasir Dawar and Nazar ul-Islam contributed to this report .	Area was hub for militants until military flushed them out two months ago Militants made threats to the community , member of local peace committee says Earlier , suspected U.S. drone attack killed four people , a Pakistani intelligence official said Attack follows deadly suicide blast in Karachi Monday in which 40 died
CNN  -- Check your ground beef before you grill this Memorial Day weekend . The USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service says stores in at least 15 states may have received beef contaminated with E. coli O157 : H7 . The service announced this week that 1.8 million pounds of ground beef products were being recalled because they could be contaminated . The federal agency has since named businesses that may have received the tainted products . Stores that may be affected include :  Gordon Food Service Marketplace stores in Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Michigan , Missouri , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Tennessee and Wisconsin  Giorgio 's Italian Delicatessen in Stuart , Florida  Surf N Turf Market in Sebring , Florida  Blairsville Seafood Market in Blairsville , Georgia  Butcher Block Plus in Decatur , Illinois  M Sixty Six General Store in Orleans , Michigan  Harvest Moon Co-op in Long Lake , Minnesota  Foscoe Country Corner in Boone , North Carolina  Bronson 's Super Valu in Beulah , North Dakota  Jason 's Super Foods in New Town , North Dakota  Buchtel Food Mart in Buchtel , Ohio  Chunky Foods in Girard , Ohio  Ian 's Market in Englewood , Tennessee  Quick Stop in Erwin , Tennessee  Virginia Market in Maynardville , Tennessee  Barger Foods in Nashville , Tennessee  Stanley Valley Market in Surgoinsville , Tennessee  Parkway Tobacco Express in Appomattox , Virginia  Kelley 's Market in Eagle Rock , Virginia  Virginia Heights Travel Store in Wytheville , Virginia What government tests found in your meat A representative for the U.S. Department of Agriculture said the meat is being removed from store shelves . But consumers should return or throw out meat that has the code EST. 2574B and a production date between March 31 and April 18 , 2014 . The ground beef is sold under a variety of labels , according to the USDA , but comes from Wolverine Packing Co. in Detroit . "  While none of the Wolverine Packing product has tested positive for the pathogen implicated in this outbreak , the company felt it was prudent to take this voluntary recall action in response to the illnesses and initial outbreak investigation findings , " said Chuck Sanger , a spokesman for Wolverine Packing . Eleven people across four states are suspected to have been sickened by the product , according to the USDA , which learned about the first such illnesses on May 8 . Ten of those people were sickened after eating at restaurants that received contaminated meat . But federal officials say regulations prohibit them from naming those restaurants . "  People who were exposed were already exposed , so it does n't help the public to tell them now that a certain restaurant was associated with these illnesses , " said David Goldman , assistant administrator for the Office of Public Health Science at the USDA . "  Our job really is to identify product that may still be available . " According to information officials received from the packing company , he said , the meat went to many states . "  The number changes . Yesterday , it was on the order of nearly 40 states , but we do n't -- that number changes . That 's part of the process , too , is to identify where the food -- the meat in this case -- was actually distributed , " Goldman said . The recall was categorized by the Food Safety and Inspection Service as Class I : a health hazard situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious , adverse health consequences or death . E. coli is a large group of bacteria that live in the intestines of people and animals , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Certain strains cause gastrointestinal illness in humans , with symptoms such as abdominal pain and diarrhea . An estimated 265,000 infections occur in the United States each year , the CDC says . People usually get sick three to four days after ingesting the bacteria and recover on their own . Young children , pregnant women , the elderly and people who have weakened immune systems  like cancer or HIV patients  are at greater risk for severe illness and death . The best way to avoid getting sick is by washing hands frequently when preparing food and avoiding cross-contamination by washing cutting boards , counters and utensils with hot , soapy water . Properly washing hands after using the bathroom and after coming into contact with animals or being in their environments -- anywhere there may be traces of feces -- also helps . Cooking meats thoroughly to at least 160 F or 70 C kills the bacteria and prevents infection as well . Using a meat thermometer will most accurately help you determine that the food is thoroughly cooked . Eatocracy : Do n't get sick from your picnic Food Safety and Inspection Service officials said in a news release that the agency is continuing to work with state and federal public health partners on the investigation and provide updated information as it becomes available . After CNN exclusive , USDA probing ` personnel issues ' in meat recall How 9 million pounds of bad meat escaped into the food supply Food safety tips from a pro CNN 's Chris Frates , David Fitzpatrick , Jacque Wilson , Miriam Falco , Elizabeth Cohen , William Hudson , Greg Botelho and Stephanie Smith contributed to this report .	1.8 million pounds of beef recalled for E. coli risk Recalled cases were from Wolverine Packing Co. . Stores in 15 states may have received contaminated beef There are reports of 11 people across four states getting sick
CNN  -- A sandy stretch in the tony Hamptons topped 2010 's best beaches list , compiled each year by a coastal scholar known as Dr. Beach . Coopers Beach , the main beach in the village of Southampton on the east end of Long Island , New York , took top honors this year on the 20th annual list released by Dr. Stephen P. Leatherman , director of the Laboratory for Coastal Research at Florida International University . Coopers Beach 's sandy shoreline is dotted with historic mansions and the picturesque St. Andrews Dune Church . Sarasota , Florida 's , Siesta Beach took the second spot on the list , followed by Coronado Beach in San Diego , California . Leatherman uses 50 criteria to evaluate the nation 's beaches , including water quality , sand quality , beach width and environmental management . The full list includes coastal recreation spots from Hawaii to Massachusetts : 1 . Coopers Beach in Southampton , New York 2 . Siesta Beach in Sarasota , Florida 3 . Coronado Beach in San Diego , California 4 . Cape Hatteras in the Outer Banks of North Carolina 5 . Main Beach in East Hampton , New York 6 . Kahanamoku Beach in Waikiki , Oahu , Hawaii 7 . Coast Guard Beach in Cape Cod , Massachusetts 8 . Beachwalker Park in Kiawah Island , South Carolina 9 . Hamoa Beach in Maui , Hawaii 10 . Cape Florida State Park in Key Biscayne , Florida	Coopers Beach in Southampton , New York , tops the 2010 best beaches list The list is compiled by a coastal researcher at Florida International University Second and third spots go to beaches in Sarasota , Florida , and San Diego , California
London , England  CNN  -- Singer George Michael has been charged with possession of cannabis and driving while unfit through drink or drugs , London 's Metropolitan Police Service said Thursday . Michael , 47 , was released on bail and told to appear at Highbury Corner Magistrates Court in north London on August 24 , police said . Police did not say what led to the arrest , but Michael -- whose real name is Georgios Panayiotou -- was widely reported to have been involved in an accident in the early hours of July 4 , in which he allegedly crashed his car into a north London photo shop . Michael was found guilty in 2007 of unfit driving through tiredness and prescription medication and received a two-year driving ban , according to British media . He was arrested again the following year near Hampstead Heath park in north London and cautioned for possession of a controlled substance , according to news reports .	Singer George Michael has been charged for possessing cannabis He was also charged for driving while unfit through drink or drugs It follows reports that he crashed his car into a shop in July
CNN  -- Truck driver Kevin Roper has been charged with death by auto and four counts of assault by auto in connection with the crash last weekend that killed comedian James McNair and injured comedian Tracy Morgan . The question has arisen : Why was he charged with death by auto and aggravated assault before we even know how he was driving ? In this sort of crash , what makes the difference between an accident and a crime ? The answers lie in the criminal code . Homicide Roper has been charged with "  death by auto " in connection with the killing of James McNair . In New Jersey , homicide as a crime is divided into three different categories : murder , manslaughter and -- in a category by itself -- death by auto . Vehicular homicide is causing a death by driving a vehicle or vessel "  recklessly . " There are two elements hidden in that definition . First , causation : The defendant has to have caused the death . It must be shown that the defendant caused the crash , the crash caused the death , and that the victim 's death was foreseeable . The concept of recklessness , however , is a little more difficult to grasp . Recklessness and negligence are often spoken of together , but they are two very different points on a "  mens rea "  state of mind  spectrum . Criminal negligence is the least blameworthy state of mind . It 's an "  objective " standard , which means that we simply ask if an ordinary , reasonable person would have done the same act -- the act that created the risk in the first place . The prosecution does n't have to prove that the defendant actually knew better , just that he should have known better . Recklessness is totally different . Both the negligent person and the reckless person create a risk of bodily injury , but the reckless person does so in conscious disregard of that risk . So , the state must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that this defendant 's driving created a substantial and unjustifiable risk of bodily injury . With recklessness , the state must also prove that the defendant consciously disregarded this risk , which was a gross deviation from what a reasonable person would have done . So how on earth does a prosecutor get into a defendant 's brain to know what he was thinking at the moment of impact ? The truth is that we never know for sure what a defendant actually thought -- unless , of course , the defendant tells us what he thought . Often defendants give statements or admissions to the police that can be introduced against them in court . While it 's true that hearsay  what the person told someone else  is supposed to be inadmissible , the admission of a criminal defendant is an exception to this rule . Of course , if a confession is obtained through compulsion or coercion , it is considered unreliable , and is inadmissible . But , as long as the state can prove conclusively that a confession was made voluntarily , it will be admissible . But how often does a driver admit to police "  I drove recklessly ? " Not often . Therefore , the law also permits us to draw inferences about a person 's state of mind , based just on their conduct . In fact , certain behavior is specifically considered reckless by the law . And that 's where this defendant may find his words come back to haunt him -- even if he never uttered the words "  reckless " to the police . New Jersey 's criminal code has this to say : " -LSB- p -RSB- roof that the defendant fell asleep while driving or was driving after having been without sleep for a period in excess of 24 consecutive hours may give rise to an inference that the defendant was driving recklessly . " The easiest way to find out a driver was dozing off is if he admits it . Since the defendant in this crash was alone , only he would be able to tell police if he was asleep . Even an offhand comment to investigators about "  drifting off " would have dire consequences , because it all but establishes a major part of the case against him . The 24-hour alternative could be proved with circumstantial evidence , such as records , communications , or even witness testimony . Either way , the state would have the burden of proving sleep . If the defendant admits to dozing off , he 's saved the state the inconvenience of its burden . See why criminal defense attorneys are always begging clients to not try to talk their way out of trouble ? This kind of homicide is a second-degree offense , punishable by up to 10 years in state prison , and there is a presumption of incarceration . This means if he 's convicted , he 's probably going to prison . Assault Roper has also been charged with "  assault by auto " in connection with the other injuries caused . Assault by auto also has the recklessness standard , but here the seriousness of injury also guides the degree of the crime charged . Assault by auto is a crime of the fourth degree if serious bodily injury results . On the other hand , if only "  bodily injury " results , it is only a disorderly persons offense . It 's interesting that criminal statutes define culpability in part by the injuries suffered , but in this case , the "  seriousness " of the bodily injury -- Tracy Morgan was left in critical condition , for example -- is apparent , which is why the state has charged Roper with a fourth-degree offense . This is punishable by up to 18 months in state prison . Ultimately , for both assault and death by auto , the prosecution must prove reckless behavior beyond a reasonable doubt . If Roper made statements or admissions to the police about falling asleep at the wheel , those statements could dramatically alter the course of the prosecution against him , potentially conceding a major part of the state 's case against him .	Danny Cevallos : Trucker in Tracy Morgan crash charged with death by auto , assault by auto In N.J. vehicular homicide from reckless driving He says state must show conscious disregard of risk Cevallos : Assault charge defines culpability based on severity of injuries
Rome  CNN  -- The Vatican geared up for the inauguration of the pope on Tuesday , a ceremony ushering in a new era for the Roman Catholic Church . Anticipation mounted among the faithful across the globe awaiting a joyous and solemn chapter of Christian history . St. Peter 's Square will bustle with tourists , locals and pilgrims during the official Mass to install Francis as the bishop of Rome . The choice of day to anoint him as the holy father of the Roman Catholic Church carries a rich symbolism : It is the day that Catholics celebrate the Feast of St. Joseph to honor Jesus ' father on Earth , the carpenter Joseph . It also happens to be Father 's Day in Italy . Foreign dignitaries , royalty , heads of state , and representatives of other religions will attend . Security will be on the alert as hymns , chants and prayers fill the square . The pope , who plans to deliver his homily in Italian , is n't expected to religiously stay within a script . He will have prepared comments but , his spokesmen say , he might diverge because he likes to be spontaneous . That trait will endear him to the flock but keep security on its toes . "  The very competent security forces with the pope are there with him . They 've been watching him . They 'll adapt to his own movements and they will do their best to adapt to new situations , " Vatican deputy spokesman the Rev. Thomas Rosica told reporters . "  They 're concerned about the protection of the pope , but also the protection of the people that are there as well . And this is something brand new , and they will adapt to that because they 're extremely competent and very well prepared , " he said . All this comes during one of the busiest times of the year on the Christian calendar . Less than a week away is Palm Sunday , the holiday that kicks off Holy Week , which culminates in Easter celebrations . Dignitaries stream in Vatican spokesmen briefing reporters Monday stress that dignitaries are welcome to attend the inauguration but , by tradition , they do n't receive a specific invitation . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden is to lead the U.S. presidential delegation for the Mass , the White House said Friday , with House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi also among the party . On Friday , House Speaker John Boehner , a Republican , said he will send a separate bipartisan congressional delegation . Those delegations are among scores from nations and international organizations traveling to the Vatican , led by heads of states and governments . Delegations will be on hand from Italy and the pope 's native Argentina . There will be other groups from the Americas , including Brazil , Chile , Mexico and Canada , and European nations such as Holland , Belgium and Germany . Representatives from across Christianity -- Eastern and Western -- are expected to be present . Members of other religions , including Judaism , Islam , Buddhism , Sikhism and Jainism , are to be at the inauguration . One bit of controversy has emerged : Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe , reviled for his human rights abuses , has arrived . He is under a European Union travel ban , but he can skirt that because he entered Italy on religious grounds . In power for decades , Mugabe visited the Vatican in 2011 for the beatification of the late Pope John Paul II . He attended that pope 's funeral in 2005 . Argentine president visits Pope Francis met at the Vatican on Monday with the leader of his native Argentina , President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , a figure with whom Francis has clashed publicly over social issues . When he was archbishop of Buenos Aires , Francis disagreed with the Argentine government 's position on same-sex marriage and free distribution of contraceptives . But Fernandez sent a letter congratulating him as he assumed his new role . The pope 's meeting with Fernandez , which also included lunch , is a sign he 's trying to put the past behind him . The pope will bring his Argentine heritage with him to the Vatican , adopting the same motto and the coat of arms he used in Buenos Aires . After the meeting , Fernandez said she asked the pope to intervene in the dispute between Argentina and the United Kingdom over the Falkland Islands and help the nations spark a dialogue . The two countries went to war over the territory in 1982 after the then-military government in Argentina landed troops on the islands . For more than a year , renewed rhetoric between Argentina and the United Kingdom over the islands has escalated to a fever pitch , with both sides accusing each other of colonialism . Last week , residents of the South Atlantic islands overwhelmingly voted to remain under British rule . Fernandez said she and Francis also discussed human trafficking and slavery . Vatican : Argentine claims defamatory The Vatican has sought to quell controversy over Pope Francis ' conduct during Argentina 's so-called Dirty War from 1976 to 1983 , amid accusations that he could have done more to protect two Jesuit priests who were kidnapped . The accusations resurfaced after the Argentine cardinal 's unexpected election to the papacy last week . A book by investigative reporter Horacio Verbitsky accuses Francis , who was then Jorge Mario Bergoglio and was head of the country 's Jesuit order , of deliberately failing to protect the two priests , Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics , when they were seized by the navy . They were found alive five months later . But the Rev. Federico Lombardi , the Vatican 's lead spokesman , dismissed the claims as false and defamatory . "  The campaign against Bergoglio is well-known and goes back to many years ago . It was promoted by a defamatory publication , " he said at a Vatican news conference Friday . "  This was never a concrete or credible accusation in his regard . He was questioned by an Argentinian court as someone aware of the situation but never as a defendant . He has , in documented form , denied any accusations , " Lombardi said . "  Instead , there have been many declarations demonstrating how much Bergoglio did to protect many persons at the time of the military dictatorship , " he said . His role after he became bishop of Buenos Aires in asking for forgiveness for the church for not having done enough at the time of the dictatorship "  is also well-known , " Lombardi said . Bergoglio 's journey to top of the church First Sunday as pope Thousands of Catholics waving flags from around the world packed St. Peter 's Square on Sunday to hear Pope Francis deliver his inaugural Angelus . The new pontiff gave the noon blessing from the papal apartment window , speaking to more than 200,000 worshippers in the square four days after his election as pope . "  Dear brothers and sisters , good morning , " he said in Italian , drawing cheers from the crowd . During the 15-minute address , he focused on forgiveness . "  Never forget this : The Lord never tires of forgiving us , " he said . "  Have you thought about the patience that God has with each of us ? " He made the historic address after celebrating Mass at Sant ` Anna parish in Vatican City earlier Sunday . Catholics : 5 ways for Francis to move forward Reforms to come ? In his first week as pontiff , Francis has enjoyed global fanfare as the first Latin American pope and the first Jesuit pope in modern times . In just his first few days , he has prompted speculation that he may bring in wider changes . While he decided the heads of the various Vatican offices will keep their jobs for now , he 's not making any definitive appointments , the Vatican said Saturday . CNN Vatican analyst John Allen , who 's also a correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter , said this is the first clear signal that he may be serious about reform . "  It 's customary for new popes to swiftly reconfirm the department heads who lose their positions when the previous pontificate ends , and then take his time about bringing in his team , " Allen said . "  The fact that Francis has not followed that path may suggest that significant personnel moves will come sooner rather than later . " Francis wants "  a certain period for reflection , prayer and dialogue before  making  any definitive nomination or confirmation , " a Vatican statement said . Pope Francis breaks with tradition Hada Messia reported from Rome , and Joe Sterling and Ed Payne wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Claudia Rebaza and Jason Hanna also contributed to this report .	NEW : Argentine president wants pope to use influence to help deal with Falklands dispute Robert Mugabe is among many leaders to be on hand for Francis ' inauguration The pope , who plans to deliver his homily in Italian , is n't expected to stay within a script Thousands of Catholics packed St. Peter 's Square on Sunday to hear his first Angelus
CNN  Australian cricket great Shane Warne has been criticized for promoting an unhealthy drinking culture , following post-match interviews at cricket 's World Cup final in which he repeatedly quizzed players about their drinking plans . Acting as part of the commentary team for Australian broadcaster Channel Nine , Warne interviewed the victorious Australian players at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in the wake of their comfortable win over New Zealand . Broadcast live and amplified throughout the stadium , the exchanges -- in which Warne seemed preoccupied with how much the players planned to drink -- prompted a backlash on social media using the hashtag " #thirsty . " To wicketkeeper Brad Haddin , Warne asked : "  You feeling thirsty ? " He continued the theme with Steve Smith , asking : "  What about you , gon na have a bit of a drink tonight too Smitty ? Gon na get thirsty as well ? The boys are thirsty they seem . " Shane Watson and Josh Hazlewood were subjected to a similar line of questioning : "  So what 's the plan , besides lots of drink and that , how long 's that gon na last ? Just one night , two nights ? " asked Warne . The comments sparked an immediate reaction on Twitter , with users criticizing Warne for setting a poor example to young cricket fans , and one labeling him a "  bogan " -- Australasian slang for an unsophisticated person -- for his line of questioning . Some Twitter users played on Warne 's publicized fondness for the Tinder dating app , which has seen the former cricketer hit the headlines in recent times . Not all responses were critical , with British journalist Piers Morgan among those coming to Warne 's defense . Warne , a noted bon vivant who was often photographed with drink in hand after wins during his playing days , took to Twitter to tell his detractors to "  get stuffed . " Warne 's interviews provoked further discussion on Australian television Monday when , on the "  Today " show , Channel Nine presenter David Campbell criticized the example he set . "  I hate this , " he said . "  There is a stadium full of young men and women who look up to these guys , and it would have been nice if one of those cricketers was accountable enough to say ` Nothing will be better than what I did on this field , Warnie ' . " "  We ca n't sit around here ... going ` We have a drinking problem ' and then sit there and celebrate that . " The boozy indiscretions of professional athletes often make the news in Australia , although players from the footballing codes of rugby union , rugby league and Australian rules are more commonly in the spotlight . Members of the successful Australian team partied late into the night Sunday , with coach Darren Lehmann tweeting a picture of team members celebrating in their uniforms as the sun came up , with drinks in hand . Warne 's inquiries about the team 's plans to celebrate were apparently not in vain . At about 3 a.m. he posted a picture on Instagram of himself holding the World Cup trophy alongside Australian captain Michael Clarke , the latter with a drink at his side .	Australian cricket legend Shane Warne is criticized for post-match interview questions He seemed preoccupied with how Australian team were planning to celebrate World Cup win Critics said the comments promoted an unhealthy drinking culture to sports fans
CNN  -- Another day , another big name crashes out of the World Golf Championship event at Dove Mountain . The world 's top two players , Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods departed after the first round of the Accenture Match Play in Arizona , former No. 1 Luke Donald exited on Friday along with Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose , and now Bubba Watson and Martin Kaymer are out of the running as well . Masters champion Watson was beaten by Australian Jason Day in Saturday 's early tee-offs , with the tournament schedule crammed due to snow at the desert course which wiped out the first day in midweek . The American went down 4 and 3 as Day cruised into the afternoon quarterfinals , where he was to face former U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell . "  Jason Day just played better , " Watson , who went to four extra holes before beating Jim Furyk on Friday , wrote on Twitter . "  But my ball striking is better and excited about the rest of the year ! " McDowell ended the dream run of Shane Lowry , who had beaten his fellow Northern Irishman McIlroy . Lowry , who is from the Republic of Ireland , was the lowest-ranked player in the 64-man field but edged past McIlroy 1-up before defeating Sweden 's world No. 35 Carl Petterson . McDowell , ranked 19th , triumphed 3 and 2 on Saturday as he followed up his wins against Ireland 's three-time major champion Padraig Harrington and world No. 51 Alexander Noren of Sweden . Day , ranked 43rd , beat 2007 Masters winner Zach Johnson in his opening match and then disposed of American PGA Tour rookie Russell Henley -- who won the Sony Open in Hawaii last month . "  It was just really steady golf , " Day said . "  Bubba gave me a couple early on and I just tried to hold that lead , and I tried to extend it . "  I think I was four under through 14 holes , so overall very , very happy with how I played . " Former world No. 1 Kaymer was thrashed 5 and 4 by 25th-ranked defending champion Hunter Mahan , who earned a quarterfinal against U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson . Mahan has now been ahead in every match he has played at the tournament since the sixth hole of last year 's opening match -- a run of 133 holes . "  If you hit fairways and greens , you know you 're going to put pressure on your guy , " the American said after his win over the 2011 runner-up , which avenged that year 's third-round defeat to the German . "  It 's definitely nice to get a lead and that 's the goal for everybody , but to do it , it 's a good feeling for sure . " Simpson , ranked 17th , won 2-up against Spain 's No. 33 Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano . England 's Ian Poulter , the 2010 Match Play winner , set up a clash with 2001 champion Steve Stricker . Poulter thrashed South Africa 's Tim Clark 5 and 3 while veteran American Stricker beat Donald 's conqueror Scott Piercy . "  Quick bite for lunch and then another match this afternoon , " Poulter , playing in his first tournament for six weeks , wrote on Twitter . "  Keep plugging away and stay out of trouble . " The other quarterfinal was between Americans Matt Kuchar , who last year reached fifth in the world rankings before dropping to 23rd now , and big-hitting Arizona-based No. 38 Robert Garrigus .	Masters champion Bubba Watson beaten in third round of Accenture World Match Play He joins a series of top names to exit since snow delayed start of desert tournament Former world No. 1 Martin Kaymer also misses out on quarterfinals in Arizona Saturday 's schedule features 36 holes due to delay earlier in the week
CNN  -- Facebook wants to make sure you do n't miss the most important updates , photos , humblebrags and baby announcements from your friends . The company on Tuesday announced a tweak to its News Feed that will take a popular story -- one that 's getting lots of comments and likes -- and put it back at the top of your feed to make sure you do n't miss it . On a typical day , the average Facebook user is only seeing 20 % of the posts from friends and pages that he or she follows . Where are the rest ? Filtered out by Facebook , using algorithms it has developed to determine the stories and posts the social network thinks you 'll care about most . Now Facebook has decided to shed some light on the mysterious decisions that go into ranking the stories in the news feed . People have grumbled in the past about not having a pure , kitchen-sink feed of all their friends ' updates , so the company is explaining a little about how it does what it does . To figure out what posts to show , Facebook looks at a person 's most recent everyday actions such as liking , sharing or hiding posts , the amount of interaction they have with people or pages , and a post 's popularity among their group of friends . Facebook displayed updates differently in the past . The social media site was once a chronologically ordered feed of all the things posted by friends and pages . But then its number of users soared -- now more than 1 billion -- and over time , most users collected so many connections that their bloated feeds became unwieldy . On an average day , Facebook says you have about 1,500 posts from friends and pages you follow . But only about 300 of those appear in your feed . Facebook thinks showing all 1,500 stories would be overwhelming , and that people would miss important posts in that flood of updates . The company did some tests and found that people read , comment and like fewer posts when faced with the entire unfiltered stream . Even with the shorter , ranked news feeds , people only read an average of 57 % of the posts . With the new tweak , older posts can resurface and the amount of stories read jumps to 70 % , Facebook said . It also resulted in a 5 % increase in likes , comments and shares on the resurrected posts from friends , and 8 % increase in the same activity for posts from pages , it said . "  The data suggests that this update does a better job of showing people the stories they want to see , even if they missed them the first time , " Facebook said in a blog post . For a price , you can ensure that your posts are among the chosen stories in your friends ' streams . In an attempt to profit from the system , Facebook launched a feature last year that lets people pay to promote their own posts . The price varies depending on your location and how many people will see the post , but it ensures your link or update wo n't get buried by an algorithm .	Facebook is tweaking your News Feed to put popular older posts back on top On an average day , people only see 300 of the 1,500 posts from their friends and pages Your most recent likes , comments and other actions determine what posts you see Facebook : "  This update does a better job of showing people the stories they want to see "
CNN  -- A fake editorial about WikiLeaks , supposedly by the former executive editor of The New York Times , was making the rounds this weekend . It was mocked up so well that it even fooled at least one Times staffer . The fake piece , written under the name of the Times ' Bill Keller , defended the controversial group known for acquiring , and publishing , secret documents from governments throughout the world . On Sunday , the group said its supporters were behind the hoax , which was published on a Web page that looks convincingly like a page on the Times ' site . "  Yes . We admit it . WikiLeaks  Assange & co  and our great supporters where  sic  behind the successful NYTimes banking blockade hoax on @nytkeller , " WikiLeaks posted on its official Twitter feed Sunday . Keller , meanwhile , also said the thoughts were n't his . "  There is a fake op-ed going around under my name , about WikiLeaks , " he wrote , in all-caps , on his Twitter feed . "  Emphasis on ` fake . ' As in , not mine . " The page was published with an opinion-nytimes . com URL instead of nytimes.com . It linked back to the Times site and resembled a real Times opinion piece in almost every way . Someone also created a fake Twitter account for Keller , replacing one of the lowercase L 's in his name with a capital letter I , and tweeted out the editorial . The ruse fooled Nick Bilton , editor of the Times ' Bits technology blog , among others . Bilton tweeted the faux post , then quickly deleted it . WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has taken refuge in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since last month . He is wanted for questioning on Sweden on sex abuse charges , which his supporters say are politically motivated . Assange , who denies the allegations , has said he fears that if he turns himself in , he 'll be sent to the United States . He has angered U.S. officials by , among other things , publishing information allegedly documenting U.S. cyberattacks on Iran and a White House "  kill list " of terror suspects . He has not been charged with any crime in either the United States or Sweden . In the fake editorial , it appeared that Keller , who has been critical of WikiLeaks , had decided to support the controversial organization . "  As those of you who have followed my turbulent relationship with WikiLeaks and its Guru-In-Chief Julian Assange know , I am first in line when it comes to distancing myself from his brand of transparency without government checks and balances , " the fake post reads . "  But  you do n't have to embrace Assange as a kindred spirit to believe that what he did in publishing those cables falls under the protection of the First Amendment . " The post links to a February column by Keller when he remarked on being repeatedly asked to speak about WikiLeaks because he was the editor who approved the use of some of its releases in Times stories . "  It 's amazing they keep inviting me to these things , since I 'm a bit of a spoilsport , " the real Keller wrote in that February column . "  My consistent answer to the ponderous question of how WikiLeaks transformed our world has been : really , not all that much . It was a hell of a story and a wild collaboration , but it did not herald , as the documentarians yearn to believe , some new digital age of transparency . In fact , if there is a larger point , it is quite the contrary . "	Fake editorial purportedly by ex-New York Times editor fools some on Web In it , the Times ' Bill Keller , a WikiLeaks critic , appears to support the group Times ' blog editor Nick Bilton shared it on Twitter , before deleting post On Twitter , WikiLeaks takes credit for the ruse
CNN  Everyone agrees -- the mysterious death of Argentine prosecutor Alberto Nisman has all the twists of a thriller . But what exactly does that mean ? A number of people have been pulled into the unfolding story of the prosecutor 's death . Nisman , a special prosecutor investigating a deadly 1994 terror attack , alleged that the country 's President , foreign minister and other political leaders covered up Iranian involvement in the attack . The government told Iran it would back off in exchange for a favorable trade deal , Nisman alleged . He filed his report , but one day before his scheduled testimony before lawmakers on the allegations , he was found dead from a gunshot wound to the head . There were initial reports of suicide , but many had their doubts . Sure enough , suspicions appeared to be confirmed when no gunpowder residue was found on Nisman 's hands , which would have been expected if he had shot himself . Since then , a number of strange things have happened in Argentina , all seemingly related to Nisman 's death . Here 's a look at the people , events and places that form part of a web that continues to unspool : The Argentine Israelite Mutual Association , or AMIA , was the target of the July 18 , 1994 , terror attack that killed 85 people and injured hundreds in Buenos Aires . The attack on the Jewish community center is the worst terror attack in Argentina 's history . A suicide attacker drove an explosive-laden vehicle into the building . Argentina has the largest Jewish community in Latin America . He was the prosecutor who accused Argentina 's President and other top leaders of covering up Iran 's alleged role in the Jewish center bombing . Nisman was found dead after filing a report with his allegations in court , and one day before he was slated to testify on his accusations in front of Congress . His death remains a mystery . A gun and shell casing by his side made it look like a suicide , but an initial test found no gunpowder residue on his hands . Almost immediately , suspicions arose that Nisman 's death was linked to his allegations against the President , foreign minister and other political elites . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner called it a suicide , then quickly changed her tune . The government denies it had a role in the prosecutor 's death . Nisman was appointed as special prosecutor on the AMIA bombing in 2005 by then-President Nestor Kirchner , Fernandez 's late husband . Even before Nisman became the lead investigator , previous Argentine prosecutors suspected Iran 's involvement in the terrorist attack . In 2004 , Argentina issued arrest warrants for 12 Iranians and requested that Interpol issue red notices for these suspects . But allegations of misconduct by Argentine investigators resulted in the case falling apart . Nisman was appointed after this mess to sort it out . Nisman 's own investigation also pointed at Iran , and in 2007 , Argentina issued new arrest warrants and went back to Interpol . This time six red notices were issued . The Iranian suspects are Imad Fayez Moughnieh , Ali Fallahijan , Mohsen Rabbani , Ahmad Reza Asghari , Ahmad Vahidi and Mohsen Rezai . The most prominent of these suspects is Vahidi , who for a time was Iran 's defense minister . Argentina also asked for red notices for three others -- former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , former Foreign Affairs Minister Ali Akbar Velayati and Hadi Soleimanpour , the former ambassador of Iran in Buenos Aires . Interpol did not issue red notices for them . None of the Iranian suspects are in custody and Iran has not made them available to Argentine prosecutors . In 2013 , Argentina 's Congress approved the creation of a joint commission to investigate the 1994 AMIA bombing . The five-member "  truth commission " would include Argentine and Iranian investigators who would work together to get to the bottom of the terror attack . Argentine lawmakers deliberated for more than 14 hours before passing the measure by a 131-113 vote . Later , Nisman would call this agreement the public face of the alleged cover-up . Fernandez 's government heralded the agreement as a way for prosecutors to finally interrogate the Iranian suspects . But there was much opposition , including from Jewish groups . They were worried the commission 's verdict would be nonbinding and distrusted Iran . Fernandez was elected President of Argentina in 2007 . She succeeded her husband , Nestor Kirchner , who was President from 2003-2007 and who died in 2010 . Fernandez was re-elected in December 2011 to a new four-year term . As President , she has often been combative , accusing opponents of undermining her ability to govern . When Nisman was found dead , she made a statement calling it a suicide , followed by a second statement saying she did n't believe he took his own life . In the wake of the Nisman scandal , Fernandez traveled to China on a business trip , where she made headlines for a tweet mocking the Chinese accent . Hector Timerman , Argentina 's foreign minister , is among those accused of conspiring to cover up Iran 's involvement in the Jewish center bombing . After Nisman 's death , Timerman told CNN the allegations of a cover-up were baseless . Fernandez 's government has done more than any previous administration to get to the bottom of the bombing , Timerman said . "  I am Jewish , " he said . "  And to think that a person of my religion , the Jewish religion , can make a deal not to prosecute the death of 85 people , most of them Jewish in Argentina ... I have to tell you , it 's not easy to live with . " He has said that he never asked to have the red notices for the Iranian suspects removed . His reputation has taken a hit . Timerman signed the agreement with the Iranians to investigate the bombing jointly , a move criticized by Argentina 's Jewish community . At the time , he said : "  I negotiated this memorandum with who I had to , not with who I wanted to . At each step , I kept in mind that us Argentinians learned with lots of pain that we have to seek justice and not condemnations , to seek the truth and not vengeance . " Diego Lagomarsino was an assistant to Nisman . He also is the only person charged in connection with the prosecutor 's death , charged with illegally letting Nisman borrow a gun . Lagomarsino faces up to six years in prison if convicted . The IT expert broke his silence at a news conference , saying he committed no crime and that he let Nisman borrow the gun at the prosecutor 's insistence . Nisman feared for his safety after he filed his report in court and did n't trust his own security guards , Lagomarsino said . According to Lagomarsino , Nisman was so fearful that he did n't go out to buy his own groceries and feared for his daughters . Nisman told Lagomarsino not to worry , that he was n't going to use the gun . But when Lagomarsino texted later to check on Nisman , the prosecutor never answered . Viviana Fein is a federal prosecutor who leads the investigation into Nisman 's death . It 's not unusual for her , or those she interviews , to be swarmed by television news cameras outside her office . Fein 's approach to the investigation has been careful and transparent . She provides occasional statements with updates on whom she has spoken with and what tests are being conducted on the evidence . However , she made missteps that have damaged her credibility in the eyes of some . When the Clarin newspaper reported that Nisman had drafted an arrest warrant affidavit for Fernandez , Timerman and others , Fein was quoted saying it was not true . The government also denied it . The next day , Fein said her comments were misunderstood . She confirmed that Nisman had indeed contemplated seeking the arrests of the President and others . The draft documents were found in trash can in Nisman 's apartment , she said . The Secretariat of Intelligence , or SI , is the country 's domestic intelligence service . Locally , it is also known as ex-SIDE , referring to the agency 's previous name , the Intelligence Secretariat of the State  SIDE by its Spanish initials  . In the wake of Nisman 's death , the government has suggested that rogue intelligence agents fed Nisman false information about a cover-up and then killed him after he filed the accusations in court . "  They used him while he was alive , and then they needed him dead , " the President said in a statement days after Nisman 's body was found . Fernandez then sent a bill to Congress that would abolish the SI and replace it with a new agency , to be called the Federal Intelligence Agency . The SI has "  not served the interests of the country , " Fernandez said . Lawmakers are debating the proposal . Horacio Antonio Stiuso is his full name , but he is known by his nickname , "  Jaime . " He is a key witness , but he seems to have disappeared . When Fernandez refers to a rogue intelligence officer who fed false information to Nisman , she is talking about Stiuso . Stiuso led the SI until Fernandez booted him last year . The former spy chief allegedly retaliated by tricking Nisman into accusing the government of a criminal cover-up , Fernandez and her supporters claim . Fernandez moved to relieve Stiuso of his obligation to keep secrets , so that he can testify . Stiuso was slated to testify during the first week of February but could n't be found . Fein has since said she is confident he will testify soon . Damian Pachter is a journalist for the English-language Buenos Aires Herald . A dual citizen of Argentina and Israel , he broke the news of Nisman 's death , reporting it via Twitter . After the scoop , Pachter dropped off the radar , with some saying he fled Argentina fearing for his safety . In a strange response , the Argentine government published a copy of Pachter 's travel records , saying they showed he simply went to Uruguay and had purchased a return ticket . But Pachter did n't return . He announced on Twitter a few days later that he was in Israel , in exile . Sergio Berni is Argentina 's security secretary . His tie-in to this mystery ? Local media widely reported that he arrived at Nisman 's apartment , with Nisman 's mother , before investigators arrived . He also was the first person to publicly call Nisman 's death a suicide . Not surprisingly , questions have swirled about what a government minister was doing at the scene before the investigators , and why he announced the suicide theory so quickly .	Argentine prosecutor Alberto Nisman dies mysteriously while investigating 1994 attack Suspicions arose that death was tied to allegations against Argentine 's President , other leaders
CNN  -- The little boy sits proudly next to his snowman , and smiles . He has no coat , gloves or hat to protect him from the freezing cold , but for a moment he is distracted from the harsh reality of life inside a makeshift refugee camp in Lebanon . We do not know his name , but he is one of 842,000 refugees the U.N. says are spending the winter in Lebanon after fleeing a brutal three-year civil war in Syria . They thought that life could not get much harsher . But that was before winter storm "  Alexa " moved in , bringing snow , rain and freezing temperatures across the region . Despite the miserable conditions , for many children in refugee camps , the snow was a novelty . The snowman photo above was captured by CNN cameraman Christian Streib as he toured the U.N.-run Arsal transit camp in Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley , now home to 40,000 refugees . "  I saw the snowman in front of a tent and thought it would make a good picture , " he said . "  Then the boy appeared , and smiled as I took his photo . Then he looked away , distracted as more people arrived . We were in a rush to finish filming so I never got to talk to him . " "  But just look at the smile . So innocent . The snowman symbolizes so much too . Everyone can relate to a snowman . All of us have built a snowman . And this one -- while built out of very little -- puts a smile on the face of a boy with meager means . " Streib said he was amazed by the dignity of the children , even though they were hungry and cold . The majority had their naked feet in plastic slippers , he said . "  Kids are everywhere in the camp , just roaming , with time on their hands , but they 'll always find something to play with . " Khadija and her brother Amjad are from Aleppo , which has suffered some of the heaviest bombardments during the bloodbath in Syria . CNN Correspondent Mohammed Jamjoon recalled how the children were determined to have fun , despite the freezing conditions . "  Clinging to any remnant of childhood abandon they could , they decided to build a snowman , " he said . "  This photo was taken on the same site where Christian got the picture of the boy and the snowman . "  It 's very moving : You want to give , but you feel helpless . You 're the outsider with the big camera , but they just want to explain their situation , " he recalled . "  And every conversation finishes with the same sentence : I want to go home . " That 's not going to happen soon . The child refugees in Lebanon are unlikely to see their homeland again before reaching adulthood . Lebanon has absorbed the highest number of Syria 's refugees . The U.N. predicts there will be more than 1.5 million in the country by the end of 2013 . Lebanon 's population is only 4.2 million . This Syrian boy launched into a snowball fight in Arsal on Monday . Mohammed Jamjoom said : "  We watched at least six boys play and enjoy themselves while aid was being distributed . " Syrians would go to any lengths to reach Lebanon , Jamjoom said . That 's despite the horrific conditions they found when they arrived . He recalled the scene as he and cameraman Chris Jackson accompanied medics and aid workers as they immunized children aged five and under on a previous visit to a camp in the Bekaa Valley . "  It 's absolutely heart-breaking , " he said . "  These people are effectively living in an open sewer . They are walking through filth , through human waste . " Yaacoub lives in the UNHCR-tented transit site in Arsal . This picture was taken on Monday as the U.N. delivered blankets , clothes , fuel vouchers and stoves to refugees . He told Jamjoom he was extremely happy that aid was being delivered , but they need much more . The younger children - aged eight and under -- are better able to endure the harsh conditions in the camp , Jamjoom said . "  These are kids walking around sockless with sandals despite the cold -- but they would still come up to me asking me to take a photo . They can cling to any remnant of childhood because they are resilient . " But children two or three years older had more mixed emotions , he said . "  They are still young , but there is anger at the realization of their conditions , " said Jamjoon . "  Everything around them is forcing them to become adults . " Syria 's children : Another year of horror And for the parents , seeking to provide order amid chaos for their children , life is no easier . "  They are still shocked their children are living in such conditions . When the weather gets bad , the water seeps under the tarpaulins of their tents . They need concrete bases . The moms say : ` If we could only make some money . If only our children could be educated ... ' " Ghazi is also in Arsal . "  He asked me to take his picture and was very curious about what we were filming , " said Jamjoom . "  He misses home but has friends here . He 's cold but thinks it will get better and was glad that his family was happy that winter weather gear was being distributed . " These Syrian children should be at school . Instead they are forced to help their parents in the desperate battle for survival with thousands of others in the camp . "  I met one boy aged 12 who had arrived from Syria in the Bekaa Valley with only one thing , which were his school certificates , " Jamjoom said . "  He now works gathering eggs or on construction sites . " Syria 's brutal war within a war gains momentum In urban areas , children help their parents by selling tissues or shining shoes . "  In Beirut I saw 10 kids , all them aged under seven , begging with their mums . The U.N. warns of a lost generation , but I see it happening before my eyes . All of them say : ` We want to go back to Syria , but we ca n't return because of the war . ' "  The U.N. has asked for $ 6.5 billion just for humanitarian needs , but is finding it hard getting donations even though it 's apparent how much suffering there is . "  It 's a dire humanitarian crisis -- and it 's getting worse by the hour . " Impact your world : How to help	More than a million children have fled the brutal three-year civil war in Syria . 842,000 Syrian refugees are spending the winter in Lebanon , the U.N. says . Misery in the camps was compounded by the arrival of winter storm "  Alexa . "
Kirsten Haglund was 19 when she became Miss America in 2008 , one of the youngest beauty queens ever to win the national title . She used that platform to speak about what for her was a very sensitive subject : eating disorders . "  I realized what 's making an impact on other people 's lives is not this perfect image of the American ideal , " she said . "  It 's a true human story of struggle and triumph . " Unlike many of her fellow contestants , Haglund did n't spend her childhood competing in pageants . Instead , the Michigan native dreamed of performing as a professional ballerina . The pressures of trying to live out that dream led her into the nightmare of anorexia nervosa at age 12 . Anorexia nervosa is an eating disorder that causes people to obsess about their weight and the food they eat , according to the Mayo Clinic . People with the disease try to maintain a weight that 's unhealthy for their age and height . Going to extremes : Eating disorders by the numbers "  I was in ballet from just 3 years old . So from a very early age , the ideal female body type was very thin , " said Haglund , now a political science major at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia . "  That was the first image I had in my brain ; I always equated beauty and worth with being skinny . " Haglund excelled in her studies while training in ballet , tap and jazz seven days a week . Her older brother had multiple learning disabilities , so she felt pressure to perform extraordinarily well . At 12 , she left home to study at the Central Pennsylvania Youth Ballet School , hoping it would lead to a professional career . It was her first time living away from her parents , and her body was developing as she entered puberty -- a risky time , experts say , for the onset of anorexia . Haglund 's self-esteem began to plummet quickly as she was overwhelmed by panic and a fear of not achieving perfection . Once priding herself on a high level of performance and over-achievement , she was now questioning every move . "  I became more self-aware and all of the sudden felt this panic , like maybe I was n't good enough or maybe my life was going to collapse around me and I could n't accomplish this dream , " she said . Adding to her anxiety , Haglund 's mother was diagnosed that summer with breast cancer , a condition she was treated for and survived . The pre-teen looked for an answer to her out-of-control world from her peers . What she saw was a struggle many dancers face : the pressure to be thin . "  I looked at what they were doing , and so many of them were throwing away their lunches and not eating . I thought , ` if I can at least be thin , I know I can be successful at ballet . ' " She began to severely restrict her food intake and admits this gave her a sense of triumph . "  I remember the first day I decided to throw away my lunch , and I drank a Coke instead , " she said . "  I felt really good . I remember that day and the choice I made . And it was a choice made out of fear , not logic . " This kind of behavior is n't uncommon among younger girls who are dealing with transitions in their life , said Linda Craighead , a psychology professor at Emory University . "  For them , it 's not  as  much about looks and weight than it is with controlling something . " An estimated 10 million women and 1 million men in the U.S. battle anorexia or bulimia , according to the National Eating Disorders Association . And these disorders carry the highest mortality rate of any mental illness . Haglund scoured the Internet for tricks on how to avoid social situations involving food and frequently looked through images of celebrities for "  thinspiration . " "  I was living off coffee , Diet Coke and gum , " she said . "  Every once in a while , I 'd have vegetables , fruit or a spoonful of peanut butter . " She was consuming fewer than 900 calories daily , less than half the amount recommend for the average woman . Her hunger for more control morphed from starving herself to increasing her exercise routine in addition to her demanding ballet schedule . "  It was many days of small steps toward something extreme . It was a recipe for disaster and a really serious and painful situation . " Though anorexia most frequently occurs during teen years or young adulthood , it also may develop during childhood or later in life , experts say . Haglund was competing with the most talented dancers out there , all with dreams of becoming the prima ballerina . "  You were seen as elite if you engaged in some of those kinds of behaviors , " Haglund said . "  It was something that most girls did , and if you ate like a normal person , you were looked down upon . " Her obsession with thinness worsened over the next three years . By then , the 5-foot-8 dancer had lost 30 pounds from her already tiny body . She admits she was pleased when family and friends noticed her shockingly thin frame . "  I felt like a shell of a human being . It was n't happiness , " Haglund said . "  Internally , I knew there was something seriously wrong with me , but I did n't know how to stop . " Undernourished and extremely depressed , she hazily recalls the day her mother picked her up from high school and forcibly took her to a doctor . Haglund angrily insisted that she was healthy , but her test results told another story . For the next two years , she was under intensive outpatient care , routinely meeting with her interdisciplinary team of a nutritionist , a psychologist and an eating-disorder specialist . "  At first , it was really yo-yo , especially with my food intake , " she said . "  It 's extremely difficult to unlearn all of that bad thinking . I had to work on visualizing a life outside of ballet if I wanted to get better . " Haglund left the performing company and scaled back on dancing to focus on getting better . Beauty pageants seem an odd fit for a recovering anorexic , but they offered Haglund an avenue for moving forward . At age 17 , her health was improving , and pageant competitions could win her a college scholarship . Back home in Farmington Hills , Michigan , she entered the Miss Oakland County pageant and , to her great surprise , won . But her eating disorder physician was concerned . "  I told her this could be triggering for someone who has a history of an eating disorder , " said Kathleen Mammel , medical director at the Hough Center for Eating Disorders in nearby Royal Oak . "  She had to be very cautious to ensure she 's not setting herself up for a difficult backslide . " That 's not the way Haglund saw it . During the next year , as a freshman in college , she began to publicly speak about her struggles with anorexia , hoping to destigmatize the illness . Next came the Miss Michigan pageant . At 18 , Haglund was the youngest contestant ; she won the crown over several pageant veterans . Her new responsibilities forced her to leave college , and she spent six months traveling the country to attend national conferences on eating disorders . "  I learned so much about the illness ; it was a really good educational period for me , " she said . "  From hearing other people 's recovery stories , I learned how to share my own personal struggles . " When Haglund entered the Miss America pageant , she was placed on a workout regimen monitored by her nutritionist . She was motivated to achieve her goals the healthy way . "  Of course , I felt pressure ; I 'm thinking , ` Gosh , if I get called to the top 10 , I 'm going to be in my swimsuit in front of 12 million people . ' It was scary , but I was thinking of being healthy first . I knew that was more important than anything else . " Written off as the underdog by peers and judges , Haglund felt a greater freedom to be herself . "  I actually think that was more attractive to the judges . There were several girls who came up to me during the week and shared previous struggles with an eating disorder . It opened the door to many great conversations . " "  She used the topic of battling anorexia as a sincere commitment to help others struggling , and as a tool to solidify her own recovery , " Mammel said . "  She was more surprised than anyone when she actually won . " Since stepping into the national spotlight , Haglund has continued to spread awareness as a role model for young girls . She 's launched the Kirsten Haglund Foundation , which provides financial aid to those seeking treatment for eating disorders . "  Those who struggle with substance abuse can get off their drug and never face it again , " Haglund said . "  But for somebody who overcomes an eating disorder , you have to face it every day , multiple times a day . "	The pressures of trying to be a ballerina led Haglund into anorexia nervosa at age 12 Anorexia frequently occurs during teen years , but it may also develop during childhood The Kirsten Haglund Foundation provides financial aid to those seeking treatment
CNN  -- The families of the victims of a mass shooting rampage on a Norwegian island are visiting the scene Friday , a month after two attacks plunged the Scandinavian nation into mourning . Sixty-nine people died July 22 on Utoya island , where hundreds of mostly young people were gathered for a summer camp held by the youth wing of the governing Labour Party . Eight others died in the bombing of Oslo government buildings hours earlier . TV footage showed the first group of relatives of victims of the shooting walking in line as they arrived on Utoya island in the rain . "  It is a very important and emotional day for these families , " Health Minister Anne-Grete Strom-Erichsen said , according to Norway 's official NTB news agency . A policeman will show each family where their loved one was found after the attack , NTB reported . The families will also be accompanied by Red Cross representatives . Many of the 69 families affected have said they plan to visit the island over the weekend , Norwegian reports say . Meanwhile , a judge ruled that Anders Breivik , the man accused of carrying out both attacks , should be held in solitary confinement for another four weeks because there was a real danger he would otherwise tamper with evidence . This was especially important because the police have still not established whether Breivik had accomplices , Judge Hugo Abelseth said . He told the court in Oslo that the police request for Breivik to remain in isolation outweighed the suspect 's concerns . Breivik , 32 , had told the court that being held in isolation is "  boring , monotonous and a sadistic method of torture , " the judge said . Breivik appeared in court to hear the arguments but the session was not open to the public or media . He will remain in solitary confinement until September 19 , Abelseth said . At an initial court appearance for Breivik last month , the police were granted eight weeks ' custody , four of them in isolation . Suspects are not normally held in isolation for longer than two weeks in Norway , according to local media reports . Speaking after Breivik 's court appearance , Paal-Fredrik Hjort Kraby of Oslo Police District told reporters that the suspect was being kept cuffed by his hands and feet , and also chained at the waist . He said several survivors of the Utoya massacres had wanted to be present at the court hearing , but that the police had decided it was too risky in case they unwittingly revealed details of the case that would enable Breivik to alter his explanations . The police instead allowed four of the 113 lawyers representing the survivors , victims and their families to be present at the hearing , Kraby said . Survivors may be allowed in court when the investigation is no longer at such a sensitive point , he said . Kraby also responded to questions about the revelation by police Thursday that Breivik had made two calls to the police while on Utoya island on July 22 . Officers had not called Breivik back because they say no number came up on their display . The most likely explanation for this is that the phone was not equipped with a SIM card or subscriber identity module , Kraby said , which would have transmitted the phone 's number . Police chief Sissel Hammer on Thursday confirmed that Breivik had made two calls , one to Nordre Buskerud district and another to Sondre Buskerud Police district . According to a police transcript of the calls , Breivik said : "  Hello , my name is commander Anders Behring Breivik of the Norwegian anti-communist resistance movement . " After the police operator responded , he said : "  I am at Utoya . I wish to surrender . " Kraby said Breivik had been questioned for a total of 60 hours . He has not been questioned this week but questioning will resume next week . It is too early to tell what the final charges against Breivik will be , Kraby added , as the police are still systematically collecting and evaluating evidence and information . Breivik 's lawyer said his client was concerned about appearing smart and respectably dressed for Friday 's court appearance , state broadcaster NRK reported . During the past four weeks in solitary confinement , Breivik has been given more clothes , a clock and books , as well as a computer that is not connected to the internet , NRK said . He has not had been allowed any visitors , letters or media access . Breivik was taken back to Utoya -- which remains a crime scene -- on Saturday as part of a police investigation into the rampage . Police said they spent nearly eight hours questioning Breivik and walking with him around the island during a reconstruction of the attack . They said he "  was not emotionally unmoved , " but did not express remorse during his return to the scene . Breivik has been held in solitary confinement since he was taken into custody on the island on July 22 . He has admitted carrying out the attacks , his lawyer and a judge have said , but has pleaded not guilty in court . The ages of the 77 people killed in the twin attacks ranged from 14 to 61 , with an average age of 21 , the government said . CNN 's Cynthia Wamwayi and journalist Olav Mellingsaeter contributed to this report .	NEW : Breivik called police from the shooting scene but they were unable to call him back Anders Breivik must stay in isolation in case he tampers with evidence , judge says Breivik says isolation is "  boring , monotonous and a sadistic method of torture " He is accused of carrying out twin attacks a month ago that killed 77
The Hollywood Reporter  Richard Dysart , the Emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick , long-running NBC drama "  L.A. Law , " has died . He was 86 . Dysart , who also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize-winning "  That Championship Season , " died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness , his wife , artist Kathryn Jacobi , told The Hollywood Reporter . The acclaimed "  L.A. Law " -- created by Steven Bochco  who eventually handed off the series to David E. Kelley  and Terry Louise Fisher -- aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994 . For playing the founder of the firm McKenzie , Brackman , Chaney and Kuzak , Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years , finally winning the trophy in 1992 . "  I always had him in mind for that role , " Bochco said in a 2002 interview with the Archive of American Television . "  He 's so avuncular . So I reached out to him . You know , Dick is sort of an old hippie . So he went into his closet and tried to find a lawyer outfit , and he came to meet us wearing a suit and tie . He was perfect . " "  We got together , mapped out the character 's past to give us a basis from which to work , and it 's all gone smoothly since then , " Dysart said in a 1990 interview with The Seattle Times . "  Sometimes I worry -- it 's all been going too well -- a role I love to play in a series that 's about as good as you can get . Something 's wrong ! " Perhaps Dysart 's most memorable character arc on the show was when he was found in bed with power-hungry competitor Rosalind Shays  played by Diana Muldaur  . He was one of the few actors to appear in every episode . Dysart 's range of authority - figure parts ran right to the top . He limned Harry Truman in the CBS telefilm "  Day One " and in the ABC miniseries "  War and Remembrance , " both of which aired in 1989 , and he was Henry L. Stimson , the 33rd U.S. president 's Secretary of War , in the 1995 HBO telefilm "  Truman , " starring Gary Sinise . Similarly , he played the Secretary of Defense in "  Meteor "  1979  . Hollywood Reporter : Most powerful people in N.Y. media Dysart also performed extensively in the medical -  movie  field , performing enough doctor roles to , perhaps , qualify to practice . His two most memorable came in classic satires : in Paddy Chayevsky 's scathing "  The Hospital "  1971  , starring George C. Scott  a good friend  , and in "  Being There "  1979  , as Melvyn Douglas ' doctor . He also was a doctor who died a gruesome death in John Carpenter 's "  The Thing "  1982  and a physician in such films as "  The Terminal Man "  1974  , "  The Falcon and the Snowman "  1985  and "  Warning Sign "  1985  . Dysart portrayed J. Edgar Hoover in the 1993 USA telefilm "  Marilyn & Bobby : Her Final Affair " and in Mario Van Peebles ' "  Panther "  1995  . Dysart also excelled as cranky coots and shifty sorts . He portrayed a motel receptionist in Richard Lester 's "  Petulia "  1968  ; was the bad guy who battled Clint Eastwood in "  Pale Rider "  1985  ; stood out as a power player in Oliver Stone 's "  Wall Street "  1987  ; and sold barbwire in "  Back to the Future III "  1990  . Dysart was born March 30 , 1929 , in Boston and raised in Maine . Following high school , he attended the Gould Academy in Bethel , Maine , for a year , served in the U.S. Air Force and attended Emerson College , where he graduated with a master 's degree in speech communications . At the time , he was interested in a career in radio  he became fascinated with the medium in first grade , when he was bedridden for a year because of rheumatic fever  but was soon tempted by acting . He moved to New York on a whim and was able to land minor roles on TV and a part in an off-Broadway production of "  The Iceman Cometh " opposite Jason Robards . In the mid-1960s , he joined the American Conservatory Theater and toured the country doing plays , then landed roles on Broadway in "  All in Good Time , " "  The Little Foxes " and "  A Place Without Doors . " He received a Drama Desk Award for his performance in "  That Championship Season . " Hollywood Reporter : Q&A with Liz Smith Dysart 's credits include an eclectic array of movies , including "  The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder "  1974  , "  The Day of the Locust "  1975  , "  The Hindenburg "  1975  , "  An Enemy of the People "  1978  , "  Prophecy "  1979  , "  Mask "  1985  and "  Hard Rain "  1998  . On television , he was top-notch in the telefilms "  The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman "  1974  , "  The People vs. Jean Harris "  1981  , as Dwight D. Eisenhower in "  The Last Days of Patton "  1986  and as studio chief Louis B. Mayer in "  Malice in Wonderland "  1985  . Survivors also include his stepson Arie and daughter-in-law Jeannine Jacobi , mother-in-law Lenore , brother and sister-in-law Nadine and John Jacobi and grandchildren Abby and Levi . A private memorial is being planned . In lieu of flowers , the family requests donations be made to the Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum , an outdoor theater in Topanga Canyon in the Los Angeles area . Dysart and Jacobi had a second home in the forests of British Columbia . He was lured out of retirement for his last onscreen appearance , the "  L.A. Law " reunion telefilm of 2002 . "  They remain timely , with cases about points of law that are still current , " he said of watching "  L.A. Law " reruns in a 2002 interview with The Bangor Daily News . " -LSB- The show -RSB- was also one of the fathers of yuppiedom . It was very much of the times , and very Los Angeles . It holds up as well as any series I know . " People we 've lost in 2015  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Richard Dysart best known for Leland McKenzie in "  L.A. Law " Dysart had many TV and film roles , including spots in "  Being There " and "  The Thing " Actor won Drama Desk award for performance in theatrical "  That Championship Season "
CNN  -- Mount Rainier National Park reopened to the public Saturday for the first time since Ranger Margaret Anderson was shot to death on New Year 's Day . All services at the park were available expect for "  snowplay . " Anderson was the direct supervisor of the rangers there , and many on that crew -- and elsewhere in the park -- needed more time before returning to work , said park spokesman Charles Beall . "  This tragedy has pretty much affected every employee at the park , " he said . Authorities believe Anderson , 34 , was killed by Benjamin Colton Barnes , a former soldier whose body was found face down in a creek , not far from where he allegedly shot Anderson . Investigators say Barnes shot the ranger after he blew through a checkpoint set up to check vehicles to make sure they had the proper winter gear necessary to travel the park . Anderson and another ranger had set up a second roadblock to stop him when he jumped out of the car and opened fire . She was struck before she was able to get out of her vehicle , authorities said . Anderson was the first Rainier park employee to be a homicide victim . The last ranger fatalities reported at the park were in 1995 when two climbing rangers died during a rescue . Areas within the park have been set up to celebrate Anderson 's life and provide a space for staff and visitors to leave condolences and flowers . She was the mother of two young girls . "  It hurt to open the park up again , " park spokesman Kevin Bacher told CNN affiliate KOMO in Seattle . "  It 's part of letting go of Margaret . It 's part of our grieving . " A memorial service for Anderson is planned for Tuesday at Pacific Lutheran University in Tacoma , Washington .	NEW : "  It hurt to open the park up again , " says park spokesman Kevin Bacher Margaret Anderson , the mother of two young girls , was shot Sunday Her suspected killer was found dead A memorial service for Anderson will be held next week
CNN  -- A movie about literary merit , artistic ambition , authenticity and conscience , set in New York 's publishing world , featuring stories within stories and propelled by an unreliable narrator . It may sound like smart , upscale filmmaking , but I 'm afraid "  The Words " turns into a punishing sentence . Resembling nothing so much as one of those hermetic Woody Allen comedies about self-absorbed intelligentsia , only without the comedy , "  The Words " lays its bookish credentials on thick but rarely feels honest or true . Instead , it rehashes one clich  after another : War-torn lovers part on train platforms , a dusty attach  case picked up in an antique store holds hidden treasure , and late at night , a disappointed author rereads the rejection letters he 's kept on file for just such an occasion . We begin with Dennis Quaid 's craggy novelist Clay Hammond reading to a packed hall from his latest book , "  The Words . " This is the tale of another acclaimed novelist , Rory Jansen  Bradley Cooper  , and his prizewinning opus , "  The Window Tear , " which -- would n't you know it ? -- comes with its own , troubled back story and yet another great writer , this one played by Jeremy Irons under layers of latex and an unbecoming raincoat . Confused ? You wo n't be . The movie insists on explaining itself down to the last comma in copious narration or clunky expository dialogue as it shunts from one literary crisis to the next . One guy ca n't get published and may be too subtle for his own good . Another loses his manuscript . A third ca n't get laid . These qualify as high stakes for men who sit in front of a desk all day  believe me , I know !  , but they do n't necessarily translate into compelling drama . That 's why the last time Bradley Cooper played an aspiring writer with more ambition than talent -- remember "  Limitless " ? -- he took a mind-enhancing super drug and quickly graduated to more inherently cinematic activities like making millions on Wall Street and dodging bullets . Much fun was had by all , and the movie was a minor but deserving hit . In a flick with an unusually high proportion of unconvincing performances , at least Cooper holds his own : Unwarranted approbation is something he gets . Quaid is stuck with the worst of the writing , Hammond 's leaden prose , but his strident delivery sure does n't help . Irons overdoes the hunched old man theatrics and ca n't keep his accent in check but still manages to suggest nuances and knowledge well beyond the scope of anybody else on screen . A scene in which he teases out a yarn -- part confession , part accusation -- on a park bench is a little master class in timing and tonal variation , like watching an expert fly-fisherman reel in the catch of the day . As for the women -- Zoe Saldana , Olivia Wilde , Nora Arnezeder -- they 're either doe-eyed with admiration or walking out the door , with precious little in between . That seems like a serious miscalculation for a movie that would n't mind jerking your tear ducts from time to time , but it 's easily trumped by the folly of writing such a turgid screenplay about literary accomplishment . As someone remarked to a bona fide American wordsmith , Ernest Hemingway , "  the sun also sets , you know ? "	Bradley Cooper , Dennis Quaid and Jeremy Irons play writers Critic says the film has "  unusually high proportion of unconvincing performances " Film 's women are either doe-eyed with admiration or walking out the door
CNN  -- Monday sees the eagerly awaited publication of "  Steve Jobs , " the authorized biography of the late tech pioneer written by Walter Isaacson . Remarkably -- through leaks of the book 's details in the press and reflections from his friends -- I 've learned more about Jobs since his passing than I knew during his life . What I 've learned is that Jobs was guided by a very specific worldview -- a set of values that shaped everything he did . And I 've begun to think how we can all live more like Steve : The Tao of Steve , perhaps . How to be rich Steve , despite his financial success , was frugal . According to Isaacson , a former chairman of CNN , Steve said of money , "  I did not want to live that nutso lavish lifestyle that so many people do when they get rich . " As a result , Steve 's home was n't particularly huge and he famously embraced minimalism . "  I saw a lot of other people at Apple , especially after we went public , how it changed them . " , Steve said in a recorded interview . "  And a lot of people thought that they had to start being rich . I mean , a few people went out and bought Rolls Royces , and they bought homes , and their wives got plastic surgery . I saw these people who were really nice simple people turn into these bizarro people . And I made a promise to myself to myself , I said I 'm not gon na let this money ruin my life . " Steve was n't completely opposed to having expensive things , however : He drove a Mercedes-Benz SL55 AMG . How to dress Steve 's frugality showed in his simple wardrobe , too : a pair of jeans and a black turtleneck . Jobs embraced this look for its simplicity -- allowing him , perhaps , to focus on more important things . "  He also came to like the idea of having a uniform for himself , both because of its daily convenience  the rationale he claimed  and its ability to convey a signature style , " Isaacson said of Steve 's look . Jobs had enough of the turtlenecks to wear them for his entire life . His frugality played into Jobs ' clothing choices as well . Former Compaq chairman Ben Rosen recalled in his blog this week a meeting he had with Jobs on a bitterly cold day in Manhattan . Rosen noticed Jobs did not have a coat , and the two went to a clothing store to purchase one . Jobs found a coat he liked , but balked at the price . "  That much for an overcoat ? Too much . Besides , I 'll never use it in California , " he said . The pair left the store , with Jobs tolerating the freezing cold rather than spending money on a coat he would n't wear again . How to handle authority Living like Steve involves having a healthy disregard for authority . Jobs ' penchant for breaking the rules was best summarized in Apple 's 1997 "  Think Different " ad campaign : "  Here 's to the crazy ones . The misfits . The rebels . The troublemakers . The round pegs in the square holes . The ones who see things differently . They 're not fond of rules . And they have no respect for the status quo . " Jobs questioned authority his entire life , even choosing to drive without license plates . Isaacson asked Jobs why he did n't have plates , to which Jobs initially replied it was for privacy reasons . When informed that having no license plates would actually attract attention , Jobs replied that he did n't have license plates because he did n't have license plates . How to die Jobs ' philosophy on death was that it may ultimately be a good thing : "  Nature 's change agent , " he called it . In a 2005 Stanford commencement speech , Jobs said of death : "  Remembering that I 'll be dead soon is the most important tool I 've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life . Because almost everything -- all external expectations , all pride , all fear of embarrassment or failure -- these things just fall away in the face of death , leaving only what is truly important . Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose . You are already naked . " And yet Jobs may have altered his views as he faced his own mortality . According to Isaacson , Jobs said he was "  50-50 " on whether he believed in God . "  Ever since I 've had cancer I 've been thinking about it more -- and I find myself believing a bit more . I kind of , maybe it 's because I want to believe in an afterlife , that when you die , it does n't just all disappear . The wisdom you 've accumulated . Somehow it lives on . But sometimes I think it 's just like an on-off switch -- click and you 're gone , " Jobs said . "  And that 's why I do n't like putting on-off switches on Apple devices . " To live -- and to die -- like Steve Jobs , then , is to live simply , to challenge the norm , to never let success change you . Most of all , it 's to live in the knowledge that you 're going to die . As Jobs said of mortality : "  Your time is limited , so do n't waste it living someone else 's life . "	Steve Jobs lived by a set of values that shaped everything he did , Pete Cashmore writes Jobs , despite his financial success , was frugal Jobs questioned authority his entire life , even choosing to drive without license plates He saw death as having positive aspects , referring to it as "  nature 's change agent "
Facebook has unveiled a new product , Facebook Home , at an event everyone knew would have something to do with phones and apps and operating systems . "  We 're not building a phone and we 're not building an operating system , " CEO Mark Zuckerberg said Thursday . "  But we 're also building something that 's a whole lot deeper than just another app . " Um , OK . Thanks for clarifying that , Zuck . In all seriousness , though , here 's the breakdown on Home , a feature Facebook hopes will make it part of everything you do on your phone . What is it ? As described by Zuckerberg and others , Home is a "  family of apps " that essentially push Facebook content front and center on your Android phone . Once the phone "  wakes up , " the home screen and lock screen are replaced with something called "  Cover Feed . " Images and posts from friends will appear as the new screen 's background . Users can flip through and interact with them -- "  like " an update , or post a comment -- immediately without having to open a specific Facebook app . One touch takes the user to their apps , or back to the last app they were using . Home 's other big feature was called "  Chat Heads , " which is a basically a tool that combines Facebook Messenger with the phone 's regular SMS text-message tool . Messages pop up regardless of what the user is doing at the time , along with the sender 's profile picture , enclosed in a little circle . The user can decide whether to open the message  without leaving the app or other screen they 're on  , dismiss it or save it for later with a single touch . When and where can I get it ? Home will be available in the Google Play mobile store on April 12 for at least some Android phones . Users will be able to choose whether to install it permanently , or for a one-off trial session . At release , it will only be optimized for Samsung 's Galaxy S III and Galaxy Note II and the HTC One line of phones . It will run on the Galaxy S 4 and the HTC One when those phones are released , with other phones being added in the coming months . Facebook said a version for tablets will be released "  within several months . " How about my iPhone ? Your wait might be quite a bit longer . Or , you know , forever . During the event , Zuckerberg repeatedly talked about how Google 's open Android system was the perfect place to build Home . It 's not unusual for mobile-device makers , most notably Amazon with its Kindle Fire tablets , to tweak the system to suit their own needs . Apple , on the other hand , has a very closed operating system , giving its developers far less leeway in exchange for what the company says is a smoother , better-developed user experience . Creating something like Home for Apple 's iOS system would require an almost unprecedented partnership between the companies . "  Anything that happens with Apple is going to happen with partnership , " Zuckerberg said . "  Google 's Android is open so we do n't have to work with them . " Still , Facebook is n't ruling out the possibility , at least not officially . "  This is a first step and we 're continuing to iterate , " a Facebook spokeswoman said in response to iPhone questions . "  We chose to start building on Android because we could build a more deeply integrated mobile experience . We 'll continue to test and iterate on the Facebook experience across all platforms . " What happened to the Facebook phone I was hearing about ? Well , there 's not one . While rumors to that effect have swirled for a couple of years , Facebook has always maintained it was n't "  making " a phone . That remains technically true . But at Wednesday 's event , HTC unveiled the HTC First , an AT&T exclusive Android phone that will be released the same day Facebook Home goes live . The phone will have Home pre-loaded as the default version of its operating system . So it 's the closest thing to a Facebook phone for now . Unveiled by CEO Peter Chou , the First will be a mid-range phone that looks vaguely like an iPhone 5 , with a 4.3-inch screen and dual-core Snapdragon processor . It will sell for $ 99 in the United States . Folks looking for a high-end HTC phone may be more inclined to wait for the HTC One , which launches on April 19 . What are folks saying ? "  Jokes aside , I think Home is a very smart thing for Facebook to do . At least for now . Really is a blanket over Android . Need to play with it . " -- MG Siegler , columnist , TechCrunch "  Wonder when Twitter and others will introduce their own "  super apps " that take over lock screen , home page ... . " -- Stephen Levy , senior writer , Wired "  It 's nice-looking enough , for what it is . But what it is is an assumption that users want to use Facebook to filter everything they do with their smartphones ... . Putting friends first is n't a bad concept for the smartphone experience . But Facebook thinks that friends = Facebook and Facebook = friends . If this were ever true , it is n't now . " -- Jesse Brown , columnist , Maclean 's	Facebook Home is a family of apps for the Android system It puts photos and posts from the site front and center on your phone "  Chat Heads " also joins Facebook Messenger and SMS texts Home will be available on Google Play starting April 12
CNN  -- In Louisiana , Republican Bill Cassidy is running to retire Democratic incumbent Mary Landrieu . But national Democrats are hoping the GOP lawmaker 's stance on raising the Social Security retirement age will stop that from happening . The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee will unveil a new television ad in the Bayou State on Thursday that hammers Cassidy for favoring increasing the age at which retirees can collect Social Security benefits to 70 . At Tuesday 's debate , Cassidy said he did not support changing benefits for those at or near retirement , but suggested that benefits for younger workers would need to be revamped . Landrieu drew a sharp contrast with Cassidy at that meeting , saying the idea of having people work until they are 70 was "  very bad policy . " The DSCC is reinforcing that message with its latest ad in the hotly-watched race , one of the key battlegrounds for majority control of the Senate this fall . "  When it comes to seniors , Congressman Bill Cassidy has a plan : Raise the retirement age for Social Security and Medicare to 70 , " the narrator grimly states . The 30-second spot is part of a $ 2.5 million buy and is running statewide . Landrieu 's campaign on Thursday unveiled a new website , 70WillHurt . com , to highlight Cassidy 's stance on Social Security . The Cassidy campaign , meanwhile , accused Landrieu of trying to "  have it both ways " when it comes to Social Security , pointing out that the Democrat previously expressed support for the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction report that would have gradually raised the retirement age . A CNN/ORC survey released last month found Landrieu leading Cassidy 43 percent to 40 percent among likely voters , with the other Republican candidate in the race , Rob Maness , pulling nine percent . With no primary , all the contenders for the Senate seat will be on the ballot this fall . If no candidate receives a majority of the vote on Election Day the top two finishers will advance to a December runoff . In a head-to-head matchup , Cassidy leads Landrieu 50 percent to 47 percent among likely voters .	National Democrats unveil new TV ad in Louisiana on Thursday . It hammers Republican Bill Cassidy on raising the Social Security retirement age . The 30-second spot is part of a $ 2.5 million buy and is running statewide . A September CNN/ORC survey shows Landrieu leading Cassidy by three points .
CNN  The nation 's top stories will be unfolding Tuesday in courthouses and political arenas across the country . Massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory -- those of former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez and Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Both lengthy trials are coming to a close . In Louisville , Kentucky , Sen. Rand Paul made the not-so-surprising announcement that he will run for president , while in Chicago , voters will head to the polls in a very surprising runoff between Mayor Rahm Emanuel and challenger Jesus "  Chuy " Garcia . And in Ferguson , Missouri , the shadow of Michael Brown and the protests over his shooting by Officer Darren Wilson will loom large over the city 's elections . Here 's a breakdown of what to expect today and how we got here : Tsarnaev , who 's accused of detonating a bomb at the 2013 Boston Marathon along with his now-deceased brother , faces the stiffest of penalties -- life in prison or the death penalty -- if he 's found guilty on any of 17 capital counts against him , including setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism . The 13th juror : What defense ? On Monday , survivors and victims ' families wept and Tsarnaev fidgeted at a defense table as jurors heard a prosecutor allege that the 21-year-old "  brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets . " The jury on Tuesday morning began what is expected to be a lengthy deliberation process on 30 total charges , before the so-called penalty phase , should he be found guilty on any counts . It took prosecutors months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that Hernandez killed semi-pro player Odin Lloyd , yet on Monday , Hernandez 's defense team wrapped up its witnesses in less than a day . Closing arguments are scheduled for Tuesday , and the jury will begin deliberations soon thereafter . Jurors in Fall River , Massachusetts , will be asked to decide if Hernandez is culpable in the shooting death of Lloyd , whose body was found in a Massachusetts industrial park in the summer of 2013 . Much of the evidence against Hernandez is circumstantial , and among the facts the jury will be asked to take into consideration are New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft 's testimony , the testimony of Hernandez 's fiancee , some grainy footage from Hernandez 's home security system and a footprint left by a Nike Air Jordan shoe . Hernandez known for swagger , even in court OK , sure , no one was floored when the Kentucky senator announced his bid for the Oval Office , but of course it was news when he made it official Tuesday . Paul is expected to hit the campaign trail visiting the all-important early voters in New Hampshire , South Carolina , Iowa and Nevada . The physician rode a wave of tea party popularity into the Senate in 2010 , where he carefully built a brand of mainstream libertarianism , and he is banking on a coalition of younger voters and traditional Republicans to usher him into the White House . Paul and Sen. Ted Cruz are the only declared candidates for the GOP nomination , though the field will certainly grow and could include the likes of Florida 's Jeb Bush , New Jersey 's Chris Christie , Wisconsin 's Scott Walker , South Carolina 's Lindsey Graham and Florida 's Marco Rubio . Would Rand be here without Ron ? It 's the Windy City 's first runoff for a citywide office , and it 's being billed as a battle for the "  future of Chicago . " In one corner , you have Emanuel , President Barack Obama 's notoriously hard-charging former chief of staff , and in the other , you have Jesus "  Chuy " Garcia , a county commissioner who has come to embody populist and liberal Democrats ' frustrations with the Chicago incumbent . After Emanuel failed to snare half the vote in February 's general election , he will go head-to-head with Garcia . The timing is interesting , too , as Easter , Passover and spring break appear to have spurred more than 142,000 early votes , up from about 90,000 before the first round of voting in February . Following Michael Brown 's death , the national spotlight shone on Ferguson , particularly how the city 's predominantly black population is woefully underrepresented in its police force and City Council . Yet with all the hubbub about the face of civic leadership , only four in 10 city residents hit the polls in November to cast ballots . Residents speak out ahead of vote Tuesday 's election will bring change , no matter how the ballots are cast : Two black men are running for one of the open seats , and the current lone black council member is n't up for re-election . In another ward , two black women and two white men are vying for an open seat . And a white protester is running for a third post .	The trials of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Aaron Hernandez are coming to a close Voting has put Rahm Emanuel and Ferguson , Missouri , back in the headlines Rand Paul has announced his bid for the presidency
CNN  -- At least 800 people have been killed in a key Syrian city over the past 40 days , a Syrian monitoring group said Sunday . Most of those killed were ISIS militants and Syrian Kurdish fighters , battling for control of Kobani , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The monitoring group based in London broke down the casualty figures starting September 16 , the day ISIS began its attack on the Syrian Kurdish enclave . More than half of the 815 people killed -- 481 -- were fighters with ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , the Syrian Observatory said in a statement . They were killed in ambushes and suicide car bombings as well as in attacks led by a Kurdish female commander , the group said . The group said 302 Syrian Kurdish fighters were also killed . Two civilians beheaded Civilians accounted for 21 of the dead ; two of them were beheaded , according to the statement . The real death toll could be a lot higher . The group said it believes the actual casualty figure is twice the number documented , "  because there is absolute secrecy on casualties and due to the difficulty of access to many areas and villages that have witnessed violent clashes and bombardment by the two sides . " Video from Kobani on Sunday showed a plume of smoke rising above the city , known in Arabic as Ayn al-Arab . Most of the city 's 200,000 people have fled across the border into neighboring Turkey . New York Times : ISIS hostages were tortured before beheadings U.S. military strikes Word of the casualties comes as U.S. military forces continue to strike ISIS targets in Syria . The U.S. military has conducted five airstrikes near Kobani since Saturday , according to a statement released by U.S. Central Command on Sunday . Separately , the United States and its allies have conducted some 12 airstrikes in Iraq since Saturday , according to the CENTCOM statement .	481 of those killed were ISIS fighters , according to the Syrian Observatory 302 Syrian Kurdish fighters also died in battles with ISIS , group says 21 of the dead were civilians ; two of them were beheaded , Syrian Observatory says
CNN  -- AC Milan clinched their first Serie A title since 2004 on Saturday night as they drew 0-0 with Roma at the Stadio Olimpico . The draw means that Milan now have an unassailable nine-point lead at the top of the table . Even if Inter managed to finish level on points , Milan 's superior head-to-head record against them this season means they can not be beaten . The league title -- the club 's 18th in total -- brings to an end a period of dominance by their city rivals who have won the last five league titles in Italy . "  We gave a lot all year long to get here and we deserve to win . I 'm lucky because the president  Silvio Berlusconi  gave us the opportunity  with new signings  to get important results , " Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri said , AFP reported . Winning the title has also proved the doubters wrong who said his team was too old , Allegri said . "  We won 23 out of 36 games and proved that we deserved it , " Allegri said , AFP reported . Milan 's vice-captain Gennaro Gattuso was full of praise for his coach . "  Allegri deserves a 10 out of 10 , he was the architect of this success , he managed to keep the group compact , " Gatusso said , AFP reported . Only needing a draw to ensure the title , Milan , understandably , played conservatively throughout the 90 minutes , doing what was necessary to see them over the finishing line . Few clear-cut chances fell to either team in the first half , but Roma 's Yugoslav striker Mirko Vucinic went close with a volley in the 14th minute which forced Christian Abbiati into a smothering save . Robinho went close for Milan early in the second half with a curling shot which hit the post and Kevin Prince Boateng shot narrowly wide on the hour mark . Roma became more adventurous as the game wore on but offered little to really trouble the new champions and at the final whistle , Milan were comfortably in control -- much like they have been all season .	AC Milan are Italian league champions for the 18th time in their history Draw with Roma seals first league title since 2004 Ends five-year league dominance of arch rivals Inter
CNN  -- The successful U.S. operation to detain Ahmed Abu Khattalah in Libya should be applauded . Khattalah is a suspect in the 2012 attack on the Benghazi mission . The operation to detain him had far more in common with pre-9 / 11 counterterrorism operations than post-9 / 11 and could presage a return to America 's ability to credibly promote the rule of law in the world . The United States largely lost that ability with the long , drawn-out attempts to justify Guantanamo Bay and the military commissions there , harsh interrogation , and the use of drones to carry out military attacks in places where the United States is not at war . These policies and practices were instituted within days of the 9/11 attacks . As in the Civil War era , the First World War , and the Second World War , national leaders and large segments of the public believed extraordinary measures were warranted . One major difference between those emergencies of the past and today : The measures instituted previously ended far sooner than post-9 / 11 policies . Last year , President Obama quoted James Madison on the risks to liberty of continual war . It is imperative that the United States return to normalcy to preserve our rights . So while we can debate whether the post 9/11 measures were necessary or successful , no one should continue to argue that we need to leave them in place . The Khattalah operation demonstrates what we knew before 9/11 . The law imposes no straightjacket when it comes to apprehending and prosecuting terrorism suspects . We used to be quite good at it . Take the case of Fawaz Yunis , a member of Hezbollah , arrested in 1987 . In that year , undercover FBI agents lured Yunis onto a yacht in the Eastern Mediterranean by promising to let him in on a drug deal . Yunis was wanted for the hijacking of a plane in Lebanon with four Americans on board . According to the judge 's opinion on the guilty verdict in his case , the FBI agents arrested Yunis once the yacht was in international waters . "  The agents transferred Yunis to a United States Navy munitions ship and interrogated him for several days as the vessel steamed toward ... a Navy aircraft carrier . Yunis was flown to Andrews Air Force Base from the aircraft carrier , and taken from there to Washington , D.C. . In Washington , Yunis was arraigned on an original indictment charging him with conspiracy hostage taking , and aircraft damage . " He was convicted and served many years in prison in the United States and Lebanon . Khattalah was also arrested pursuant to an indictment ; he was detained under law enforcement authorities , and will receive a trial before a duly constituted court in the United States . Opinion : Why Benghazi issue wo n't go away We should not expect any of the tough issues raised every time a hearing of any sort is brought before the Guantanamo Bay military commissions . Those commissions are fatally flawed because they have been established in conflict with both peacetime procedural law and the law of armed conflict . The most serious flaw : The commissions were established after the crimes , to get convictions . Courts need to be established to get justice , following objective criteria of fairness . Nothing can be done to save the commissions . Moreover , nothing needs to be done given the perfectly sound courts in the United States , courts that heard the Yunis case , the cases of the 1993 World Trade Center bombers , the Times Square bomber , pirates , organized crime kingpins , and that will hear Khattalah 's case . Of course , trial before a regular U.S. court and an indictment are not the full requirements of the law . To come closer to full legality , Khattalah should have received the Miranda warning by now ; he should be questioned by the FBI , not the military , and should have a defense lawyer present if he requests one . It also appears that he was detained without informing the Libyan authorities . In the Yunis case , the FBI was careful not to violate any state 's rights by arresting him in international waters . At present , the breakdown of authority in Libya is such that under the international law of countermeasures , the United States can claim the right to carry out a law enforcement action without Libyan consent .  This is an ironic situation since the United States helped create the instability that prevails in Libya by fighting for regime change in 2011 . Moreover , so long as the U.S. military personnel involved in the Khattalah operation followed police-type law enforcement rules , they could lawfully be involved in the detention . Their presence was not an unlawful use of force on Libyan soil . That is one of the major differences between this action and drone strikes . U.S. weaponized drones usually deploy the Hellfire missile , which is a tank-killing weapon only appropriate where the United States is engaged in battle as in Afghanistan or where we have the right of self-defense , which has also only been in Afghanistan post 9/11 . In other countries where the United States is using drone attacks -- Pakistan , Yemen , and Somalia -- the United States has not been attacked in a way that can trigger our international right of self-defense . The law requires that the state using military force in self-defense counterattack only when it has been the victim of a significant attack by a state responsible for the attack . When the high threshold for self-defense is not met , countermeasures may be available . That is the law under which the United States publicly defended the raid that killed Osama bin Laden . CIA 's John Brennan announced to the world that the Navy Seals who undertook the mission were under orders to arrest bin Laden . Killing him was only authorized if he resisted arrest . In other words , Brennan announced that the Seals followed classic law enforcement rules . United Nations human rights monitors had no objection . In the course of law enforcement there is no tolerance of "  collateral damage " as on a battlefield . In the bin Laden and the Khattalah operations , family members , neighbors and passersby all survived because the United States did not use drone-launched Hellfire missiles . Drones , Gitmo and torture are not the way to respond to terrorism . Operations consistent with the rule of law are . Whether there was ever a justification for any of these policies post-9 / 11 , it is long over . Time to move on toward the rule of law .	Mary Ellen O'Connell says capturing suspect in Benghazi attack is a good sign She says it represents the U.S. returning to using the law to fight terrorism O'Connell : Until now , the U.S. has relied heavily on unlawful drone attacks U.S. courts , not military commissions , are right venue for trials of terrorists , she says
CNN  -- Could motorsports become a major industry in football-obsessed Nigeria ? It will be if one Nigerian businessman has his way . London-based entrepreneur Ribi Adeshokan has entered his country into the lavish and highly-competitive world of car racing and has ambitious plans to drive African motorsport and build a multi-million dollar racing industry on the continent . Called Nigeria Racing Eagle  NRE  , the team says it hopes to compete at major motor racing events over the next few months , including the FIA GT3 series and sports car endurance races . "  My philosophy is whatever I want to do , I go for the best , " Adeshokan , team principal and owner of NRE said Monday , moments after unveiling a green and silver Audi R8 LMS as the team 's car at the Africa Village , a London Olympics exhibition site designed to highlight the continent 's cultural , artistic and sport assets . Adeshokan says his team will proudly "  fly the flag of Africa , " being the first Nigerian racing team to represent the continent at world motorsports . "  The idea of a racing team called Nigeria Racing Eagle is to use African drivers and gradually develop African mechanics and engineers , " he says . "  In the motorsport community I 've been asked so many times , ` oh what if they are no good , ' or ` you might be , maybe , the last on the grid , ' and I say ` yes , I do n't care , let 's be the last on the grid but we are developing , we are growing , ' so that 's our main goal for this project . " See also : EasyJet founder to launch low-cost airline in Africa An engineer by training , Adeshokan 's association with motorsport first started as a hobby in early 2000 . But he soon turned his passion into business and in 2007 he set up a racing company called GRC Motorsport . Adeshokan initially put together a racing side to compete as "  Team Nigeria " at the World Cup of Motorsport . But right before he was about to realize his dream , the World Cup series went bankrupt . Determined Adeshokan devoted further time and money to create NRE . He says his business venture has been solely financed by himself and a few friends who had faith in his vision . "  The biggest challenge is people believing in my dream , " he says . "  I found out that people struggle to understand and most people never can imagine that motorsport can come to Africa or to Nigeria . " Adeshokan , who recently appointed veteran British motorsport executive John Wickham as team manager , says that right now there is a "  50-50 " chance for NRE to be ready for the GT3 race in Moscow in early September . Yet , for Adeshokan and his team , competing at the international motorsport arena is only one part of their goal . "  One of the key pillars of this project is not just about putting together a racing team -- it 's about introducing motorsport to West Africa and that means we have to create circuits , we have to create series and , most importantly , we have to create drivers , " says Sam Collins , NRE 's lead driver . As a result , GRC is looking to develop a racing championship in Nigeria and is also setting up a domestic academy to develop young drivers and prepare them to compete at the global stage . It has also teamed up with Tiger Racing , a UK-based sports car manufacturer , to create a development center to train young mechanics and engineers in the West African country . More from Marketplace Africa : ` Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world In addition , Adeshokan says he 's partnered with local authorities in Lagos to develop a "  Monaco-style " circuit on the streets of the city 's marina to host an international motorsport grand prix . "  That one to me is so exciting , " says Adeshokan , adding that motorsport presents Nigeria with a huge business , marketing and networking potential that can create career opportunities for the country 's youth and also attract foreign investors . "  Motorsport is the richest sport in the world -- it 's a multi-billion dollar economy , so why do n't we also tap into it . " Collins says that apart from South Africa , where there is a "  reasonably good domestic scene of mostly white drivers , " and some racing events held in Morocco , "  there 's not really any motorsport in Africa . " "  We want to prove to the rest of Africa that this is a major sport and to be honest everybody knows , Nigerian , West African men love their cars . " Adeshokan believes Nigerians can emulate the successful example of British cycling -- which has become an international tour de force in recent years -- and dominate the world of motorsport in the future . "  In 10 years I 'd be incredibly disappointed if we did n't have a Formula One driver and I 'd be very disappointed if we did n't have a Formula One driver who is winning races , " added Collins .	Nigeria Racing Eagle will soon compete at major car racing events , founders say The team is setting up an academy to develop young Nigerian drivers It is also working to create a development center to train mechanics and engineers Owner Ribi Adeshokan says he wants Lagos to host an international race
CNN  -- Bria Hunter tried to lie her way out of a meeting of the "  Red Dawg Order , " a club within the famed Marching 100 Band at Florida A&M University . For her deceit , according to police , the clarinet player was allegedly struck more than 20 times . And for failing to memorize and properly cite information about the clique ? That , according to a probable cause affidavit , resulted in a metal ruler across Hunter 's leg . The cumulative injuries to her legs , according to police , landed Hunter in the hospital several days later with blood clots , deep bone bruising and a cracked femur . Getting into the "  Clones , " another group within the Marching 100 , apparently did n't come without pain , either . Ivery Luckey estimated he was struck nearly 300 times , mostly "  hard licks " at an initiation . Of the 25 to 30 people present , most were females , and several used wooden paddles on Luckey , according to a Tallahassee police report . Luckey ended up in the hospital and had full renal failure , he said . The hazing-related death of band member Robert Champion has brought renewed public scrutiny to a practice that has gone on for years . The Hunter and Luckey cases , 13 years apart , have shed light on the types of hazing some have allegedly faced as they 've tried to be a part of perhaps the most famous marching band in the land . Tuesday , three band members accused of hazing Hunter appeared in a Tallahassee courtroom . Attorney B.J. Bernstein said that Hunter , 18 , who attended high school in metro Atlanta , is leaving FAMU . "  Bria was very brave -- she notified the school , she notified the police , " Bernstein said . Just weeks before he died in what authorities say was a hazing-related incident , drum major Champion gave her some advice , Hunter said . She did not follow it . "  He would always tell me , like , do n't let people do it to you , " Hunter , 18 , told CNN affiliate WFTV in late November . When asked why she participated in the hazing , Hunter answered , "  So we can be accepted . If you do n't do anything , then it 's like you 're lame . " Champion , 26 , who also attended Southwest DeKalb High School in Decatur , Georgia , died after a November 19 football game that included a halftime performance . The band returned to its Orlando hotel following the game . The drum major "  reportedly threw up in the parking lot and started complaining of not being able to breathe , " authorities said in a release . Champion was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead . No cause of death has been released . After Champion 's death , some band members told CNN it may have been the result of a rite of passage called "  crossing Bus C " -- the bus Champion was on after a game the night he died . One band member , who spoke with CNN on condition of anonymity , explained , "  You have to walk from the front of the bus to the back of the bus backwards while the bus is full of other band members and you get beaten until you get to the back . " When asked what the point is , the band member answered , "  for respect . " FAMU 's board of trustees voted last week to reprimand its president in the wake of Champion 's death , and the band 's director has been placed on administrative leave while state police investigate . School spokeswoman Sharon Saunders on Tuesday issued a statement saying the university 's "  board of trustees and President  James  Ammons hope that through these arrests , all involved in perpetuating this culture will really begin to view hazing as a serious matter . " FAMU has an anti-hazing policy . But B.J. Bernstein , Hunter 's attorney , said FAMU should be held accountable for hazing behavior , even if off-campus . She called the practice an "  open secret . " "  Young people may call themselves the Red Dawgs , but any adult would know this is nothing more than a gang , with a form of initiation which essentially is a beat-down , " Bernstein told reporters . Bernstein indicated her client most likely will file suit against FAMU . The student is giving up a four-year , $ 82,000 scholarship , said Bernstein . "  For any person who 's a subject of hazing or a victim , this is a huge issue of why they do n't come forward , " the attorney told reporters Tuesday afternoon . "  We 're talking about young people whose entire education hangs on the fact that the school is giving them a full scholarship to be part of one of what was considered to be the greatest band in the United States . " The Tallahassee Police probable cause affidavit said the three young men accused of hazing Hunter are members of the Red Dawgs clique . Sean Hobson , 23 , Aaron Golson , 19 , and James Harris , 22 -- are charged with hazing , a crime under Florida law . Hobson and Golson are charged with felony battery as well . WFTV : Band members arrested ; 2 to fight hazing charges The three appeared in court Tuesday , where they were ordered to have no contact with Hunter or with each other . Golson 's attorney told CNN that there are inconsistencies in the probable cause affidavit . "  We feel the allegations against him are for the most part unfounded , " said attorney Craig J. Brown . "  His stance is he was not hazed and would not do it to anyone else , " said Brown , indicating his client will waive arraignment and plead not guilty . The affidavit says Hobson "  denied all physical abuse allegations towards Hunter or any other pledge . " It also quotes a text message authorities say Hobson sent to multiple people , including Hunter , that read , "  I apologize for the hurt I put you through . I apologize for the mental and physical strain that you have endured . " But , the affidavit says , Hobson denied sending Hunter any such message . The affidavit says Harris "  denied ever witnessing Hunter be struck during any kind of initiation meeting . " An attorney representing Harris did not return a message left Tuesday by CNN . The clerk 's office did not have an attorney of record for Hobson . According to the affidavit , Hunter on October 31 falsely told Hobson that she could not attend an off-campus meeting because she had a meeting of her band section . "  For the deceit , Hunter stated that she was lined up with approximately 11 other pledges with her being at the front , " the affidavit recounts . She said she was ordered to lift her legs up while standing , as if she was about to march , and was struck by Hobson and Golson , who were using their balled up fists "  to punch her on the top of the thighs . " After she was hit more than 20 times in the legs , Harris intervened and told Hobson and Golson to stop , the affidavit says . Three witnesses corroborated Hunter 's account , and also said they were hit on the back of the head and neck , the affidavit says . On November 1 , at another meeting , Hunter and other pledges were beaten again , she told investigators . She said Hobson used a metal ruler across the top of her thighs . "  Accountability and responsibility is a critical part for any student who 's a part of this , " Bernstein said . "  But even more so , Florida A&M has to change . " Incidents of hazing have followed the FAMU band for years . In 2001 , a student was paddled so badly he had to be hospitalized for kidney failure , and just weeks before Champion 's death , band director Julian White suspended 26 members for alleged hazing . In 1998 , a Tallahassee Police Department report described Ivery Luckey as being "  severely beaten . " He and two other students were to be initiated . CNN Atlanta affiliate WXIA reported that Luckey filed a lawsuit against the Florida Board of Regents and reached a $ 50,000 settlement in 2004 . "  Back then , you could be the best player on the field , but if you did not cross over in your section , there 's no way you 're marching at a game , " Luckey told WXIA a few weeks ago . "  The hazing consisted of the group taking turns paddling each of the three continuously , " the police report said . Luckey , a member of the clarinet section , estimated he was struck nearly 300 times at the off-campus initiation . Luckey told officers people in the group would hold him down when he tried to get up . "  He stated that mostly girls did all of the paddling and there were numerous slaps to his face . " At one point he decided the beating was too severe and started to leave , but members convinced him that it was nearly over and he should finish . The next day he was ill , and two days after the beating he was admitted to the hospital for severe bruising to his buttocks . The report said it "  was apparent that he was in fear of future violence as a result of pressing charges . " Bernstein said students who make complaints face pressure . Her client , she said , was crying and emotional before taking a final exam Tuesday . "  She experienced ridicule , " the lawyer said of Hunter . "  My understanding is some people already tweeting that it 's a lie do n't believe her . But there is no lie in what happened . " CNN 's George Howell , Jason Carroll , Melanie Whitley and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Attorney for one suspect said "  inconsistencies "  in account favor his client Attorney says Hunter is leaving FAMU , likely to file lawsuit Three suspects are charged with hazing ; two are charged with felony battery A 1998 alleged incident left a student with severe bruising
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British police are reviewing the death of Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones , 40 years after the hard-living rocker was found dead in a swimming pool . An autographed photo of Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones who was found dead in July 1969 Police in Sussex , in southern England , have confirmed they are examining documents given to them by an investigative journalist who has been researching events surrounding Jones ' death . Scott Jones , who is not related to the musician , has spent four years reviewing the evidence and speaking to key witnesses in the case . In an article published in the Daily Mail in November 2008 , Jones wrote , "  I 'm convinced Brian Jones ' death was not fully investigated . The only question that remains is why ? " Brian Jones ' body was found in the swimming pool after a party at his home in Cotchford Farm , East Sussex in July 1969 . He was 27 . An inquest returned a verdict of death by misadventure , despite post mortem results showing he had not taken illegal drugs and had only consumed the alcoholic equivalent of three and a half pints of beer . One of the most popular conspiracy theories that followed was that Jones was murdered by his builder , Frank Thorogood . The theory gained credence after Thorogood allegedly confessed to the killing before his death in 1993 . The storyline formed the basis of the 2005 film "  Stoned . " Sussex police told CNN they could not say how long it would take to review the new material , nor whether it could lead to a full investigation . There have been repeated calls for closer examination of the case since Jones ' death , which came just three weeks after he left the Rolling Stones . His drinking and drug-taking had taken a toll on his health and the band , and in 1969 Jones announced he was leaving . In a statement he said , "  I no longer see eye-to-eye with the others over the discs we are cutting . " Last year , Scott Jones published an article containing contents of an interview he conducted with one of the people present at Jones ' home on the night of his death . In the article , published in the Daily Mail , Jones ' said Janet Lawson , the girlfriend of Rolling Stones tour manager Tom Keylock , gave him a version of events that contradicted her official police statement . She is reported to have called her original statement , "  a pack of lies ... total rubbish . " Lawson 's revised version of events is among the documents Jones has supplied to Sussex police . It is also believed to include previously unseen files released by the Public Records Office . Lawson died of cancer soon after telling Scott Jones her new sworn testimony .	Sussex police confirm they are reviewing information on Brian Jones ' death Rolling Stones founder was found dead in his swimming pool in July 1969 Inquest found "  death by misadventure , " although questions remained Investigative journalist has handed documents , other material to police
CNN  -- As news of the much-awaited release of Myanmar Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi reverberated throughout the world , activists and world leaders were seizing the opportunity to make a case for democracy and human rights in this besieged nation . Myanmar -- formerly known as Burma -- has been ruled by a Marxist military junta since 1962 . The military regime has cracked down on political dissidents , forcing thousands to flee . In a statement released Saturday , President Barack Obama called Suu Kyi a personal "  hero " and called for the military regime to "  release all political prisoners , not just one . " "  The United States looks forward to the day when all of Burma 's people are free from fear and persecution , " Obama said in Saturday 's statement . Suu Kyi : ` I 'm very happy to see you again ' "  Following Aung San Suu Kyi 's powerful example , we recommit ourselves to remaining steadfast advocates of freedom and human rights for the Burmese people and accountability for those who continue to oppress them , " he said . The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said while Suu Kyi 's release is a "  positive signal , " Pillay urged the military regime to also release the remaining political prisoners still detained . "  I urge the authorities of Myanmar to now release the other 2,200 political prisoners as a clear sign that the new government intends to respect human rights and forge a new future for the country , " she said . British Prime Minister David Cameron also said Suu Kyi was an "  inspiration " and that the military regime must uphold its decision . "  Her detention was a travesty , designed only to silence the voice of the Burmese people , " he said . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso called for the "  unconditional release " of all detained dissidents and said Suu Kyi 's freedom should be unrestricted . "  This is the only way to ensure that the Myanmar elections of 7 November are the start of a real transition to democracy , " Barroso said Saturday . Former U.S. President Bill Clinton said he was "  thrilled " by news of Suu Kyi 's release . "  People who love freedom everywhere admire her and the long sacrifice she has made for her people , " he said . "  In light of recent elections , I also hope that Aung San Suu Kyi 's release will lead to the rapid inclusion of her and the Burmese citizens in governance , " he said . Former first lady Laura Bush and former President George Bush called for Suu Kyi 's release to be unconditional . "  We strongly support the aspirations of the Burmese people and their demands for basic human rights : freedom of speech , worship , and assembly , " said Bush . In Asia , Australia 's Prime Minister Julia Gillard called Suu Kyi 's detention "  completely unjustified " and said her government is lobbying for an opportunity to meet with her personally . "  Minister for Foreign Affairs Kevin Rudd said the government was seeking an early opportunity to speak with Aung San Suu Kyi , to convey Australia 's support for her and her struggle for democracy in Burma , " Gillard said . "  We will closely monitor her situation , including any restrictions imposed on her freedom of movement or association . Australia continues to call on the Burmese authorities to immediately and unconditionally release the more than 2000 political prisoners still detained in Burma , " she said . China 's official Xinhua news agency was less exuberant with words on Saturday . China has refrained from publicly pressuring Myanmar and has remained the Marxist regime 's closest ally since the military coup 20 years ago . India has also been criticized by the United States and others for not voicing opposition to the military junta . When India accorded a red-carpet welcome in July to the top leader of Myanmar 's military junta , there was little mention of human rights abuses allegedly taking place in Myanmar 's prisons , critics claimed . Human rights advocates and Suu Kyi followers overseas still expressed concerns not only for repercussions of her release , but the situation of the prisoners still incarcerated . Burma Campaign UK warned that her release should not be seen as the final return of democracy in Burma and also called for the release of prisoners . "  The release of Aung San Suu Kyi is about public relations , not democratic reform , " said Zoya Phan , International Coordinator at Burma Campaign UK in a statement released Saturday . "  I am thrilled to see our democracy leader free at last , but the release is not part of any political process , instead it is designed to get positive publicity for the dictatorship after the blatant rigging of elections on 7th November . We must not forget the thousands of other political prisoners still suffering in Burma 's jails . " In Saturday 's statement , Phan and the Burma Campaign UK recalled previous incidents in which her release was widely broadcast but did not come through . "  It is the third time Aung San Suu Kyi has been released from house arrest , " the statement said . "  The last time she was released , in 2002 , it was part of a U.N.-led initiative to try to persuade Burma 's dictatorship to enter into dialogue leading to a transition to democracy . However , when the time came for substantive discussions the dictatorship refused to continue the dialogue . "	Obama : Suu Kyi is a personal "  hero " Military junta should release remaining prisoners Burma Campaign UK urges the world not to forget other prisoners
After years of causing angst for White House political aides by delving into issues of race , Attorney General Eric Holder is heading to Ferguson , Missouri , as President Barack Obama 's top emissary . The trip on Wednesday to the St. Louis suburb now in the spotlight represents the latest effort by the Obama administration to find a way to calm racial tensions following the police shooting of Michael Brown , 18 . Under Holder , the first black attorney general , the Justice Department has intensified its scrutiny of police departments , launching 20 investigations of police practices and alleged discriminatory enforcement patterns in the past five years . That 's more than twice the number of such probes in the previous five years . That record is part of Holder 's pitch to reassure the local community in Ferguson that the Justice Department will properly investigate the shooting of Brown , who was unarmed , by a white officer , Darren Wilson . Ferguson has been at the center of daily standoffs between protesters and police since the August 9 shooting . Some of the protests have turned violent . Holder 's visit will focus on the Justice Department 's civil rights investigation , which is examining whether Wilson acted properly in using deadly force . The federal probe is separate from a criminal one being conducted by local authorities . "  At a time when so much may seem uncertain , the people of Ferguson can have confidence that the Justice Department intends to learn -- in a fair and thorough manner -- exactly what happened , " Holder wrote in an opinion piece for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch ahead of his trip . "  We understand the need for an independent investigation , and we hope that the independence and thoroughness of our investigation will bring some measure of calm to the tensions in Ferguson , " he added . Holder has been outspoken on issues related to disparity in the judicial system and has led efforts to reduce disparities in sentences that statistically have greater effect on racial minorities . Obama cautious on Ferguson While those efforts have the backing of Obama , Holder 's public views on the issue of race have n't always been welcome for the White House . In his first major speech after taking office in 2009 , Holder told a Black History Month gathering at the Justice Department : "  Though this nation has proudly thought of itself as an ethnic melting pot , in things racial we have always been and continue to be , in too many ways , essentially a nation of cowards . " Obama criticized the "  nation of cowards " characterization , saying "  if I had been advising my attorney general , we would have used different language . " Privately , Holder believed he was right . But he stayed away from the issue for a while . At the same time , he vowed to reinvigorate the Justice Department 's civil rights division , which was the center of controversy over partisan meddling during the administration of President George W. Bush . Concerns about prosecutor That unit enforces a 1994 law approved after the Rodney King beating by police in Los Angeles that makes it unlawful for police to engage in a pattern or practice that deprives people of their constitutional rights . Of the 20 investigations the civil rights division has launched in the past five years , seven are ongoing , including those against police departments in Albuquerque , Miami , and Cleveland . As a result of increased scrutiny , there are now 13 law enforcement agencies subject to agreements with the Justice Department . Seven of those are under court-ordered consent decrees , the largest number in the department 's history . Holder has criticized some of the police response to the street protests in Ferguson , while at the same time advocating enforcement against people rioting and looting . He has sent Justice Department officials to provide technical assistance to police , suggesting less aggressive tactics and avoiding the use of military-style vehicles to deal with protesters . 5 things to know about the shooting Among those sent to Ferguson is Ronald Davis , who heads the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services . A former police chief in East Palo Alto , California , Davis is African-American and has spoken out about racial profiling by police . "  I am a black man who is subject to increased scrutiny from my community , my profession , and my country because of the color of my skin , " Davis said at a 2012 hearing . He added that he is proud to be a police officer , but noted that "  as a black man with a 14-year-old son , Glenn , I know that when I teach him how to drive a car I must also teach him what to do when stopped by the police -- a mandatory course for young men of color . "  I must also prepare him for the bias he is likely to face and the reality that , despite the strength of his character or his contributions to society , there will be those who will attach criminality to him simply because of the color of his skin , " Davis said . Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests	Attorney General Eric Holder heads to Ferguson , Missouri , on Wednesday The Justice Department has launched a civil rights investigation of the Ferguson shooting Michael Brown , an African-American , was shot and killed by a white police officer Protests continue with some erupting into violence on the streets of Ferguson
CNN  -- One half Indian , the other Pakistani , they are the most talked-about partnership in tennis . Dubbed "  the Indo-Pakistan Express , " Rohan Bopanna and Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi hope to end their breakthrough year with a showdown at the infamous Wagah border that divides their countries . Bopanna , an Indian Hindu , and Qureshi , a Pakistani Muslim also aged 30 , reached their first major doubles final at the U.S. Open in September and climbed to eighth in the world rankings . Yet their work off the court has attracted just as much attention as they try to soften the often-fractious relationship between their two nations since partition in 1947 . The pair have been honored with a string of awards for their humanitarian work in the past 12 months , and are determined to start picking up tournament titles in 2011 . Can champion duo 's reunion spark an Indian tennis boom ? But a showpiece clash at the notorious border crossing that hosts a nightly pageant between India and Pakistan 's border forces would be the perfect way to carry their "  Stop War , Start Tennis " campaign into the new year . "  We 're thinking how to get to a wider audience and spread the message of peace through our partnership and thought , " Qureshi told CNN 's Open Court . "  How about playing a match at the Wagah border , with Rohan playing on the Pakistani side and me on the Indian side for a gesture of friendship ? "  At the U.S. Open the ambassadors to the United Nations for Pakistan and India both came to watch the semifinals and finals . That was a huge deal because normally you do n't see two diplomats cheering for one cause -- it was a really positive sign . I just hope in the near future we can have that match at the border , that would be great . " The village of Wagah , near the Indian city of Amritsar and the Pakistani city of Lahore , is the only road border crossing between the two countries , and the daily ceremony -- which includes a lot of strutting , stamping and saluting -- regularly attracts a crowd of thousands . A match there could be a watershed moment for a pairing that first emerged in 2003 but did not make a major impact until this season . Their burgeoning partnership on court is allied to a deep-rooted desire to strengthen links between two countries which have a long and deep distrust of each other . "  We 're both brand ambassadors for an organization called Peace and Sport , " Bopanna said . "  Right now we 're trying to see if we can help tennis in both our countries , promote it and keep the sport growing as much as we can . " As well as receiving the Arthur Ashe Humanitarian of the Year award at the recent ATP World Tour Finals in London , they were also given the Peace and Sport Award for 2010 at a glittering ceremony in Monaco . The citation read : "  Their commitment to promoting peace between the two countries and their conviction that peace was possible was shown amply during the year . " Joel Bouzou , president of the Peace and Sport Foundation , added of the proposed Wagah match : "  The sport is ready for peace . Will the two governments rise to the occasion ? " Their partnership may have attracted plenty of headlines but for Qureshi , teaming up with his Indian counterpart made perfect sense . "  I 've been playing with Indian players ever since I started playing tennis , " he said . "  Unfortunately there are not that many Pakistanis on the tour , and playing with an Indian was actually the most natural thing that came to me -- having the same language , most of the time having the same dinner , Indian or Pakistani foods in the evening . "  The first time I ever traveled to India when I was 16 , I was one of the top -LSB- Pakistani -RSB- juniors and he was one of the top juniors in India and that 's how I got to know him . "  Knowing his attacking style of play , I always knew if we played together we 'd be able to make a really good impact . I think results clearly show in that way I was right , though normally he tells me that I am always wrong ! " As well as their run to the final of the U.S. Open , where they were beaten by the Bryan brothers from America , they also enjoyed success at Wimbledon which made them household names back home . "  This year we made the quarterfinal at Wimbledon and that was very , very big in Pakistan , " Qureshi said . "  I 've always told him I think he 's the most popular Indian guy in Pakistan this year ! "  I can thank him enough for that because obviously without him I would n't have been able to achieve all those goals , and with him being my best friend on the tour it makes it the icing on the cake . It 's been a great journey so far . "	Rohan Bopanna and Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi are the most talked about doubles pairing in tennis Bopanna is an Indian Hindu while Qureshi is a Pakistani Muslim The pair are known for their Humanitarian work to strengthen links between their countries They made the 2010 U.S. Open final and want to stage a match on the India-Pakistan border
Gov. Terry McAuliffe , a longtime friend of the Clinton family , thinks the former Secretary of State will decide whether she 'll run for president in 60 days . "  She 's got to make that decision and she 's got to spend the next 60 days making that decision ... I 'm really hoping she runs , but I 'm leaving that decision to her , " McAuliffe told U.S. News & World Report on Thursday . The Virginia governor 's projection means Clinton will have made up her mind by mid-January 2015 , which matches the time frame Clinton said she plans to make her widely anticipated decision . "  I am going to be making a decision around , probably after the first of the year about whether I am going to run again , " she told a Mexican audience in early September . When asked whether his close ties to Clinton would land him the VP spot , McAuliffe said he 's "  just happy to support her . " The former chairman of Clinton 's failed 2008 campaign is n't the only one anticipating her announcement . John Podesta , Bill Clinton 's former chief of staff and current Obama adviser , told PBS ' Al Hunt on Friday that he will join Hillary 's campaign if she asks . "  She has n't made a decision , so she has structured no campaign , " he said . "  If she runs , as I hope she will , I 'll do whatever she 'd ask me to do . "	Terry McAuliffe says Hillary Clinton will decide if she will run for president in the next 60 days The time frame points to a January decision date In September , Clinton said she would decide by that time
Atlanta  CNN  -- Georgia 's Supreme Court halted Monday evening 's scheduled execution of a convicted murderer on procedural grounds , but rejected a plea to spare him due to mental retardation . The unanimous ruling from the seven-member court gave a reprieve to 52-year-old Warren Lee Hill , who was condemned for bludgeoning a fellow inmate to death in 1990 . He had been scheduled to die at 7 p.m. Monday . Justices said they would review whether prison officials needed public hearings before changing the drugs used in lethal injections from a mix of three to a single drug . Hill 's lawyers also argue that the condemned convict should be spared because he has an IQ of 70 . The U.S. Supreme Court in 2002 struck down the death penalty for convicts with mental retardation , but Georgia law says an inmate has to prove mental retardation beyond a reasonable doubt , and a state court ruled earlier this month that Hill 's lawyers had failed to do that . All justices except Robert Benham refused to review Hill 's appeal of that case . "  I can not join in any ruling by this court that would allow the execution of Warren Hill Jr. , who has been found by a preponderance of the evidence to have a mental disability , " Benham found . Hill was already serving a life term in the 1985 shooting death of his girlfriend , Myra Sylvia Wright , when convicted of killing inmate Joseph Handspike . The state announced last week that it was replacing its use of a three-drug cocktail to put prisoners to death with a single drug , pentobarbital . Hill 's lawyers argued the decision required public notice under the state 's Administrative Procedure Act , a question the court halted proceedings to consider . CNN 's Jamie Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Justices reject appeal of mental retardation claim Warren Hill had been scheduled to die by injection Monday evening Georgia 's Supreme Court halted the execution Monday afternoon Hill 's lawyers argue changes to Georgia 's execution protocol need review
Denver  CNN  -- Iraq war veteran Sean Azzariti described his purchase of recreational marijuana -- legally -- as a historic moment Wednesday . "  It 's huge , " he said at a marijuana store along a light industrial corridor outside downtown Denver . "  It has n't even sunk in how big this is yet . " Indeed , before the 3D Cannabis Center opened at 8 a.m. MT , more than 100 people were waiting in snowfall and cold under gray skies to be the next buyers of recreational pot under a landmark law voters approved in 2012 . The dispensary was one of a handful that opened to lines of waiting people on New Year 's Day , with scores more expected statewide in coming months . Do you smoke pot ? Tell us about it Azzariti was selected to be the first buyer at the 3D Cannabis Center because he was a Marine from 2000 to 2006 who now suffers post-traumatic stress disorder after two tours in Iraq . He ca n't obtain medical marijuana in Colorado because PTSD is n't a qualifying condition for that treatment , he said . "  This is what we worked so hard for the last few years , " he said of the voter-approved constitutional amendment that led Colorado to become the first state in the nation to open recreational pot stores to anyone age 21 and older . "  It 's mind-blowing . " Azzariti , 32 , bought an eighth of an ounce of pot , plus chocolate truffles laced with marijuana . Those treats are called "  edibles " at the store . The price : $ 59.50 . The marijuana alleviates the anxiety and stress that come from PTSD , he said , adding that he 'll smoke the pot Wednesday evening . At several recreational weed stores , buyers waited in line for three or four hours to be a part of opening-day history . Despite the hundreds of people queuing on public sidewalks , no significant problems emerged Wednesday , Denver officials said . "  I want to thank the businesses and consumers alike for acting responsibly and with great accountability today , " Denver Mayor Michael B. Hancock said in a statement . "  Denver is a progressive city , a vibrant city , and it 's incumbent on all of us to continue getting this right . " Long lines Even three hours after the stores opened , one downtown Denver dispensary had a line of about 100 people outside the front door to the corner . The snow had stopped falling by then , and the gray skies were clearing to blue . While patrons -- young and the old , men and women -- waited patiently in line , the demographic at the downtown dispensary tilted more toward 20 - and 30-somethings . When many buyers emerged from the store and nudged through the line , they raised their bags of newly purchased pot above their heads . People waiting on the sidewalk cheered them . Even though recreational weed is now legal , some purchasers declined to disclose their last names . One woman , Dee , who did n't want to use her surname , said she waited in line for almost three hours to buy her cannabis . She and a male companion bought a small amount , she said , just to commemorate the occasion . "  We voted for it , and now it 's here , " Dee said of the recreational marijuana law . "  We just went in and celebrated the new law . It 's a new day . " She did n't mind the long wait at the LoDo 's Dispensary . "  Everybody is cool and mellow and nice . So it 's all good , " she said . Some motorists passing the pot shop honked and cheered the queue of buyers , who whooped in return . One motorist , however , shouted a disparaging remark about the "  potheads , " and the crowd muttered raspberries in response . Buyers whiled away the hours in line by talking aloud about the benefits of marijuana as a remedy for hangovers , headaches , sleeplessness and low appetite . Then a young woman in a passing SUV slowed and interrupted them by asking , "  What 's going on , guys ? " "  Legal pot sale ! " a man in line shouted . "  Oh , I need an eighth ! " the young woman shouted back excitedly . The car drove on . In fact , around 11:30 a.m. MT , Don Andrews , whose family owns and runs the dispensary , announced to the waiting people on the sidewalk that he was being forced to limit sales to an eighth of an ounce to each person , though under the new state law , a resident can buy up to an ounce . The dispensary will close at 7 p.m. MT , but Andrews said he may have to start turning people away at 4 p.m. . The line had gone out the front door , down the street and around the corner by 2 p.m. MT , when more than 400 people had made purchases . In all , Andrews counted buyers from several states and countries . Buyers showed IDs from Vermont , Arizona , Georgia , Oregon , Wyoming , Louisiana -- and even Alaska and Hawaii . Other prospective weed buyers came from Canada , Australia and Italy , though the Italian man , 21 , walked away because he had to catch a bus for his tour of America . South of downtown , the Evergreen Apothecary was encountering the same phenomenon : 700 people in line took numbers , but employees said they might not be able to serve all of them by the close of business . The atmosphere at the dispensaries was clearly celebratory and cheerful . For example , about 10 miles outside of downtown , one man said he had waited in the snow since 2:30 a.m. for the Medicine Man dispensary to open at 8 a.m. . When asked how he felt after making the first sale there , he responded : "  I 'll feel better in an hour . " Applauding , criticizing the new law Even before the weed went on sale , enthusiasts were anticipating the end of an era . "  Prohibition is over , " blared a flier for New Year 's Eve festivities at Casselman 's Bar in Denver . "  Celebrate Cannabis freedom in style . " As many as 30 stores throughout Colorado will sell recreational weed . Of the estimated 30 stores , 18 are in Denver . "  With Washington state next to implement marijuana legalization and other states strongly considering enacting similar laws , we believe this marks the beginning of the end of the nation 's decades-long war on marijuana and its harmful human and fiscal toll , " Ezekiel Edwards , a director at the American Civil Liberties Union , said in a prepared statement . But not everyone was applauding . "  Legalization -- with all of the American-style promotion that will accompany it -- is the last thing people in recovery , parents , communities -- and even our nation -- need right now , " Smart Approaches to Marijuana said on its website . A total of 136 stores received state licenses last week , but most apparently had not obtained approval yet from their local governments to open on January 1 . In 2012 , Colorado voters approved the sale of recreational marijuana , as did voters in Washington state . But Colorado is the first to have the pot shops up and running under regulations recently established by state and local governments . Colorado voters ' approval in effect amended the state 's constitution to allow for the retail sale of recreational pot . The state already allows medical marijuana . Limits to marijuana consumption Not all of the state is participating in the new law . A community can decide not to allow the shops , and in fact , most of the state geographically has n't , including communities such as Greeley and Colorado Springs . Proponents of the new law were dealt a setback last week when Denver and state officials threatened to shut down a private party at a dance club scheduled for January 1 celebrating the end of the prohibition against cannabis -- an event billed as "  Cannabition . " The organizers canceled the party because officials said it would violate a Denver ordinance prohibiting the public consumption of marijuana . Cannabis can only be smoked on private property with the owner 's permission . Under the new state law , residents are now able to buy marijuana like alcohol . The cannabis purchase is limited to an ounce , which is substantial enough to cost about $ 200 or more . People from out of state can buy up to a quarter-ounce . In a vivid example of how recreational pot is a new reality for the state , Denver officials posted public signs in the tourist-populated corridor known as the 16th Street Mall . The street signs read , "  Know the Law about Marijuana Use in Denver . " "  You must be 21 or older to have or use retail marijuana , " says one bulletin on the sign . But further below it , the sign warns readers that "  it is illegal to use , display or transfer marijuana on the 16th Street Mall . " One of Colorado 's main media outlets , The Denver Post , has even devoted a website to the history-making moment and its ongoing impact . "  The culture of cannabis , that 's what we 're here to talk about , " says the newspaper 's "  The Cannabist " page . "  As marijuana 's coming-out continues , we 'll report journalistically from our homebase in Denver , Colo. -- the site of recreational marijuana 's first legal sale in the modern world on Jan. 1 , 2014 . " This week , Denver International Airport authorities banned all marijuana on the airport grounds . Medical marijuana had been legal to bring to the airport as long as it did n't go through security checkpoints , said airport spokeswoman Stacey Stegman . But a total ban was implemented to avoid confusion as the recreational pot law rolls out , she said . Officials are concerned that a large influx of people may take marijuana to the airport and transport it across state lines . So if a visitor brings marijuana to the airport and leaves it in the car to pick up a relative at the terminal , that visitor will be breaking the law and could face a fine of up to $ 999 , Stegman said . Colorado becomes the first place in the world where marijuana will be regulated from seed to sale . Pot is the third most popular recreational drug in America , after alcohol and tobacco , according to the marijuana reform group NORML . CNN 's Miguel Marquez and Casey Wian contributed to this report .	NEW : Denver mayor says pot shops , buyers behaved "  responsibly and with great accountability " Pot buyers at one shop come from Canada , Australia , Italy , Hawaii , Alaska 700 people in line take numbers at another pot shop , but can it serve so many ? "  What 's going on ? " a curious passenger asks ; "  Legal pot sale ! " a man in line replies
London  CNN  -- WikiLeaks threw open the doors Friday to its archive of more than a quarter million secret U.S. diplomatic cables , unfiltered and unedited , exposing and possibly endangering confidential diplomatic sources . The website made the controversial decision after losing control of the documents in a series of blunders . WikiLeaks supporters posted the entire encrypted archive on the internet late last year . Separately , David Leigh , the investigative editor of the Guardian newspaper , formerly one of Wikileaks media partners , published the password to unlock the archive in his book "  Inside WikiLeaks : Julian Assange 's War on Secrecy " . Together , both pieces of information , unlocked the full trove of U.S. diplomatic cables , accessible to anyone on the web . But WikiLeaks ' decision to open its archive is likely to bring the cables to a much wider audience -- and has already sparked criticism that it will put people at risk . A brief search through the cables shows that documents have not been redacted in any way . The names and other details of confidential diplomatic sources are on full display , despite being labelled with the instruction "  strictly protect " , including cables classified as "  secret " or "  confidential . " The Guardian , the New York Times , Der Spiegel and El Pais , four of WikiLeaks ' former media partners , condemned the release . In a joint statement they said : "  We deplore the decision of WikiLeaks to publish the unredacted State Department cables , which may put sources at risk . "  Our previous dealings with WikiLeaks were on the clear basis that we would only publish cables which had been subjected to a thorough editing and clearance process . "  We will continue to defend our collaborative publishing endeavour . We can not defend the needless publication of the complete data -- indeed , we are united in condemning it . Today 's decision to publish by Julian Assange was his , and his alone . " Reporters Without Borders announced late Thursday it was suspending a WikiLeaks "  mirror site " because of concerns over potential risks to sources . In an editorial , it wrote that on launching the mirror site late last year , Reporters Without Borders "  said it defended ` the free flow of information online and the principle of the protection of sources , without which investigative journalism can not exist . ' "  As the protection of sources is now in question , Reporters Without Borders has decided to suspend the site pending further clarification . " WikiLeaks posted Friday on Twitter : "  Shining a light on 45 years of U.S. ` diplomacy ' , it is time to open the archives forever . " The organization also gave full instructions on how to download all 251,287 cables . WikiLeaks appealed for members of the public to "  crowdsource " the cables and publish their findings on Twitter under the hashtag #wlfind . Crowdsourcing is the act of outsourcing tasks to an undefined , large group through an public call -- in this case to publish parts of the cables . The reason , according to a statement posted by WikiLeaks on Twitter : "  The entire world press does not have enough resources and there are substantial biases . " U.S. State Department Spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told CNN Thursday : "  WikiLeaks did advise us of the impending release of information and of its intention to continue to release classified documents . "  We have made clear our views and concerns about illegally disclosed classified information and the continuing risk to individuals and national security that such releases cause . "  WikiLeaks has , however , ignored our requests not to release or disseminate any U.S. documents it may possess and has continued its well-established pattern of irresponsible , reckless , and frankly dangerous actions . We are not cooperating with them . "	NEW : Reporters Without Borders suspends a WikiLeaks "  mirror site " over concerns The documents first became accessible online after WikiLeaks lost control of them WikiLeaks has now thrown open the full , unredacted archive itself Newspapers condemn the move , saying confidential sources may be put at risk
CNN  -- In case you have n't heard , nothing worthwhile will happen in Washington until after the midterm elections . That 's the conventional wisdom anyway , where the thinking is that a bitterly divided Congress will be lucky to name a post office , let alone deal with pressing issues like the budget or jobs . The conventional wisdom is wrong . On Wednesday , something important is happening in Washington . On that day , a bipartisan group featuring dozens of members of Congress , state and local leaders and business , citizen and community leaders is gathering at the No Labels National Ideas Meeting to kick off a yearlong process to set a path for where America needs to go and how we get there . This is n't the type of gathering you 'd expect six weeks out from an election . These days , members of the two parties barely talk , let alone work with one another . To crib an old Bill Murray line from "  Ghostbusters " : the sight of Democrats and Republicans actually meeting together may cause mass hysteria . The subject of debate will be No Labels ' National Strategic Agenda , which sets a framework for action on four goals chosen with input from a nationwide survey that No Labels conducted last fall : Create 25 million new jobs over the next 10 years ; balance the federal budget by 2030 ; secure Medicare and Social Security for the next 75 years ; and make America energy-secure by 2024 . The process to create No Labels ' National Strategic Agenda has been endorsed by over 80 members of Congress , and it 's coming together with an entirely original approach . This is not just another policy plan . In fact , at this point , the National Strategic Agenda is n't a policy plan at all , because its details will be filled in over the next year -- with input from people across America . This agenda will be developed in a step-by-step fashion that solves problems the way they should be solved . The way we tried to solve problems when we served as the governors of Utah and West Virginia . At the National Ideas Meeting , participants will join working groups  with a member of Congress in each group  to focus on one of the four signature goals , progress to agreement on the fundamental facts , and conclude by agreeing on broad policy principles that can inform the creation of specific policy and legislative solutions . Subsequent meetings in New Hampshire , Iowa and elsewhere will take a similar approach . The effort will culminate on October 5 , 2015 , when the fully formed National Strategic Agenda will be unveiled in New Hampshire and Iowa . No Labels will work to inject the agenda into the emerging presidential debate by activating our network of citizens , members of Congress , and state and local leaders . The ultimate aim of this exercise is for the next president and the next Congress to use the National Strategic Agenda as a basis for bipartisan action . Like everything No Labels has proposed since its launch in December 2010 , the National Strategic Agenda will be a product of discussion and agreement from every part of the political spectrum . We do n't for a moment underestimate how hard it will be for a future Congress and president to coalesce around even one of these goals . But difficulty is no excuse for inaction . For too long , Washington has been a place defined by all tactics , and no strategy . We spend all our time focused on winning the day , the week or the next election , and in the process , we 've lost sight of doing what 's necessary for America to win the future . With the National Strategic Agenda , No Labels is bringing a unity of purpose that has been missing in our government . We 're not just identifying what needs to be done . We 've developed a rigorous process for how it gets done . To the many millions of Americans who are wondering what , if anything , they can do to fix the dysfunction in our government , this is your chance to get involved . These National Strategic Agenda meetings could be coming to a town near you , and you can help determine what is in the final plan . If you ca n't make a meeting , you can still work to ensure that candidates and members of Congress endorse the National Strategic Agenda . This is no time to let frustration with the political process lead you to tune out . Because America is facing a fork in the road . We can continue the partisan fighting and failures of the last decade . Or we can choose a different path . Our leaders can come together around a shared vision to deliver good jobs , a balanced budget , peace of mind for our seniors and energy security . We 've done it before . We can do it again .	A group of Republicans , Democrats , independents looks to shape a national agenda Huntsman , Manchin : The plan is to develop long term goals for next president , Congress Securing the future of Social Security , adding millions of new jobs are among the goals Ideas include balancing budget by 2030 , attaining energy security by 2024
CNN  -- Embarrassing defeats , criticism from fans and former players , a major health scare for its long-serving chairman -- Arsenal 's season is not getting any easier . The English Premier League club 's stalwart figurehead Peter Hill-Wood is recovering in hospital after suffering a heart attack the day before Arsenal 's 2-0 defeat at home to Swansea . It left the 13-time English champions 10th in the 20-team EPL after 15 games , continuing Arsenal 's worst start to a season since 1994 . Hill-Wood had been suffering pneumonia and was taken ill at home on Friday , the London side 's website reported on Sunday . "  He is making a good recovery . The club wishes Peter a full and speedy return to health and our thoughts are with him and his family at this time , " read a statement on Arsenal.com . The 76-year-old has been Arsenal 's chairman since 1982 , following in the footsteps of his father Denis and his grandfather Samuel , who twice held the role in spells between 1929 and 1949 . "  Even if u are not a fan of #Peter Hill-Wood ... wishing him full recovery . He & his family gave so much to #Arsenal in the past ! " one Arsenal supporter wrote on Twitter . Manager Arsene Wenger and the club 's board are coming under increasing criticism from fans , who are unhappy that top players such as Robin van Persie and Cesc Fabregas have been allowed to leave in recent years . Emmanuel Eboue , who was sold to Turkish side Galatasaray last season , also made his feelings known on Twitter after the Swansea defeat "  Why have we destroyed the club we love so much . The set of players we have now are like chicken fillet . #Arsenal board have abused the fans , " the Ivory Coast international said . "  Some of the players need to be stoned off the pitch . No brain , no passion , no soul . The Arsenal glory days are fading fast . We need help . "  The only way to put pressure on the board is by fans not coming to the stadium . Low revenue would worry the board and put pressure on boss . " One of the club 's celebrity fans , CNN 's Piers Morgan , also had harsh words for Wenger -- the club 's longest serving manager , with 11 trophies since he joined in 1996 but none since 2005 . "  That was the single worst performance of Wenger 's reign . It 's over -- he must go before he wrecks his great legacy , " Morgan wrote on Twitter , where he has set up the hashtag #WengerOut . "  Wenger must go , for his sake and for the club 's . " Wenger 's team have already qualified for the last 16 of the European Champions League , but the Frenchman is looking for a morale-boosting result in Tuesday 's final Group B game away to Greek side Olympiakos . "  It 's important for us . Away from home , I 'm not too concerned , " the 63-year-old said . "  We look like we play a little bit with the handbrake at home . It 's not fluent . There might be a psychological component in there as well . "  At home we have not produced the performances since the beginning of the season that you would expect from us , and that is where we have to find the solution . " Arsenal announced last month that major sponsor Emirates had agreed a new $ 240 million deal until 2019 for shirt rights and 2028 for stadium naming , but that money will not be available for Wenger to bolster his squad until midway through next year . When asked if he had plans to make major signings in the January transfer window , Wenger kept his cards close to his chest . "  I believe the support from the board is there to spend the money if we find the players , " he said . Another manager under pressure is Martin O'Neill , whose Sunderland team remained just a point above the relegation zone after losing 2-1 to Norwich in Sunday 's only Premier League fixture . The former Aston Villa , Celtic and Leicester boss , who was a European Cup winner with Nottingham Forest as a player , was frustrated after the result left his side with just two wins from 14 games . "  We started off very tentatively -- the first goal we conceded was poor and the second was even worse , " the Northern Irishman said . "  We should have taken something from the game . It 's very frustrating to come away with nothing . "	Arsenal chairman recovering in hospital after suffering a heart attack on Friday Club crashed to defeat on Saturday , increasing pressure on manager Arsene Wenger Frenchman criticized by fans and a former player after poor results this season Ex-Arsenal star Emmanuel Eboue says the club 's board has "  abused the fans "
CNN  -- Not content to simply swim in it , fill balloons with it , shoot it at bystanders during massive water fights or mix it with whiskey , people never cease to find amazing ways to make water even more incredible than it already is . Blasting it sky high , illuminating it with dazzling lights , surrounding it with classical sculpture ... as the magnificent fountains below illustrate , if you 're only using water to drink and do laundry , you 're missing out on the fun side of our most precious commodity . Banpo Moonlight Rainbow Fountain  Seoul The world 's longest bridge fountain , Seoul 's Banpo Moonlight Rainbow Fountain employs 10,000 LEDs and 380 water jets that run along both edges of the 1,140-meter  370 feet  bridge . The jets shoot out 190 tons of water per minute . The water is taken directly from the Han River and the fountains shoot up to 43 meters  141 feet  horizontally . They can also be programmed to move in time with music . Fountain shows take place every day between April and October . Banpo Moonlight Rainbow Fountain , Seobinggo-dong , Banpo-dong , Seocho-gu , Seoul , South Korea Lotte World Musical Fountain  Busan , South Korea South Korea is also home to the world 's tallest indoor fountain . It opened in 2010 inside the Gwangbok Lotte Department Store in Busan . Within three weeks , 500,000 people had visited to see it in action . Today , it receives 20,000 visitors a day and ranks as Busan 's most popular attraction . The hi-tech display incorporates sound , light and color and 16 different songs provide background music . Lotte Department Store , 20-1 , 7-ga , Jungang-dong , Jung-gu , Busan , South Korea Fountain of Wealth  Singapore Named the world 's largest fountain by Guinness World Records in 1998 , the Fountain of Wealth can be found outside Singapore 's Suntec City shopping mall . Covering an area of 1,683 square meters and at a maximum height of 13 meters  42 feet  , it invites people to retrieve coins in addition to throwing them in . Throughout the day , the fountain is turned off and the public can collect the money for good luck . In the evening , laser performances include personalized messages displayed in the cascading water . Fountain of Wealth , Suntec City , 3 Temasek Blvd. , Singapore Crown Fountain  Chicago Chicago 's Crown Fountain is one of the most creative fountains anywhere . It features a black granite reflecting pool positioned between two towers that use LEDs to display digital videos . Clips include footage of waterfalls , but the most popular ones feature the faces of a thousand Chicago residents who volunteered to be videoed for the project . The footage shows them puffing out their cheeks as a stream of water shoots out of a nozzle concealed in the surface of the towers . Crown Fountain , Millennium Park , 201 E. Randolph St. , Chicago Dubai Fountain  Dubai You expect great things from a fountain that sits on a 30-acre lake in front of the world 's tallest structure , the Burj Khalifa . And in the Dubai Fountain , you get them . Featuring five rings of water jets capable of shooting water 50 stories high , the fountain is equipped with 6,600 LEDS and 25 color projectors that allow the jets of water to display various images . The beam of light in the center of the fountain can be seen 20 miles away , making it the brightest point in the Middle East . The entire attraction has a length of 275 meters  900 feet  and puts on a daily choreographed show that moves to Andrea Bocelli 's "  Con te Partiro "  "  Time to Say Goodbye "  , among other songs . Burj Khalifa , Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Boulevard , Dubai , United Arab Emirates Fountains of Bellagio  Las Vegas The Fountains of Bellagio , which cost $ 40 million to build and can be found on the Las Vegas casino 's eight-acre lake , comprise a network of 1,200 nozzles , 8,000 meters of pipe and 4,500 lights . The fountains can shoot water to the height of a 24-story building . Daily maintenance falls to a team of 30 engineers , all of whom are qualified scuba divers . The maximum amount of water in the air at any one time is 77,284 liters  20,416 gallons  . The Bellagio 's legendary fountain shows change regularly , with the latest featuring music by DJ Tiesto . Fountains of Bellagio , 3600 Las Vegas Blvd. , Las Vegas Jet d'Eau  Lake Geneva , Switzerland Geneva 's spectacular Jet d'Eau shoots water 140 meters  459 feet  into the sky . Its creation was actually a mistake . In 1886 , a hydraulic power station was built to deliver water from the Rhone to the city 's fountains , households and factories . However pressure buildups forced engineers to install a relief valve in the center of Lake Geneva . This marked the birth of the Jet d'Eau , which became such a popular tourist attraction that the valve was moved closer to shore . The volume of water it shoots out has increased dramatically -- these days it spews 500 liters  132 gallons  of water a second . Jet d'Eau , Lake Geneva , Switzerland Aquanura , Efteling  Kaatsheuvel , Netherlands The Aquanura fountains at the Netherlands ' historic Efteling theme park were built to celebrate the park 's 60th anniversary in 2012 . Made up of 200 fountains and 900 lights , all attached to a grid-like structure , the park 's daily Aquanura water show combines light , water and fire and features a soundtrack composed by the Brabant Orchestra . It attracts 6,500 spectators per day . Efteling , Europalaan 1 , Kaatsheuvel , Netherlands Longwood Gardens fountains  Kennett Square , Pennsylvania This series of Pennsylvania fountains was built in 1931 . Within the fountain 's various pools are 380 nozzles , while a recirculation system of 18 pumps propel 37,854 liters  10,000 gallons  of water per minute up to 39 meters  130 feet  . Colored lights were later added , and the fountains were fully computerized in 1984 . Longwood Gardens , 1001 Longwood Road , Kennett Square , Pennsylvania Scioto Mile Fountain  Columbus , Ohio Covering 1,393 square meters  15,000 square feet  , the Scioto Mile Fountain features five stainless-steel halo structures with 1,100 fog nozzles and a central halo from which water is shot 22 meters  75 feet  into the air . The fountain operates only from April to October , and relies on an underground reservoir that can hold up to 416,395 liters  10,000 gallons  of water . Scioto Mile Fountain , 233 Civic Center Drive , Columbus , Ohio Kanazawa Fountain Clock  Kanazawa , Japan This unique clock sites outside Japan 's Kanazawa train station and is comprised of a series of small fountains set against a black background . A hi-tech valve system allows the fountain to be programmed to display both numbers and letters in a range of languages . Kanazawa Station , Ishikawa , Japan Stravinsky Fountain  Paris Located outside Paris ' Pompidou Center , the Stravinsky Fountain is made up of 16 mechanical sculptures inspired by the works of composer Igor Stravinsky . Specific concepts represented by the fountains include the musical key of G , love and death , wartime and wildlife . Constructed in 1983 , these were the first public fountains built in Paris since 1937 , when the Palais de Chaillot was built for the Paris Exposition . Place Stravinsky , Paris Swarovski Crystal Head Fountain  Innsbruck , Austria This striking fountain can be found at Swarovski 's Innsbruck museum , Crystal Worlds  Kristallweltenstrasse in Austrian  . It 's a grass-covered head fitted with a nozzle and two large crystal eyes and is actually the entrance to a museum . The fountain was designed by Austrian artist Andre Heller . The interior is covered with pieces of Swarovski glass -- the museum 's founders describe it as the world 's largest kaleidoscope . The park is currently closed for expansion and will reopen in May 2015 . Crystal Worlds , Kristallweltenstrasse 1 , Wattens , Innsbruck , Austria Tap fountain  Menorca , Spain This quirky fountain can be found in Santa Galdana on the Spanish island of Menorca . A thick jet of water conceals both support and water pipes , giving the impression that the tap is floating in midair . Though cool , it 's not a unique trick . There are similar fountains in the Belgian town of Ypres and Bahia de Cadiz , Spain , while a giant pink tap recently appeared at the Hampton Court Flower Show in London . Santa Galdana , Menorca , Spain Turning Heads Fountain  Walnut Creek , California California 's Turning Heads Fountain is shaped like an oversized human head and partly submerged in water . It was created by local artist Seyed Alavi , who wanted to make a piece of art that appealed to children but also represented issues close to his heart . Alavi decided to place the water spout at the skull 's apex to bring together the concepts of birth , rebirth , wisdom and community . Main Street , Walnut Creek , California Tamara Hinson is a freelance travel writer based in the UK .	Chicago 's Crown Fountain uses LEDs to display videos South Korea is home to both the world 's longest bridge fountain and the world 's tallest indoor fountain The Bellagio 's fountains in Las Vegas sit on an eight-acre lake and include a network of 1,200 nozzles
CNN  -- Residents of Galveston Island , Texas , who were evacuated before Hurricane Ike strafed the Texas Gulf coast can return to their homes Wednesday , but they will find few comforts , Mayor Lyda Ann Thomas said Saturday . Workers remove debris from Luigi 's Italian restaurant in the Strand District of Galveston , Texas , on Friday . Galveston has little or no electricity , natural gas , water or sewer services . There are no medical facilities , there is limited cell phone coverage , and a curfew is in place from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. Violators risk a $ 2,000 fine , the mayor said in a statement . Galveston took a direct hit from Ike when it barreled ashore September 13 as a Category 2 storm . Despite orders to evacuate , about 20,000 of Galveston 's 60,000 residents opted to remain in their homes . Many of those who left went to shelters . Thomas said residents can begin returning at 6 a.m.  7 a.m. ET  Wednesday . Residents and business owners must show photo identification verifying their address to guards manning checkpoints , she said . "  Very limited water , sewer , natural gas , and electric services have been restored to areas behind the seawall , " the mayor said in a statement . Residents of the heavily damaged west end of the island can assess their damages but must leave the area by 6 p.m. , Thomas said . "  Water , sewer , natural gas , and electric services have not been restored to areas west of seawall . Therefore , sanitary living conditions are not available at this time , " she said . Thomas gave a long list of supplies residents should take with them when they return .	But mayor warns that there are few comforts to be had on island Galveston has little or no electricity , natural gas , water , sewer service Residents also face a fine if they violate 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. curfew Many stayed behind when Hurricane Ike hit island September 13
CNN  -- The end is near and the credits are about to roll -- but we 're not done with 2013 just yet . There 's still time for you to get involved and tell us your top sporting moments over the past 12 months . While we 've put our heads together and come out with our own top 10 , we 'd love to hear from you . So get in touch on Twitter by tweeting @Masters_JamesD with your thoughts on another stellar sporting year . Confession of the year -- Lance Armstrong He was a hero and role model to millions across the globe but Lance Armstrong 's world came crashing down in January after admitting to using testosterone and human growth hormone , as well as EPO -- a hormone naturally produced by human kidneys to stimulate red blood cell production . The confession , made to U.S. talk show host Oprah Winfrey in January , led to condemnation from millions and saw Armstrong stripped of his seven Tour de France titles . Shocking story of the year -- Oscar Pistorius Heralded as an inspiration to athletes across the world just a year earlier , Oscar Pistorius ' fall from grace was as rapid as it was shocking . A star of the London Olympic Games , Pistorius , nicknamed the "  Blade Runner " for the special prostheses he uses for sprinting , was arrested by South African police after admitting to shooting girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine 's Day . He said it was an accident and will go on trial in March 2014 charged with murder . Winning moment of the year -- Andy Murray A year after crying his eyes out on Wimbledon 's Centre Court , Andy Murray finally ended Britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's singles champion in July . Murray defeated Novak Djokovic in a pulsating final to win his second grand slam and erase the pain of the defeat to Roger Federer 12 months earlier . After winning Olympic gold on the same tennis court at London 2012 , Murray ensured his place in the nation 's sporting history . Goodbye of the year -- Alex Ferguson After 26 years , 13 domestic league titles , two European Champions League crowns , five FA Cups and four League Cups , Alex Ferguson brought down the curtain on his illustrious managerial career in May . Ferguson , who won 38 trophies during his tenure at Manchester United , led the club to the English Premier League title in his final season before stepping down . The Scot , the most successful British manager in the history of the game , bid farewell to Old Trafford following a period of unparalleled success . Team of the year -- Bayern Munich It was the year that German football left the watching world in a trance as both Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund reached May 's European Champions League final . Bayern , beaten in the 2012 final in its own stadium by Chelsea , triumphed 2-1 at Wembley and went on to win the treble after claiming the Bundesliga title and German domestic cup . The German team 's form in the past few months has been nothing short of sensational , winning 14 of its 16 league games to sit top of the league going into the winter break as well as qualifying for the last 16 of the Champions League . Comeback of the year -- Oracle Team USA Never before in the 162-year history of the America 's Cup had any race captured the imagination quite like the contest between Oracle Team USA and Emirates Team New Zealand . Trailing 8-1 , defending champion Oracle came back from the abyss to win 9-8 in the final race in San Francisco . It was the comebacks of all comebacks as the Americans , who were deducted two points before the opening race for placing lead pellets in their catamarans to gain extra weight , prevailed in dramatic fashion . Goodbye of the year -- Sachin Tendulkar He was not just a cricket player -- he was a god . After 200 Test matches , 100 international centuries , Sachin Tendulkar waved goodbye to his adoring legion of fans in his home city of Mumbai in November . "  The Little Master , " as he is affectionately known , is not just the highest run scorer in both the five-day and limited-overs formats of cricket , he is a global icon of the game . With a net worth of about $ 160 million from endorsements , property and cricket earnings , according to Singapore-based Wealth X , Tendulkar is cricket 's richest player . Domination of the year -- Sebastian Vettel Can anybody stop Sebastian Vettel ? The 26-year-old German clinched a record-equaling fourth consecutive Formula One drivers ' title in October , with three races to spare . By season 's end he had won 13 races to equal the record of most victories in one campaign , set by compatriot Michael Schumacher in 2004 . Vettel joined Schumacher , Juan Manuel Fangio and Alain Prost as a four-time champion and will be favorite to win a fifth in 2014 . Heartwarming tale of the year -- Zahir Belounis After a two-year struggle to leave Qatar following a pay dispute , French-Algerian footballer Zahir Belounis returned home to Paris . Belounis , who had endured a bitter struggle to secure an exit permit from the Gulf state , had previously threatened to go on hunger strike and spoken of suicide . The 33-year-old wrote an open letter to Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola and France legend Zinedine Zidane to help gain publicity for his cause . Not long after , he was granted his exit permit following a media campaign . History makers of the year -- European Solheim Cup team For the very first time , Europe 's women 's golf team managed to do something which had always eluded them -- they won on American soil . Liselotte Neumann 's Europeans , needing just three and a half points from the final day 's play to retain the trophy they won in Ireland two years ago , won five and halved four of 12 singles matches to complete an 18-10 victory . It was 17-year-old Charley Hull who stole the show on the last day in Colorado in August -- recording an astonishing 5 & 4 win over 2010 U.S. Open champion and world No. 11 Paula Creamer . So what did we miss ? Should we have included the Boston Red Sox winning the World Series ? The Chicago Blackhawks triumphing in the Stanley Cup ? Bosnia and Herzegovina qualifying for the World Cup ? Or the British and Irish Lions securing a first Test series win in 16 years against Australia ? Let us know your thoughts and what you 're looking forward to in 2014 . Join the debate with James Masters on Twitter .	Lance Armstrong 's confession tops the year 's sporting moments Team USA Oracle in comeback of the year Treble winning Bayern Munich ranked as best team of 2013 Andy Murray ended Britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's singles Wimbledon champion
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- The Bangladeshi government has been asked to find a compromise to bring an end to the Grameen Bank crisis created by removing its founder , microcredit pioneer Muhammad Yunus . "  We remain hopeful that a compromise solution can be reached to the satisfaction of all parties , " said Robert O. Blake , U.S. assistant secretary of state for South and Central Asian affairs , as he was wrapping up his four-day Bangladesh visit on Tuesday . Yunus "  has brought great honor to Bangladesh , and we in the United States have been deeply troubled by the difficulties he is currently facing , " Blake said at a press conference at American Club in Dhaka . Blake said failure to achieve a compromise would have some effect on bilateral relations between the two countries . "  As a friend and partner of Bangladesh , we are concerned about the dampening effect this will have on civil society in general and on the integrity and effectiveness of Grameen Bank in particular , " he said . "  We see it is a distraction and an unnecessary departure from all great work being done in Bangladesh , " he said . Blake , who arrived in Dhaka on Saturday , met with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina ; Khaleda Zia , leader of the opposition in Parliament ; Finance Minister AMA Muhith ; senior government officials , Yunus and civil society members . Earlier this month , the 70-year-old Yunus was removed from Grameen Bank , which he founded three decades ago . The Central Bank of Bangladesh , the regulatory authority in the South Asian nation , cited his age in explaining his removal as managing director . The government , which has a 25 % stake in Grameen , said the bank 's rules required Yunus to end his service when he turned 60 . Yunus challenged the order and filed a petition with the High Court , which finally upheld the government order . Yunus and nine directors of his Grameen Bank again filed two petitions with the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court seeking a stay of the High Court order . The petitions are now pending with the Appellate Division , and the case is expected to come up for hearing by the end of March . Grameen 's work cast a global spotlight on microcredit , a then-novel idea of making small loans to poor people who would not qualify for standard bank loans . For their efforts , Yunus and Grameen Bank won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 . He also was awarded the American Presidential Medal of Freedom and a Congressional Gold Medal . Blake said of Yunus : "  His work over the past decades to lift millions of women out of poverty is internationally recognized . " As Blake met Hasina , also present was former World Bank President James D. Wolfensohn , one of the founders of Friends of Grameen , an international forum supporting Yunus and his Grameen Bank . He was in Dhaka on a private visit . Earlier , U.S. Senator John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , said in a statement that he was "  deeply concerned " about the efforts to remove Yunus as managing director of the bank . "  The international community will watch this situation closely , and I hope that both sides can reach a compromise that maintains Grameen Bank 's autonomy and effectiveness , " said Kerry , who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . "  Institutions like the Grameen Bank make a significant contribution to Bangladesh 's development and democracy , and Professor Yunus ' lifelong work to reduce poverty and empower women through microloans has deservedly received worldwide attention and respect , " Kerry said . Yunus ' supporters have said the government 's effort to remove him has little to do with age and much to do with opposition to microcredit and Grameen 's execution of it . Critics of microcredit have charged that lenders were making big money from small loans . Others have suggested that the actions against Yunus are politically motivated , a claim denied by the government . Yunus ' supporters say he has been under fire for criticizing politicians and trying to form his own political party four years ago during an interim , unelected , military-backed government . That party was later abandoned .	State Department official says U.S. is "  deeply troubled " by the situation Yunus and nine Grameen Bank directors have petitions pending before appeals court Nobel Peace Laureate Muhammad Yunus was removed as head of bank he founded
OLYMPIC NATIONAL PARK , Washington  CNN  -- Taking a road trip by yourself can be good for the soul . The freedom and beauty of the open road on a recent trip in the Pacific Northwest and California brought me back to what is really important in life . Vistas along the California coast near Mendocino can be breathtaking . My road trip started in Seattle , Washington , and ended two weeks later in Sacramento , California , covering 2,277 miles with a stunning backdrop of natural beauty along the way . Living in the moment and charting my own course gave me a sense of self empowerment that extends to my path in life and what I want out of it . For those who wish to set out on their own solo road trip , I recommend research and planning -- while still leaving time to be spontaneous . Hoh Rain Forest , Olympic National Park As I drove into the Hoh Rain Forest in Washington 's Olympic National Park , the only words I could muster were Holy ... Wow ! The greenness of it all and the smell of fresh air stimulated a part of my brain that had n't been stimulated in years , if ever . Here I was in the good , old U.S. of A. , driving through a rain forest . Having just left Seattle , where my trip started , this was the first leg of my self-proclaimed big adventure . From the start , Olympic National Park was always a must-see . See map of my road trip " I mean , who knew you could hike through rain forests , climb glaciers , walk beaches or hit up mineral hot springs all in one place ? The Hoh Rain Forest offered enchanting hikes , with plenty of trails to choose from . Huge ferns , endless amounts of beautiful moss , and trees -- some 500 years old -- made up much of the landscape . On my second day , as the rain started to come down hard , I decided to squeeze in a late afternoon visit to Ruby Beach , about 45 minutes east of Hoh . There 's something special about walking a beach in a virtual downpour : You 've pretty much got it all to yourself . See photos from my trip " Sol Duc Hot Springs After two days in the rain , accidentally stepping on a couple of mammoth-sized banana slugs outside my tent , and looking a bit like Chewbacca , I decided to treat myself to the popular Sol Duc Hot Springs Resort , about 30 minutes north of the Hoh Rain Forest in Port Angeles , Washington . Named by American Indians , Sol Duc , which means sparkling water , is also thought to have healing values , something I was in desperate need of by this point . Three pools are heated by the nearby hot springs and there 's one freshwater pool if you need to cool off . I threw on my suit , quickly showered and then headed straight for the hot spring . Aaaaaah , this was perfect . The pools were crowded and the smell of the minerals in the water was obvious . With a backdrop of tree-lined hills , it 's easy to sit , relax and soothe your bones for hours . Oregon Caves Oregon is a beautiful state from top to bottom . It seems to have it all , the ocean , rivers , cool towns and caves ! Oregon Caves National Monument is located outside Junction Caves , Oregon . To get to the cave 's entrance you have to drive 20 miles along a very windy -- but beautiful -- two-lane road , deep in the Siskiyous Mountains . I arrived just in time for the last tour which ran about 90 minutes . Bring a jacket since the temperature inside the cave is around 44 degrees  7 degrees Celsius  year-round . Our group had just started the tour when one woman traveling with her daughter announced she could n't do it . She was n't comfortable walking within confined spaces . Our guide was very helpful and mentioned to all of us this was the right time to speak up if you did n't think you could do the tour . Moments later our group , minus two , made its way through the inside of the mountain . This place rocked -- literally and figuratively . In 1907 , poet Joaquin Miller coined the cave 's nickname , "  The Marble Halls of Oregon . " You 'll hear a lot of stories on the tour ; from its discovery in 1874 by Elijah Davidson , whose dog chased a bear into the cave , to a couple who got married inside the cave , complete with cavemen outfits and fur . Our guide , Rachel De Nardis , called the cave intimate and personable . Steve Thede , chief of interpretations , says the Oregon Caves offer an opportunity to connect with the inside of Earth . Besides , he adds , this is something you 'll remember 10 years from now . The drive to the caves is a little bit off the beaten path , but it 's well worth the side trip . Mendocino , California My day in Mendocino County was completely unplanned . I had a full day between planned stops on my route , so I headed to Mendocino because it 's known for its scenery and its art community . Everyone talks about the gorgeous coastline in Northern California , so I thought , we 'll see if they 're right . The vistas along the way were stunning . It took me longer than I had estimated because it 's so easy to constantly stop and snap pictures . Eventually I arrived in Mendocino , found a great spot on some rocks by the Pacific and ate lunch . Eating an avocado sandwich as waves crashed against the rocks was an inspiring moment . How often do you get to find those kinds of spots , I asked myself . Another traveler 's gem I found in Mendocino would be of interest to gardening gurus -- or those who just like flowers . The Mendocino County Botanical Garden showcases beautiful gardens and a gift shop . Big Trees of Calaveras County , California The Big Trees of Calaveras County is home to the giant Sequoias . Located about four miles east of Arnold , California , the trees in the park are the biggest in the world . As soon as I began my stroll in the North Grove portion of the park , I was overtaken by the sheer massiveness , power and age of these trees . Some trees in the park are believed to be up to 2,000 years old . The largest tree in the park is about 25 feet in diameter and 250 feet tall . Pick up the guided tour sheet for 50 cents . It gives you perspective and stories behind the trees . Big Trees State Park is inside the Stanislaus National Forest , a huge forest spanning from just south of Lake Tahoe to the southern reach of Yosemite National Park . I stayed with a friend who lives in an A-frame home along the west boundary of the forest -- a neighborhood which is pretty unusual . Imagine driving out of your neighborhood and , instead of passing houses , you 're driving by mammoth trees and clear blue running rivers . Who has that ? To me , to live in the heart of Mother Earth like my friend does would be a privilege . Overall , I surprised myself during this solo adventure . I learned that during a trip alone , you find yourself doing things that you did n't plan on -- that you would n't put down on paper beforehand . A lot of people are afraid to be by themselves -- to travel by themselves . Some people do n't even like to eat by themselves . This trip showed me that going solo can be a valuable experience . It forces you to appreciate yourself , and realize that you are often times your own best company .	Olympic National Park has rain forests , glaciers , beaches , mineral hot springs Oregon cave stories include dog chasing bear and a "  caveman " wedding Stunning seaside lunch in Mendocino , California , with amazing scenery Among giant Sequoias , strolling among 2,000-year-old trees overtakes author
CNN  -- Istanbul 's new transcontinental train tunnel under the Bosphorus Strait had a bumpy first day of operation , a day after Turkey 's Prime Minister called it a "  project for whole humanity " at an inaugural ceremony . On Wednesday , Turkey 's state railway confirmed reports there had been a power outage in the tunnel system . "  Emergency situation procedures " were also carried out multiple times , the agency said in a statement posted online , because passengers hit emergency buttons aboard the trains . Turkish journalists complained of being barred from entry into the railway system after the breakdowns took place . "  Security personnel told journalists filming video , ` We received orders . It is not allowed to film anymore , ' " Turkish news agency DHA reported Wednesday . Amateur video posted on YouTube showed scores of passengers leaving a stopped train and walking down the long tube that has been constructed underneath the rushing waters of the Bosphorus Strait , effectively linking the European and Asian halves of Turkey 's largest city . Turkey 's Marmaray project : An ambitious plan to link Europe and Asia Because of an unexpectedly large volume of curious first-time passengers , the railway agency also said it had decided to skip one of the stops on the train 's transcontinental route . The Marmaray Tunnel is part of a $ 4.5 billion , 76-kilometer  47-mile  megaproject launched by the Turkish government in 2004 . Speaking at a ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Japan 's Prime Minister , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the project "  connects history and future , past and future ; as well as connecting continents , Marmaray connects people , nations and countries . " The rail system , built by a Turkish-Japanese consortium , is expected to have a capacity of 1.5 million people a day , connecting the two continents in about four minutes . The 13.6-kilometer  8.5-mile  tunnel -- the deepest of its kind -- passes under the Bosphorus Strait , one of the busiest shipping arteries in the world . The world 's spectacular infrastructure projects The financial capital of Istanbul , with a population of nearly 15 million people , is often snarled with traffic , with about 2 million residents making the crossing between continents on a daily basis . Beyond the size of such an undertaking , digging for the Marmaray uncovered about 40,000 artifacts and helped archaeologists trace Istanbul 's history back 8,500 years , 2,500 more than ever believed before . However , the discoveries delayed the project for four years , which frustrated the Prime Minister who , analysts and businessmen say , wants to put a permanent imprint on Turkey 's financial capital . The project also had to account for Turkey 's long history of violent earthquakes and the tunnel 's position parallel to a major fault line . Transport minister Binali Yildirim has outlined the precautions , saying the tunnel allows movement and is designed to handle a quake of 9.0 magnitude . Connecting continents amid earthquakes The Turkish government has also begun construction of a third suspension bridge across the Bosphorus Strait . It also plans to build a third airport for Istanbul and dredge a canal to run parallel to the Bosphorus . The massive government-backed development projects have become a politically polarizing issue in Turkey . Anti-government protests erupted last summer after the government announced plans to bulldoze a park in central Istanbul and replace it with a shopping mall . As government officials and crowds of supporters applauded the Marmaray tunnel 's inauguration Tuesday , in other parts of Istanbul , riot police clashed with demonstrators protesting the Turkish government . The world 's spectacular infrastructure projects CNN 's John Defterios contributed to this report .	Turkey 's state railway confirms reports there had been a power outage in the tunnel system Passengers hitting emergency buttons prompted "  emergency situation procedures , " it says Passenger volume caused train to skip one of the stops on its transcontinental route
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- There is a shiny addition among the Ottoman mosques and palaces that make up Istanbul 's stunning skyline : the metallic , mirrored dome of the new Sakirin Mosque , a Muslim place of worship built with a woman 's touch . When sun reflects off Sakirin Mosque 's dome , light can be seen across the Bosphorus Strait . For what may be the first time in history , women have been at the forefront of the construction of a mosque in Turkey . One of the project 's leaders is Zeynep Fadillioglu , an interior decorator who has designed restaurants , hotels and luxury homes from New Delhi , India , to Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates , and London , England . She helped organize a team of traditional mosque artists specializing in Islamic calligraphy , along with craftsmen in glassworks , metal-casting and lighting who , like Fadillioglu , have built careers working in exclusively secular architecture and design . "  I want people to feel peaceful and be left with themselves as much as possible and yet have beautiful art and artistic symbolism around them , " she said . Istanbul has a venerable tradition of mosque architecture , dating back centuries to when Ottoman sultans declared themselves caliph , or spiritual leader of the Muslim world . Watch Zeynep Fadilioglu show off her work and inspirations " The shores of the Bosporus Strait are studded with 16th century masterpieces such as the Suleymaniye Mosque , built by the Ottoman Empire 's most famous architect , Mimar Sinan , and ornate , neo-Baroque jewels designed by the Armenian Balyan family in the 19th century . But Istanbul 's most senior Muslim cleric laments that mosque design suffered a decline after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire in the wake of World War I. "  In the last 70 , 80 years , we have built mosques that are copies of Ottoman architecture , " said Mustafa Cagrici , the mufti of Istanbul . "  This was n't a good development , because the copy can never be as good as the original . " Fadillioglu and her team of artists are hoping to change that . Look at photos of the mosque " The Sakirin Mosque was commissioned by a wealthy Turkish Arab family and built in one of Istanbul 's oldest cemeteries . The designers put a number of contemporary touches on the structure , giving it plate glass walls etched with gold-leaf verses from the Quran , framed by giant cast-iron grids . The mihrab -- the alcove that points worshippers in the direction of Mecca -- is made of asymmetrical ovals , similar to a design used by Fadillioglu to decorate a restaurant in London . And the chandelier is a multi-layered series of metal and plexiglass rings , carrying Quranic inscriptions and dripping with scores of delicate glass teardrops . "  The glass chandelier brings the high dome down to the people , " Fadillioglu explained . "  So when they pray and kneel they do n't feel lost with the light and it shelters them . " Many of the artists here never worked on a mosque before . "  It 's special that a woman 's hand is involved in this , " said one of them , a male carpenter named Metin Cekeroglu . "  If you think about it , a home is made by woman . And if we think about this place as a home of God , we can also say women will make this place much better . " Fadillioglu said one of her goals was to bring extra attention into the design of the women 's section of the mosque , an area that she says is often neglected by architects . According to Islamic tradition , worshippers are segregated by gender at mosques . "  I have seen mosques where women have been pushed to the worst part of stairs , cramped area . Sort of as if  they are  unwanted in the mosque , " she said . "  That is not what Islam is about . ... Women are equal in Islam to men " Five minutes ' drive from the Sakirin Mosque stands the Mihrimah Sultan Mosque , a 16th century structure built by Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent in honor of his favorite daughter . Unfortunately , female worshippers do not get to enjoy its stunning stained glass windows the way the men do . They have to pray in a small women 's section , hidden behind a bank of chest-high shelves that store shoes . At the Sakirin Mosque , Fadillioglu said , she gave women praying on the balcony an unobstructed view of the dome , the ornate chandelier , and the area on the floor where the imam will lead prayers . "  I would like to come here to pray , " said Elif Demir , an 18-year old art student with a funky , orange-dyed haircut who was working on the chandelier . "  This mosque is completely different because of the light that 's coming through the walls , through the glass . " Fadillioglu 's role in the Sakirin Mosque is all the more surprising because she comes from a jet-set side of Turkish society not normally associated with Islam . "  It is unusual , " she conceded , "  because first of all not many modern people have been commissioned to design a mosque . " She spoke in a recent interview at Ulus 29 , the expensive Istanbul hilltop restaurant and bar that is owned by her husband . Amid the Ottoman - and Selcuk-inspired flourishes she has sprinkled around the restaurant are echoes of designs seen at the Sakirin Mosque . A glass chandelier made of hundreds of crystal tear drops hangs above the bar , similar in style to the mosque 's chandelier . Fadillioglu said being a night club owner does not prevent her from also being a Muslim . "  You might be surprised in Turkey to find some very modern-looking people being very religious at the same time , " she said . Religion is a hot-button political issue in Turkey , a predominantly Muslim country with a strict secular system of government . For the past eight years a fierce power struggle has been under way between an urban secular elite and a rising new class of religiously conservative Turks from the Anatolian heartlands . Unlike the wives of Turkey 's Islamic-rooted president and prime minister , Fadillioglu does not wear the Islamic headscarf that is often seen as the symbol of this new class of Turks . Fadillioglu said politics have polarized society . "  In my childhood ... you did n't differentiate between who was religious , " she explained . "  Whoever wants to worship or visit this mosque , its open , its ready for them . " On May 8 , Turkey 's prime minister attended an inauguration ceremony for the Sakirin Mosque . Afterward , in an interview with CNN , the mufti of Istanbul called it the start of a new era of mosque design in Turkey . "  It is in Islamic tradition for women to commission mosques ... and now we have women who are building mosques as well , " Cagrici said . "  God willing , I hope the world will see more of these beautiful mosques , touched by women 's hands . "	For possibly first time in history , women take lead in building mosque in Turkey One of leaders of project to build Sakirin Mosque is decorator Zeynep Fadillioglu Sakirin Mosque was commissioned by wealthy Turkish Arab family
Editor 's note : Jenny McCarthy and Jim Carrey are actors and parents actively involved in autism-related causes . McCarthy is the author of the book "  Louder Than Words : A Mother 's Journey in Healing Autism . " Actress Jenny McCarthy believes that vaccines could have contributed to her son 's autism . CNN  -- In light of the recent Hannah Poling decision , in which the federal court conceded that vaccines could have contributed to her autism , we think the tide is finally turning in the direction of parents like us who have been shouting concerns from our rooftops for years . Autism is a debilitating disorder , which according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , is suffered by 1 in 150 kids , making it more common than childhood cancer , diabetes and AIDS combined . Recently , England and Ireland reported that autism is affecting one in 58 individuals . Is it any wonder that autism has become many new parents ' No. 1 fear ? We 've met some of the most amazing moms and dads who are forging their own path to prevention and recovery . When our son , Evan , was diagnosed with autism we were lucky enough to benefit from their knowledge and experience . Evan has been healed to a great extent by many breakthroughs that , while perhaps not scientifically proven , have definitely helped Evan and many other children who are recovering from autism . Parents vs. scientists : Watch the latest test case " There are some who wonder what we mean when we say "  recovering " from autism . They confuse the word recover with cure . While you may not be able to cure an injury caused in a terrible car accident , you can recover ; you can regain many skills that you once lost . In the case of autism , we think there are treatments that often bring about such healing , so that the observable symptoms of the condition no longer exist . Even though we may no longer see any symptoms of autism , we ca n't say a child is "  cured " because we do not know what they would have been like had they never been injured . We believe what helped Evan recover was starting a gluten-free , casein-free diet , vitamin supplementation , detox of metals , and anti-fungals for yeast overgrowth that plagued his intestines . Once Evan 's neurological function was recovered through these medical treatments , speech therapy and applied behavior analysis helped him quickly learn the skills he could not learn while he was frozen in autism . After we implemented these therapies for one year , the state re-evaluated Evan for further services . They spent five minutes with Evan and said , "  What happened ? We 've never seen a recovery like this . " Watch Jenny McCarthy talk about her son 's autism " Evan is now 5 years old and what might surprise a lot of you is that we 've never been contacted by a single member of the CDC , the American Academy of Pediatrics , or any other health authority to evaluate and understand how Evan recovered from autism . When Evan meets doctors and neurologists , to this day they tell us he was misdiagnosed -- that he never had autism to begin with . It 's as if they are wired to believe that children ca n't recover from autism . Watch CDC chief on vaccines , autism " So where 's the cavalry ? Where are all the doctors beating down our door to take a closer look at Evan ? We think we know why they have n't arrived . Most of the parents we 've met who have recovered their child from autism as we did  and we have met many  blame vaccines for their child 's autism . We think our health authorities do n't want to open this can of worms , so they do n't even look or listen . While there is strong debate on this topic , many parents of recovered children will tell you they did n't treat their child for autism ; they treated them for vaccine injury . Read about latest fight over vaccines and autism Many people are n't aware that in the 1980s our children received only 10 vaccines by age 5 , whereas today they are given 36 immunizations , most of them by age 2 . With billions of pharmaceutical dollars , could it be possible that the vaccine program is becoming more of a profit engine then a means of prevention ? We believe autism is an environmental illness . Vaccines are not the only environmental trigger , but we do think they play a major role . If we are going to solve this problem and finally start to reverse the rate of autism , we need to consider changing the vaccine schedule , reducing the number of shots given and removing certain ingredients that could be toxic to some children . We take into account that some children have reactions to medicines like penicillin , for example , yet when it comes to vaccines we are operating as if our kids have a universal tolerance for them . We are acting like ONE SIZE FITS ALL . That is , at the very least , a huge improbability . Even if the CDC is not convinced of a link between vaccines and autism , changing the vaccine schedule should be seriously considered as a precautionary measure .  If you would like to see some ideas for alternative schedules , check out http://generationrescue.org . We wish to state , very clearly , that we are not against all vaccines , but we do believe there is strong evidence to suggest that some of the ingredients may be hazardous and that our children are being given too many , too soon ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers . E-mail to a friend	McCarthy believes diet and vitamins helped her son recover from autism Vaccines played a role in son 's autism , she says McCarthy and Jim Carrey think children being given too many vaccines , too soon
CNN  -- The Wu-Tang Clan -- the New York hip-hop supergroup that spawned millions of album sales , nine solo acts and a few acting careers -- almost never was . If RZA , left , had been jailed or Method Man killed , Wu-Tang may have never formed , RZA says . Method Man , the group 's most recognizable voice , was nearly killed before the band formed , Wu-Tang 's chief producer , RZA , writes in his forthcoming memoir . Meth was walking to buy marijuana at 160 Park Hill Avenue in Staten Island -- the house in Wu-Tang 's "  Protect Ya Neck " video -- when RZA saw him across the street , he writes in the book . "  Come over here , yo ! " RZA beckoned , according to "  The Tao of Wu "  Riverhead  . "  He stopped and came running over . A few seconds later -- pow-pow-pow-pow-pow ! -- a guy started shooting up the front of 160 . A buddy of ours , Poppy , an innocent , school-going , nice guy -- he was shot and killed right there . " Interactive : Where 's the Wu been ? " It was n't the only close call RZA said could have snuffed the band that rewrote the rule book for hip-hop acts . The year before the group formed in 1993 , RZA was acquitted on an attempted murder charge that could have put him behind bars for eight years , he writes in "  The Tao of Wu , " out Thursday . Expanding on the book 's anecdotes in an interview with CNN , RZA explained that if he had been imprisoned or if Method Man , aka Clifford Smith , had been killed , the band never would have come to fruition . RZA , whose real name is Robert Diggs and whose stage name is pronounced "  Rizza , " also talked about his role in the death of his cousin , Russell Jones , better known as Ol' Dirty Bastard or ODB . Two days before his 36th birthday in 2004 , ODB died in a New York recording studio from an overdose of cocaine and painkillers . RZA writes in the book that he once witnessed ODB force his own son to watch him do drugs . RZA tried to leave , he writes , but ODB would n't let him . Now , RZA told CNN , he wishes he would 've been tougher with ODB about his drug problem . Following are excerpts from the interview , which has been edited for language , flow and length : CNN : Could your imprisonment or Method Man 's death have derailed Wu-Tang 's formation ? RZA : Either one of those incidents could definitely have derailed it . Of course , myself being the abbot , the one who came with the idea , if I would n't have made it out of that tumultuous time -- it seemed like I was n't going to make it out of it ; there was a lot of odds against me -- but we stood strong , and self-defense made sense to the jury . We beat that ... It was the victory over that incident that made me change my whole direction . In a way , it 's double-edged in that incident . One , if I would 've lost that , yeah , Wu-Tang would n't have happened , but also it 's the victory of it that inspired me and gave me the drive also to go and really get serious about Wu-Tang and the things I was dealing with . Same thing with Meth , he always brings it up ... that that day saved his life . He actually said , if it was anybody else calling him , he would n't have came . CNN : In the book , you cite lessons from Eastern religions , Christianity , Islam , -LSB- Nation of Islam offshoot -RSB- Five Percent , numerology , comic books , kung fu , chess . What would you say to someone who says it 's difficult to reconcile these dogmas ? RZA : Like it says in the Bible , "  In the beginning was the word , and the word became flesh " -- if we go to the root of the word , we will find that , yeah , everything is similar . Everything is teaching us all the same path . It 's just that one religion was good for these people because of their living conditions . In the Quran , they mention paradise being filled with wells , wells of water , and if you 're in the desert and you 've got a chance to get water and gardens -- as they describe paradise in the holy Quran -- if you 're going to get gardens , that 's the paradise that fits your situation . ... Everything they 're saying relates to the people they 're talking to . ... You remove the messenger and take the message . CNN : You say in the book that your penchant for violent lyrics in your younger years "  was a product of my history and environment " and that it no longer represents you . But you also say you wo n't repudiate violence . Why not ? RZA : One reason I have n't repudiated it is because when it 's necessary , it 's necessary . -LSB- The Bible 's -RSB- Ecclesiastes tell us there 's a time for everything -- a time for war , a time for peace -- so in times for war , there 's time for violence . Then in -LSB- the Hindu scripture -RSB- Bhagavad Gita , it says Arjuna was talking , Arjuna did n't want to commit violent acts against an army that was attacking him . He could n't find it in his heart to do it . It was people he loved . He did n't want to get into violence , but Krishna had to point out to him , "  Your duty is your duty . " ... So , to me , violence in the light of justice is still violent , but I do n't see it the same . It 's because of justice that I do n't repudiate violence because justice must be served somehow . CNN : ODB was a product of his environment as well . To what degree were you and other Wu-Tang members responsible for his death ? RZA : The guys would say it 's more me than them because they say that 's my cousin and I was right there . If you let a man that you love or anybody -- man , woman or child that you love -- sit there and destroy themselves in front of you , you 're neglecting them ... Everybody let him do what he wanted to do . ... There were times when I took his drugs and threw them down the toilet . When I do that , he would get so pissed off I do n't see him for weeks after that . ... So it got to a point , I was like , " -LSB- expletive -RSB- it , let him do his drugs " just to have him around me , just to keep him there . ... But it 's still neglect , yo . CNN : You say you ran Wu-Tang like a dictatorship in its first five years . I know you and Raekwon have had creative differences and Ghostface Killah is suing you over royalties . Ever regret the dictatorship approach ? RZA : I do n't regret it because it got us to the power we are . ... To me , in the beginning , the dictatorship led us to such a strong foundation that even though Wu-Tang seemed to be crumbling , it did n't fall because of the root foundation of one man 's idea . But now as it 's coming back together -- we 're living in the twilight age of it right now -- it 's still surviving because of the democracy of it . CNN : Wu-Tang is still around , but nothing like the heyday of the 1990s . Will we ever see a renaissance ? RZA : Well , to me , Wu-Tang is beyond Wu-Tang Clan . ... It 's just like hip-hop is beyond Grandmaster Flash , but Grandmaster Flash was one of the first guys to hit those turntables like that . ... The same thing with Wu-Tang . You 'll see the difference in hip-hop from the moment we came in to before we came in . We changed it . We changed the whole structure . CNN : Have you accomplished everything you 've set out to accomplish ? RZA : I 'm me and the me that 's me is me and is going to continue to be me , and it 's always reaching and growing . I 'm grateful for what I 've accomplished . I 'm grateful for anyone who thinks I accomplished something and says , "  Well he did this ; he did that . " I 'm proud to be accepted , but I feel like I 've just scratched the surface for some weird reason . CNN 's Kyle Almond contributed to this report .	Wu-Tang producer : Attempted murder conviction also could have derailed band Rapper/producer/actor RZA talks of forming Wu-Tang Clan in upcoming memoir RZA : Ol' Dirty Bastard made son watch him do drugs before 2004 fatal overdose Book cites lessons from Christianity , Islam , numerology , kung fu , chess
CNN  -- Dutch authorities have arrested 12 men of Somali origin they believe were about to carry out a terrorist attack , authorities said Saturday . The country 's intelligence service provided information that led to the arrests in Rotterdam , Public Prosecution Service spokesman Wim de Bruin told CNN . No weapons or explosives were found , he said . The suspects are in police custody . "  The attack was said to be imminent so the national police started an investigation which led to the arrest of 12 Somalis later on Friday in Rotterdam , " de Bruin said . "  We are not sure about what the target was , how they were going to carry out the attack or when . " A Dutch counterterrorism office spokeswoman said the immediate threat to the country has been removed and the terror alert level will remain "  limited , " or relatively low . "  We are now following the information that comes out of the interrogations with these 12 individuals to see if there still remains a threat from this plot , " said Judith Sluiter of the National Coordinator for Counterterrorism . The men , between ages 19 and 48 , were arrested in various locations . Police have searched a pawn shop , four homes and two hotel rooms , de Bruin said . Six of the suspects live in Rotterdam and one is from Denmark . Some are Dutch citizens . They all are of Somali origin , de Bruin said . A spokesman for the Danish Security Service said authorities are in "  close contact " with Dutch police . War-torn Somalia has a virtually powerless central government and is home to several militant groups , including Al-Shabaab , which controls much of the country Al-Shabaab has claimed responsibility for several attacks , including a series of bombs that tore through an Ethiopian restaurant and a rugby center in the Ugandan capital of Kampala . Officials said the July 11 blasts , which killed 79 people , were probably set off by suicide bombers . The United States this year charged several people with trying to funnel money or otherwise assist Somali extremists . Al-Shabaab has been linked to al Qaeda . Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed in September asked other countries to train Somalia 's forces to help counter militant groups . The Netherlands is concerned about threats to Western countries , including itself , said Sluiter . She made a reference to the recent suicide bombing in Stockholm , Sweden . A 2009 Dutch intelligence report indicated a decreased threat from domestic militant networks . Domestic militants were becoming more focused on jihad outside the Netherlands , the report said . But it did say the country was seeing more jihadist threats from Somalia and Yemen . The report noted several cases of Dutch citizens trying to travel to Somalia to join Al-Shabaab , including four arrested in 2009 in Kenya . The arrests in the Netherlands followed an unrelated sweep a few days before in the United Kingdom . An operation Monday led by the British intelligence service , MI5 , resulted in arrests of 12 suspects ranging in age from 17 to 28 in the cities of London , Stoke and Birmingham , England , as well as Cardiff , Wales . A senior British official not authorized to speak on the record said the suspects were arrested on suspicion of "  preparation or instigation of an act of terrorism in the UK , " but he also said the suspects were "  aspirational " rather than equipped and "  ready to go . " CNN terror analyst Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	NEW : Dutch intelligence report said more citizens wanted to join Al-Shabaab 12 men of Somali origin arrested in Rotterdam They are in custody on suspicion of terrorism No weapons or explosives were found
CNN  -- A 7-year-old boy from El Paso , Texas , was gunned down across the border in the violent city of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , a spokesman for the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office told CNN Tuesday . Raul Xazziel Ramirez had been visiting his father in Juarez on Friday evening when unknown gunmen fired on their vehicle at a roundabout , spokesman Arturo Sandoval said . At least 18 rounds from a 9 mm weapon were shot at the white 2000 Geo Tracker driven by Ramirez 's dad , Sandoval said . The father , Raul Ramirez Alvarado , 35 , died in the driver 's seat . The younger Raul escaped from the vehicle , but was apparently shot in the back , Sandoval said . The boy 's body fell forward in front of the vehicle . The shooting happened just before 8 p.m. Friday . No arrests had been made as of Tuesday , the spokesman said . Raul Xazziel Ramirez was a third-grader at Glen Cove Elementary School in El Paso , Ysleta Independent School District spokeswoman Patricia Ayala told CNN . "  It 's a senseless tragedy that we 're trying to come to terms with , " she said . According to El Paso County records , Raul was just three weeks shy of his eighth birthday when he was killed . The boy lived with his aunt and uncle in El Paso , Ayala said . It was the first semester that Raul was registered with the district . Raul 's classmates were spared the details of his death , but the school was nonetheless shocked at the boy 's passing . Grief counselors were made available for both students and teachers , Ayala said . More than 2,200 killings have been recorded this year in Ciudad Juarez , out of a population of approximately 1.5 million people . A bloody turf war between warring drug cartels that started last year has made the city one of the most violent in the world . According to statistics from local prosecutors , Ciudad Juarez records about 10 murders a day . The bloodiest month this year has been September , with 476 killings reported . The violence has not spilled over significantly across the border to El Paso , but as Friday 's shooting showed , the pain of one of the sister cities is shared by the other . Because of the ongoing investigation , Sandoval declined to say whether drug cartel activity was suspected in the killings of Raul and his father , but added that at least 90 percent of the city 's homicides are drug-related . Raul was not the youngest victim slain this year . In early 2009 , a 3-year-old girl was killed together with her father inside a vehicle that was targeted , Sandoval said .	NEW : Raul Xazziel Ramirez was just three weeks shy of his eighth birthday , records show Ramirez was killed Friday along with his father in Ciudad Juarez . The boy managed to escape the vehicle but was shot in the back , police say More than 2,200 slain this year in Juarez ; Ramirez was not the youngest
Cairo  CNN  -- Police on Monday arrested the head of the defense team for the 21 women and girls sentenced for protesting in Egypt last month , a colleague and member of the defense team told CNN . Lawyer Ahmed El-Hamrawy was arrested at his home in Alexandria at dawn Monday , lawyer Mahmoud Farouq told CNN . "  I ca n't separate his arrest from the girls ' case , " said Farouq , who is part of the team defending the 21 jailed protesters . "  This means that any lawyer who comes close to the case will be detained . " Gen. Nasser El-Abd , the head of the Alexandria Criminal Investigation Department , told Egyptian daily newspaper Al-Masry Al-Youm that El-Hamrawy was arrested with five others for "  incitement of violence . " Reports : Egypt 's draft constitution goes to interim president On Wednesday , 14 women were sentenced to 11 years in prison , and seven minors to juvenile detention , on charges of gathering , thuggery and weapons possession at a demonstration for ousted President Mohamed Morsy . The harsh sentence sparked wide criticism of the way the Interior Ministry and the judiciary have been handling the cases of Morsy supporters . An appeals hearing for their case is scheduled to take place Saturday . "  We do n't have any doubt that this verdict is a new episode in a series of politicized judicial rulings , which include the sentencing of several Al-Azhar students to 17 years for various misdemeanors based on accusations that are mostly trumped up and generalized , " said a joint statement issued by 14 rights groups last week . Egyptian lawmakers begin vote on new constitution The verdict coincided with an increasing crackdown on non-Islamist activists who oppose the military-led regime and Morsy . Prominent activist Alaa Abdel-Fattah , detained during the Mubarak and the military council regimes in 2006 and 2011 , is being held pending investigations for his alleged involvement in calling for a demonstration . Ahmed Maher , founder of the April 6 Youth Movement , is also being questioned about similar charges . Legislation restricting demonstrations reignited confrontations between police and the non-Islamist opposition , especially at university campuses across the country . A demonstration coinciding with the retrial of two policemen accused of killing Khaled Saied , whose death had fueled the uprising in 2011 , was dispersed with force in Alexandria on Monday . "  El-Hamrawy was part of Morsy 's opposition . He demonstrated against him on June 30 , but he 's been involved in defending freedoms since July 3 , " when the military removed the Islamist President from power , Farouq told CNN . "  He 's being punished for that . "	Lawyer Ahmed El-Hamrawy was arrested at his home in Alexandria at dawn Monday Fellow lawyer : "  This means that any lawyer who comes close to the case will be detained " 14 women , seven girls were accused of illegal gathering , thuggery , weapons possession They were arrested at a demonstration for ousted President Mohamed Morsy
CNN  -- Sherri Shepherd is leaving the daytime talk show "  The View , " sources close to her told CNN on Thursday . Producers and people close to Shepherd have known for months that she was ready to go , they said , adding that Shepherd kept the news quiet because she did n't want to upstage or disrupt Barbara Walters ' retirement . Co-host Walters bid farewell to "  The View " last month , although she will still serve as the show 's executive producer . One of the sources close to Shepherd said staff at "  The View " learned about some "  abrupt " changes Thursday . The source could not say what those changes are . Jenny McCarthy , another co-host on the show , later tweeted : "  If Sherri goes ... I go too . " She added : "  My View will be changing too ... Thanks to everyone at the show for your dedication and an amazing year . " CNN 's Breeanna Hare contributed to this report .	People close to Shepherd have known for months she was ready to go , sources say Barbara Walters bid farewell to "  The View " last month Co-host Jenny McCarthy tweets : "  If Sherri goes ... I go too "
CNN  -- In yet another sign of the gravity of Chicago 's violent crime problem , 40 Illinois State Police officers will soon hit the streets in beleaguered neighborhoods . The officers represent an expansion of a partnership between Chicago Police and the Illinois State Police . "  Earlier this year I told  Chicago  Mayor  Rahm  Emanuel we would help in any way we could to combat violence in the city . When he requested assistance , I immediately agreed to help , " Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn said in a press release announcing the move . The 40 officers will join the Chicago Police Department 's Fugitive Unit and help search for wanted criminals . "  I 'm proud to bring so many partners together to focus on real solutions that will help ensure every child in every neighborhood has the safety and opportunities they deserve , " Emanuel said in a press release . The additional officers are expected to be added in the next 30 days . Chicago is suffering through an awful summer of violent shootings . Over the Fourth of July weekend alone more than 60 people were shot and nine were killed . The state police and Chicago Police will form "  surge " teams with five Chicago Police officers and two state troopers , according to the press release from Quinn 's office . The teams will work to find known violent criminals in an effort to get them off of the streets of Chicago . The expanded partnership will be funded with current state police resources . And at the city level , steps have been taken to get more boots on the ground . Last week , Chicago Police Superintendent Garry F. McCarthy ordered 150 officers to be taken off of administrative jobs and added to street patrol , Monday through Thursday , CNN affiliate WLS reported . In addition to heightened police forces , the city is also taking a softer approach to quell crime . A local supermarket chain will provide food for Faith in Action community events . These events , hosted by community and faith groups , take place in neighborhoods most impacted by violence . After Faith in Action events were held over Memorial Day , there were no shootings in Chicago for 42 hours , according to a statement from the mayor 's office . "  I am very pleased that Mayor Emanuel has committed to a community process to address our public safety challenges , " said the Rev. Dr. L. Bernard Jakes of the West Point Missionary Baptist Church in Chicago . "  He is listening and responding . " Man featured in CNN 's ` Chicagoland ' series injured in drive-by shooting 3-year-old critically wounded in Chicago shooting 47 shot , 5 dead , Chicago officials meet	Dozens of Illinois State Police to be sent to Chicago to combat gun violence Troopers to form "  surge " teams with Chicago police The 40 officers are expected to be added in the next 30 days
"  This is the start of the new Manchester United , " trumpeted Louis Van Gaal after his expensively rebuilt side kick started its Premier League campaign with a 4-0 victory over Queens Park Rangers at Old Trafford Sunday . A defeat and two lackluster draws prior to the international break had left the English powerhouses languishing near the foot of the standings , but this was the first match when all his new signings were in action . Two of them , Angel Di Maria and Ander Herrera , were on the score sheet while Daley Blind and Marcos Rojo also made their first starts . With United 4-0 up in the second half , Colombian striker Radamel Falcao was also given his debut from the bench , but could not add to the scoreline . Former Real Madrid star Di Maria was particularly impressive and his curling free kick gave United an early lead . He also played a part in the buildup to Herrera 's strike for the second and for Wayne Rooney to score a fine third just before half time . England captain Rooney is now the joint-third top scorer in Premier League history . The second half proved left eventful but it was Di Maria again who set up Juan Mata for the fourth before Falcao was introduced with 23 minutes remaining , showing a few glimpses of his undoubted talent . Harry Redknapp 's QPR offered little in reply but it was still a morale boosting win for Dutchman Van Gaal , who succeeded David Moyes as United manager after their poor 2013-4 campaign . Van Gaal has been set a target of a top-three finish to guarantee automatic qualification to the Champions League next season , but is already setting his sights higher . "  I want to win the Premier League title , " he announced after the victory . "  If it is not this year then the second or third year . I want to give a championship to the fans . " His side were ending a four-match winless run , which also included an embarrassing defeat to third flight MK Dons in the English League Cup . "  This is special because it is also the birthday of my wife  Truss  . I have already given her a present but she said the biggest present shall be the victory . We give it to her , " Van Gaal added . In other football action Sunday , Hanover 96 joined Bayern Munich and Bayer Leverkusen at the top of the Bundesliga after a 2-0 win over Hamburg , which left the visitors at the bottom of the table . First-half goals from Leon Andreasen and Artur Sobiech gave Hanover three points to move to seven points after three games with champions Bayern and Leverkusen . In La Liga , Valencia continued its unbeaten start to move into second place with a 3-1 win at home to Espanyol . Pablo Piatti , Dani Parejo and Paco Alcacer scored for Valencia in a comfortable win .	Manchester United beat QPR 4-0 at Old Trafford First win of EPL season for English powerhouses Angel Di Maria inspires comfortable victory Radamel Falcao makes debut as second half substitute
CNN  Lawmakers in the Philippines have called for an inquiry into allegations that public funds were used to "  hide " homeless families at a resort during the Pope 's recent visit . The Philippines Department of Social Welfare and Development  DSWD  has confirmed that 340 members of 100 homeless families were removed from Roxas Boulevard , a major Manila thoroughfare , and temporarily relocated to a beach resort about 90 kilometers  55 miles  away for the duration of the Papal visit . The families returned after the Pope 's departure . A resolution before the Philippines House of Representatives has called on the government to summon the head of the DSWD for a probe into whether $ 97,600 spent on the six-day training course at the resort in Nasugbu , Batangas , amounted to a misuse of public funds . Rep. Terry Ridon , one of the lawmakers behind the resolution , said in a statement he was concerned that the families had been rounded up from Roxas Boulevard , which the Papal convoy traveled several times during the Pope 's January 15-19 visit . He said the episode highlighted the "  frivolous manner " in which the government implemented anti-poverty programs . The training course at the resort had been been funded as part of a program with the objective of "  keeping families off the streets by training them how to live in a house , " read the resolution , which was also sponsored by Rep. Antonio Tinio and Rep. Isagani Zarate . However , "  after the papal visit , the families who participated in the ` training ' were returned to the streets , " raising questions about the program 's effectiveness in terms of its "  supposed objective of reducing poverty , " said the resolution . In an unrelated Senate hearing Tuesday , DSWD Secretary Dinky Soliman was asked about the issue , and confirmed that homeless families from the boulevard had been sent to the resort . She said the department had already intended to enroll the families in the training program , and had considered the period of the Pope 's visit would be the ideal time to do so . "  To prepare for Pope Francis ' arrival ... local governments wanted to make sure that Roxas Boulevard was in a secure and safe state , and so were the  homeless  people ... with the influx of people in the area , " she told the hearing . "  So when we reached out to the families on Roxas Boulevard , since we were already planning to register them to the Modified Conditional Cash Transfer Program , we thought it could be the right time to hold the orientation from January 15 to 19 . " The government 's Modified Conditional Cash Transfer  MCCT  Program is described on a government website as a "  complete package of assistance to street families ... with access to social services and economic opportunities for the improvement of their living conditions . " Ridon 's resolution alleged that the resort stay was "  not the first time that DSWD  had  made an attempt to cover up the massive inequality in the country . " It claimed that during the World Economic Forum on East Asia held in Manila in May last year , families were relocated to another resort for similar training . The plight of the poor , particularly street children , was a touchstone during Pope Francis ' visit to the predominantly Catholic country . At a Sunday Mass , the Pope embraced former street children , who asked him why God had allowed them to suffer .	Allegations are made the the Philippines hid homeless families during the Pope 's visit 100 homeless families from a busy street were relocated to a resort for training They were returned to Manila after the Pope left
CNN  -- The Venezuelan government initiated a new charge against a private television broadcaster and said that 29 additional radio stations would soon be closed , the latest move in what critics call a crackdown on freedom of expression . Demonstrators hold up a picture of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez at a pro-Chavez rally on Saturday . The Saturday announcement by Minister of Public Works and Housing Diosdado Cabello , who oversees the state telecommunications regulator , came at a counter-rally to marches protesting the hardline tactics of President Hugo Chavez . Friday 's marches against Chavez were in part to protest the government 's closure of 32 radio stations and two television broadcasters last month . The government said the stations were shut down for violations relating to their broadcast licenses . Critics say the president was clamping down on critical press . "  There are 29 -LSB- radio stations -RSB- that will be off the air shortly , " Cabello said at Saturday 's pro-Chavez rally . Cabello also announced a new legal complaint against television broadcaster Globovision as a sanction for allegedly calling for a coup against Chavez during its coverage of Friday 's rallies . Globovision carried text messages from viewers on a ticker on the bottom of the screen during the anti-Chavez protests that called for an overthrow of the government , Cabello said . "  If you call for a coup , if you call for assassination , assume your responsibility , " he said . The government has already initiated a number of charges against Globovision . The station , known for being critical of Chavez , is being investigated for breaking a law on "  social responsibility " on some programs on certain dates . The station violated a statute that makes it illegal to utilize telecommunication channels to further criminal acts , the government alleges . Venezuelan authorities had also opened an investigation into whether Globovision broke the law May 4 when it reported about an earthquake before an official report had been issued on the matter . Two other investigations had previously been launched against the station . The relationship between privately-owned media in Venezuela and the leftist Chavez have never been rosy . Chavez has accused private television stations of supporting his brief ouster in 2002 , and the president was a driving force behind denying a license renewal in 2007 to one broadcaster he said cooperated with the opposition .	Venezuela says 29 more radio stations to be closed ; 32 already shut down Minister also announces new charges against TV station critical of president Critics say President Hugo Chavez ' government is trying to silence press criticism Announcements come at pro-Chavez rally , countering anti-Chavez rallies on Friday
CNN  -- Following in the footsteps of many other celebrities , the miners who spent more than two months trapped underground in a Chilean mine are "  going to Disney World . " "  The amazing story of these miners captured the attention of the world for demonstrating the true power and resilience of the human spirit , " Disney President and CEO Bob Iger said in a statement . "  We are proud to welcome these courageous men and their families to the Walt Disney World Resort . " Disney is picking up the tab for the miners , their rescuers and their immediate families during a six-night stay -- January 27 to February 2 . Each family will get a $ 500 gift card . The group will serve as honorary Grand Marshals of a Main Street U.S.A. parade . The story of the miners , known simply as "  the 33 " in Chile , transfixed much of the world during their 69 day ordeal about half a mile below ground . They have been popular on the American talk show circuit since their rescue in October and have been honored by Chilean President Sebastian Pinera and on the "  CNN Heroes " show .	Disney is hosting miners and rescuers next month The group is going to be Grand Marshals at a Disney World parade
CNN  -- The audio recordings of 911 calls from the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting will be released Wednesday afternoon , after a state attorney dropped his attempt to block the disclosure . State Attorney Stephen Sedensky , whose office conducted an investigation into the shocking mass shooting , said Monday he was withdrawing an appeal of a decision by the Connecticut Freedom of Information Commission to release the calls . Sedensky said he discussed his decision with attorneys for the Connecticut town and lawyers from the office of the chief state 's attorney . The release of the recordings will be administered by the attorneys for the Town of Newtown , Sedensky said through a written statement . Last week , Connecticut Superior Court Judge Eliot Prescott upheld the Connecticut Freedom of Information Commission 's ruling to release calls related to the December 2012 shooting . The Associated Press had challenged authorities ' refusal to release the 911 tapes . The calls are scheduled to be made public at 2 p.m. ET Wednesday . Sedensky 's office issued a 44-page report last week that concluded the shooter was a mentally ill recluse who never gave any indication that he was planning to kill people . Sandy Hook killer took motive to his grave The massacre at Sandy Hook left 26 people dead , including 20 children , making it the second-deadliest shooting in U.S. history . The gunman , Adam Lanza , shot himself at the end of his 11-minute rampage . The killings in Newtown , about 60 miles outside New York , happened less than five months after a similar bloodbath at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , outside Denver . Those mass slayings triggered a nationwide debate over gun violence , school safety and mental health , a debate that produced some new restrictions on firearms in several states . A backlash against those laws by gun-rights advocates followed , and there was only limited action on a federal level after a Republican filibuster blocked expanded background checks for gun buyers . CNN 's Yon Pomrenze and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	State attorney drops appeal of court 's decision to release the recordings The Associated Press had requested the audio files be released The 2012 shooting left 26 people dead , including 20 children It 's the second-deadliest shooting in U.S. history
CNN  -- The U.S. government claims he 's the mastermind of a huge online fraud operation with multiple identities and a history of breaking the law and evading arrest , but his lawyer says he 's a law-abiding entrepreneur committed to raising his young family in New Zealand . The question is which of these descriptions of Kim Dotcom , the founder of the shuttered file-sharing website Megaupload , is closer to the truth ? Arrested by the New Zealand police in a raid last week , Dotcom is one of seven people indicted by the U.S. on accusations of operating an "  international organized criminal enterprise responsible for massive worldwide online piracy of copyrighted works . " Megaupload 's lawyers denied the charges , and online activists have rallied to the site 's defense . The arrests and the shuttering of Megaupload prompted an angry reaction from the activist hacking collective Anonymous , which took credit for temporarily crippling the U.S. Department of Justice , FBI and entertainment company websites after the prosecution was announced . Dozens of supporters attended Dotcom 's court hearings in New Zealand this week . As he sits in jail awaiting an extradition hearing in the coming months , attention has focused on the extravagant lifestyle he appears to have enjoyed . The U.S. authorities say Megaupload generated more than $ 175 million in illegal profits through advertising revenue and the sale of premium memberships . The New Zealand news media appear fascinated by the new international celebrity , and the government is facing questions over why it granted him residency in the country despite his criminal record . Judge D.J. McNaughton denied Dotcom bail and offered insights into his different descriptions . Dotcom holds one German passport , under the name of Kim Schmitz , and two Finnish passports , under the names of Kim Tim Jim Vestor and Kim Dotcom . Prosecutors say the multiple passports , as well as bank accounts and credit cards from various countries linked to different names prove that Dotcom presented a flight risk . His lawyers have countered that Dotcom thought the Finnish passport under the name of Kim Tim Jim Vestor had been canceled , and that the reason he had 25 credit cards in his possession at the time of his arrest was that he is a "  collector " of credit cards . Most of the cards had expired , according to the defense lawyers . He has prior convictions from 1998 related to computer hacking , from 2003 for insider trading in Germany and from 2011 for failure to disclose the number of shares he acquired in Hong Kong . Dotcom is a resident of New Zealand , where he employs more than 50 staff , and Hong Kong , where he has a suite at the Grand Hyatt Hotel . He is married to a Filipina woman with whom he has three children . His wife is pregnant with twins , and he is also the legal guardian of his wife 's two brothers ages 11 and 14 . His lawyer , Paul Davison , argued the facts demonstrate his commitment to staying in New Zealand , where he obtained residency status in December 2009 . But prosecutors and the judge have expressed concern that if Dotcom were able to make his way to Germany , his German nationality would make him immune from extradition proceedings . In his judgment Wednesday , McNaughton said he could not exclude the possibility that with his "  business effectively shut down in the United States and his bank accounts and assets frozen and facing prosecution on serious charges with the full weight of the United States government behind it " that Dotcom "  may take whatever money is still available to him and run to safe haven in Germany . " The judge also expressed concern about the existence of a firearm found near Dotcom at the time of his arrest last week . The New Zealand police used helicopters to storm Dotcom 's mansion . He reacted by activating a "  sophisticated security lock on his bedroom door and then retreating to a second ` panic room ' hidden within his bedroom again secured by a security locked door , " according to prosecutors . When the police entered the inner room , they found Dotcom sitting cross-legged on the floor and "  a loaded shotgun in a nearby safe . " Dotcom has admitted he does n't hold a firearm license but says he was intending to apply for one . His lawyer argued that the presence of guns on the property was a precautionary measure because his wife is from the Philippines where the kidnapping of wealthy individuals or their children is a common occurrence . It was also disclosed in court that Dotcom suffers from diabetes and hypertension . He has also been receiving treatment for a slipped disc . All reasons , his lawyers said , for not keeping him in custody .	Kim Dotcom is the founder of Megaupload , a site shut down by the U.S. last week He is one of seven people indicted on copyright and other charges Prosecutors say he could use multiple identities to flee New Zealand His lawyer says he is law-abiding and wants to stay with his family
CNN  -- Nineteen political prisoners were released by the government of Myanmar over the weekend , the human rights group Amnesty International reported Tuesday . Protesters demand democracy for Myanmar at a demonstration in New Delhi , India earlier this month . Among those released was Ma Khin Khin Leh , who was serving a life sentence because her husband , a student activist , had helped plan a protest demonstration in Bago in July 1999 , according to Amnesty International USA 's Web blog Authorities prevented the demonstration from taking place , but took the woman and her three-year-old daughter into custody after failing to find her husband , Amnesty International said . The child was released after five days but her mom , a 33-year-old school teacher , was sentenced to life in prison . "  Even by the normally harsh standards of ` justice ' meted out by Myanmar 's military government , the life sentence given to Ma Khin Khin Leh was extreme , " the human rights organization said . She was designated one of Amnesty International USA 's priority cases . She was released with 18 others "  widely considered to be political prisoners , " Amnesty International said . Myanmar 's military rulers have been widely condemned for their alleged human rights abuses . Pro-democracy leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi has been confined in her home for 12 of the past 18 years . Her last house arrest began in 2003 and has been periodically renewed . In October 2007 , clashes erupted between pro-democracy demonstrators and government security forces . As many as 110 people are believed to have been killed in that crackdown , including 40 Buddhist monks . The protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated . Myanmar 's military junta said in mid-October that it had detained more than 2,900 people amid the clashes . In September 2008 , Amnesty International reported that Myanmar , also called Burma , had released seven dissidents , among them U Win Tin , a journalist and senior official in the opposition National League for Democracy who had been imprisoned for 19 years .	School teacher among 19 political prisoners freed in Myanmar , Amnesty says Ma Khin Khin Leh sentenced to life in 1999 after her husband planned a protest Myanmar 's military rulers are widely condemned for alleged human rights abuses Pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi still confined to home
CNN  -- A wave of anger over austerity is sweeping across Europe as workers fed up with government spending cuts and tax increases took to the streets in a coordinated day of action Wednesday . Some of the largest and occasionally violent protests took place in Spain , where a general strike is under way . Public transport has been shut down , or disrupted , while many schools , shops , factories and airports are closed . There were also significant walkouts -- and outbreaks of violence -- in Portugal , Greece and Italy . Limited protests are taking place in other countries , including France and Belgium -- and even in Germany where the traditionally strong economy has taken a hit . Transport across the continent is being disrupted by the strikes . Hundreds of flights have been grounded , and there are severe reductions in intercity rail services and local transit systems . Protesters say the cuts will compromise livelihoods and increase unemployment . Clashes are reported to have taken place between police and activists in various cities . The strikes have been called by the European Trade Union Confederation , which represents 85 separate organizations across the continent . "  Austerity is a total dead end , and must be abandoned . Social protection and wages can no longer be sacrificed , " the confederation said on its website . "  This is a social emergency , and it is time to listen to what the citizens and workers have to say , and to change course . " In Spain , this is the second general strike in a year . The country 's two largest unions have plenty to protest about with unemployment standing at more than 25 % and cuts from health to education . Protests led to 118 people being arrested and 74 people being injured , including 43 members of security forces , the Interior Ministry said . Nuria Manzano , from the UGT union explained why it was important for workers to support the action . "  The cuts are n't limited to Spain . They are happening in the whole European Union . "  That 's why it is important that all Europe protest against these cuts and against this way to do politics . " But despite the recent violent social unrest and the rise of suicides blamed on increasing financial hardship the government is sticking to its fiscal plan . Spanish PM Mariano Rajoy said : "  I said I would lower taxes , but I am raising them , I have n't changed my criteria nor will I decline to put them down when possible , but circumstances have changed and I must adapt to them . " It 's a similar picture in neighboring Portugal where protesters are taking part in what they 're calling a "  coordinated day of action . " Portugal 's main trade unions say the protests are meant to show mass discontent and send European leaders a warning . Months of quiet resignation in the country have turned to anger and discontent . A combination of severe tax increases -- and rising unemployment -- have made social unrest the norm . Unemployed Pedro Barroso explained the reason for the unrest . "  You see people participating in demonstrations more and more . The social awareness is noticeable . This year we had more demonstrations than in the last 20 years ! " On Monday several hundred people took to the streets as German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited the Portuguese capital to rally morale . Many held banners saying : "  Merkel , you 're not welcome . " In Italy , clashes broke out in Rome , Milan and Turin with several police officers reported injured . The unions say the strike is designed not to damage the economy , but to show the scale of the opposition to austerity cuts . "  This is a government that is destroying all the rights to social services with the excuse of the European Union , " said one demonstrator , Felice Nardi . "  We believe that the voice of the workers should finally be heard because they are the ones suffering . There have been a series of measures that are really bringing the people to ruin . " On Monday , with youth unemployment approaching 35 % , 3,000 students vented their anger . "  We are students and our future is at stake and we need to do something , " said one student called Chiara . "  If we do n't do something , who will ? " CNN 's Ben Wedeman said the government must strike a fine balance between sometime violent domestic oppostion and its international debt obligations . "  In elections next year we 'll see how successful the government was in achieving this balance . " In Greece , police said 5,000 people took to the streets to protest peacefully over the economic pain they are suffering . In the last two years alone public sector workers have seen their wages shrink by up to 40 % . Unemployed civil servant Evangelia Katsaropoulou explained why she planned to join the protests . "  I have two children , they 're twins , and the situation is tragic , " she told CNN . "  What I want to say to everyone is that they have to come onto the streets and shout so that these measures do not take place . " The International Monetary Fund and the European Union are debating whether and when Greece can receive its next bailout payment . Protesters , such as pensioner Thimios Marvitsas , hope to remind them that they are the ones bearing the burden of austerity . "  All these measures they are pushing us back 50 , 60 years , " he said . "  They are cutting our pensions in half , there is a million unemployed , more taxes . In other words our lives are just getting worse and worse . " Even in Germany there were protests , including 200 demonstrators in Berlin . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen said that unions organized the protests more out of solidarity than real anger . However he added that the economy was slowing down and the eurozone crisis was taking its toll on the labor market . Unemployment is lower than in other countries but trades unions warn that austerity measures could damage the economy . "  Angela Merkel has become a lightning rod for protesters across Europe due to anger over her insistence that debt-ridden countries adopt austerity , " he said . "  Now the same is happening in Germany itself . " In Belgium , about 200 people protested , but no violence was reported , police said . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Sofia Fernandes and Alla Eshchenko and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : 74 people , including 43 security forces , injured in Spain ; 118 people arrested Workers angry over spending cuts and tax rises protest in coordinated day of action General strikes in Spain and Portugal , significant walkouts in Greece and Italy Clashes turn violent ; transport disrupted : flights grounded ; reductions in rail services
CNN  -- This is how the world ends -- at least at the multiplex this month . Last weekend 's box-office champ "  2012 " primarily uses an ancient Mayan prophecy to spin a tale of world destruction . "  The Road , " due out November 25 , showcases a father and son navigating a post-apocalyptic world of ash , cold and cannibals . And the indie documentary "  Collapse " gives voice to one man 's belief that , as we exhaust natural resources , civilization is ready to crumble . Such concerns have always been with us , says Alexander Riley , a sociology professor at Bucknell University who 's incorporated eschatology  the study of the end times  into his courses . "  It 's been a constant part of the landscape in the Western world for a long time , " he says , though it 's been particularly present in recent times , perhaps driven by ever-quickening social and technological change , he adds . Examples can be found through the centuries . At the end of the year 999 , pilgrims made their way to Jerusalem , convinced that the Last Judgment was at hand . In 1843 , thousands of followers of the religious leader William Miller gathered on New England hilltops , waiting for ascension . In 1982 , some believed the "  Jupiter Effect " -- the rough alignment of several celestial bodies -- would cause catastrophe . And the coming of the year 2000 led to fears about technological collapse -- in the form of the Y2K bug -- and rumblings about the return of Jesus . The fact that none of these events led to the end of the world has n't calmed end-times fears . Indeed , many people are still trying to interpret alleged prophecies -- such as the biblical Book of Revelation , Nostradamus ' verses and that 2012-focused Mayan Long Count calendar -- in hopes of figuring out exactly when the other shoe will drop , and humanity will be freed from its vale of tears . Riley observes that end-times passions find particularly fertile soil in the United States , which has a higher degree of religiosity compared to other developed nations , according to a 2008 Gallup survey . At the evangelical Friends Church in Yorba Linda , California -- one of the largest Quaker churches in the world -- Phil Hotsenpiller , the church 's teaching pastor , gives a yearly series of lectures on end-times concepts and says interest has been high , with "  lines out the door . " He says that he tries to educate his audience about the sources of apocalyptic thought , and why biblical prophecy is such a draw for some . "  Biblical prophecy lays out a scenario that God says this is what 's going to happen , and just watch for these signs , " he says . The movie business has taken notice : The Weinstein Company , producers of "  The Road , " asked Hotsenpiller to take his show on , well , the road to discuss themes of the film . But it 's not just Christian groups that have an end-times fascination . Riley says that all the major monotheistic faiths -- Judaism , Christianity and Islam -- have variations on the belief that God interacts directly with humanity , and has made a promise "  to wrap things up , and then we 'll get on with Act Two . " That idea of an Act Two -- or , better yet , a conclusion -- satisfies something innate in humans , he says . "  Lots of people have an interest in cultural narratives ... that have a closure that coincides to some degree with their own lives , " Riley says . Science provides a story as well , he says , "  but it 's very open-ended . " The eschatological narrative , on the other hand , says "  the world is going to come to an end , and it 's likely going to come to an end in my lifetime . So conveniently , everything is going to wrap up when or before MY life wraps up . " Which is where Hollywood , longtime manufacturer of great stories and seeker of customer satisfaction , comes in . iReporter : See "  2012 " in theatres Movie history is replete with end-of-the-world scenarios , whether driven by religion  "  The Seventh Sign "  , alien invasion  "  Mars Attacks ! "  , environmental disaster  "  The Day After Tomorrow "  , warfare  "  Dr. Strangelove "  or much of the above  "  Beneath the Planet of the Apes "  . Wheeler Winston Dixon , Ryan Professor of Film Studies at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln , points out that the topic is almost as old as film itself : The first sound film of Abel Gance , who made the groundbreaking 1927 silent "  Napoleon , " was 1931 's "  The End of the World , " in which a comet slams into Earth .  It flopped . Such films allow us to enjoy the present while watching a fantasy about the future , he says . "  I think it 's a desire to sort of say ... ` We wo n't have to worry about the future , because there is no future , ' " he says . "  And so therefore , we can do what we want now , and all the debts are put off and all the responsibilities are avoided . " Besides , "  the complete destruction of the world has always been attractive , because ... by witnessing that act and staying outside of it , you 've witnessed the apocalypse , " he says . "  It 's much like a horror movie . It allows you to participate without risk . " "  We love adrenaline , " adds Peter Hankoff , a writer-producer of documentaries for the National Geographic Channel and the Discovery Channel , among others . "  We always have this need to be vigilant or hypervigilant . So when something like this comes on our radar of the possibility of the end , it peaks our adrenaline level . ... We love disaster , and we love to avert it . " But Hankoff , a pleasurably acerbic skeptic who has made documentaries about Nostradamus , says it 's hard to persuade people invested in end-times theories to revise their views . "  The problem is , when you 're faced with the facts , and faced with finding real concrete proof ... 2 plus 2 equals 4 , no matter how many times you add it up . " Believing in the end offers power to the dispossessed , he adds : " -LSB- If -RSB- there 's this level of feeling of insignificance , what 's the greatest equalizer in the world ? The end of the world . " iReporter : "  2012 " good , not great Sometimes , the fixation can lead to tragedy . In 1995 , members of the Japanese group Aum Shinrikyo released sarin nerve gas into the Tokyo subway system , killing 12 people . Two years later , members of the Heaven 's Gate cult committed suicide in the belief that a spaceship was going to come and take them off earth . And many terrorists and agitators subscribe to end-times beliefs , with hope that their provocations can lead to apocalypse . Still , as optimists are fond of pointing out , "  apocalypse " does n't mean end , but is Greek for "  revelation " -- an unveiling of truth . In that respect , says Hotsenpiller , a concern about the end can lead to a desire to fix things : hope that we , as humans , can make a positive impact . "  All of us deep down know that something 's wrong with the world and with us as people , " he says . "  There is something wired into us , or placed in there by God , that says , ` Every one of you is going to have to deal with the issues that ... are n't right in your life . ' That does n't have to be a negative . It can be a positive . It can be where I come to grips with who I am as a person , with who I am before God , and I make some changes . " And for those who are still convinced that 2012 means the collapse of civilization , Hankoff -- who does n't buy it for a minute  though he ca n't wait to see the movie  -- is pleased to offer a solution . "  I want everybody that believes that 2012 is going to happen to send me their stuff , " he says . "  And if you get mad at me for saying that 2012 is totally insane , you can send me an apology on December 22 , 2012 -- which is a Saturday , by the way -- because I 'm still going to be here . "	Movies about end of the world particularly present in recent times Professor : One reason could be faster social and technological change Producer : People love adrenaline , and end-of-the-world scenarios provide it But "  end of the world " is more likely a wake-up call for people to fix their lives , pastor says
San Francisco  CNN  -- It 's been a long time since the Bay Area 's cuisine was defined by sourdough and Rice-A-Roni . Ever since Alice Waters ' renowned restaurant Chez Panisse opened in Berkeley and ushered in the local food revolution , the region has become home to a growing tribe of foodies , locavores , chef groupies and ecstatic eaters that I call "  foodhemians . " They do n't just just worship food here , they raise grass-fed golden calves , humanely slaughter them and serve them with a side of precious . There are a million reasons why food is big in the Bay . Here are three : 1 . The high concentration of wealthy , health-conscious people . 2 . A long tradition of epicureanism rooted in San Francisco 's identity as a port town . But the big one is 3 . Location . Northern California is a land of abundance from its wide variety of fruits and vegetables , courtesy of the Mediterranean climate , to its dungeness crabs crawling on the ocean floor . Now imagine if the foodhemians discovered that all of those foodstuffs were free . That all they need to do is know where to look . They have . Foraging is all the rage in the Bay these days . Part of foraging 's appeal is its elegance : Find wild things that you can eat , collect them and put them in your stomach . But things like private property , naturally occurring poisons and pollutants complicate what in theory is a simple project . So a paradox was born : organizations that help you get wild . Found Fruit and Forage Oakland are two groups that offer foraging-related events . What 's wrong with Stockholm The 60-year-old Mycological Society of San Francisco  read : "  mushroom people "  meets monthly and organizes occasional walks , but the most comprehensive foraging group in the Bay is ForageSF . Of course , you can also just buy a plant identification book and take a walk . I decided to spend $ 40 and go on a sea forage with Kirk Lombard , fisherman and raconteur . His sea foraging tour , offered through ForageSF , was recently named "  Best Walking Tour " in San Francisco .  He also offers variations on the foraging tour that you can learn about at his website . Kirk is a former catch monitor for the California Department of Fish and Game , and , as my girlfriend pointed out , the only person under 70 who can wear a small brown fedora without looking like a tool . Kirk is a commercial fisherman by trade , but he also teaches landlubbers how to identify edible seaweeds , find shellfish and catch sea creatures without a rod and reel . "  Everyone says the Bay is dead , the result of urban apocalypse and that 's bulls ** t , " says Kirk while shoving squid into a little contraption that he 'll use to catch crabs . We are standing on St. Francis Jetty looking out at the Golden Gate Bridge and the sun has not yet overtaken the moon in the sky . Kirk 's an entertainer as well as a fisherman . His grandparents and parents were vaudevillians and actors on Broadway , but Kirk 's shtick -- and it is a bit of a shtick -- is the ocean . Specifically , extracting creatures from it without a boat . His signature fishing method involves poking around for fish with a pole that has a six-inch line and a baited hook at the end . A practice that 's aptly named "  poke poling . " "  One day I was casting into the water all day and getting nothing . I 'd lost 60 bucks of tackle and was utterly defeated when I saw this guy walk by with a pole and bucket overflowing with fish . I thought ` no freaking way , ' Kirk said . "  I asked him what his secret was and he said ` Everyone fishes out there , ' pointing to the water , ` but the fish are right here , ' pointing to the rocky coast . " Istria is not the new Tuscany The guy called himself ` Cambodian Stan . ' He let Kirk follow him for three days until he got the swing of things . Now the poke pole is a permanent part of Kirk 's repertoire . The rest of his repertoire revolves around his encyclopedic knowledge of the creatures that live in and around the Bay . The goose barnacles , the mussels , the crabs , the rockfish . The herring , the salmon , the sardines , the eel . Especially the eel . Kirk holds the California state record for catching the largest monkey-faced eel . We had our backs turned to the city the entire tour . Which was kind of the point . San Francisco 's vast cultural and architectural riches can sometimes reduce the Bay to blue embroidery around the bottom of a window , but the sea-foraging expedition reasserts the water to its rightful place at the center of things . Which , ultimately , might be the biggest benefit of Kirk 's tour . Because the truth is , it 's not advisable to eat anything caught east of the Golden Gate bridge . The water is too polluted . Kirk 's methods are intended to be applied mostly up north in Marin County or south of San Francisco in Half Moon Bay . If a traveler really wants to eat fresh-caught fish and foraged goodies in San Francisco , the best place to go is one of ForageSF 's wild foods dinners . Founded in 2008 by Iso Rabins , a young bearded guy whose knack for identifying wild foodstuffs is matched only by his knack for entrepreneurship , ForageSF calls itself a "  wild foods community , " which means they do n't just gather and distribute wild foods , they also teach classes , hold market events and host wild kitchen dinners -- a roving monthly dinner party that pops up on boats and lofts around the city . Unlike a mushroom in the woods , ForageSF activities are n't free . Wild food walks are $ 30 and the underground meals are $ 90 a person , although they do reserve $ 40 seats for those who ca n't afford to pay full price . The dinner I attended was held on the top floor of a nondescript building in San Francisco 's part-trendy , part-sketchy SOMA neighborhood . A lone woman stood at the entrance discreetly taking tickets . As my girlfriend and I made our way up the stairs , we could hear the clink and laughter hum of revelry . The questionable legality of these gatherings gives them a mischievous charge as do the nontraditional settings . When we finally arrived on our floor and turned the corner we found ourselves in a room the size of a city block with two tables filled with 40 people each and an exposed clawfoot tub replete with functional plumbing and a guitar pick of soap resting on the drain . The crowd was n't just the beards and tasteful tattoos you might expect . There were Dockers and dresses . High heels and sneakers . Wrinkles and pimples . The woman across from me worked at a bank . The woman sitting to my left was a grade school principal from a small town an hour south . Our volunteer waitress was a scientist . Here are the things we put in our stomachs : wild porcini escargot , braised octopus with wild nettle salsa verde , wild boar scotch quail egg with champagne fris  e , black cod with morel duxelles and wild New Zealand spinach , wild nettle and heirloom tomato tart , summer bean and fingerling potato salad with wild grape verjus , lemon curd with wild elderberry cream and fennel pollen sugar . That 's a lot of wild . It was delicious . It sounds pretentious . But when you learn that the escargot were found in yards around San Francisco and that the New Zealand spinach grows wild everywhere and that the morels , mushrooms and grapes were picked for free , and that the fish was line caught nearby and the boar was hunted and killed in the wild by the chef , even the skeptics have to admit it 's a pretty neat feat no matter how much words like "  verjus "  still do n't know what it means  get your  factory-farmed  goat . Oh , and everything was local , organic and sustainable , but that 's beside the point , even if , for some , it was the point . By the end of the meal the room was rumbling with pleasure . Wine was shared . Chatter chatted . It was exactly the sort of thing you think you 're missing out on when you read about San Francisco and you 're not there . At this point in the night my notes got wobbly . The last thing I wrote down was , " ` Blue Moon ' is playing . Old people next to me smiling , obviously in love . Yes , America 's economy is in trouble , but yes America is amazing . "	Foraging for local food is gaining popularity in San Francisco Various groups offer foraging tours for the uninitiated ForageSF puts on dinner parties teeming with wild foods
Mashable  -- It seems that yet another member of the animal kingdom has taken a liking to the iPad -- dolphins . Cats love it and dogs are n't so sure , but apparently a bottlenose dolphin named Merlin is now an iPad enthusiast . Researcher Jack Kassewitz of SpeakDolphin is working on using the Apple tablet device as a language interface for marine mammals . "  We think that once the dolphins get the hang of the touch screen , we can let them choose from a wide assortment of symbols to represent objects , actions and even emotions , " Kassewitz said of the project . "  Merlin is quite curious , like most dolphins , and he showed complete willingness to examine the iPad . " The young two-year-old Merlin  not the first two-year-old to enjoy the device !  is reportedly able to use his snout to touch photos of objects on the iPad 's touchscreen after being shown their real-world counterparts . "  This is an easy task for a dolphin , but it is a necessary building block towards our goal of a complete language interface between humans and dolphins , " said Kassewitz . What do you think of the latest member of kingdom Animalia becoming a fan of the iPad ? Do you think he 'll be upset by AT&T 's new data plan pricing ?  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A bottlenose dolphin named Merlin is now an iPad enthusiast A researcher is working on using the tablet as a language interface for marine mammals Merlin reportedly uses his snout to touch photos of objects on the iPad
CNN  -- Should zombies rise up someday soon and take over the world because of an unidentified plague or virus that 's caused the collapse of modern society as we know it , how would you react ? Such is the fundamental question of AMC 's widely successful show "  The Walking Dead , " which returns this Sunday for its second season . Based on Robert Kirkman 's comic book , the series is one of the more odd yet complex dramas on television today . At its core , it 's about survival and the psychological stress that spending every waking moment together has on a small group . But that could be said about all human beings in that surviving the world is something we do on a daily basis ; the trick with "  The Walking Dead " is that a pack of ravenous zombies could be lurking around the corner , ready to make you into dinner . Viewers are consistently presented with questions of morality , instinct and terror , where plots are less about discovery -- there 's no race for the cure -- and more about the struggle to exist . CNN checked in with "  The Walking Dead " showrunner/executive producer Glen Mazzara to see what 's in store for season two , how the show finds its storytelling voice and just how they get that authentic zombie feel . CNN : On average , how much are you thinking about zombies each day ? Mazzara : All of them . I wake up thinking about zombies . How do I keep them scary ? What 's new , what 's different , what 's fun that we can do with zombies ? CNN : How did this show become so popular on just a six-episode first season ? What 's the appeal ? Mazzara : It 's visceral . There 's an immediacy for anyone watching it , where they think , "  what would I do ? " People buy into the idea that a plague could wipe out things . We 've seen that , and it 's in the zeitgeist now . It 's playing on the everyman level where it 's about the survivors and not about what happened to the collapse of government or infrastructure . You get in the car , and it runs out of gas , and then what ? Meanwhile , you 're being chased by zombies . CNN : Remember the swine flu ? That was a legit panic . Mazzara : Yeah . It 's like when you 're watching a horror movie and the people move into a haunted house . And you 're wondering , why did n't think just move out ? Everything our survivors are doing , hopefully , strikes people as realistic . They 're making decisions that ordinary people would make . And none of those decisions have very good consequences . CNN : There 's also weird psychological dynamics between the characters where they have to get along while also ensuring that they survive , they want to survive , and everyone around them survives too , because as far as they know , they 're it . Mazzara : Right . Our characters are definitely flawed . But they 're stuck together because , hopefully , there 's survival in numbers . It 's an interesting dynamic that we 're going to play out all season where people are deciding , are they better off with the group or without ? CNN : In a few of the articles that have come out , you mention the desire to showcase your own storytelling voice . What would that entail , exactly , for the viewer ? Mazzara : Part of what I hope to do this season is really focus on the character of Rick and his questions of leadership . Taking over a successful show , I 'm facing my own questions of leadership , so that 's easy to write . But I feel that the work I 've done in the past , especially on "  The Shield , " where it was a very surprising , violent show , yet grounded work -- that 's something I 'm trying to bring to this piece as well . Because it 's a heightened reality , one where people are being chased by zombies , you have to be careful not to tip that line where it becomes unrealistic . You have to be grounded , and that 's something we worked very hard on "  The Shield " to achieve . At the same time , it ca n't be bleak . It has to be hopeful . Otherwise , it becomes too depressing . The show this year has a lot of heart . It is about the moments of personal heartbreak between the characters ; it 's something I 'm excited about and the other writers have bought into . It 's something we see as an important part of the season . CNN : For viewers , there 's always this idea that a "  walker " could appear and eat your face . How do you develop characters that are more than just "  scared " but also still keep the viewer psychologically afraid ? Mazzara : Our characters do deal with it in different ways . Some do lose hope ; some have a sense of humor ; some rise to the challenge ; some develop in a way that they could n't in the pre-apocalyptic world . For example , Glenn or Andrea , when she comes into her own this season . They have new roles or opportunities available to them before the zombies took over . We 're trying to explore it in a lot of different ways , where it 's individual to each character . CNN : Back to the zombies : Are there certain guidelines the actors have to follow to get that "  authentic zombie feel " ? Mazzara : Greg Nicotero is our zombie king . He actually runs a zombie school , where he brings in extras and actors , where he teaches them all about zombies . Depending on how they do , he positions them in the shot . The better zombies get more makeup and are more up-front . Those zombies who are not as scary , they 're more in the back of the shots or the edge of the frames . What 's great about Greg is when the writers have questions like "  would a zombie do this ? " and we call Greg and talk through a lot of zombie science and zombie law . He 's our resident expert . CNN : Obviously they 're hideous , but they all have a different lurch . Mazzara : Yeah , I think that 's how Greg is working with them . He spends a lot of time making sure each zombie can be featured . Also , if you think about it , every zombie is an individual who died . You want to make them individual . CNN : As the show evolves over season two , what are some of the larger thematic issues you see playing out ? Mazzara : Rick 's dilemma of trying to lead his group to a save haven and the romantic triangle between Lori , Shane and Rick . That really complicates life as everyone wrestles with what they know , what they think they know and what they do n't know . And a question we want to handle is , what is life like for the children in this world ? Do they represent hope , or are they just fodder for the zombies ? That 's the question : How much hope is there ? We have a lot of themes we 're juggling every episode . CNN : You take out the phrase "  post-apocalyptic zombie wasteland , " and much of it could be applied to what 's going on today . Mazzara : That 's the whole trick . That 's something that sometimes our character 's step back from the horror , and they realize that . How things have changed . Has there been any guarantee of hope and survival ? Has it all been just an illusion ? Is this the real world , where we 're just in the doorway between life and death ? It 's interesting , and this is what we want to see our characters wrestle with . Our show revolves around character ; it does n't rely on revelation . No one knows why the zombies took over , but it 's not about finding the cure . It 's about staying alive and figuring out what to do . Our concerns are immediate . Season two of "  The Walking Dead " premieres Sunday night at 9 p.m. EST on AMC .	Glen Mazzara is executive producer and showrunner for "  The Walking Dead " The popular serires returns Sunday night for its second season Mazzara says he is constantly thinking about zombies in his spare time He offers insights into how the show comes together
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- CIA operatives are providing intelligence from Libya , where opposition forces are on the run and the defiant government suffered the embarrassing defection of its foreign minister Wednesday . The NATO-led coalition , which is enforcing a no-fly zone and protecting civilians from the intense fighting , got no help from the weather in its ongoing efforts to protect the fragile opposition movement . "  The weather conditions did not allow close combat support by aircraft in the last couple of days , " said Republican U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence . Moammar Gadhafi 's government , for its part , kept up the war of words . State-run Libyan TV late Wednesday quoted a military source as saying a "  civilian location was shelled tonight in the city of Tripoli by the colonizing crusader aggression . " Amid debate on whether the allies will arm the retreating and undertrained rebels , a U.S. intelligence source told CNN the CIA is in the country to increase the "  military and political understanding " of the situation . "  Yes , we are gathering intel firsthand and we are in contact with some opposition entities , " said the source . The White House refused to comment on a Reuters report that President Barack Obama has signed a secret order authorizing covert U.S. government support for rebel troops . "  I will reiterate what the president said yesterday -- no decision has been made about providing arms to the opposition or to any group in Libya , " said White House press secretary Jay Carney in a statement . "  We 're not ruling it out or ruling it in . We 're assessing and reviewing options for all types of assistance that we could provide to the Libyan people , and have consulted directly with the opposition and our international partners about these matters . " According to the Reuters report , Obama signed the covert aid order , or "  finding , " within the past few weeks . Such findings are required for the CIA to conduct secret operations , the report said . A U.S. official not authorized to speak publicly could not confirm the finding , but noted when there are crises like this , "  you look at all instruments of national power . " In early March , a U.S. official told CNN "  the intelligence community is aggressively pursuing information on the ground " in Libya . British Prime Minister David Cameron told the House of Commons that he has not ruled out arming the Libyan opposition , but added that Britain has not made the decision to do so . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton provided classified briefings to House and Senate members who asked whether the United States intended to arm the rebels , participants told CNN . Clinton and Gates made clear that no decision had been made , and Congress members from both parties said they believed it would be a bad idea , according to participants . Regarding the committing of U.S. forces to the U.N.-backed operation , the White House has said Obama acted within his authority under the War Powers Act . It notes that the president and other officials consulted congressional leaders several times in the run-up to the March 19 deployment of U.S. forces to the U.N.-authorized Libya mission . Clinton told members of Congress the administration acted within the requirements of the War Powers Act and needed no authorization for further decisions on the mission , lawmakers said . The opposition got a boost Wednesday with news that Libyan Foreign Minister Moussa Koussa willingly traveled to London and told the government there that he has resigned , the United Kingdom Foreign Office said . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , who has been reporting from Libya for several weeks , said that Koussa 's departure is a significant blow , but not a critical loss to the regime . A Foreign Office spokesperson said Koussa was one of the most senior figures in Gadhafi 's government "  and his role was to represent the regime internationally -- something that he is no longer willing to do . " The department provided no other details on the surprise move . CNN 's Nic Robertson , who previously met with Koussa , said the former head of intelligence once was a stalwart defender of the government . The Senate 's Rogers called Moussa 's defection "  huge news . " Libya 's opposition said its fighters are executing a "  tactical withdrawal " from a swath of territory they once controlled , a move that comes as Gadhafi 's forces relentlessly pound them . Col. Ahmed Bani , speaking at a news conference in the opposition capital of Benghazi on Wednesday , said his forces are being outgunned by the superior military power of loyalists , spared the wrath of coalition airstrikes . They have been pushed eastward over the last two days after CNN reported on Sunday that rebels took Brega , Ras Lanuf and Bin Jawad and reached a town just east of Sirte . Rebel forces have now lost Bin Jawad and the key oil town of Ras Lanuf and are backed up to the Brega area , Bani said . Ajdabiya , which is east of Brega , will be prepared as a "  defense point " if the withdrawal continues farther east , he said . CNN 's Wedeman said the rebels continue to have no effective command and control . Bani called on the international community to supply opposition fighters with better and more powerful weapons to hold off the Gadhafi forces . He said the opposition was open to foreign troops training rebel fighters . Bani asked for tanks , heavy artillery and communications and logistics equipment . The rebels have been demanding an end to Gadhafi 's almost 42-year rule in Libya , but they have been facing "  sustained attacks in the face of the coalition bombing " in Misrata , Ras Lanuf , and Bin Jawad , Robertson reported . In an address to the House of Commons in London on Wednesday , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said that "  regime forces have intensified their attacks , driving back opposition forces from ground they had taken in recent days . " He cited the violence in the western town of Misrata . "  Misrata also came under heavy attack yesterday , with further loss of civilian life , including children , from mortars , sniper fire and attacks on all sides from regime tanks and personnel carriers , " Hague said . In the outskirts of Ajdabiya -- which was recently taken over by opposition forces -- Gadhafi 's regime planted several dozen land mines , Human Rights Watch said in a statement Wednesday . "  Given the pedestrian and vehicular traffic in the area , the mines were clearly laid while government forces were in Ajdabiya , " the group said . Human Rights Watch also said 370 people are missing in the eastern part of the country , with some suspected to be in government custody . That list includes rebel fighters and civilians , including doctors , the group said . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Dana Bash , Pam Benson and Nic Robertson contributed to this report	Weather prevents new coalition airstrikes CIA operating in Libya , in contact with opposition , source says Libyan foreign minister quits , U.K. says Opposition says it is carrying out "  tactical withdrawal "
CNN  -- The Olympic Games have produced some of the greatest sports moments in history . And to go along with the great moments , there are often great photos : images that craft our memory of these moments . Click through the gallery above to see some classic Olympic photos and read about why they 're great  be sure to toggle the hide/show caption button to see each frame in its entirety  . Then put your own photo skills to the test with CNN iReport 's sports photography master class . Also visit CNN 's photo blog for more great Olympic shots , and check out our check out our tips for capturing great sports photos of your own .	Sports photographers will descend on London for the 2012 Olympics Click through the gallery above to see some classic photos from Olympics past Put yourself to the test with CNN iReport 's sports photography master class Need more ideas ? Check out sports photography tips from experts
CNN  -- Robbie Parker has a message for the family of the gunman who killed his 6-year-old daughter and 19 of her school mates . "  I ca n't imagine how hard this experience must be for you , and I want you to know that our family and our love and our support goes out to you as well , " Parker said , as he remembered his oldest girl , Emilie Alice . Emilie died Friday at the hands of a gunman who opened fire at her elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , in the second deadliest school shooting in U.S. history . The attack killed 20 children , between the ages of 6 and 7 , and six faculty members at Sandy Hook Elementary School , before the suspect apparently committed suicide . Earlier , the man allegedly killed his mother , bringing to 27 the number of lives he took . Fighting back tears with his voice cracking , Parker asked Saturday night that the tragedy "  not turn into something that defines us , but something that inspires us to be better , to be more compassionate and more humble people . " Remembering the victims Parker 's comments came amid a public mourning in this southern New England town of 27,000 , where residents have been trying to make sense of the shooting . Many of the victims ' parents asked for privacy as they grieve . But Parker , 30 , stepped forward to talk about Emilie . He moved his family from Utah to Connecticut eight months ago after accepting a job as a physician 's assistant in the newborn unit at Danbury Hospital . That 's where he was when he got word of the shooting -- in a telephone call from his wife . Parker , though , was unable to leave the hospital , which went into lockdown as a precaution over the school shooting . "  It went from ... ' I ca n't imagine this is happening . This has to be some sort of a mistake , ' " Parker said . "  I did n't think it was that big of a deal at first . I thought with the first reports that were coming in it did n't sound like it was going to be as tragic as it was . " When the lockdown was lifted , Parker raced to a firehouse near the school where parents were gathering to wait for news of their children . How you can help There , a photographer captured a photo of an agonized Parker and his sobbing wife , Alissa , as they left the firehouse , presumably after discovering their daughter was among the casualties . On Saturday , Parker vacillated between present and past tense as he talked about his daughter , struggling to come to terms with Emilie 's killing . "  My daugher Emilie would be one of the first ones to be standing up and giving her love and support to all of those victims , because that is the type of person she is , " he said . She was "  an exceptional artist and she always carried around her markers and pencils so she never missed an opportunity to draw a picture or make a card for someone . " He recounted how his daughter slipped one of her cards in the casket at the funeral of her grandfather , who died in October in an accident . She was the oldest of three girls , and helped one sister learn to read and helped the youngest to do crafts . "  She was their best friend , " he said . Emilie 's "  laughter was infectious , " he said . "  This world is a better place because she has been in it . " The outpouring of grief from people around the world has overwhelmed the family . Thousands who never met the girl are mourning her on Facebook after friends of the Parker family established the Emilie Parker Fund page . What started out as an effort to help the family raise money to take Emilie 's body back to Utah for burial has become an online spot for thousands to mourn . Share your tributes On the Facebook page , the 6-year-old smiles back with a wide smile and twinkling blue eyes . "  Dear Parker family , thank you for the love and forgiveness you have shown . Our hearts were all broken yesterday as we learned of this tragedy , " wrote one person . Many posting on the page offered prayers of support and condolences to the family . Parker told reporters on Saturday that he and his wife were still trying to come to terms with the enormity of the loss . "  I do n't know how to get through something like this , how to process something like this and get our lives going , " he said . On Emilie 's last day , she and her father spoke Portuguese , a language he was teaching her . "  She told me good morning . She asked me how I was doing . I told her I was doing well , " he said . "  I gave her a kiss and told her I loved her , and I was out the door . " He left for work . And then she for school . Complete coverage	Emilie Parker , 6 , was killed Friday at Sandy Hook Elementary School Her father , Robbie Parker , delivers a message for the shooter 's family "  I ca n't imagine how hard this experience must be for you , " he says The family is raising money to take Emilie 's body to be buried in Utah
CNN  -- One of the Disney stars is set to play the late singer Aaliyah in an upcoming television movie . Variety reports that Zendaya has been cast as the singer in a Lifetime movie to be based on the book "  Aaliyah : More Than a Woman " by former Time magazine music editor Christopher Farley . The singer , born Aaliyah Dana Haughton , died in a 2001 plane crash in the Bahamas , along with the pilot and members of her video crew . She was 22 . Zendaya , who like the late singer also performs using just her first name , is well-known for co-starring on the Disney Network series "  Shake it Up ! " and appeared as a contestant on "  Dancing With the Stars " in 2013 . The 17-year old , who will reportedly record four songs for the project , tweeted her excitement . "  She 's been an inspiration and influence in my whole career , her talent still shines brighter  than  ever , all I wan na do is honor her , " the Disney star tweeted about being cast . "  Show how much she accomplished in only 22 years ... she 's beautiful inside and there will never be another Aaliyah , I just hope to share her beautiful story , and make her proud up in heaven #babygirl #forever #OneInAMillion . " Aaliyah was known to friends and fans as "  Baby Girl . " "  One in a Million " was one of her hit songs . Not everyone appears thrilled with the casting of the teenager , whose full name is Zendaya Coleman . One fan tweeted , "  I 'm a huge Aaliyah fan . I do NOT want Zendaya Coleman playing Aaliyah in a upcoming movie , " while another said , "  Zendaya does n't even resemble aaliyah what is this foolishness . " TheYBF.com spoke with the film 's casting director , Twinkie Byrd , about some of the fans ' complaints , including a concern that a biracial actress should not be playing the African-American singer . According to her bio on IMDB.com Coleman 's father is African-American , and her mother is of German , Irish and English ancestry . "  Zendaya embodies everything you want in a actress to play Aaliyah , " the site quotes him as saying . "  She is a poised , professional , strong actress  studied at California Shakespeare Theater and American Conservatory Theater  . A triple threat actor , singer dancer . She loves Aaliyah and will do a wonderful job ! She is of mixed ethnicity . Her name is Bantu  Zimbabwe  meaning ` To Give Thanks . ' Let 's not hate on it but congratulate ! She is a great choice ! "	Zendaya will play the late singer in a Lifetime movie , report says Zendaya was also a contestant on "  Dancing With the Stars " But some Aaliyah fans are not pleased by her casting
CNN  -- This week 's shooting death and subsequent dragging of a black man in South Carolina are being investigated as a possible hate crime , the Newberry County Sheriff 's Office said Friday . Sheriff Lee Foster said the body of 30-year-old Anthony Hill was found early Wednesday on a road near an elementary school in the town of Pomaria , 35 miles west-northwest of Columbia . Hill had a single gun shot wound to the head , his body was nearly nude and a rope was around his neck and upper torso , Foster said . Foster said Hill 's body -- which carried no identification -- was found around 4:30 a.m. Wednesday by a motorist , who called 911 . Officers followed a trail of blood and human tissue nine miles to the trailer park where Hill 's co-worker Gregory Collins lives , surrounded his trailer for nearly four hours and finally resorted to tear gas , Foster said . "  He came outside and gave himself up , " Foster added . Collins , 19 , who is white , is charged with murder . Both men worked in Newberry at the Louis Rich turkey processing plant , said Foster . "  They did know each other ; they worked in the same industry , on the same shift but different divisions , " said Foster . "  Neighbors told us the two spent most of the day together Tuesday . They were seen on a porch drinking together . " Hill , an Army veteran who lived in the neighboring county of Fairfield , was estranged from his wife and had two children , Foster said . Investigators have not concluded that the killing is a hate crime , but are looking at it as one , according to Foster . "  We called the FBI out of an abundance of caution , " he said . "  We have no motive whatsoever as to why these two gentlemen would have been together , then one shoots the other in the head and drags him down the road . It 's a horrific act of violence . " Collins , who is being held in the Newberry County Detention Center , has been assigned a public defender . Funeral arrangements are pending .	Both men worked in a turkey processing plant 30-year-old Anthony Hill 's near-nude body found on South Carolina road Rope around neck and upper torso Officers follow trail of blood and human tissue to suspect 's house
A billionaire who jointly controlled Asia 's biggest property development company and a man who was once Hong Kong 's second-ranked official were sentenced to prison for conspiracy to commit misconduct in one of the city 's most significant corruption trials . Tycoon Thomas Kwok received a five year sentence Tuesday , and former chief secretary Rafael Hui got seven and a half years , after having been found guilty by a Hong Kong high court jury last week . Kwok was also ordered to pay a $ 64,453 fine and $ 1.6 million in costs to the prosecution , while Hui was ordered to pay the Hong Kong government $ 1.4 million , equivalent to the amount of bribes taken . The main question during their trial was whether Kwok and his younger brother , Raymond Kwok , had bought the allegiance of Hui when he was in public office , in offenses spanning nearly a decade . The brothers , ranked 86th on the 2014 Forbes list of the world 's richest people , were co-chairs of the developer giant Sun Hung Kai , which is responsible for many of Hong Kong 's most iconic skyscrapers . The jury found the older Kwok , 63 , guilty of the charge of conspiracy to commit misconduct , for having bribed Hui between 2005 and 2007 . Raymond Kwok was cleared of all charges . In Hong Kong , the maximum penalty for misconduct and conspiracy for misconduct is seven years in prison and an unlimited fine . In passing sentence , Judge Andrew Macrae said he had discounted a year of imprisonment from Kwok 's sentence to reflect his philanthropic work . Kwok is also prohibited from serving as director of a company for five years . Last week , he resigned from his position at Sun Hung Kai , and his son , Adam Kwok , was named the company 's next executive director . In a sentencing hearing Monday , Kwok 's lawyer Clare Montgomery said her client was a man of good character with no previous convictions . She added that the conspiracy to commit misconduct charge related only to a short period of time and the court could not say whether or not he was the leader of that conspiracy . Montgomery also added that imprisonment would be a burden on his wife and his 86-year-old mother , who is in poor health . Ex-city official convicted Hui , 66 , is the highest-ranking former official to be tried in Hong Kong . The court looked into whether Hui received monetary and housing benefits from the Kwoks in return for government decisions favorable to the company . The charges related to accepting rent-free apartments , unsecured loans and a consultancy agreement with the property company . The jury found him guilty on three counts of misconduct in a public office , conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office and conspiracy to offer an advantage to a public servant . Judge Macrae said that , as the instigator of the corruption , Hui should receive the harsher sentence . The judge said that , had he not committed the offending , Hui may have been the finest chief secretary in the territory 's recent history . He said the offending did nothing to dispel the perception in Hong Kong that government and business leaders were "  cozying up . " The jury also found Thomas Chan , who was responsible for land acquisition at the company and Francis Kwan , a former Hong Kong Stock Exchange official , guilty of making a series of payments to Hui . During the sentencing hearing yesterday , Hui 's defence lawyer Edwin Choy read out a mitigation letter from the former chief executive of Hong Kong , Donald Tsang . In his letter , Tsang said : "  I was devastated when the jury found him guilty . " The former leader of Hong Kong described Hui as an "  extraordinary " and "  outstanding person " . He also called on the judge to take into account Hui 's contribution to the city 's economy , including his role in protecting Hong Kong during the Asian financial crisis in 1997 . The case caused a media frenzy in the city , where real estate is a local obsession . Sun Hung Kai , which helped to build some of the tallest buildings in the city 's celebrated skyline , contributed to the Kwok brothers ' estimated $ 18.3 billion fortune . Hong Kong , a special administrative region of China , is considered to be one of the world 's least corrupt territories . According to Transparency International 's 2013 Corruptions Perceptions Index , Hong Kong is the 15th least corrupt territory in the world -- with the United States , by comparison , ranked 19th .	Billionaire Thomas Kwok sentenced to five years on misconduct charge Hong Kong 's former No. 2 official sentenced to seven and a half years Rafael Hui , 66 , is the highest-ranking former official to be tried in Hong Kong Property tycoon 's brother acquitted by jury
The "  Blackfish " controversy that torpedoed SeaWorld 's Orlando concert series has now sunk some shows at Busch Gardens Tampa . "  We regret to announce that the Beach Boys and Pat Benatar and Neil Giraldo have canceled their performances at Bands , Brew & BBQ this year , but we respect their decision , " a Busch Gardens Tampa spokesman said Thursday . "  We 're disappointed that there is a media controversy enacted by animal activists and based on misinformation . " Busch Gardens Tampa is owned by SeaWorld Parks and Entertainment , which has been targeted by animal rights activists since the airing of the documentary "  Blackfish " on CNN last October . A long list of musical acts have canceled shows that were scheduled as part of SeaWorld 's "  Bands , Blues & BBQ " in February and March . Benatar said in a statement to CNN that she canceled her February 22 show once she realized that Busch Gardens was affiliated with SeaWorld . "  In light of this we have opted to cancel our February 22 , 2014 , performance at Busch Gardens in Tampa . " The Beach Boys issued a short statement : "  The Beach Boys have cancelled their performance on February 15 , 2014 . The band regrets any inconvenience this may have caused their fans and they look forward to returning to Tampa soon . " ` Blackfish ' backlash The entertainers ' exodus from SeaWorld 's calendar began soon after CNN broadcast the documentary "  Blackfish " in October . The film tells the story of the killing of a SeaWorld trainer by an orca in 2010 . It raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity . Online petitions and social media postings targeted the acts who had signed on to play at the park . Acts that have canceled SeaWorld shows include Trace Adkins , Trisha Yearwood , Willie Nelson , Cheap Trick , Heart , Barenaked Ladies , Martina McBride and 38 Special . Only Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery remain from the original list of acts on the event calendar . Their representatives have not responded to CNN 's repeated requests for comment . The Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies was the first to cancel , reacting to a petition posted on Change.org . "  This is a complicated issue , and we do n't claim to understand all of it , but we do n't feel comfortable proceeding with the gig at this time , " the band said on its Facebook page . "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " Willie Nelson said on December 6 when he canceled . "  It was n't that hard a deal for me . " Sisters Nancy and Ann Wilson of Heart did not elaborate last month when they announced their decision to cancel at SeaWorld , although they acknowledged it was "  due to the controversial documentary film . " SeaWorld 's defense SeaWorld said it would like the musical artists to learn for themselves about SeaWorld . "  The bands and artists have a standing invitation to visit any of our parks to see firsthand or to speak to any of our animal experts to learn for themselves how we care for animals and how little truth there is to the allegations made by animal extremist groups opposed to the zoological display of marine mammals , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and research . "  More than 11 million people a year visit SeaWorld parks and most will see a killer whale presentation during their visit , " Gollattscheck said . "  Over the course of our 50-year history hundreds of millions of people have experienced killer whales in our parks . There is tremendous appeal in that kind of inspirational and educational experience and we anticipate that killer whale display will continue for generations to come . " Thursday 's announcement is the first word of cancellations at affiliated parks . The controversy did not appear to dampen the profits of the parent company . Propelled by fourth-quarter attendance , SeaWorld expects an estimated $ 1.46 billion in revenue for fiscal year 2013 , the company announced Monday . The results , while preliminary , are expected to be a record for the 50-year-old company . SeaWorld reported total revenue in 2012 of $ 1.42 billion , according to SEC filings . Strong attendance numbers at its flagship locations in Orlando , Florida , San Diego , California , and San Antonio , Texas , among others , helped boost the marine park 's gains . "  We are very pleased with our fourth quarter performance , particularly for the SeaWorld-branded parks in Orlando and San Diego , which helped us to achieve record revenue for the year , " said SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. . President and CEO Jim Atchison in a news release .	Beach Boys , Pat Benatar and Neil Giraldo cancel Busch Gardens Tampa shows Benatar said she canceled after realizing Busch Gardens affiliated with SeaWorld The controversy is "  based on misinformation , " Busch Gardens says CNN 's "  Blackfish " documentary focused on SeaWorld 's treatment of orcas
EW.com  -- Now Shailene Woodley can pursue that film career fulltime : ABC Family has decided not to renew the five-year-old "  The Secret Life of the American Teenager " for another season . The drama from Brenda Hampton  "  7th Heaven "  will air the first of its final 12 episodes beginning in March , according to Deadline . "  Teenager " not only served as a springboard for the Golden Globe-nominated Woodley  $ " who starred in "  The Descendants " opposite George Clooney  $ " but served as a beacon of light for the Down Syndrome community because it cast Luke Zimmerman as Tom , the high-functioning son of Kathleen  Josie Bissett  . ` Community ' : What we 'll see  soon ? The drama that addressed teen pregnancy first bowed in 2008 . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	ABC Family has decided not to renew "  The Secret Life of the American Teenager " The drama will air the first of its final 12 episodes beginning in March "  Teenager " served as a springboard for Golden Globe-nominated Woodley
Moscow  CNN  -- A Moscow high school student shot a teacher and a police officer dead and held about 20 other pupils hostage in a classroom Monday before he was disarmed and detained , Russian authorities said , just days before Russia hosts the Winter Olympics . In a rare school shooting in Russia , the attacker entered his school in northern Moscow with a rifle and held students and a teacher hostage in a biology classroom , the Investigative Committee of Russia said . The incident , at School No. 263 , happened around noon local time when the armed student forced his way past a security guard , who raised an alarm . "  On his way to the class the shooter injured one of the teachers who died later , " said the committee , Russia 's federal intelligence agency . "  The police officers arrived to the school . When they entered the building the shooter opened a gun fire , injured one and killed another . " All of the hostages were released and the gunman was detained , it added . State media said there were about 20 students in the classroom . The incident comes as Russia prepares to host the Winter Olympic Games , due to start in Sochi this week . Motive unclear State news agency RIA Novosti said it was unclear what motivated the attack . State news channel Russia 24 said the student is said to have had an issue with a geography teacher . This was not the teacher who was shot or who was among the hostages , it said . He is also said to have been an "  A " student , state media reported , adding that his apartment is being searched by investigators . Television footage showed the school building surrounded by police and fire emergency vehicles . An Emergencies Ministry helicopter landed near the school and evacuated the injured police officer , Russia 24 said . The media outlets said the student had a small-bore rifle and a hunting carbine , which were registered under his father 's name . They reported he is said to have fired 11 times . His father called him and spoke to him for 15 minutes to try to convince him to release his hostages . The father then went to the school and talked to the student in the classroom . Only then did he agree to release his hostages , state media said . CNN could not immediately independently verify this . Olympics are days away The shooting came as the global spotlight falls on Russia , which will host the 2014 Winter Olympics in four days . Security concerns have been heightened after twin bombings in Volgograd in December . The Olympic Games will begin Friday in Sochi , and a huge security operation is under way around the Black Sea resort city . Russia is pouring resources into ensuring that the Olympic Games , seen as a flagship project of President Vladimir Putin , go off without problems .	NEW : Student said to have had issue with geography teacher , state news channel reports A police officer and teacher were killed in the attack The gunman , said to be a student at the Moscow school , has been detained All of the hostages have been released ; about 20 students were held , state media says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A picture of an overweight woman lying naked on a couch , painted by British artist Lucian Freud , set a record Tuesday night for the most money paid for a painting by a living artist . "  Benefits Supervisor Sleeping " depicts Sue Tilley lying on a worn-out couch . The 1995 life-size work , "  Benefits Supervisor Sleeping , " fetched $ 33.6 million during bidding at Christie 's auction house in New York . The previous record was for "  Hanging Heart , " a painting by Jeff Koonz that sold for $ 23.5 million , said Rik Pike , a spokesman for Christie 's . "  Benefits Supervisor Sleeping " depicts Sue Tilley , a manager of a government-run job center in London , lying on her side on a worn-out couch with nothing to hide her folds of flesh . Christie 's calls it a "  bold and imposing example of the stark power of Lucian Freud 's realism , " depicting "  the forceful and undeniable physical presence of people and things . " Tilley , 51 , said she was initially embarrassed to pose naked for the artist , but they soon grew comfortable in the studio -- so comfortable , in fact , that she confessed to falling asleep while posing . "  I did n't mind if he noticed , " she said . The painting challenges modern notions of beauty and elicits a reaction from everyone who sees it . That may have been precisely the aim of Freud , who told London 's Tate Gallery in 2002 that he wanted his paintings to "  astonish , disturb , seduce , convince . " Though some regard the painting as shocking -- ugly , even -- that is also the appeal for collectors , said Michael Hall , editor of Apollo Magazine in London . "  There 's a reaction against art that 's regarded as too pretty , " he said . Hall said he thinks a more conventionally beautiful painting would not be able to fetch such a large amount . "  It 's the sort of thing that everyone immediately wants to voice an opinion about , " he said of the painting . "  It challenges conventional taste ... and people do find that rather exciting and interesting to talk about . " Collectors may also view this as a rare chance to buy something by a prolific artist painted at the peak of his work , he said . Freud , 85 , has been described as Britain 's greatest living realist painter . He is the grandson of psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud and came to London from Germany when he was a child . With Tilley , Freud said he was "  very aware of all kinds of spectacular things to do with her size , like amazing craters and things one 's never seen before , " according to the 2002 interview with the Tate . He added , "  I have perhaps a predilection towards people of unusual or strange proportions , which I do n't want to over-indulge . " Freud painted the portrait of Tilley over nine months in 1995 . Tilley said she posed for eight hours a day , two or three days a week . She had been introduced to the artist through a mutual friend , Australian performance artist Leigh Bowery , who also posed for Freud . It was Bowery 's idea for Tilley to pose for Freud , so he arranged a meeting . Tilley knew the meeting was more of an interview for the job of Freud 's muse , and she did n't find out until later -- through Bowery -- that she 'd gotten the job , she said . "  Lucian just said to Leigh , ` Oh , tell Sue she can start next week , ' " Tilley said . Tilley still works full-time at the job center in London 's West End and calls her newfound fame "  a bit bizarre . " She laughs as she describes how she now has to arrange her schedule to accommodate media interviews . She said she 's excited to find out how much the painting will sell for , but knowing that it could set a record is "  a bit scary . " "  It 's hard to put your head around it , really , " she said . "  But it 's all good . "	NEW : Life-size 1995 portrait is auctioned for $ 33.6 million NEW : Lucian Freud 's "  Benefits Supervisor Sleeping " sets record price for living artist Artist 's model says her newfound fame is "  bizarre "
