CNN  -- The debate over what is happening inside Syria should now end . A new report by three veteran war crimes prosecutors , released exclusively by CNN and The Guardian , offers what appears to be irrefutable evidence of systemic war crimes by the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Any fair observer can no longer doubt the prosecutors ' findings of "  the smoking gun " of widespread crimes against humanity . Syrian human rights activists have long been documenting cases of methodical torture and execution carried out by members of the Syrian regime . Organizations such as Human Right Watch have also documented shocking crimes from their own independent investigations . But none of these efforts has managed to capture the essence of what is really taking place in Syria as much as the new report authored by David Crane and Desmond de Silva , chief prosecutors of the war crimes tribunal for Sierra Leone , and Geoffrey Nice , lead prosecutor against former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic . Although their report relies solely on a low-ranking member of the Assad regime , the accompanying evidence of 55,000 horrific photographs documenting the death of more than 11,000 detainees constitutes overwhelming proof . Opinion : Syria shows peril of Iran 's growing power As Crane said , "  This is direct evidence of the regime 's killing machine . " Now there can be little denying that the violent campaign orchestrated by the Assad regime is indeed tantamount to genocide . With close to 130,000 deaths , 2 million refugees in neighboring countries and more than 5 million internally displaced victims , Syria 's civil war has indeed evolved as a reaction to a campaign of mass murder and ethnic cleansing unleashed by the Assad regime in mid-2011 to quash the largely peaceful protest movement . Some in the Sunni Arab community may stand behind the Assad regime even today , and many elements from the country 's minorities , including the Alawites to which the Assad family belong , work with the opposition , but the sectarian character of the struggle and the relevance of the Alawite/Sunni divide must be recognized . The overwhelming majority of victims are from an Arab Sunni background . The Alawites fear blowback should the regime collapse . The Assad regime has long survived by manipulating the fears and concerns of the country 's minorities , relying on members of the Alawite community to control the levers of power within state institutions , especially military and security , and portraying itself as a protector of minorities . Change , many fear , might bring a backlash against them . Now , after close to three years of bloodshed , a systematic campaign of terror and mayhem  with mainly Sunni victims  -- and with the emergence of extremist groups , including al Qaeda , among the rebels -- minorities who fear that a rebel victory will subject them to revenge appear justified . The political process needed at this stage must aim to end the ongoing genocide and hold its masterminds accountable . Only then can there be meaningful talks about ending al Qaeda 's presence , especially after new revelations that Western intelligence agencies have detected signs of cooperation between the Assad regime and al Qaeda 's Syria affiliates in their fight against moderate rebels . As the parties meet soon in Geneva to discuss a solution to Syria 's crisis , balancing the needs of the country 's various minorities should come at the expense of neither the aspirations of pro-democracy advocates nor the demands for justice . Meanwhile , equating a systematic and premeditated campaign of terror that exploited the full might of the state with random violations committed by rebel groups  who often fail to coordinate their activities , even as they fight in the same neighborhoods  will serve to make reaching a viable agreement well-nigh impossible . True , war criminals need to be brought to justice no matter to which camp they belong , but we should not be surprised if the majority came from the ranks of the Assad regime . Nor should we be loath to holding al-Assad himself accountable . Those who propose giving al-Assad and his top commanders ' immunity from prosecution to get to a cease-fire agreement forget that , with so many victims and the country 's growing communal divides , there is an immediate need for justice . Only then can serious work on rebuilding inter-communal bridges truly begin . The images of the 11,000 detainees who died in al-Assad 's concentration camps cry out for simple justice , not oblivion . They demand that we hold the criminals accountable , not for sweeping the truth under the rug . Achieving this may not be convenient , but it is necessary , both for strategic and moral reasons . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ammar Abdulhamid and Ken Ballen .	Ammar Abdulhamid , Ken Ballen : Report appears to show proof of Syrian regime torture They say the regime 's violence is tantamount to genocide ; al-Assad has sown sectarian war They say Geneva goal must be : End killing , bring guilty to justice , especially in regime Writers : Al-Assad should not get immunity ; rebuilding Syria society needs accountability
CNN  -- Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen clocked the fastest time on the final day of Formula One Testing at Jerez Friday . The 2007 world champion came home in a time of one minute 18.148 sec off 83 laps with Force India 's test driver Jules Bianchi in second spot on 1:18.175 . Ferrari 's Felipe Massa 's time of one minute 17.879 seconds , which was set on Thursday , remained the fastest time of the whole week . But Raikkonen , who finished third in the title race last season , is encouraged by the progress made over the past four days . Webber vows to battle Vettel for F1 title "  We continued our work from Thursday and made some good progress , " he told reporters ahead of the next test session in Barcelona on February 19 . "  We 're at the top of the timing monitors , but that means nothing in testing . Our focus has been testing parts on the car , but I 've been able to get the set-up more to my liking . "  For sure there 's more work to be done in this area , but that 's what we 're here for . The car feels strong and we seem to have a good idea of where we 're going with improvements . Let 's see what happens in Barcelona . " Vettel revs up for glory Meanwhile , triple world champion Sebastian Vettel was satisfied with his day 's work , despite being delayed by a pot-hole in the track . "  Everyone is on the limit here , running wide , using the maximum amount of track and the kerbs and unfortunately it started to break up , " he told reporters . "  But the circuit did a very good job over lunch to get everything sorted and gave us an extra half hour at the end , so no real problem . " Vettel completed 96 laps following the 30 minute wait and the German driver was left impressed with the car 's reliability . "  I think for the whole team it 's been quite a good test , " said the German . "  No problems in terms of reliability and we did a lot of laps , so I 'm quite pleased with the results . "  I feel a bit better than last year . I think we had some issues with reliability then , so it seems we have done our homework well . "	Kimi Raikkonen the fastest man on the track on final day of testing Ferrari 's Felipe Massa clocked the best time of the week Sebastian Vettel completed 96 laps after pot-hole delay
CNN  -- The death toll from a New Year 's stampede during a church vigil at an Angolan stadium rose to 16 Wednesday , state media said , as details emerged of how the tragedy unfolded . The deadly crush at the gates of the Cidadela Desportiva stadium , in Angola 's capital , Luanda , came Monday evening as tens of thousands of people flocked to an event staged by the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God . Three children , aged three and four , were among the 16 people killed , according to state-run newspaper Jornal de Angola . Angolan state news agency Angola Press reported 10 deaths in the stampede as of Tuesday . Meanwhile , Ivory Coast is beginning three days of national mourning for at least 60 people crushed to death after they left a New Year 's Eve fireworks display in the West African country 's biggest city , Abidjan . Read more : Ivory Coast mourns 60 killed in New Year 's stampede President Alassane Ouattara has ordered a speedy investigation into the circumstances and cause of the tragedy , his office said in a statement Tuesday night . Ouattara went to the scene of the stampede , in Plateau , the city 's central business district , Tuesday and has ordered the government to take care of the injured , his office said . The dead in Abidjan included 26 children , 28 women and six men , Youth Minister Alain Lobognon said via Twitter . Interior Minister Hamed Bakayoko said 49 people were injured , two of them seriously . In both incidents , many of the victims died as a result of being trampled or suffocated by the surging crowds . In Luanda , the crisis came when many more people turned up for the vigil than the 70,000 who were expected by the organizers , according to Angola Press . People had been arriving at the stadium since the morning , the Jornal de Angola reported Wednesday , leaving no space for those who arrived later in the day . Witnesses said all the gates were open and that people could also watch the service on big screens placed outside , the newspaper reported . However , anxiety led people to push through a set of the gates into the stadium , causing a stampede , it said . Witnesses told the newspaper the situation was aggravated when bags of holy water by the gates burst in the confusion and created a dangerously slippery surface on the entrance slope . The deaths occurred as a result of crushing and asphyxiation , Angola Press reported , quoting Angola 's national firefighters ' department spokesman Faustino Sebastiao . Another 120 people were injured , the news agency said . The Universal Church of the Kingdom of God was founded in Brazil in 1977 and has since expanded to more than 100 countries around the globe , according to its website . Its first church in Africa opened in Angola in 1992 . Watch : Angola 's ghost town : A new town , with few residents CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	The number killed in a New Year 's stampede in Angola climbs to 16 Three children were among those killed , state-run newspaper reports Ivory Coast begins three days of national mourning for 60 people killed in a stampede Most of those killed in Ivory Coast were women and children
CNN  -- Boeing resumed testing Monday of its 787 Dreamliner in an effort to receive certification from the Federal Aviation Administration , a company spokeswoman said . The certification tests come two months after a fire on board one of the planes caused a power failure during a test flight . Boeing halted tests after the November 9 incident . Boeing resumed in-house testing of the jet on December 23 , and the FAA certification tests began Monday , said Boeing spokeswoman Lori Gunter . Once the plane meets FAA approval , Boeing can begin filling orders for nearly 900 jets from around the world . The Dreamliner is Boeing 's next-generation passenger jet . It is touted as a highly fuel-efficient aircraft made largely with composite materials . Boeing suspended test flights after the fire during a flight near Laredo , Texas , in November . The crew used backup systems to land the aircraft . Engineers determined the problem started as a short circuit or an electrical arc in a power distribution panel , most likely caused by foreign debris , Boeing said .	A fire on board one of the planes causes a power failure during a test flight Tests are halted after the incident Once the plane meets FAA approval , Boeing can begin filling orders The Dreamliner is Boeing 's next-generation passenger jet
CNN  "  A pilot called me last week , concerned he might have Marfan syndome , " a health care provider told me recently at a meeting . "  But if I find he has the disease , do I have to report him to the Federal Aviation Administration ? And if so , should I call him first and tell him that ? Would he lose his job ? " She was totally unsure what to do . Several other providers were present , and none of them knew , either . "  You should definitely call him and tell him , " a health care lawyer , who was present , said . "  You have to provide full disclosure . " "  But presumably , he knows that you might do so , " I said . "  And if you told him , he might not come in for the check-up . " Marfan syndrome affects connective tissue and can lead to sudden tears in the aortic artery , causing sudden death . Yet if treated , it poses much less risk , though not necessarily zero . The case raised several specific quandaries about what the responsibilities of medical professionals are and should be -- legally or ethically -- in evaluating pilots . The FAA requires that pilots self-report any diagnoses . But health care professionals have no obligation to notify anyone . They may know that a pilot has a medical problem that is poorly or not treated and may endanger passengers , but these providers have no obligation to do anything about it . These issues are crucial , given that Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the Germanwings Flight 9525 , killing 150 passengers . We still do n't know why he committed suicide-murder , but the latest reports indicate he was treated for suicidal tendencies before getting his pilot license . The Germanwings disaster has demonstrated that current standards of medical and psychiatric evaluation are inadequate . The FAA requires only that pilots fill out a psychological questionnaire , asking whether they have had psychological symptoms . But pilots are not assessed in person by a psychiatrist . Such face-to-face assessments can provide crucial information that self-report forms might miss , partly because pilots might answer inaccurately . Moreover , the FAA requires only that 25 % of pilots have a single random drug screen per year . Pilots may pass drug tests in January and realize that the odds of undergoing subsequent tests that year are nil . They may hence use more alcohol and recreational drugs . We need to consider changing current policies . Some alterations are relatively easy . The FAA should consider requiring far more drug testing -- for all pilots , perhaps every few days . Other possible reforms pose difficult ethical dilemmas , and thus need broad , careful discussion -- e.g. , what role providers should play and how much privacy pilots should have . Medical exams and records over time can indicate key problems that a single visit to an FAA doctor may miss . But requiring more information from pilots diminishes their rights to privacy . Indeed , such rights impeded investigators from knowing initially the reason Lubitz took a six-month leave and the nature of his medical condition . Physicians have to break patient confidentiality when third parties may be endangered . The legal precedent for breaking patient confidentiality in this way is the so-called Tarasoff case , in which a young patient told his psychologist at the University of California at Berkeley that he wanted to kill his girlfriend , Tatiana Tarasoff . The psychologist alerted the campus police , though not the city police or Tarasoff . Unfortunately , the patient then killed Tarasoff . A court found the psychologist liable . These violations of patient confidentiality make us providers uncomfortable . As a physician , I have had to report patients whom I even suspected might be abusing a child . I remember one patient who came to the emergency room for psychiatric problems mentioning that she sometimes hit her toddler son with the end of an electrical cord , swinging it until the thick part banged him . As I asked more , she began to cry . I felt terrible for her and was unsure how dangerous her actions were , but I erred on the side of protecting the child 's safety and contacted social services . When I told her , she nodded , then whispered thank you . She knew she needed help . Still , in Germany and several states , providers do not have to break patient confidentiality , even when they think the patient may endanger others . Critical dilemmas arise , though , of what threshold should be used concerning which diagnoses and how much their successful treatment should matter . Some diagnoses may be treatable and thus permissible if doctors examine the pilot more frequently than once a year . Early in the HIV epidemic , for instance , some critics argued that HIV-infected pilots should be barred from flying , since the virus could cause neurological problems . Fortunately , the FAA decided that evidence of actual neurological deficits -- not infection alone -- should ground these employees . Physicians arguably should consider reporting pilots who have , for instance , epilepsy , manic-depression or diabetes that leads to coma if these conditions are not well controlled with medications . Yet stigma can make pilots fear job loss and thus hide diagnoses and not seek treatment . The FAA could require that pilots seek treatment in order to fly , but some pilots may still simply cover up problems . Ideally , the clinician should be able to talk with the pilot about the need not to fly and arrange a leave for a few months to improve treatment . Good employee assistance programs and trust are also needed . In addition , we need research to find how much physician reporting would reduce risks or lead pilots to camouflage problems . Questions still arise of whether even the suspicion of a problem that could impede function should warrant reporting . An individual may seem fine weeks or even days before becoming seriously depressed . Careful , transparent discussion , involving medical experts , pilots , policymakers and others , to establish policies with clearly established cutoffs are thus vital . Unfortunately , suicides , for instance , are impossible to predict . But much can be done to improve the current system .	Robert Klitzman : Physicians should consider reporting pilots who have medical problems such as depression Yet stigma can make pilots fear job loss and thus hide diagnoses and not seek treatment The FAA could require that pilots seek treatment in order to fly , but some pilots may still simply cover up problems
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A 28-year-old baggage handler accused in two dry ice explosions at Los Angeles International Airport pleaded not guilty Thursday to two counts of possession of a destructive device in a public place . Dicarlo Bennett of Paramount , California , continues to be held on $ 1 million bail , but a bail review hearing will be held October 23 . The court entered the not guilty pleas on the defendant 's behalf . Conviction on both charges carries a sentence of up to six years in county jail , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . A prosecutor told the court he is still obtaining surveillance video from the airport . Defense attorney Ben Wasserman told reporters after the arraignment that Bennett was removing dry ice from a plane 's holding area because he was told the vapors were dangerous to an animal being transported in the cargo hold . "  His intent in taking the dry ice from the hold was not the intent to make a destructive device , " Wasserman said . "  One of the other crew members said take the dry ice out or do something with the dry ice because the carbon dioxide is harmful to the animal , so he took the dry ice out . "  I just do n't think that he should be charged with this offense , but hopefully we will be able to prove that , " Wasserman added . On Sunday , dry ice in a plastic bottle exploded in an employee restroom , causing a brief shutdown of Terminal 2 , the FBI said . No injuries were reported , and the terminal resumed operations after a brief evacuation . The other incident occurred about 8:30 p.m. Monday at the Tom Bradley International Terminal , airport police said . Three plastic bottles containing dry ice were found , but only one had exploded , police said . Bennett is an employee of Servisair , a leading global provider of aviation ground services , the company said . The explosions did n't cause any injuries . Bennett allegedly thought the explosive devices were "  a game " and "  a funny kind of joke , " and he had no intent to attack people , police said . Dry ice , which is carbon dioxide in solid form , is used as a refrigerant for meats and ice cream , especially when shipped in a box . When dry ice becomes warm , it transforms into vapor .	Baggage handler Dicarlo Bennett remains jailed with bail set at $ 1 million Bennett was directed to remove dry ice from a plane , his attorney says Bennett had no intent to make a destructive device , attorney says Prosecutors are gathering surveillance video from Los Angeles International Airport
CNN  Are the upcoming elections in Israel crucial ? Will the results -- a fourth term for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu or a first for opposition leader Isaac Herzog -- change Israel 's policy in a significant way ? As Israelis prepare to go to the polls , the answer seems to be negative . Many observers in Europe and the United States seem to be under the impression that during Netanyahu 's time in power , Israel was hijacked by right wing zealots -- and that Herzog , leader of the Zionist Union opposition party , is the man who will save the country and return it to the path of sanity . But the fact is that when it comes to the most crucial question regarding the future of Israel and the Middle East -- what to do about the Palestinians -- the difference between the two candidates is negligible , a divergence that is short on substance but long on style and rhetoric . While Netanyahu 's insistence on Israel 's continued ruling over millions of Palestinians is expressed in aggressive , often religious and nationalistic language , Herzog 's justifications for doing the same thing would sound much softer and easier to digest in the Western world . But at the end of the day , neither Netanyahu nor Herzog have any real intention to put an end to the occupation of the Palestinian territories . Netanyahu says it clearly and openly ; Herzog and his coalition partners only hint at it . READ MORE : 5 key issues for next Israeli leader This whitewash has been so evident throughout the entire election campaign that a foreigner arriving in Israel would have had a hard time understanding anything about what is really going on here . The main issues that have been discussed during the campaign are economic ones -- cost of living , housing prices , government oversight -- but even then , slogans and populist promises have largely replaced the in-depth debates we should be having . But the topics that seem to have consumed most of the headlines range from pure gossip to scandals , some of them concerning the behavior of Netanyahu and his wife Sara . There was the "  bottlegate " affair -- claims that the wife of the Prime Minister had pocketed cash from bottle recycling at their official residence . The Netanyahus say they reimbursed the government . Israel is a country that is still looking for its way forward ; one that lacks internationally recognized borders ; one that has not yet decided whether it is a Western society or a Middle Eastern one ; one that can not decide whether it wants to be religious or secular , Jewish or bi-national . All of these critical issues -- none of them decided on -- have been cast aside , ignored , covered up or denied by a country that has busied itself with the important business of recycled bottles at the prime minister 's residence . There is a big elephant in the room , but Israel is turning its back to it . There is a big elephant in the room , but Israel believes that if nobody talks about it , the elephant does not exist . This elephant is absent from the Israeli discourse on a day-to-day basis , and it is absent during elections -- a time when public discourse should be only be focused on what really matters . The elephant in the Israeli room is the unending occupation of Palestinian territories , and nobody is talking about it . Most of the parties running in the elections have not even bothered to try to answer questions about what their plans are for the Palestinians . But the occupation also continues to be a non-issue for too many ordinary Israelis , who know very little -- and care even less -- about the cruel reality for the millions of Palestinians who live without civil rights in the West Bank and who are kept under siege in Gaza . For those who regard Herzog and the center-left as the great hope of this campaign , it is important to remember that it was the Israeli Labor Party who established the occupation and settlement projects in Palestinian territory . Golda Meir , Moshe Dayan , Shimon Peres , Yitzhak Rabin : Those Labor leaders , so beloved by the West , are the founding fathers of the most significant venture of modern Israel -- the illegal transfer of a Jewish population to stolen land . It was a project whose purpose was to prevent any kind of equal division of the land , or a settlement with the Palestinians -- and as such it has been a great success story . Labor never had a real plan for the Palestinians , except to time and again renew the endless peace process , which may be the longest in history . This is still true now , on the eve of elections that stand a real chance of bringing the Zionist Union to power . The more than 500,000 settlers in the West Bank and East Jerusalem have created what may be an irreversible reality , but Herzog 's only answer to it is to get back to the negotiation table . In private circles he mentions five years as the time he needs to conclude the process . There is no better indication that Herzog has no intention of ending the occupation any time soon . Numerous peace plans have already been worked out in great detail ; all that is needed is for one courageous Israeli leader to implement any one of them . Herzog , at least at this stage , does not seem to be the one capable of doing this . On Tuesday the "  only democracy in the Middle East " will elect a new parliament and a new government , in what is frequently described as a celebration of "  people power . " But the reality is that here in Israel , it is only the masters who will vote and decide on the future -- not only for themselves , but for the millions of Palestinians who have for nearly half a century been living under their control , directly in the West Bank and indirectly in Gaza . And yet , it seems , their fate is not a topic worthy of discussion . To call this a democracy in 2015 is rather problematic .	Levy : Israel 's occupation of Palestinian territory has gone mostly undiscussed ahead of Tuesday 's election Levy : Netanyahu , Herzog do n't have the courage to end the occupation
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- The jury began deliberations Thursday in the trial of Brian David Mitchell , accused of kidnapping 14-year-old Elizabeth Smart in 2002 . The jurors will decide whether Mitchell , 57 , was legally insane when he snatched Smart at knifepoint from her bedroom on June 5 , 2002 . Smart testified at the monthlong trial that he led her to a makeshift camp in the canyons above her home , "  sealed " her as his spiritual plural wife and raped her . U.S. District Dale Kimball instructed jurors that in order to acquit Mitchell under the insanity defense , they must determine he was mentally ill and that his illness was so severe it kept him from knowing right from wrong . Defense attorneys mounted the insanity defense for Mitchell , trying to convince jurors that Mitchell was so delusional he could not understand his actions were wrong when he abducted Smart . Several mental health experts testified for the defense , offering diagnoses that ranged from delusional to psychotic to paranoid schizophrenic . When a defendant acts out in court Prosecutors produced their own mental health experts , who testified that Mitchell was little more than a narcissistic pedophile who used religious dogma and claims he received revelations from God to get what he wanted . Smart spent nine months with Mitchell and his legal wife , Wanda Barzee , at makeshift camps in the Utah mountains and at a homeless camp outside San Diego , California . Now 23 , Smart was the star witness for the prosecution . She said Mitchell raped her nearly every day of her captivity , some days more than once . She initially was kept tethered between two trees and treated "  like an animal , " she testified . Later , she was allowed to accompany Mitchell and Barzee into town , but was forced to wear flowing religious robes and a veil . She was not permitted to speak to other people , she said . Mitchell claimed to be a prophet named Immanuel David Isaiah , who would take 49 wifes and battle the Antichrist in the end times . Afterward , his family would hold exalted positions in the new kingdom . Smart said her job was to teach the new wives how to perform sexually . She said Mitchell claimed she was preordained to be his wife but never spoke of his destiny with outsiders . Many times , she said , he used his revelations to justify drinking , smoking or viewing pornography . Mitchell , Smart and Barzee were stopped by police in Sandy , Utah , on March 12 , 2003 . Smart was reunited with her family , and Mitchell and Barzee were charged by state authorities . When those cases bogged down over whether they were mentally competent to stand trial , the case moved to federal court . Barzee , 64 , reached a plea bargain and is serving 15 years in prison . She testified for the defense and described Mitchell as a manipulator who took advantage of her religious beliefs . CNN 's Lena Jakobsson and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	Defense and prosecution have rested their cases in the trial of Brian David Mitchell Jury will decide if Mitchell 's mental problems kept him from knowing right from wrong Defense said Mitchell is so delusional that he could not understand his actions Prosecutors produced mental health experts who said Mitchell knew his actions were wrong
Karachi  CNN  -- Plumbing new depths in the battle for television ratings , abandoned babies are being given away on a controversial prime-time game show in Pakistan . TV host Aamir Liaquat Hussain presented baby girls to two unsuspecting couples during his show , which is broadcast live for seven hours a day during the month of Ramadan . "  I was really shocked at first . I could n't believe we were being given this baby girl , " said Suriya Bilqees , now a mother of a two-week old . "  I was extremely happy . " Another baby , a boy , is due to be given to another couple at some point in the coming days . The show 's host has been described as a religious scholar , TV megastar and even a sex symbol . His heady mix of religion and entertainment is often followed by controversy . "  At Christmas there 's Santa Claus to give everyone gifts , it 's important for Christians . For us Ramadan is a really special time so it 's really important to make people happy and reward them , " said Hussain . His show -- Aman Ramazan -- has been dubbed Pakistan 's version of The Price Is Right , with members of the 500-strong audience receiving prizes in exchange for answering questions on the Quran . The giveaway bonanza includes motorbikes , microwave ovens , washing machines and fridges . He also cooks while men sing Islamic hymns and discusses religion with children in a garden full of rabbits , snakes and goats . The baby girls given away on the show were found by an NGO , the Chhipa Welfare Association , which says it receives up to 15 abandoned babies a month . "  Our team finds babies abandoned on the street , in garbage bins -- some of them dead , others mauled by animals . So why not ensure the baby is kept alive and gets a good home ? " said Ramzan Chhipa , who runs the organization . "  We did n't just give the baby away . We have our own vetting procedure . This couple was already registered with us and had four or five sessions with us . " But , the couple did n't know they would be handed a newborn when they were invited to take part in the show and paperwork was not processed before the live broadcast . Adoption is not officially recognized in Pakistan and there is no adoption law . The couple will have to apply for guardianship at a family court . Some viewers praised the show 's baby giveaway but others declared it a publicity stunt . "  Pakistan wake up , " Shamim Mahmood wrote on the NGO 's Facebook page . "  Babies are not trophies to be handed to just anyone . " Hussain says it is n't a gimmick to win ratings during the Islamic holy month . He believes his show is unifying a fractured nation , plagued by sectarian violence , religious intolerance and terrorism . "  These are the disenfranchised babies that grow up to be street kids and used for suicide bombing attacks . We have tried to show an alternative , " he said . "  Telling people to take these kids off the rubbish on the streets , raise them and make them a responsible citizen , not to destroy society through terrorism , " he said . The show has proved extremely popular , breaking ratings records and may be extended beyond its Ramadan run . He is also planning another program where the audience will be from the minority Hindu , Sikh and Christian communities . "  We 've created a symbol of peace and love , that 's our show 's theme -- to spread love . I 'm setting an example . Giving a childless couple an abandoned child , " Hussain said . CNN 's Saima Mohsin reported from Karachi , journalist Katie Hunt wrote and reported from Hong Kong	Pakistani game show gives away unwanted babies Childless parents received baby girls during live broadcasts Critics say it 's a publicity stunt to win Ramadan ratings battle Another newborn due to be given away in coming days
London  CNN  -- A Swiss whistle-blower Monday handed over what he said were secret Swiss banking records to WikiLeaks , the website dedicated to revealing secrets . Swiss banker Rudolf Elmer handed two discs to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange at a news conference in London . WikiLeaks could release the secret Swiss banking records in "  a matter of weeks " if it can process them quickly enough , Assange said . Elmer said he would not reveal the names in the records and said he was unable to say how many people were involved . Who is Rudolf Elmer ? He said about 2,000 clients ' records were included , but that because of the way trusts and corporations are set up , he could not determine how many individuals were involved . Elmer describes himself as an activist/reformer/banker . "  I think , as a banker , I do have the right to stand up if something is wrong , " he said Monday , explaining why he was giving the documents to the website . Elmer is due to go on trial Wednesday in Switzerland for violating the country 's banking secrecy regulations . He said he wanted "  to let society know what I do know and how this system works because it is damaging our society in the way that money is moved " and hidden in offshore jurisdictions . He began looking into the issue when he was a banker in the Cayman Islands , he said . When he first looked into the problems of offshore banking he said it looked like "  a mouse tail , " but as he investigated in the Cayman Islands and Switzerland , it became a "  dragon 's tail , " and finally a many-headed dragon . Speaking at the same news conference , lawyer Jack Blum said it was not always possible to determine who , if anyone , had engaged in "  criminal tax evasion . " Elmer aims to "  challenge Swiss Bank Secrecy at the European Court of Human Rights and the Swiss courts , " he says on his website . He has worked at six offshore banking centers , he says . He has been engaged in a long-running battle with Swiss banks over secrecy , he said . He said he had approached tax authorities and universities with his data , but that no one was interested . He was about to give up , he said , when he learned about WikiLeaks from a friend . He said he was "  grateful " to WikiLeaks for helping him "  send the message which I wanted to send , " but that he was not trying to use it for "  protection " as he faced prosecution .	NEW : About 2,000 client records are handed over WikiLeaks could publish the documents within weeks , Julian Assange says Rudolf Elmer says he has a right to stand up if he sees something wrong Elmer and Assange are fighting Swiss banking secrecy
CNN  -- Brian Adkins , a newly assigned American diplomat in Ethiopia , was found dead last weekend at his home in the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa , an embassy spokesman and a senior State Department official told CNN . U.S. Embassy press officer Michael McClellan identified Adkins and said he was from Columbus , Ohio . He was 25 at the time of his death . "  He was found dead over the weekend and a criminal investigation is under way , " McClellan told CNN on Thursday . "  The Ethiopian federal police are investigating it . " Adkins , who would have turned 26 on Monday , received his undergraduate and graduate degrees from George Washington University , according to the school 's newspaper , the GW Hatchet , which reported his death . According to the newspaper , Adkins joined the State Department after receiving his master 's degree in 2007 . A State Department official , who declined to be named because of the ongoing investigation , said it was the diplomat 's first tour of duty as a foreign service officer . There were no apparent threats against him , and investigators were trying to determine whether he was the victim of a random crime . Adkins ' father , Dan Adkins , told CNN affiliate WBNS that his family worried about him , but Adkins assured them he would be safe at a guarded compound . His sister , Tiffany Cooper , said the family was struggling . "  It is hurting us . There is no closure . We have no idea how our brother died , " Cooper said . The GW Hatchet reported that Adkins moved to Ethiopia as part of a Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship , after studying the local language and culture for nearly a year . A GWU student and friend of Adkins described him as "  selfless , hardworking , confident , funny , charming , articulate , a scholar and a gentleman , " according to the newspaper . "  The world has lost someone who had so much to offer . I miss him tremendously , " senior Michael Geremia told the newspaper . "  When I received word of his death on Monday , which would have been his 26th birthday , a piece of me died in Ethiopia . " As a student , Adkins was active in the Knights of Columbus and the Newman Center , which are organizations run by the Catholic church , the paper reported . -- CNN 's Elise Labott and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	U.S. Embassy says a criminal investigation is under way Authorities found Brian Adkins dead over the weekend U.S. official says it was Adkins first tour of duty as a foreign service officer There were no apparent threats against Adkins
NEW HAVEN , Connecticut  CNN  -- A DNA match linking Raymond J. Clark III to Yale student Annie Le led to his arrest on murder charges , a source with knowledge of the investigation said . Raymond J. Clark III , 24 , was arrested and charged with murder . His bail was set at $ 3 million . On Thursday , New Haven Police Chief James Lewis described Le 's killing an instance of "  workplace violence , " but he did not elaborate . Clark , 24 , has been charged with Le 's murder , and bail has been set at $ 3 million , Lewis said . Thursday morning , police arrested the Yale lab technician in the strangulation of Le , whose body was found in the wall of an off-campus research building . Hours after his arrest , Clark appeared in court and did not enter a plea . Standing with chains on his ankles and his palms on the table , he looked only at the judge and spoke only to acknowledge that his rights were read to him . A court date of October 6 was set . Watch report on Clark 's background " Le , a 24-year-old pharmacology graduate student , was last seen alive September 8 , the day she appeared in a surveillance video as she entered the four-story lab at 10 Amistad St. , about 10 blocks from Yale University 's campus . Her body was found inside the basement wall of the building Sunday , on what was to have been her wedding day . She had been strangled , the Connecticut medical examiner 's office determined . The night she was killed , a fire alarm in the building was pulled , a source with knowledge of the investigation said . When investigators reviewed security tapes from that night , the source said , they began to focus on Clark , who was seen looking distraught and holding his head in his hands . Clark 's initial attorney , David Dworski , said in a statement released before Clark 's arrest , "  We are committed to proceeding appropriately with the authorities with whom we are in regular contact . " The public defender 's office is now representing Clark . See timeline of case " Yale University President Richard Levin said that although the school 's administration is "  relieved " by the news of Clark 's arrest , "  we must resist the temptation to rush to judgment . " Clark , of Branford , Connecticut , is not a Yale student but has worked as a lab technician at the university since 2004 after graduating from high school . He lived with his girlfriend , who is also a Yale lab technician , according to police . Clark had nothing in his employment history at the university that "  gave an indication that his involvement in such a crime might be possible , " Levin said in a statement issued Thursday . A faculty member described Clark 's job in the Animal Resources Center as maintaining colonies for animals used in research . The lab is in the basement of the building where Le 's body was found . CNN 's Randi Kaye , Tom Foreman , Mary Snow and Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire alarm pulled night of murder ; Clark seen looking distraught , source says Police chief : Motive unclear , but police do n't consider slaying a domestic crime Yale graduate student Annie Le had been strangled , examiner 's office reports "  We must resist the temptation to rush to judgment , " Yale president says
It was a sarcastic Facebook comment during an argument about a video game . And , according to the father of 19-year-old Justin Carter , it was enough to land his son behind bars for months , facing the possibility of years in prison . Carter , who is currently on suicide watch in Comal County Jail near San Antonio , Texas , has been locked up since February . He faces a charge of making terroristic threats , a felony that could theoretically bring a sentence of up to eight years . "  He 's very depressed . He 's very scared and he 's very concerned that he 's not going to get out , " Jack Carter , Justin 's father , told CNN on Tuesday . "  He 's pretty much lost all hope . " In February , Justin , then 18 , and a friend were arguing on Facebook with someone else over the online video game "  League of Legends . " "  Someone had said something to the effect of ` Oh you 're insane . You 're crazy . You 're messed up in the head , ' " Jack Carter told CNN affiliate KVUE in Austin . "  To which he replied ` Oh yeah , I 'm real messed up in the head . I 'm going to go shoot up a school full of kids and eat their still-beating hearts . ' " According to court documents , Justin wrote "  I 'm f -- ed in the head alright . I think I ` ma  sic  shoot up a kindergarten and watch the blood of the innocent rain down and eat the beating heart of one of them . " Jack Carter said his son followed the claim with "  LOL " and "  J/K " -- indicating that the comment was n't serious . But someone else -- Carter says a woman in Canada -- noticed the comment and reported it to authorities . Coming two months after the deadly shootings at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , the report was n't taken lightly . According to court documents , Carter lived less than a half-mile from an elementary school in New Braunfels , Texas . A search warrant was issued on February 13 and , a week later , a judge issued a warrant for his arrest . "  I thought it was a joke , " Jack Carter told CNN . "  I could n't believe the person that called me . I kept telling them they have to be kidding . When I realized he was n't , I literally broke down crying . " A judge set bond for Justin Carter at $ 500,000 , meaning that 10 % of that , or $ 50,000 , would have to be posted to get him out of jail while he awaits trial . His lawyer , Donald H. Flanary III , says that 's far more than his family can afford . "  It 's outrageous , " Flanary , who is working the case for free , told CNN Tuesday . "  I 've represented murderers and their bond was $ 150,000 . " Flanary said he planned to meet with Justin Carter Tuesday afternoon and ask a judge for the bond to be reduced . He said police did n't find any weapons or other items to suggest that Justin 's comment was serious , but that , "  in the times we 're living in , it was kind of a perfect storm . " "  The law enforcement , the sheriff 's department , the district attorney 's office -- nobody wants to be the one that let him go , " Flanary said . "  They do n't think about the person or the crime or the lack of crime ... they do n't want to take responsibility for something happening in the future . " A spokeswoman for the police department in Austin , where Justin was originally jailed , referred a request for comment and arrest documents to neighboring New Braunfels Police . A police department spokesman there did not immediately respond to a similar request . Meanwhile , people have come together online to support the jailed teen . A Change.org petition titled "  Release Justin Carter and Change the Investigative Criteria for Terroristic Threat Laws " had received nearly 35,000 digital signatures as of Tuesday afternoon . "  Too many teenagers are being arrested , jailed and having their lives forever altered because of anti-terrorism laws and investigations that impede their 1st Amendment right to freedom of speech , " reads the petition . Jack Carter says that , as a parent , he understands why authorities are so vigilant about threats of school violence . "  I definitely see the need to investigate such claims . Absolutely , " he said . "  But at some point during the investigation there has to be some common sense . "	Teen held since February on charges related to Facebook comment Justin Carter , 19 , was arguing over an online video game Father says a sarcastic joke was misinterpreted Online petition to free Carter has nearly 35,000 signatures
South Korean authorities are cracking down on the company that operated the passenger ferry that sank last month , a disaster that killed hundreds of people and shocked the nation . The chief executive of Cheonghaejin Marine Company , the ferry operator , was arrested Thursday and is facing charges including causing death by negligence , said Yang Joong-jin , a senior prosecutor in the investigation . At the same time , the government has begun to take steps to revoke the company 's business licenses , the the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries said . The planned measures are aimed at taking away the licenses of the company for all its routes , including the one on which the Sewol passenger ferry sank , leaving more than 260 people dead and dozens still missing . Most of the dead and missing are students , all from the same high school , who were taking the ferry to the resort island of Jeju for a field trip . The stunning loss of life has shaken South Korea , raising troubling questions about safety standards and government oversight of businesses . President Park Geun-hye has apologized over the government 's handling of the disaster and pledged to overhaul safety systems to try to prevent accidents in the future . Prosecutor : CEO arrested , charged in South Korea ferry disaster Excess cargo blamed Kim Han-sik , the chief executive officer of Cheonghaejin Marine , was arrested in connection with allegations that excessive cargo a played a role in the April 16 sinking , Yang said . Investigators have said the amount of cargo , more than double the ferry 's limit , and the failure to tie it down properly was partly responsible for the sinking of the Sewol , which was carrying 476 passengers and crew . Speaking to reporters Thursday with his face covered , Kim apologized for the disaster . "  Victims of Sewol ferry and their bereaved families , I am sorry , I am sorry . I have committed crime that can only be paid back with my life , " he said in comments broadcast on South Korean broadcaster YTN . Several other of the company 's employees have been indicted in the case , along with the ship 's captain and more than a dozen crew members . Authorities have searched the company 's offices as part of the criminal investigation . ` Serious problems ' The government , meanwhile , plans to take away the company 's licenses for all its routes , including the one on which the Sewol sank , said Nam Jae-heon , an official at the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries . "  Normally , we would cancel route by route , but in this case of Chonghaejin Marine Co. , it is not just the route that is problem ... there are serious problems with firm 's entire business practices , " Nam said . "  We have decided not to wait for the investigation results from the prosecutor , as would have been the standard practice , but to go ahead with the revocation of the business licenses as soon as possible since there is enough evidence out there to support the revocation , " he said . Chonghaejin Marine did n't immediately respond to requests for comment from CNN . At least 269 people died in the disaster , which happened while the ferry was traveling from Incheon to Jeju , off South Korea 's southwestern coast . Thirty-five people still are unaccounted for , according to the country 's coast guard . Search continues Divers are still searching the submerged vessel for the missing people , braving frigid waters , strong currents and corridors clogged with debris . Last week , one of the divers died while working to recover bodies . The ill-fated voyage trip was n't the first time the ferry had an excess cargo , a joint investigation team told reporters earlier this week . Since the Sewol began the Incheon-Jeju route in March 2013 , the ferry carried excess cargo 139 times , investigators said . Cheonghaejin Marine earned an extra 62 million South Korean won  $ 62,000  for the excess cargo on the April 16 voyage , and nearly 3 billion South Korean won  $ 2.9 million  in extra profit for all of the excess cargo that the ferry carried since March 2013 , investigators said .	The government is moving to revoke the ferry operator 's business licenses Cheonghaejin Marine Company operated the ferry that sank last month off the South Korean coast Authorities have arrested the company 's chief executive ; he faces charges including causing death by negligence Searchers have recovered 269 bodies from the sunken ferry ; another 35 people remain missing
CNN  -- Game 7 of the NBA Finals will be all about heart , Miami Heat superstar LeBron James said . The four-time MVP is seeking his second NBA crown when his Heat hosts the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday night . Both teams are well-prepared , he said , and they know each other well . They know what will work on offense , what to do on defense . What gives a team an edge will be each player 's mental makeup . "  I think it 's about heart and determination at this point , " he said Wednesday . James sparked the Heat to a comeback win in Game 6 , hitting a key 3-pointer in the final 20 seconds of regulation . He had a triple-double -- 32 points , 11 assists and 10 rebounds -- as the Heat won 103-100 in an overtime game many commentators have called one of the best NBA playoff games ever . In the last game , the Heat took off after James took off his signature headband . But when the final game of the season starts , James will be wearing it . "  He has been a part of this journey , the ups and downs of my career so far , so we 'll see what happens . " he said . James became not only a different looking man down the stretch , he became a different player . "  He was about doing whatever it took , " Heat guard Dwyane Wade said . "  And I 'm sure we get in that moment again , he 's going to do whatever it takes again . " The Spurs may have been deflated by giving away a 10-point fourth-quarter lead , but rebounded emotionally , thanks to an unusual early morning team dinner after the game , which ended after 11 p.m. Star center Tim Duncan said instead of each player going back to his hotel room and ordering room service and beating himself up , the team went out . It helped to talk things out . "  It 's always good to be around teammates and kind of get some stuff out in the open . We did exactly that , " he said . Early in the season , the Spurs sent Duncan and three other players back to San Antonio for rest instead of to a contest in Miami that ended a six-game road trip . The Spurs were fined $ 250,000 . There were no fatigued Spurs on Wednesday , he said , after a season of more than 100 games over nine months . "  We 're not tired in any way , " said the 37-year-old Duncan , who played 44 minutes on Tuesday . "  There 's no being tired at this point . We 've got one more game to win , and that 's all that matters . " For James , if the Heat do n't win , it 's a season down the drain . After all , he said he left the Cleveland Cavaliers three years ago and joined Wade with the Heat for one reason -- to win championships . Winning his first crown last year was hard , he said . But this year has been harder . He told reporters Wednesday he would be antsy and nervous before Game 7 , but that 's how it should be . "  The moment is going to be grand . ... I 'm happy to be a part of it . " CNN 's Rachel Nichols contributed to this report .	"  It 's about heart and determination at this point , " LeBron James says He says he will wear his signature headband for the final game Spurs star Tim Duncan says he and teammates ca n't be tired Game 7 is in Miami on Thursday night
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A grand jury Tuesday indicted four suspects on charges of first degree felony murder and armed burglary in the slaying of Washington Redskins star Sean Taylor . A grand jury identified Eric Rivera Jr. as the shooter in the death of NFL star Sean Taylor . Court documents say the youngest is alleged to have fired the fatal shot . The three adult suspects -- Venjah K. Hunte , 20 , Jason Scott Mitchell , 19 , and Charles Kendrick Lee Wardlow , 18 -- appeared in court Tuesday via videoconference wearing thick green vests , which defense attorneys said were suicide safety smocks . They were ordered held without bail at the Pre-Trial Detention Center in Miami , Florida , where Corrections Officer Janelle Hall said they are under suicide watch . The fourth suspect -- Eric Rivera Jr. , 17 -- remained in custody in Fort Myers , Florida . His attorney , Wilbur Smith , told CNN he expected his client to be moved to a Miami-Dade juvenile detention facility Wednesday . Watch CNN 's Rick Sanchez speak to attorneys for two of the suspects " Rivera was armed during the alleged burglary , and "  during the course of the commission of the offense ... discharged a firearm and as a result of the discharge , death or great bodily harm was inflicted upon Sean Maurice Taylor , a human being , " the indictment says . The four men were arrested Friday , officials said . Taylor , 24 , died a day after he was shot during an apparent burglary at his home . Miami-Dade police investigators said they believe the burglars thought the house was empty . Thousands of mourners attended Taylor 's funeral Monday at Florida International University 's arena . See photos from the funeral " Police said Taylor and his girlfriend , Jackie Garcia , were awakened by noise coming from the living room early November 26 . Taylor got up and locked the bedroom door , but the door was kicked in and two shots were fired , police said . One struck Taylor in the leg . Garcia and the couple 's 18-month-old daughter were not hurt . Authorities have said Garcia told police she was hiding under the bedding during the attack , did not see what happened and could not provide a suspect description . A break-in had been reported at Taylor 's residence eight days earlier . A police report from that incident said someone forced a window open and left a kitchen knife on a bed . Several drawers and a bedroom safe were searched during the break-in , according to the report . Taylor spent four years with the Redskins , earning his first Pro Bowl selection in 2006 . He suffered a sprained right knee in a November 11 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles and had not played since . The 2004 first-round draft pick played at the University of Miami , where he was an All-American in 2003 . He was regarded as one of the hardest-hitting players in the NFL . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kim Segal and John Couwels contributed to this report .	NEW : The 17-year-old suspect allegedly fired the fatal shot NEW : Eric Rivera Jr. will be moved to a Miami-Dade facility Wednesday , attorney says Three adult suspects in Sean Taylor slaying on suicide watch Taylor died after being shot in home invasion last week
CNN  -- In the cases that make the news , the stories are often murky and much debated . The hazy memories usually involve underage drinking , bad decisions , sexual acts , photos snapped and shared . What 's becoming clear in some recent high-profile sexual assault cases are the grave and lasting consequences for people on both sides of the camera . It 's a double-edged sword , experts said . Sharing images of rape or assault through text messages or social media re-traumatizes the victim . But it also provides evidence that could be crucial to building a criminal prosecution . Depending on the state , sexually explicit images of minors might be considered child pornography . "  One of the issues that 's always part of a criminal case is the defendant 's state of mind , " CNN legal expert Jeffrey Toobin said . "  Social media gives you an unusually direct picture of what 's inside a defendant 's head . " Related : When bullying goes high-tech As evidence , however , it 's often too little , too late . Two teens recently committed suicide after their alleged assaults were photographed and shared with others . Even if the photos and tweets lead to convictions , their existence does more harm than good for survivors . "  One of the reasons rape is so damaging is because it leaves you feeling a complete lack of control over your body , " said Jaclyn Friedman , a rape survivor and author of "  What You Really Really Want : The Smart Girl 's Shame-Free Guide to Sex & Safety . " Shared images of assault can reinforce feelings of helplessness and vulnerability , she said ; the victim has no control over who sees them or how far they go . Backlash toward the victim can deter others from reporting sexual assault . "  Nothing ever goes away on the Internet , so the knowledge -- that one way or another , the attack will be with you forever -- can be a constant source of trauma , " she said . Related : The healing process never ends after rape Or worse.The family of 15-year-old Audrie Pott says she committed suicide in September after learning that someone shared a photo of her being sexually assaulted at a house party . Three teen boys were arrested last week in connection with the case , Santa Clara Sheriff 's Office spokesman Jose Cardoza said . Formal charges have not been filed but they face two felony and one misdemeanor charge , he said . One of the felonies has to do with "  distribution of harmful matter of a victim , " he said . The other charges are related to sexual battery . After learning that photos of the alleged rape had been shared with others , Pott wrote in an online post that her life was ruined . In a press conference Monday , Pott 's mother read aloud posts from her daughter 's Facebook page : "  I have a reputation for a night I do n't even remember . " "  I ca n't do anything to fix it . " "  I just want this to go away . " "  The whole school knows . " "  I have a reputation I can never get rid of . " The Potts family intends to file a lawsuit against the parents who own the home where the alcohol was allegedly consumed , attorney Robert Allard said Monday . The case has drawn comparisons to one that played out in court this year in Steubenville , Ohio , where two star football players were convicted of rape for assaulting a girl who had too much to drink . Images in that case were posted on social media sites . In that case , the survivor benefited from a strong support group , including parents who believed her and stood up for her , despite allegations from the boys ' lawyers that the she was a willing participant , said Jennifer Long , director of AEquitas , which collaborates with national , state and local advocates to help prosecutions of violence against women . Related : Beyond vomiting , how to prevent rape Images of the attack overcame the defense 's arguments , said Long , a former sex crimes prosecutor in Philadelphia . A picture can mean a lot in cases where an accuser 's credibility is called into question , when everyone was too intoxicated to recall details or when there 's no physical evidence of an assault . An image can show the victim 's condition , who was there and what took place . And yet , the existence of images does n't immediately lead to a criminal prosecution . In another tragedy that made headlines this week , the family of Canadian teen Rehtaeh Parsons took her off life support Sunday . She had been hospitalized after she tried to kill herself . Her family said she became suicidal after being gang-raped in 2011 , and was bullied for more than a year after the alleged assault . Authorities confirmed that a photograph allegedly showing Rehtaeh having sex with one of the boys was circulated to friends ' mobile phones and computers . As a result , her family said , she developed suicidal thoughts . Law enforcement in the eastern Canadian city of Halifax , Nova Scotia , announced they were reopening the investigation Friday night after initially claiming that a joint investigation with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police found "  insufficient evidence to proceed with charges . " Canadian justice officials told her family on Wednesday they would take a fresh look , the family told CNN . If charges arise , Long , the AEquitas director , said she hopes courts will consider that the photos exist and were shared . "  For the victim , it never ends , " she said . "  That 's definitely something the courts should keep in mind when determining a sentence . " Follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	NEW : "  I have a reputation I can never get rid of , " Audrie Pott wrote online after alleged rape Pott 's suicide and others highlight consequences of sharing sex assault photos Expert say sharing photos of sexual assault on social media re-traumatize victim At same time , they provide evidence that can be crucial to building a criminal case
CNN  -- The words "  kindergarten graduation " usually evoke images of tearful parents taking pictures of cute kids in pint-sized graduation caps and gowns . But for students and parents at Michael R. White Elementary School in Cleveland , "  kindergarten graduation " might now conjure images of "  aggravated rioting . " This , after eight individuals were arrested Friday morning after a fight near the end of the school 's graduation ceremony . Officers were dispatched after receiving reports of gunfire , according to a statement from the Cleveland Police Department . As it turned out , there was no gunfire or guns confiscated . But people were going at it after an altercation between two teen girls apparently broke out , Detective Jennifer Ciaccia said . "  We assume they were there for the graduation ceremony , " she said . "  Several adults then got involved . " Cleveland Police Commander Wayne Drummond was one of the first responding officers to the scene . He told CNN affiliate WEWS that the initial feud prompted family members on both sides to get involved . "  It 's an absolute shame , " said Drummond . "  That something as good as a graduation ceremony , a promotion ceremony , is marred by the actions of a few . " Drummond said the school was put on lockdown to "  make sure the kids were OK . " Roseann Canfora , spokeswoman for the Cleveland Metropolitan School District , said no students at Michael R. White Elementary were involved in the fight . A hammer and a stick were taken as evidence , although neither was believed to be used in the fight . Eight people were arrested on suspicion of aggravated rioting , police said . Police say the incident will be further investigated .	Fight breaks out at Cleveland kindergarten graduation Adults join in after two teen girls go at it Eight people arrested
EW.com  -- One of the most intriguing movies of 2012 is now one of the most intriguing movies of 2013 . "  Gravity , " the 3-D sci-fi drama starring Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as astronauts stranded in open space , has been pushed from its November 21 release to 2013 by Warner Bros. , EW has confirmed . The studio remains bullish on the movie , director Alfonso Cuar  n 's first film since his highly acclaimed 2006 sci-fi drama "  Children of Men . " But between a lack of available 3-D IMAX screens and a highly competitive holiday moviegoing season that includes a new "  Bond " movie , the final "  Twilight " movie , and "  The Hobbit , " Warner Bros. execs wanted to be sure the unusual film had the best possible platform for success . A new firm release date has not yet been set . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Gravity , " the 3-D sci-fi drama has been pushed from its November 21 release to 2013 Sandra Bullock and George Clooney star as astronauts stranded in open space Warner Bros. wanted to be sure the unusual film had the best possible platform
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Prince William and his wife , Catherine , combine commerce and charity work during their three days in Southern California , including participation in a polo competition Saturday afternoon . While Hollywood stars and Beverly Hills socialites angled for invitations to their events , the last leg of their whirlwind North American tour includes interaction with commoners and even a visit to skid row in Los Angeles . A Royal Canadian Air Force jet brought the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to Los Angeles from their last stop in Calgary , Canada Friday afternoon . California Gov. Jerry Brown and his wife greeted them as they stepped off the plane . The couple immediately convoyed to a technology conference at the Beverly Hilton Hotel where they browsed the exhibits of British and American companies . William and Catherine chatted with venture capitalists and technology leaders individually , but they did not address the group . While Beverly Hills is heavily populated with celebrities , the visit by the recently married couple has created a major stir . Spago , Wolfgang Puck 's restaurant , offered a British menu for the duration , including dishes served during the royal wedding festivities . The Beverly Hills eatery added Yorkshire pudding to it 's menu for the weekend . William and Catherine are a "  fresh new young couple who are decidedly in love , " Spago co-founder Barbara Lazaroff said . Beverly Hills women donned their finest hats , including the "  Fascinators " style that created a fashion stir at the wedding . "  It looked devine , " Lazaroff said . "  It was like the way people used to dress to go to the theater . " Police kept the city 's famously aggressive paparazzi at bay Friday evening as the royal newlyweds attended a private party at the British consul general 's Hollywood home . Neighbors surrounding the residence , where the royals also spent the night , gave police permission to arrest any photographers caught on private property . Catherine will watch as Prince William participates in the "  Foundation Polo Challenge " Saturday at the Santa Barbara Polo & Racquet Club in Carpinteria , California . They 'll returned to Los Angeles for a Saturday evening party at the Belasco Theater . BAFTA , the British Academy of Film and Television Arts , is inviting several dozen up and coming British thespians to mingle with Hollywood 's elite . The royal presence is intended to boost the careers of the Brits . Sunday , their last day in California , will start with a visit to Los Angeles ' skid row where they 'll see an arts program for inner-city children . The last public event "  aims to strengthen " the ties between British and U.S. military , a news release said . Prince William and Catherine will mingle with military veterans gathered at Sony Studios for a job fair . Before they left for the United States Friday , William and Catherine kicked off the Calgary Stampede in Canada , where parade-goers got a glimpse of the royal couple . The royal newlyweds donned cowboy hats and watched as musicians and dancers performed at the annual event . The Alberta government hosted a reception for the royal couple at the Calgary zoo . Finally , they attended a departure ceremony , complete with full military honors and a 21-gun salute . The newlyweds started their Canadian tour last week in Ottawa , Ontario .	Prince William competes in a polo competition Saturday Aspiring British actors mingle with the royal couple Saturday night William and Catherine visit with young artists on skid row Sunday The royal newlyweds spend three days in Southern California
CNN  -- Aaron Sorkin 's HBO show "  The Newsroom " represents the reality of working in television news about as accurately as "  The West Wing " captured working in politics -- which is to say , not at all . But both dramas did something more worthwhile : They expressed the idealism that should animate these careers . And in this time of creative destruction throughout the news industry , it 's more important than ever before . That 's why "  The Newsroom " matters . When "  The West Wing " debuted in 1999 , the political arena was suffering from a well-deserved dose of post-Monica cynicism . The smart kids were all making piles of money on Wall Street by surfing the tech bubble , and with the 2000 election looming between Bush and Gore , the status quo of peace and prosperity seemed boring . But "  The West Wing 's " alternate reality -- with a White House helmed by a flinty , New Hampshire-born Nobel Prize-winning economist named Josiah Bartlett -- offered a glimpse into a less gray world , where the dialogue was as sharp as the sense of patriotic purpose . And through at least the first four seasons , written primarily by the show 's creator Aaron Sorkin , no matter which party you belonged to , once a week the show reminded you why you cared about politics in the first place . More than a dozen years later , "  The Newsroom " debuted on HBO  which , by the way , is owned by Time Warner , CNN 's parent company  . Expectations were high , but the unremitting earnestness of the first season could be off-putting -- especially to journalists -- and made shrugging off the show more fashionable than saying you were a fan . But here 's the thing : Aaron Sorkin with a few miles per hour off his fastball is still better than almost anything else on television . Despite the critics , the show 's lead character , Will McAvoy , quickly made an imprint on civic debates via social media , even if only as a peripheral fantasy about how the news could be . Played by Jeff Daniels , McAvoy is on a self-styled "  mission to civilize , " and for all the Don Quixote-meets-Ed Murrow posturing , his message was refreshing amid the high-water mark of hyperpartisan cheerleading that passed for much of cable news between the tea party wave of 2010 and the 2012 presidential election . McAvoy 's fictitious prime-time show , "  News Night , " is revived by dedication to the idea in this quote usually attributed to Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan : "  Every one is entitled his own opinion , but not his own facts . " Sorkin is often accused of writing "  liberal fantasies " -- a chorus President Obama joined with a gentle jab at the White House Correspondents ' Assocation dinner . But McAvoy 's character is bearded a bit by making him a Nebraska Republican , who graduated from the district attorney 's office in New York to serve as a speechwriter to the first President Bush before entering the TV fray . His politics are old-school "  I Like Ike " Main Street Republican , which is to say centrist in the current environment . McAvoy is quick to criticize liberals for their losing ways and the yippie-fueled unhinged extremism in the late '60s that caused the left to lose credibility for decades . But McAvoy 's hottest criticism is reserved for the rise of right-wing radicalism , as in this famous diatribe : "  Ideological purity . Compromise as weakness . A fundamentalist belief in scriptural literalism . Denying science . Unmoved by facts . Undeterred by new information . A hostile fear of progress . A demonization of education . A need to control women 's bodies . Severe xenophobia . Tribal mentality . Intolerance of dissent . Pathological hatred of the U.S. government . They can call themselves the tea party . They can call themselves conservatives . And they can even call themselves Republicans , though Republicans certainly should n't . But we should call them what they are -- The American Taliban . " This intemperate , unvarnished surgical strike drew criticisms of the show in real-world media as well as a congressional condemnation in the show 's fictional universe . But McAvoy does not mistake the goal of nonpartisanship for neutrality . Perhaps the biggest narrative risk of the show is its location in the recent past . The first season began with the BP oil spill and hit heights with the shooting of Gabby Giffords and the midterm elections . The second season started in the summer of 2011 , with the Republican presidential primaries , and already extends to the outburst of Occupy Wall Street in the early fall . This dynamic indulges a bit of instant nostalgia but also , as Sorkin explained on "  The Daily Show , " it allows the viewers to know more than the characters -- a neat trick . This kind of transference gave rise to perhaps the most interesting aspect of the show . Between the seasons , the character of Will McAvoy waded into online political debates via Twitter -- courtesy not of an enterprising PR firm , but of an otherwise anonymous 29-year-old working for an airline , who is a major Sorkin fan and an aspiring screenwriter . The @WillMcAvoyACN tribute Twitter handle has attracted more than 58,000 followers , including many journalists with whom he jousts in character . The point is that the character of McAvoy is so well developed that fans can adopt his voice and persona to engage in real debates and make some impact . That 's a mark of a fictional character that has come to life . And it indicates how much interest there is in a real-life newsman who would play the role of McAvoy -- razor-sharp , principled and ignorance-intolerant -- in real life . Which brings me to the final reason "  The Newsroom " matters . At a time when trust in media is declining because of the rise of partisan news , when newspapers seem to be dying every day and online clicks reward stories about celebrity scandals and soft-focus pictures of kittens , "  The Newsroom " offers an inspirational alternate reality . The PR industry might be bigger than journalism and certainly pays better , so the attraction for young would-be reporters has to be something bigger than a paycheck or job stability . The attraction is a job that comes with a built-in sense of purpose , that sweet soul spot where idealism meets realism . That 's what journalism at its best promises to provide . And even though the reality might involve long hours , lots of criticism and little compensation , our democracy depends on it . So spare me the easy cynicism and petty complaints . If "  The Newsroom " helps inspire a few more talented young people to enter the world of journalism , as "  The West Wing " did for a generation of politicos before it , that is a valuable contribution to contemporary culture -- and much more than most TV shows would ever promise to provide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : "  The Newsroom " is n't reality , but it expresses idealism journalists feel Avlon : Show 's anchor Will McAvoy is now a character in social media , debates He says when news is about stars and cats , "  Newsroom " offers inspiration Avlon : Show could attract young , talented and idealistic to journalism careers
A 29-year-old woman , remembered by her mother for her "  heart of gold . " A Boston University graduate student from China who 'd gone to enjoy the marathon 's finish with two classmates . An 8-year-old boy , cheering on runners with his family . All of them , gone . Their lives were snuffed out by twin blasts at the tail end of Monday 's Boston Marathon . Thirteen others -- out of 183 hospitalized -- had limbs amputated , according to hospital officials . The question is : Why ? The victims : Promising lives lost in tragedy More than a day later , authorities do n't have an answer . Unlike after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , no one claimed responsibility for this terrorist attack . No one had been identified as a suspect . The attack came out of nowhere , with no threat . Just horror . As Richard DesLauriers , the special agent in charge of the FBI 's Boston office , put it Tuesday afternoon : "  The range of suspects and motives remains wide open . " The two identical pressure-cooker bombs -- each with the capacity to hold six liters of liquid , according to a Boston law enforcement source -- blew up seconds and a short distance apart on Boston 's Boylston Street . They contained BB-like pellets and nails , the FBI 's DesLauriers said , causing even more damage . Photos obtained by CNN , which were in a bulletin sent to federal law enforcement agencies , showed parts of a pressure cooker , a shredded black backpack and what appear to be metal pellets or ball bearings . Such evidence -- including a partial circuit board -- are headed to an FBI facility in Quantico , Virginia , where authorities will try to determine how the devices worked and cull out clues identifying the person or persons responsible . More on the investigation into the bombings Whatever investigators find , whenever they find it , it wo n't take away the pain . Scores who are not grieving loved ones are faced with a lengthy physical recovery . There 's the psychological battle as well -- living with the memories of the deafening blasts , the carnage , the fear as they searched for loved ones . Ron Brassard was one of them . One second , he was laughing and smiling . The next second , there was a roaring blast , originating from about 10 feet away , and he looked down to see a "  puddle of blood . " He later discovered a "  chunk of the leg was just not there . " His wife was hospitalized , too , and a friend lost both her legs . Brassard told CNN 's Anderson Cooper he is angry . But he 's also not about to let this terror change him , any more than it already has . "  You ca n't let people control your life like that , " Brassard said from his hospital bed . "  You just ca n't . " Hundreds run toward carnage to help The pressure wave from Monday 's explosions in Boston 's historic Copley Square whipped the once limp international flags straight out , as if they were caught in a hurricane . Some runners said they thought the first blast was a celebratory cannon . By the second , there were no such illusions . The scene on the ground was sheer horror . Blood and unconscious people were everywhere . So , too , were people who went to help . Boston heroes run to help Some were spectators , like Carlos Arredondo . An affiliate of the Red Cross , he tended to a man who 'd lost two of his limbs . Dr. Natalie Stavas , a pediatric resident at Boston Children 's Hospital , was near the home stretch of the race she was running with her father when she heard the blasts . Despite having run 26 miles , she went over barriers and past policemen , until one stopped her . Stavas told CNN she told him she was a doctor and pleaded , "  You have to let me help , you have to let me through . " She said she performed CPR on the first person she encountered . For the next two , she worked to halt their bleeding . Stavas stressed that there were hundreds of others doing whatever they could . "  It was horrific . It was the worst thing I 've ever seen , " Stavas said . "  It was unbelievable . " Nails , metal beads found in patients While authorities have given no indication they know who was behind the attack , they have offered details on the devices used . DesLauriers , from the FBI , said the bombs were possibly placed in pressure cookers hidden inside a backpack or another black nylon bag . Another law enforcement official told CNN it was "  likely but not certain " the bombs were on a timer , not set off remotely by a cell phone . Experts see hallmarks of ` lone wolf ' devices Another federal law enforcement official said both bombs were small , and initial tests showed no C-4 or other high-grade explosive , suggesting the materials used in the attack were crude . And deadly . Those killed include 8-year-old Martin Richard , a resident of the city 's Dorchester neighborhood whom babysitter Caitlin Doyle recalled as "  just all-around a wonderful kid  with  a big , bright smile that no one could ever forget . " There was 29-year-old Krystle Campbell , who was "  fun , outgoing  and  always there to help somebody , " her grandmother Lillian Campbell said . Lastly , there was the Boston University graduate student from China -- whom the school and Chinese consulate declined to identify by name . According to a LinkedIn profile , she graduated from a Chinese university with a degree in international economics and was set to earn her master 's degree in mathematics and statistics in 2014 from B.U. Others survived , thanks largely to the work of emergency personnel and volunteers on-site and scores of professionals in several world-class hospitals nearby . Doctors removed more than a dozen nails from one patient , and three had been struck with metal beads slightly larger than BBs , said Dr. Ron Walls , the emergency medicine chairman at Brigham and Women 's Hospital . Back in Copley Square , in the heart of Boston , investigators on Tuesday continued searching for any hint that might lead them to the perpetrator . Authorities also pleaded for the public 's help . Did they know of anyone who made a threat involving April 15 or the marathon ? Did they hear explosions in a remote area , possibly as a test run ? And did they spot anyone near the finish line dropping off what ended up being the two bombs ? Obama calls attack ` terror ' By 5 p.m. Tuesday , the FBI had gotten more than 2,000 tips , DesLauriers said . They 'd also begun poring over scores of photos and videos from the scene . "  We are doing this methodically , " he said , " ... and with a sense of urgency . " Mayor : ` We will not let terror take us over ' At one point , 11 Boston-area hospitals had 23 people in critical condition and 40 listed as serious . There are still some fighting , with more surgeries planned . But there is progress . In fact , according to a CNN tally , at least 100 of the 183 people who received treatment were able to go home by Tuesday night . How Boston and America recovers over the coming days , weeks and months remains to be seen . As has happened before after such terror attacks , Tuesday saw authorities responding to alerts and threats -- in places like Dallas , Cleveland and New York -- that all proved to be unfounded . Security in Los Angeles and New York has been stepped up in light of the Boston attack , and authorities in London are reviewing measures for that city 's upcoming marathon . Back in Massachusetts , one question is what becomes of the Boston Marathon -- the world 's oldest annual marathon , dating to 1897 , drawing more than 20,000 participants . Rather than shutting it down , officials promised to build the race back up . "  Next year 's marathon will be even bigger and better , " Gov. Deval Patrick . That sense of defiance was echoed by Mayor Thomas Menino . Residents and visitors to the city might have to deal with more checks at transit stations and elsewhere . They might have to get used to seeing more authorities out and about . But they should n't change their attitudes , said the mayor . "  This tragedy is not going to stop Boston , " Menino said . "  We will not let terror take us over . "	Photos shows parts of a pressure cooker , backpack and pellets An 8-year-old boy , 29-year-old woman and grad student from China die Scores more are injured in the twin blasts , helped by medical staff and others Authorities say they do n't have any suspects or a motive for the attack
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- An Indonesian court has sentenced the alleged military commander of an al Qaeda-linked terror network to 15 years in prison . Abu Dujana is suspected of plotting attacks on the Australian Embassy and J.W. Marriott hotel in Jakarta . Abu Dujana is the alleged leader of the military wing of Jemaah Islamiyah , a group that is thought to be linked to al Qaeda . It aims to create a Muslim "  superstate " across much of Southeast Asia . Dujana , a slight , wiry man , is accused of direct involvement in the Bali nightclub bombings of 2002 that killed more than 200 , mostly Western , tourists . He is also suspected of plotting subsequent attacks on the Australian Embassy and J.W. Marriott hotel , both in the Indonesian capital , Jakarta . Furthermore , authorities say Dujana is behind the violence in Poso , on Indonesia 's eastern Sulawesi island . Fighting between Muslims and Christians periodically breaks out in the region and sometimes turns deadly . Police have accused Jemaah Islamiyah of sending armed militants to Poso . The court found Dujana guilty Monday of illegally possessing firearms and explosives , and of harboring suspected terrorists . His lawyers said they may appeal the sentence . After his arrest last June following a four-year hunt , Dujana admitted to CNN that he was Jemaah Islamiyah 's military chief . But he said that happened only after the attacks on Western targets . He described Jemaah Islamiyah to CNN as "  an underground organization , " saying "  it will continue to exist and continue to move on with its plans " to create an Islamic state under Sharia law despite his capture . "  When a part of it is cut off ... there will be a replacement , it 's only natural , " he said . Dujana denied being involved in the Marriott Hotel attack . He told CNN that he helped fugitive suspect Noordin Top plan the attack , meeting him both before and after the devastating blast that killed 12 people and injured 150 . "  It 's true , I did have a meeting with Noordin before the Marriott bombing but that does n't mean I was involved in the attack , " he said . "  In that meeting , we 're just aligning our views with each other -- there was absolutely no discussion about planning any bombing . " In his CNN interview , Dujana was quick with messages of hate , calling all Westerners legitimate targets because of the actions of leaders like U.S. President George W. Bush and then-British Prime Minister Tony Blair , who he says are not giving Muslims the chance to be in power . Dujana studied in Pakistan and fought in Afghanistan from 1988 to 1991 . He told CNN that he met al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan during the fight against Soviet occupation . At the time , bin Laden was a field commander and he was an ordinary soldier , he said . Dujana said bin Laden was well respected then and helped him and others realize that it was permissible to kill people to defend Islam . "  I did n't read it in the Quran , " he said . " It 's based on the teachings of our teachers , clerics , especially what Osama bin Laden first said . " "  Because of America 's arrogance , many in the Muslim world know , believe , it 's permissible to kill American soldiers . It 's halal ; it 's permitted , " he said . The court declared Jemaah Islamiyah a terrorist organization Monday and ordered it to pay 10 million rupiah  $ 1,088  . Around the same time Dujana was captured last June , authorities also apprehended Jemaah Islamiyah 's leader , known simply as Zarkasih . A verdict on his case is expected soon . Last week , two other top Jemaah Islamiyah leaders -- Dr. Agus Purwanto and Abdur Rohim -- were brought to Indonesia following their arrest in Malaysia . Both are being investigated for their possible role in fomenting violence in Poso . Terrorism expert Sidney Jones says Abdur Rohim is believed to have replaced Zarkasih as Jemaah Islamiyah leader . "  It is another major blow to Jemaah Islamiyah , but difficult to tell what the impact will be , " Jones told CNN via e-mail last week . "  It could embolden a more militant faction . -LSB- It -RSB- could also lead to some serious reassessment within the organization about its future . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Indonesian court sentences Abu Dujana to 15 years in prison Dujana is the alleged leader of the military wing of Jemaah Islamiyah Dujana is accused of direct involvement in the Bali nightclub bombings of 2002 After his arrest last June , Dujana admitted he was Jemaah Islamiyah 's military chief
CNN  It started as a police chase after a teenager allegedly ignored a traffic stop by a Maryland state trooper . By the time it ended , the 16-year-old suspect was dead in a shootout with officers . During an investigation into the teen 's background , police found three bodies at a Kentucky address linked to him . Authorities in both states are trying to put together a timeline of events that ended with the shootout Saturday . How did the teen , identified as Jason C. Hendrix of Corbin , Kentucky , get from his hometown to Baltimore County ? Did he kill his mother , father and sister ? If he did so , why ? And when ? Could a dispute over computer use have something to do with it , as a newspaper reported ? And why did the teen head to Maryland ? It was a mundane traffic stop on Valentine 's Day . Hendrix , who was driving a Honda Pilot , failed to stop when a state trooper tried to pull him over on Interstate 95 , according to the Baltimore County Police Department . A car chase ensued , and police cornered him after he struck another vehicle at an intersection in Woodlawn , forcing him to stop . "  As officers approached the Honda Pilot , gunfire came from the vehicle , striking an officer , " authorities said . "  Officers then returned fire on the vehicle . " Hendrix , who was alone in the car , was shot to death . The officer injured in the shootout was treated at a local hospital and released . "  His ballistic vest stopped the round that struck him , " police said . Authorities found a "  handgun and other weapons " during a search of the suspect 's car . About 500 miles away from the shootout , a grisly scene awaited . Baltimore County detectives traced the suspect 's car registration to an address in Corbin . They reached out to their counterparts there , who went to the address and found the bodies of Kevin and Sarah Hendrix , and their daughter . Police are looking at Jason Hendrix as the main suspect in the deaths of his parents and sister , according to the Times Tribune newspaper . All signs point to him as the suspect , Maj. Rob Jones told CNN affiliate WLEX . "  We still have to finish our investigation to definitely say if this is the guy , " he added . Corbin Police Chief David Campbell told the Lexington Herald-Leader the teen "  was mad at his parents over the usage of his computer . They had taken his computer rights away . " The Corbin Police Department declined to comment when reached by CNN on Monday , saying it only had limited information . Campbell told the Lexington newspaper that all three victims had been shot in the head at least twice . "  A pillow was used to try to muffle the gunshot used on all three individuals , " he said . "  The pillows were still on their faces . " The coroner 's office is still trying to determine when the killings happened . Based on their investigation at the crime scene , Jones said , "  officers are thinking it was sometime around Wednesday , " several days before the suspect was killed in the Baltimore County shootout . At Union College in Barbourville , Kentucky , where Sarah Hendrix was an associate professor of social work , officials said the community was heartbroken . "  We have lost a member of our family , " they said in a Facebook post . "  A wonderful educator , colleague and friend . " CNN 's Camille Cava , Justin Lear and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Report : Police chief says there was a dispute over the teen 's computer use A teen is suspected in the deaths of his relatives in Kentucky , report says He also shot a police officer in Maryland , authorities say
Washington  CNN  -- Americans still strongly support airstrikes against ISIS -- but they 're losing confidence that the strikes will wipe out the group 's military capability , a new poll shows . The air strikes already ordered by President Barack Obama are supported by 76 % of the public , a CNN/ORC International survey of 1,018 adults , conducted Oct. 24-26 , found . However , only 48 % of those polled say the U.S. effort is going well -- while 54 % say they 're confident the strikes will degrade and destroy the military capability of ISIS . That figure is down from 61 % last month . As the public loses confidence in air strikes ' effectiveness , Americans are increasingly supportive of sending U.S. ground troops to fight ISIS in Iraq and Syria . The poll found 45 % support for such a move -- up from 38 % in September . A majority still oppose it however . And if ISIS were to attack the U.S. embassy in Baghdad , that number would shift much more dramatically , with 72 % saying they 'd then support sending ground troops to the region . "  Support for sending U.S. ground troops into combat operations against ISIS forces is growing , although a majority continues to oppose ` boots on the ground ' in Iraq or Syria , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  But that could change in a hurry if the situation worsens in Iraq . " ISIS prisoners reveal life inside terror group The poll also found a war-weary public with little faith in Obama , high confidence that a terrorist attack on U.S. soil will happen again soon and expectations that fighting ISIS will be a drawn-out engagement . Those surveyed said they are n't expecting to see ISIS quickly defeated . More than four in five said U.S. military action against the group will be long and difficult . Opinion : Is killing ISIS leader a good idea ? Only 32 % said they believe Obama has a clear plan for dealing with ISIS . Meanwhile , 59 % said further acts of terrorism in the United States are likely over the next several weeks . That number is up from 55 % in a September poll -- a small enough increase , Holland said , that it ca n't be attributed to a changed public mood after last week 's attacks on the Canadian government .	76 % of Americans support U.S. airstrikes on ISIS , a CNN/ORC International poll shows But just 54 % say they 're confident the strikes will destroy ISIS ' military capability That figure has dropped 7 percentage points since September
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An extended trip to Ecuador by two Americans changed from a dream to a nightmare after a brutal attack last week , according the couple 's blog and U.S. officials . State Department spokesman Robert Wood confirmed Tuesday that the U.S. Embassy in Ecuador had been told that two Americans from Bend , Oregon , were attacked in the city of Esmeraldas , on Ecuador 's northern coast . But he said he could provide no further information because of privacy laws . Two State Department officials , however , said that the man was stabbed more than 24 times and that his fiance was beaten and raped . CNN does not name the victims of sexual assault and has removed publication of the man 's name to help protect the identity of the woman . The couple was evacuated to the United States on Tuesday for treatment , the officials said . The couple wrote a blog throughout their trip . In the most recent post on Monday , the woman wrote that her fiance was in intensive care after three surgeries . "  I was informed by the head surgeon there is no certainty he will survive , " she wrote . The earlier postings were happier reflections on their visit to Ecuador , a year-long trip they planned after getting engaged and selling all their belongings . In the blog , the couple seems unconcerned about safety , posting that they occasionally hitchhiked , visited the homes of strangers and posed for pictures with new friends they made on their travels . One senior official told CNN that the victims ' parents complained to U.S. consular officers in Ecuador that the Embassy did not do enough to warn Americans that many people have been attacked in Esmeraldas . The State Department 's Web site advises caution when traveling to the northern border region of Ecuador , including Esmeraldas . The travel advisory section notes that "  U.S. government personnel are under limitations with respect to traveling alone and over-nighting in these areas due to the spread of organized crime , drug trafficking , small arms trafficking , and incursions by various Colombian terrorist organizations . " The Web site says that since 1998 , at least 10 U.S. citizens have been kidnapped and one killed near Ecuador 's border with Colombia . Wood on Tuesday expressed the State Department 's "  deep sympathy " for the victims and said the department worked with the victims ' families to provide assistance . "  It 's a horrible and shocking incident " he said .	U.S. officials say man was stabbed repeatedly , his fiance raped and beaten Relative tells media that couple was attacked on beach in northern Ecuador Fiance writes in blog that her companion may not survive despite three surgeries State Department site advises caution when traveling to parts of northern Ecuador
CNN  India may not be the first place to spring to mind when it comes to fine wine , but the country 's tradition of viticulture stretches back for centuries . India has produced wine throughout its history , but its popularity waned after phylloxera , a pest which also heavily affected European wine production in the 19th century , ravaged many of the subcontinent 's vineyards . However , one man is on a quest to get Indians drinking the grape nectar once again . Rajeev Samant 's journey to becoming a winemaker has been unusual -- he studied engineering at Stanford University and got a high-flying job at Oracle after graduating . However , he left it all behind to return to his father 's birthplace , Nashik , a city in western India , and started experimenting with different vines . "  I just noticed that Nashik was full of grapes , and no one was making wine in this beautiful place , " he says . Initially , Samant had a modest goal -- to merely produce wine that was pleasant and drinkable . However , with the help of a noted Californian winemaker Kerry Damskey , he soon realized that the terroir had the potential for much more . "  Things went to a different level . We started from selling just 40,000 bottles of wine to something like 10 million bottles of wine ... and it 's a beautiful business that has brought not just profit to us but to the greater community at large , " he says . International acclaim Samant 's Sula Vineyards were the first in India to be featured in Wine Spectator , a respected industry magazine , in 2002 . Today , Sula is India 's top wine producer , holding about 65 % of the country 's wine market . The entrepreneur 's gamble proved successful , but what had made him abandon a prestigious Silicon Valley job and throw himself into a new venture ? "  I really wanted to do something that I was really passionate about when I wake up every day , and that was something that I was n't feeling in my corporate job . I strapped on a backpack and just started moving across the world , landing up here in Nashik . "  There is a world of difference between the way I feel now about what I 'm doing , full of passion , compared to what I used to do . Every day I 'm so excited to take on the challenges . It 's my baby , it 's as simple as that , " he says .	Rajeev Samant founded one of India 's most successful wineries -- Sula Vineyards However , Samant studied engineering at Stanford University and before becoming a winemaker worked for Oracle His Sula Vineyards were first to be featured in Wine Spectator , a respected industry magazine
CNN  -- It 's vital that young Americans learn the history of our amazing nation . Being an American requires knowing what it means to be an American . It 's the fabric that binds us together and helps us understand who we are . Today , unfortunately , many of our students are failing to learn American history , including our founding principles and values . And they 're failing to learn why America remains an exceptional nation . For two generations , we 've watched our nation 's memory of the past slip away . The problem of historic amnesia is widespread , as evidenced by alarming results from the National Assessment of Educational Progress , which tests students in grades four , eight and 12 in several broad subject areas every few years . Among the survey 's most frightening findings is our students ' lack of knowledge in U.S. history . Just 20 % of fourth-graders , 17 % of eighth-graders and 12 % of 12th-graders were at grade-level proficiency in American history in the 2010 exams . This lack of knowledge goes to the very basics . Only one in three fourth-graders could identify the purpose of the Declaration of Independence . Less than half understood why George Washington was an important American leader . And a majority of fourth-graders did n't know why the Pilgrims left England . These are frightening statistics , indicating that our children lack an understanding of our nation 's history and the traits that have made America great . As the author of three children 's books on American history , I 've visited many classrooms across the country to share the adventures of Ellis the Elephant , my time-traveling pachyderm , with children ages 4 to 8 . I 've found most young students to be energetic , enthusiastic and eager to learn . We can get children engaged in learning at an early age if we as adults have enthusiasm for learning as well . Our history includes wonderful role models . In writing "  Yankee Doodle Dandy "  published this week , in which Ellis the Elephant discovers the American Revolution  , I was reminded that the brave men and women who fought to win our freedom were surprisingly young . Thomas Jefferson was 33 . James Madison was 25 . James Monroe was just 18 , barely older than a high-school graduate . And yet these patriotic heroes were engaged in profound , often dangerous work . They were models of sacrifice , civic-mindedness and determination . With education surveys showing dismal results , we must find creative ways to teach our children American history . In "  Yankee Doodle Dandy " and the Ellis the Elephant series , my goal is to highlight the wonderful achievements of our country , to arouse a love for America and to communicate why America is indeed a special nation . Like children 's books , educational video games , too , have enormous potential to make history come alive . And we are only beginning to see the potential of online systems like Khan Academy to revolutionize learning . There are many ways to improve the challenged state of education , but parents , teachers and mentors must pursue them eagerly . It was 232 years ago this month , on October 19 , 1781 , that the British surrendered to George Washington 's Continental Army at Yorktown . This pivotal moment concluded an eight-year war in which thousands of brave men and women gave their lives to win the freedom we enjoy today . Yet we are for the first time in our history beginning to lose sight of our founders ' sacrifice and wisdom . We must fight historical amnesia to ensure that future generations continue to appreciate the greatness of our nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Callista Gingrich .	Callista Gingrich : Tests show a failure to teach students American history She says few fourth-graders understand significance of George Washington Most children eager to learn and will respond if adults are enthusiastic about history , she says
London  CNN  -- Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger poked fun at the Monty Python stars on Monday ahead of the comedy troupe 's reunion concerts this week as "  a bunch of wrinkly old men trying to relive their youth and make a load of money . " Appearing in a video shown at the Monty Python Live  mostly  news conference at a central London theater , Jagger is asked by his assistant if he wants tickets for the shows . The singer , who is watching the World Cup football on TV with bandmate Charlie Watts , replies : "  Who wants to see that again ? It was funny in the 60s . " He adds : "  The best one died years ago . Maybe back in the 70s it was fantastic -- it was the funniest thing . We 've seen it all before . I mean they 've put it all up on YouTube . " Jagger 's assistant then runs through the playlist for the next Stones concert : "  Start with something everyone knows like ` Let 's Spend The Night Together , ' then ` Get Off My Cloud , ' then hit ` Satisfaction . ' " His assistant then suggests : "  Dead Parrot Sketch . " To which , Jagger replies , straight-faced : "  Yeah , ` Dead Parrot Sketch . ' " The five surviving members of Monty Python -- Graham Chapman died in 1989 -- will perform together live for the first time since 1980 this week , putting on 10 shows at the O2 arena in southeast London . The first shows sold out in a matter of minutes when they were announced last November , and tickets for extra performances will go on sale on Tuesday morning . The comedians say the extravagantly choreographed performances will be their last . The very last show , on July 20 , will be broadcast live in more than 2,000 cinemas around the world , and on TV . At Monday 's news conference , however , the stars -- all now in their 70s -- joked that they would reform every 33 years . Python member Eric Idle , who is directing the shows , said they would perform many of of their best-known sketches such as the "  Lumberjack Song , " "  Dead Parrot " and "  The "  Spanish Inquisition , " as well as new material . "  Our motto has been ` leave them wanting less , ' " he joked . Echoing Jagger 's comments in the preceding film clip , Idle agreed there were similarities between pop bands reforming and themselves . "  The fans  want to hear ` Let 's Spend The Night Together , ' " Idle said . "  So it would be folly to try to write better things than our best old work . " Michael Palin said the final live shows were taking place in England , "  where it started , " and is part of "  saying goodbye publicly " to fans . Idle added that , the day before the run opens , there was a "  weight of expectation " on their shoulders . The Pythons admitted they had reunited mainly for the money , but said they were enjoying working together again . And with "  nothing more to be done " to prepare for the shows , the mood now was one of excitement , he added . Idle , Chapman , Palin , Terry Gilliam , John Cleese and Terry Jones became comedic legends with the creation of Monty Python 's Flying Circus in October 1969 . They produced 45 TV episodes for the BBC and five films together before going their separate ways in 1983 . The shows mostly consisted of a string of often incoherent sketches , only occasionally with conventional punchlines and loosely tied together by Gilliam 's stream-of-consciousness animations . Although the TV show ran for only four seasons , it proved a massive cult hit when it was shown in the United States beginning in 1974 -- just as the show was winding up on the other side of the Atlantic .	Mick Jagger pokes fun at Monty Python stars before this week 's reunion tour begins Surviving members are performing together live for the first time since 1980 Python members say they will perform all of the best-known sketches at the O2
CNN  -- A Libyan rebel fighter collapses to the ground during a firefight in the city of Misrata . Shrapnel rips through an artery in his leg , and he is rapidly losing blood . Medics battle to save his life in an abandoned building that doubles as an emergency operating theater . They come under fire . The man dies . Photographer Andre Liohn 's images of the grim scene provide insight into the risky conditions under which medical personnel in conflict zones operate . It used to be that a red cross on a vehicle or building meant protection . But not anymore . Assaults on medical personnel and facilities have become all too common , the International Committee of the Red Cross said Wednesday in releasing a new report . "  Violence against health-care facilities and personnel must end . It 's a matter of life and death , " said Yves Daccord , the director-general of the organization . "  The human cost is staggering : civilians and fighters often die from their injuries simply because they are prevented from receiving timely medical assistance , " Daccord said . Read the opinion of ICRC Director-General , Yves Daccord Louis Lillywhite , former surgeon general of the British armed forces , said in World War II a British hospital on the front lines was able to function even with fighting on the premises . "  Both the Germans and the British respected the neutrality of the area that was actually reserved as the hospital , " he said . "  And it was on the basis that they did not participate in any military activities at all . " But these days , convincing warring parties of the neutrality of medical personnel is a challenge . Michiel Hofman of Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  said in a place like Afghanistan , for instance , medics can only operate if there is no military presence whatsoever . "  It is the old concept of the gun-free hospital , " Hofman said . "  This concept was there for a reason . Once there  are  guns inside a hospital , the hospital is no longer a neutral zone , and it will get attacked by different military forces . " The Red Cross report said that millions of lives could be saved if the delivery of health care were more respected . "  The most shocking finding is that people die in large numbers not because they are direct victims of a roadside bomb or a shooting , " said Robin Coupland , whose research in 16 countries formed the basis of the report . "  They die because the ambulance does not get there in time , because health-care personnel are prevented from doing their work , because hospitals are themselves targets of attacks or simply because the environment is too dangerous for effective health care to be delivered . " Medical workers are becoming war 's first casualties , Daccord said . Hospitals in Sri Lanka and Somalia have been shelled , ambulances in Libya , shot at . Paramedics in Colombia were killed and the wounded in Afghanistan languished for hours in vehicles held at checkpoints . All of it presents "  one of the most urgent yet overlooked humanitarian tragedies , " Daccord said . "  The issue has been staring us in the face for years . It must end . " CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	A new Red Cross report chronicles assaults on medical workers in conflict zones Those attacks are costing many lives The neutrality of health care workers and facilities is no longer respected Such attacks must end , the Red Cross says
Washington  CNN  -- A federal agent will be allowed to write a book with an insider 's account of Operation Fast and Furious , reversing an earlier government attempt to block publication for "  morale " reasons . However , John Dodson , an agent with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , wo n't be allowed to make money on the book . A U.S. law enforcement official familiar with the matter says the Justice Department , ATF and the Federal Bureau of Investigation will review Dodson 's manuscript and , after making redactions to protect sensitive law enforcement information , will clear it for publication . However , federal employee guidelines prohibit Dodson and other active agents from making a profit from their work in law enforcement , the official said . Dodson was among several agents who claimed whistle-blower status to provide information to Congress about the controversial Fast and Furious operation . The operation run by ATF agents in Phoenix allowed suspected smugglers to buy about 2,000 firearms in 2009-10 . Their plan was to use the gun sales to try to prosecute major arms traffickers . However , agents had no way to track the weapons , and hundreds wound up in the hands of drug cartels . Two Fast and Furious guns were recovered at the scene of a border agent 's slaying in 2010 near the Mexican border , although it is n't clear whether they were used to kill him . Dodson has enlisted the help of the American Civil Liberties Union , which last week warned the ATF that denying permission to publish his manuscript violated his First Amendment rights . The ACLU urged the ATF to change its regulations that allow supervisors to block publication for any reason . Dodson 's supervisors in the ATF 's Phoenix office earlier rejected his request to seek a publisher for his book in part because they said it would have "  a negative impact on morale , " and "  a detremental effect  sic  on  ATF  relationships " with other agencies , the FBI and the Drug Enforcement Administration . In an October 8 interview with Chris Cuomo , host of CNN 's "  New Day , " Dodson rejected the claims about morale or about the ATF 's relationship with other agencies . "  I think what happened , what we were doing , what the agency was doing , the Phoenix field division , the operation itself , I think that is what is harmful for morale , " Dodson said . "  I think that is what is a detriment -- to not only our relationship with other federal agencies , but our relationship with the American people and their trust in us . " The Fast and Furious operation gave rise to more than a year of political controversy for the Justice Department , and eventually prompted House Republicans to sanction Attorney General Eric Holder for contempt of Congress in a legal dispute over the White House 's refusal to turn over documents . Holder has said tactics used in "  Fast and Furious " never should have been allowed . Dodson said he suffered retaliation after providing testimony to Congress . Justice Department documents released in the congressional investigation showed that Dodson sought permission from supervisors to use some of the same tactics he later criticized in Fast and Furious . Dodson told congressional investigators he did so assuming that his request would be rejected and that then he could point out the problems in Fast and Furious . Instead , his request was approved . After Dodson last week complained about his book being blocked , ATF officials acknowledged that his supervisors had noted morale as one reason . However , the agency said the rejection was "  not about 1st Amendment rights . This is about a current employee trying to profit financially from knowledge he has gained while currently employed as a special agent . " The ATF cited federal ethics rules that state : "  An employee , including a special Government employee , shall not receive compensation from any source other than the Government for teaching , speaking or writing that relates to the employee 's official duties . "	John Dodson , an ATF agent , wants to write an insider 's account of the U.S. operation ACLU said forbidding the book 's publication violated Dodson 's First Amendment rights Agencies will review his manuscript , make redactions , law enforcement official says Earlier , the government said it was blocking publication for morale , ethics reasons
CNN  -- "  I felt a massive cold chill through my body and saw my leg completely missing . " That was the moment Joany Badenhort 's life changed , and looking back at the gruesome facts it 's hard to believe it was for the better . But when the 19-year-old snowboarder lines up at the start gate in the mountains above Sochi , less than a decade later , she will be counting her blessings . "  Through this , I 've met the most amazing people and I 'd never have been able to dream of the Paralympics without the accident , " she tells CNN . "  I totally think it 's a blessing and , if I got the option to get the leg back , the negative of having one leg as opposed to the positives of this , it would be an easy choice . I 'd stick with one leg . " It was a typical sunny South African day when the idyllic world of a 10-year-old girl turned into a nightmare . She 'd been playing with her brothers on the family farm , felt thirsty and went to get a drink of water . The outdoor pump appeared to be broken , so she went to see her father , who was with a farm-hand trying to fix another piece of machinery . She arrived just as "  that stupid machine " was switched back on . It 's not the pain she remembers instantly , nor the sheer volume of blood that pumped out of her body , or even her family 's remarkably calm reactions . "  I could n't feel anything , not even the water that my mum gave me to drink . I could n't feel my fingers or people carrying me back to the house or touching me , " Badenhorst recalls . "  But after half an hour , it was like my nervous system switched back on . I started crying -- as you can imagine , the pain was beyond anything I 'd ever felt . " Her plight , though , was in danger of getting infinitely worse . There was no option of an ambulance or nearby hospital ; a rescue helicopter was unable to make it there . Eventually , a mercy flight was commandeered and landed nearby . The plane was so small it could only fit the two medical staff and Badenhorst on board . Her family had to make a five-hour journey by road to Johannesburg , unsure how their only daughter was faring in the skies overhead . "  I did n't go to sleep until I was knocked out on the plane , " she recalls . "  But just before that I remember one of them saying , ` She 's never going to make it with these injuries . ' That 's a harsh thing for a 10-year-old who 's just lost her leg to hear . " That was far from the end of her journey . The family moved to Australia four years after the accident , partly because of a good job offer for her dad , partly to ensure a safer life for the four children , and partly to ensure better medical care and a prosthetic limb for Joany . Badenhorst has not been back home to visit the rest of her family in the intervening five years , and she misses many aspects of life in South Africa . But she has embraced Australian culture -- first taking up athletics before a chance encounter led to her switching to snow sports . Showing off on high heels to "  prove a point " to her prosthetic specialist , she caught the attention of Peter Higgins -- Australia 's Disabled WinterSports snowboarding coach . Higgins , who was aware of her athletics background in the 100 meters , javelin and high jump , spotted something in the teenager that he felt lent itself to Paralympic aspirations . "  He really took a big risk on me but I think it will pay off , " she says . On Friday Badenhorst will compete in para-snowboard cross as the first woman to represent Australia at the Winter Paralympics . "  When I started , I was rubbish , " she says . "  I fell over so many times I think I lost a few brain cells . "  But now when you 're going fast on good snow , it feels like you 're gliding mid-air . You do n't really feel the turns . It 's the most freeing aspect , and there 's nothing else I know that gets close to it . It 's like you 're flying . " While she is thankful to many people for helping her get to Sochi , one name stands out in her list . Jan Kemp did not know Badenhorst nor her wider family , but was so touched by her plight that he came to visit her every day in hospital . The first time he arrived with a dusty Valentine 's Day present to give to her , and was only allowed to visit when cagey hospital staff acquiesced at Badenhorst 's insistence . "  It turns out he had a daughter who died in a cycling accident a couple of days before Valentine 's Day , " she explains . "  He and his daughter were both in the same cycling race . He finished but she got hit by a truck and died , and he never got to give the Valentine 's Day present to her . " Each week he would return to visit , usually giving her flowers picked from the hospital garden , and the pair remain in contact to this day . It was a long road to recovery for Badenhorst -- it took a year before she could walk again after the accident . "  How could I not have got better with amazing support like that ? There was just someone there for me every day , " she says . "  A lot of people are interested to know what it 's like to be leg-less . I was so young , so I do n't really remember what it was like to walk with two legs , so I do n't miss something I do n't really remember . " The fact that she has entertained a snowy sporting career seems remarkable , having grown up in two countries so renowned for their warm climates . "  I never imagined I 'd be at the Paralympics . "	Aged 10 , Joany Badenhorst 's leg was ripped off by machinery while playing at her family 's farm South African overheard medical staff say she would n't survive as she was flown to hospital But she recovered , learned to walk and will represent adopted nation Australia at Winter Olympics The 19-year-old will be Australia 's first female snowboarder at Games in new event at Sochi
CNN  -- The Georgian President has praised the citizens of the former Soviet republic for the "  miraculous transformation " of the country . Mikhail Saakashvili said his government had helped , but praised "  the talent and hard-working nature of the people " for "  an amazing achievement , " in an interview with CNN 's Jim Clancy . Asked what Georgia 's greatest resources were Saakashvili said : "  The standard answer would be people and nature , but it is people and nature . This was a country that was considered to be failing years ago and -LSB- now -RSB- it is making it . " Saakashvili was re-elected as President of Georgia in 2008 after taking over from his predecessor Eduard Shevardnadze in 2004 following his leadership of the "  Rose Revolution " protests . He said Georgia needs to "  bring back the best of the past , but also show the way to the future . " "  It 's about education , healthcare , opportunities , democracy , social transformation , meritocracy which can reverse the old corrupt , planned society that we inherited from Soviet times , " he added . Georgia gained independence in 1991 but relations with Russia since have been strained . In August 2008 , Georgian troops entered the breakaway Russian-speaking region of South Ossetia , after sporadic clashes between ethnic Russians and Georgians . South Ossetia had declared independence from Georgia in the early 1990s . Georgia 's move prompted Russian troops to enter South Ossetia and then push deep into the rest of Georgia . Each side blamed each other for the conflict but an eight-month European Union-commissioned inquiry concluded that both sides shared the blame for the conflict . Thousands of Georgians remain displaced and there is pressure on Saakashvili to repair relations with Russia . He told CNN that Georgia "  would be crazy to want hostilities with big , big Russia " and it was "  the last thing any Georgian would want . " Another ongoing problem for the president are the numbers of Georgians -- especially young people -- leaving the country . World Bank figures record Georgia 's population fell by a constant 1.2 percent  around 50,000  from 2004 to 2008 . And Georgians have had to endure high levels of depravation for several years with over half the population living below the poverty line . But this is being addressed Saakashvili says . "  We had 52 percent living in poverty . Now it is 22 percent . " Saakashvili says Georgia will soon  before the end of his presidential term in 2013  have visa-free access to the European Union . "  I 'm not afraid people will leave because I expect more to come back . This is the first former Soviet country where I think the entire political class has been replaced . And from that point of view Georgia is an attractive place for people to stay . "	Georgia President praises his own people for "  miraculous transformation " Saakashvili says creating a meritocracy will reverse "  corrupt , planned society of Soviet times " Poverty levels falling and Georgia becoming a more attractive place to stay , Saakashvili says
CNN  -- Researchers managed to create embryonic stem cells through cloning , a breakthrough in the field that was announced May 15 in the journal Cell . That study is now being called into question -- but not necessarily on scientific grounds . It appears that the study authors , led by Shoukhrat Mitalipov at Oregon Health & Science University , made some errors in the graphical presentations when they submitted the manuscript . A commenter on the PubPeer website noticed some duplication of figures  the data plots , graphics and images in a scientific paper  and apparent errors in labeling . Mitalipov acknowledged that the commenter made some valid points but told Nature.com , "  The results are real , the cell lines are real , everything is real . " Emilie Marcus , editor-in-chief of Cell , posted a statement on the study in the comments on the Cell website : "  Based on our own initial in-house assessment of issues raised and in initial discussions with the authors , it seems that there were some minor errors made by the authors when preparing the figures for initial submission . While we are continuing discussions with the authors , we do not believe these errors impact the scientific findings of the paper in any way . " The study has received several comments relating to how fast it was reviewed for publication at the journal . The review process is not being questioned , Marcus said , and the paper was not considered any less thoroughly than usual despite its being published relatively quickly . According to Nature.com , the study was accepted three days after it was submitted , and it was published 12 days later . Oregon Health & Science University released this statement : "  In response to the issues raised in PubPeer , OHSU has had several discussions with the journal which published the paper , Cell . Based on OHSU 's own initial reviews and the original assessments by Cell , OHSU agrees that there were some minor errors made when preparing the figures for initial submission . Neither OHSU nor Cell editors believe these errors impact the scientific findings of the paper in any way . We also do not believe there was any wrongdoing . " The researchers are also sending more information to Cell , including photos and original data . "  Our shared goal is to publish a correction noting the errors and correcting the photos as soon as both OHSU and Cell feel the issues are fully investigated , " the statement said . A South Korean scientist in 2004 claimed to have cloned human embryonic stem cells . Reports of Hwang Woo-suk 's studies attracted worldwide attention and enthusiasm from researchers and patients , but in 2006 he acknowledged faking his findings after questions of impropriety emerged . Hwang was convicted in 2009 of embezzling money and illegally buying human eggs , according to state media . He was sentenced to a two-year prison term suspended for three years . Here 's how the OHSU experiment in question actually worked : Normally , an embryo is created when sperm enters the egg and it starts to divide . But , in the Cell study , Mitalipov and colleagues began with skin cells from an 8-month-old baby that had a genetic disease . They did not use sperm . To create each embryo , they took the DNA out of an egg so that it was hollow and replaced it with the skin cell 's DNA instead . The baby 's DNA was the only genetic material being used . With the help of chemicals , the egg started to divide just like a normal fertilized egg would . Then , within several days , embryos genetically identical to the baby were created , from which stem cells were derived . Researchers made more than 120 embryos using this method . Embryonic stems research is inherently controversial because in order to use the stem cells for science , the embryo , which is a collection of cells that could develop into a fully formed human , is destroyed , even though embryos in these procedures are left over from in vitro fertilization . However , Mitalipov said the embryos created in his study , from skin cells and eggs , would not grow babies . That would have required additional technology , and it was n't part of the study . Cloning stem cells : What does it mean ?	A study about cloning stem cells contained errors in its presentation of graphics The journal Cell says these errors do n't impact the scientific findings Cell and the researchers want to publish a correction
CNN  -- For first-timers , South by Southwest Interactive can be a little intimidating . The Austin technology festival , which kicks off Friday , swelled to nearly 20,000 participants last year . This year , there 'll be more than 1,000 panels and presentations spread across 15 campuses in an increasingly crowded downtown . Surviving is one thing , but really experiencing and enjoying the fest often depends on what you bring , and just as importantly , do n't bring . Here 's some advice on what to equip yourself with and what to ditch before you hit SXSW . Bring : A game plan . The Interactive schedule is daunting , and that 's not even counting nighttime parties and unofficial gatherings . It pays to go through the schedule on the official site and also to skim it on sites such as lynrd.com and sched.org , or sxshhh.com , a new paid site that for $ 5 rounds up RSVP info for SXSW-adjacent parties . Make a tentative plan for what you want to see and have it handy in a phone or online calendar you can access at any time during the fest . The official app of the fest , "  SXSW Go , " is available for iOS , Android and soon Windows and BlackBerry phones . I find the iPad version is the easiest to browse through , more so even than the SXSW website itself . It does n't hurt to double - or triple-book your calendar for panel slots or parties in case a room fills up or if a line is too long . Always leave yourself some extra options . Do n't bring : Inflexibility . Once you have a set plan , be prepared to abandon whole chunks of it . You 'll meet new people , perhaps find old friends , hear about a great party that 's happening or discover that the panel you were dying to attend has been canceled or has reached capacity . Be flexible , go with the flow and have no regrets about missing something ; there 's plenty to see and do . You 'll wear yourself out and miss potentially serendipitous moments if you hold too firmly to your schedule . Bring : Extra battery packs and your own Internet . A good day at SXSW Interactive is at least 12 hours long , and you might be using your smartphone , tablet or laptop a lot to look up information or try new apps . Your batteries will get depleted , and it 's not always easy to find a free power outlet in packed panel rooms . Bring charging cables and power supplies for your gear . You can also find cheap , portable backup battery chargers for most smartphones on Amazon for as little as $ 6 to $ 10 . Buy at least one , maybe two . A portable power strip would n't hurt either if you want to share power outlets with your fellow attendees . Some years , wireless phone networks have n't held up under the strain of all the tech-centric attendees . Outside the Convention Center in the downtown wilds , there are n't as many free Wi-Fi locations as you 'd hope . If what you 're doing at the fest requires a constant Internet connection , consider bringing your own Wi-Fi hotspot device . Do n't bring : Expensive tech gear or cameras that have n't been backed up . Every year , I hear about someone who had a laptop stolen or lost a camera containing a memory card full of precious photos that were never transferred to a computer . Keep your stuff safe and do n't bring anything irreplaceable . Bring : A giant smile . Texans are very friendly . We want nothing more than for you to go home after your trip and rave about how delicious our barbecue tastes and how we 're all as soulful and attractive as the characters on "  Friday Night Lights . " But it only works if you 're humble and attitude-free . Which brings us to ... Do n't bring : Attitude . In recent years , the influx of social media gurus and marketing mavens has changed the vibe at some parts of SXSW Interactive from a spring break for nerds to a focus group for startups aimed at Twitterholics . Leave behind the smarmy business networking and condescending attitude toward those who are n't online rock stars . Do n't be That Guy  or Gal  . Bring : Comfy shoes , light clothes and an umbrella . March and October are our best weather months in Austin , but it can turn on a dime . Dress lightly , but bring a jacket for the colder evenings and have an umbrella handy in case a thunderstorm rolls through . And wear comfortable , broken-in shoes -- you 'll be on your feet a lot . Do n't bring : Ostentatious cowboy boots and a 10-gallon hat you only wear when you 're visiting Texas . We Texans see right through that crap .	SXSW veteran Omar Gallaga offers his advice for how to best appreciate the festival Make tentative plans for what you want to see and have it handy on a mobile calendar A SXSW Interactive day can be 12 hours long , so bring power-charging supplies Be flexible , go with the flow and have no regrets about missing something
CNN  -- A former teacher in Oklahoma has been charged with sending lewd images of young female students to a retired professor in Pennsylvania , authorities said Thursday . Kimberly Ann Crain , who taught third grade in McLoud Public Schools , faces 23 criminal counts , including manufacturing and possessing juvenile pornography , distribution of juvenile pornography and lewd molestation , according to a Thursday filing in Pottawatomie County district court . The alleged recipient of the photos and videotapes -- sent via e-mail and Skype -- was identified as Gary Joseph Doby . Students allegedly knew him as "  Uncle G , " according to authorities . The retired Bloomsburg University professor also has been arrested , according to Oklahoma City FBI special agent Clay Simmonds . Doby , 65 , faces eights counts of manufacturing juvenile pornography and one count of conspiracy to manufacture it . Doby 's location following his arrest could not be confirmed Thursday night , nor could it be determined whether he was being represented by an attorney . CNN 's attempts to reach Crain 's attorney Thursday night were unsuccessful . According to the complaint , Crain , 48 , took photos of the girls in a classroom and at a pizza party at her home . After a search of Crain 's home , police confiscated computers and numerous documents and asked for FBI assistance , Simmonds said . Crain was arrested on December 1 . The FBI found information on the woman 's Skype account that led them to Doby , Simmonds said . A search Thursday of Doby 's home yielded a computer "  among other questionable items , " the FBI said . As he was being led away from his arraignment and extradition hearing , Doby told a reporter for CNN affiliate WNEP in Scranton , Pennsylvania , "  Be kind and considerate to my family , because they 're going to need it and they did n't have anything to do with this . They need prayers and it 's me , not them . " Crain is accused of taking photos or videos of girls , in many cases with either their breasts or genitals exposed . A concerned Shawnee , Oklahoma , parent contacted police in mid-November after she became aware of contact the teacher had with students at her home , Simmonds said . Crain had invited the students to her home for a pizza party , according to a Shawnee police probable cause affidavit . A parent said her daughter told her that Crain took photos of the girls , dressed in bras and panties she provided , while decorating a Christmas tree , the affidavit states . The underwear had Christmas themes with words like "  Ho ! Ho ! " on them , the affidavit states . According to witnesses cited in the affidavit , Crain also would hold up a sheet in the corner of the classroom and have the girls strip down to their bras and panties . The teacher allegedly took photos of the girls , telling them "  Uncle G " is going to want to see these pictures . " The affidavit states the FBI found numerous sexual chats between Crain and Doby on Crain 's personal laptop computer . An FBI agent said that in some chats , Doby identified some of the students by name and described how "  he liked the features of their private parts and indicated that he wanted to see them nude . Within the recovered chats , Doby instructed Crain to get the girls to cooperate . " Another parent said she learned from her daughter that a hidden camera or video camera in Crain 's home captured images of the girls changing into T-shirts and panties . McLoud Public Schools said it is cooperating with law enforcement agencies . "  As you now know , the Pottawatomie County District Attorney 's office was in the midst of conducting an intense and in-depth investigation ; therefore , we complied with its request to not release any information which would in any way jeopardize the investigation , and ultimately , an additional arrest , " the schools said in a statement . A spokeswoman for Bloomsburg University told CNN Oklahoma City affiliate KWTV that Doby retired in 2008 . CNN 's Jake Carpenter , Jeremy Ryan , Nick Valencia and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Former teacher accused of taking lewd photos of young Oklahoma girls Kimberly Ann Crain is accused of sending them to a retired professor in Pennsylvania Crain and Gary Joseph Doby face multiple criminal counts in Oklahoma "  Be kind and considerate to my family , " Doby says after arraignment
CNN  -- Children 's lives are at risk in swimming pools across the country as government agencies waffle on how to enforce a new federal law , child safety advocates say . A child 's stomach shows the injuries of being sucked into a drain in a swimming pool . The law requires new drain covers on pool filtration systems . The covers prevent children from being caught in the suction , disemboweled and completely eviscerated -- "  turning your insides basically into your outsides , " said Alan Korn , public policy director of Safe Kids USA , a Washington-based nonprofit organization dedicated to preventing injuries to children . But despite the dangers -- and the federal law -- many pools are not in compliance with the law . It went into effect December 19 , and pool operators have known about it for more than a year . Some children caught in the drains can be saved , though they might be paralyzed . Some will bear the scars , in the form of welts shaped like the drain , on their bodies forever . But others die . Kids like Virginia Graeme Baker . The 7-year-old granddaughter of former U.S. Secretary of State James Baker , who went by her middle name , was in a hot tub during a school graduation party in Virginia in 2002 . Her horrified twin sister ran to their mother , Nancy Baker , saying Graeme was trapped . "  The tub was just dark . I could n't see anything , " Baker said . "  Only bubbles . " But when she jumped in and stuck her head under the water , she saw her daughter . Her daughter 's eyes were pinched shut , and her limbs were being ripped in every direction by the suction . She was "  essentially cemented " to the bottom of the pool . "  I was thinking she was tied down or caught on something , " Baker said . "  Honestly , I could n't figure it out . All that adrenaline was running through me , and I was just trying to get her out . " With all of her strength , Baker tried to pry her daughter free from the hundreds of pounds of suction force . "  I could n't understand why , despite all of my efforts , I could n't pry her free . I could n't get her off the drain , " Baker said . It took two other adults to pry Baker 's daughter free . When Baker got to the hospital , doctors said there was nothing they could do . Her daughter was gone . So Baker went on a crusade of sorts to raise awareness and help save other children from what Korn calls "  particularly horrific deaths . " "  There 's a moment in time when the child realizes that something is wrong , that they ca n't break themselves from the suction , " Korn said . The statistics for entrapment are probably grossly underestimated  only 33 deaths have been officially listed as being caused by entrapment between 1985 and 2004  because nobody knew the dangers that lurked at the bottom of the pool , according to Safe Kids USA , which was founded by Children 's National Medical Center in Washington . That was until Baker , Safe Kids USA and legislators lobbied for a law so those deaths were not in vain . The law applies to all pools with public access , including those at hotels , apartments and residential communities . But experts advise owners of residential pools , like the one Virginia Graeme Baker died in , to make the modifications , too . Several pool operators nationwide who spoke to CNN said they simply were n't given enough time to get the covers and claimed some models were n't available until weeks before the law went into effect . Others said the models they requested are on back order . See how one town is handling the change " Complicating matters further is the different way that states are enforcing the law . Because the agency overseeing the law -- the Consumer Product Safety Commission -- is so small , it is looking to state public health and safety departments for help . And some states and towns are being more lenient than others enforcing the law . Baker says there should be only one standard : saving children 's lives . "  If you make the choice not to put on this cover , you 're leaving open the chance for a child to sit on a drain and then be so horribly injured that they 'd be without their intestines , without their colon , and basically live a life on a feeding tube , " Baker said . Still , many states are allowing pools to remain open , or at least have not begun inspecting the pools and actively shutting them down . Without offering details , some health and safety officials said the law was n't being followed because they did n't have the authority to enforce it . See examples of safe and unsafe drain covers " The public health department in Riverside , California , said it will not enforce the law until a similar law is passed by the state legislature . The Connecticut Department of Health said that although the law was n't on the books in that state either , it was the "  expectation " that state and local health departments would close noncompliant pools . "  I know I would n't let my child swim in a pool without these new covers , and I 'd give that advice to any stranger , " Korn said . "  Nobody should be in these pools . " Heeding that advice , some pools across the country have closed or been shut down , including those at several high schools . For some , it was a city decision . In some cases , state health departments granted extensions if the pools turn off the suction at the bottom until covers arrive . For others , like a baby pool at the North Platte , Nebraska , Recreation Complex , the decision to shut the pool came at the request of insurance companies . Scott Wolfson , a spokesman for the safety commission , said the agency that knows some pool operators have problems obtaining the drain covers and said it is focusing its efforts on the most high-risk pools , such as wading pools , kiddie pools and the shallow end of larger pools . Wolfson said that ultimately , a pool owner will be held liable if there is an injury or a death at a pool lacking the proper drain covers . Jeff Long , communications director for the Fox Valley Park District in Illinois , has been waiting for drain covers for the pools he oversees . But he has n't gotten them . "  It 's not a matter of us ignoring the law , " Long said , adding that many of the pools he oversees will remain open . "  We obviously want to protect children , but what can we do if we ca n't get the product we need to save them ? " The answer is simple for Baker : shut down the pool until you get the product . "  Everyone has the mentality of ` it ca n't happen here ; it wo n't happen to me , ' " Baker said . "  If you would have told me eight years ago that there was any chance that I 'd live out the rest of my life thinking about the fact that my child was cemented at the bottom of a hot tub , I 'd say that was impossible , but it does happen , and it always leads to grisly , devastating misery or death . How can anyone be OK with that ? "	New federal law requires drain covers that prevent children from being sucked in Some states say they do n't have authority to enforce law , allow pools to stay open Many operators say pool covers are on back order , waiting to receive them Law named after Virginia Graeme Baker , 7 , who died after hot tub incident
CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Wednesday to send 2,000 additional troops to Ivory Coast , bringing the total mission there to more than 11,000 troops and police . The vote originally had been scheduled for Tuesday , but Security Council diplomats said it was delayed because Russia had objections to the "  political " language in the draft resolution . U.N. officials requested up to 2,000 more peacekeepers in early January . The political standoff in the country has raised fears of a renewal of the bloodshed suffered after a civil war broke out in 2002 . More than 25,000 Ivorians have fled to neighboring Liberia since the current crisis began , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reported last week . Meanwhile , the African Union on Wednesday blamed Ivory Coast 's self-declared president , Laurent Gbagbo , for the failure of talks so far to resolve the crisis in the cocoa-producing West African nation . "  There had been progress in the talks , but Gbagbo went back on his earlier agreement to remove the blockade leading to and from the Golf Hotel where  President-elect  Alassane Ouattara is staying , " said a spokesman for Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga , the AU mediator . "  Gbagbo has to step down to make way for Ouattara , who legitimately won the election , " said Odinga 's representative , Salim Lone , speaking for the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States . "  The request to remove the blockade was because the AU argued that it 's difficult to have discussions with a prisoner , " Lone said . Ouattara is holed up in the hotel in Abidjan under the protection of U.N. peacekeepers . The United Nations has blamed Gbagbo 's supporters for a string of attacks on U.N. vehicles and troops in the past week . An independent electoral commission declared Ouattara the winner of the country 's presidential election in November , but Gbagbo , the incumbent , has refused to step aside . Odinga is now leaving Ivory Coast for Ghana , Burkina Faso and Mali . He 'll meet the heads of state of each country to discuss the Ivory Coast crisis , Lone said , denying that Odinga had "  given up on ... finding a solution to the crisis . "  He 's still committed to the African Union and ECOWAS will to first and foremost find a peaceable solution to the crisis . Use of force will be a last resort , " Lone said . The Economic Community of West African States has threatened to use "  legitimate force " to remove Gbagbo , who met Monday with African Union mediator Odinga . Gbagbo 's foreign minister , Alcide Djedje , said earlier this month that the peacekeepers are "  complicit with the rebellion " and that the sitting government has "  no more confidence in the U.N. " The West African nation was wracked by civil war from 2002 to 2007 , when a settlement left the country divided between north and south . The 2010 elections came with high expectations that they would open a new chapter in the country 's history . CNN 's Lillian Leposo contributed to this report .	NEW : The United Nations votes to send 2,000 more troops was unanimous Envoy : The self-declared president reneged on a promise to lift a blockade of his rival Observers say Alassane Ouattara won the presidential election in November Incumbent Laurent Gbagbo refuses to step down
Washington  CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama stepped into the fashion world on Wednesday by helping those pursuing fashion careers have face time with some high-profile fashion icons . More than 150 students attended the first White House Fashion Education Workshop with some of the nation 's most famous designers and magazine editors , such as Anna Wintour of Vogue Magazine , Jason Wu , Diane von Furstenberg and Narciso Rodriguez . Obama , who hosted the workshops and luncheon , emphasized the importance of education in getting ahead . "  I know that many of you are hoping to one day pursue a career in fashion , and that 's why we invited you here today , because we want you to really understand what it 's going to take to be successful , " Obama said . "  We want you to see firsthand that a solid education and the willingness to work hard is really at the core of what it 's going to take to achieve your goals : education and hard work . It 's that simple . " Von Furstenberg , who designed the famous wrap dress , echoed that message and told the participants how she made her dreams come true . "  When you are young , it 's most important that first you study , that first moment of studying , that is what will stay with you forever , " she said . "  But keep your eyes opened . And be open . Be open to everything . Be curious . " The first lady also talked about the example of an unlikely fashion icon : Sara Blakely . Blakely worked her way up from selling fax machines for an office supply company and working as a ride operator at Disney World , all while developing and devoting her savings to a new business idea . "  She pitched her idea to factories and mills , asking them to help her make the product a reality , and of course , she was turned down again and again and again , " Obama recounted . "  But finally , a manager at a factory liked her idea , and today , 14 years later , Sara 's idea , Spanx , is a multibillion-dollar company with products selling in more than 50 countries . And we all wear them with pride ! " The students represented more than a dozen schools from the East Coast and participated in five workshops , where they heard from dozens of experts on the topics of construction in fashion , entrepreneurship , and fashion journalism . They also heard from a panel that included several top designers like von Furstenberg , Jenna Lyons of J. Crew , and Wu , all whose creations have been worn by Obama . Wu , who designed the first lady 's dresses for both her husband 's inaugurations , told the audience about growing up in Taiwan and feeling like he was different when he chose designing clothes over playing sports . Obama assured the fashionistas that hard work and perseverance are essential to succeed . "  I want those stories to show you that there 's no magic to being successful in fashion or in anything else . What is required is a willingness to work long nights , to suffer through rejection and failure , to rise above all of that , all the doubts and fears and anxieties , whether you come from , you know , the city , the suburbs , no matter where you come from , all those feelings are natural , " Obama said .	First Lady Michelle Obama hosts a fashion workshop at the White House More than 150 students attend the workshop Obama emphasizes the importance of education in front of more than 150 students
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Several events converged recently that conspired to take me back to the summer of 2006 , the summer I snuck into Iraq . The first event was the Iraqi elections . The second was the Oscars . The third was a concert at a little bar tucked into a hip corner of the hippest neighborhood in the world -- Williamsburg , Brooklyn . These events all brought me a little closer to that time , a little closer to recalling the way things were back then . And I realized how much I had forgotten . The summer / fall of 2006 had a name -- at least it did in Iraq . It was called the Battle for Baghdad . It was one of the most bloody periods of the war . The moment just before the Surge where hundreds of people -- hundreds of Iraqis -- were dying every day . I say we snuck into the country because we did . We had been trying to obtain permission to get into the country legally , but it was proving very difficult . We heard through a friend that you could fly into Erbil through Germany . So we did . Without any papers we bought one-way tickets in cash from Erbil to Baghdad . To me it was a really bad sign : who was in charge of the  expletive  show down there ? There was a real feeling of desperation in the air when my friend Suroosh and I landed at the Baghdad International Airport . Someone in Iraq even told us that there was a rumor floating around that the U.S. forces were seriously considering building a moat around the city . Once inside , we aligned to our mission : to find and interview the only heavy metal band in the country , Acrassicauda . It was n't easy , but we found the guys -- Faisal and Firas -- and spent a week interviewing them in locations that would keep them safe from accusations of collaboration with the enemy . We met two of the nicest , warmest , funniest dudes , and through them our perspective on this war , and all war , was fundamentally changed . For the first time , I saw the war through the eyes of the oppressed , and saw it for what it was :  expletive  stupid . It was a stupid , stupid war . And the old men that conducted it , on both sides , were essentially the same ugly evil idiots ; the same ideologues that championed their own particular visions of a new world order under the banner of their chosen gods -- money , freedom , oil , Allah -- take your pick . See the rest of Heavy Metal in Baghdad at VBS.TV The recent elections saw a flare in the random violence that characterized the hottest periods of the war and reminded me that the desire to kill is still very much alive in Iraq . That the cost of life is still very low . The recent Oscars proved to me how myopic we still are about that war , about our role in it . Kathryn  Bigelow 's champions film of champions  "  The Hurt Locker "  shows the Americans as the heroes , addicted to comradeship and the thrill of battle , and the Iraqis as the faceless aggressors resorting to cheap tactics and foul play . A rather disgusting narrative point of view , especially unnerving when you consider how determined Bigelow et screaming actors al were to create an apolitical discursive cocoon around their film . It 's as though they were being willfully , culturally stupid , which is strange from a director that is considered , buy most accounts , to be an intelligent filmmaker . Last night , I made my way to a little event at a little bar in Brooklyn . Almost four years since my trip to Iraq , and those awesome dudes -- Faisal , Firas , Marwan and Tony -- now live in New York . They made it out of Iraq , out of exile in Syria , out of the limbo of their refugee existences in Turkey , and they made it to the stage . Last night Acrassicauda rocked out . They are alive and well , and growing their hair long in peace . As they played I could n't help thinking that behind these four guys stands an entire generation of young Iraqis who had their lives torn apart for a truly stupid war that was built on lies and sustained by our inability to empathize . The first decade of the century was a shame . I just hope we learn something from it .	VBS.TV crew travels to Iraq to find and interview the only heavy metal band in the country Film follows "  Acrassicauda " through their struggles following the 2003 fall of Saddam Hussein Today , band is "  alive and well , and growing their hair long in peace . "
DEATH VALLEY , California  CNN  -- Today , you get a call from a friend . They need a favor . Runners chase each other during the first 20 miles of Badwater . Would you mind spending your vacation time this summer in Death Valley , a desert where temperatures hover around 130 degrees ? Would you be OK with sleeping in a van , if you get to sleep at all , for three days , because you 'll be working your tail off spraying runners down with water , dunking them in ice and keeping track of everything that goes in  and -- yes -- out  of their body every 15 minutes so they do n't die running 135 miles in the hardest footrace on the planet ? "  Yeah , man , it 's Badwater . You do n't turn down a chance to be at Badwater , " Mark Paterson said , adjusting his visor as sweat soaked his face . He pulls at his shirt , trying to create some air , pointlessly . It was 4 p.m. and 126 degrees in a Death Valley village called Furnace Creek , what whoever coined the phrase , ` Hell on earth ' had in mind . "  You get that call and you do what 's right , " Paterson said . "  You make sure your runner gets the ultimate bragging right , maybe the biggest big deal of all , the event that makes everyone else go , ` Badwater ? Oh , no , man , you did not just do that ! ' " Paterson was right . The Adventurecorps Badwater Ultramarathon is infamous in endurance sports circles . It is the running equivalent of summiting Everest , the ultimate test of mental fortitude , a hippy communion with the desert of epic highs and lows  literally -- the race starts at 280 feet below sea level , the lowest point in the Western Hemisphere , covers three mountain ranges for descents and ascents totaling 9,000 feet and ends halfway up Mount Whitney , the highest point in the contiguous United States  . For all the nonsweaters out there -- consider how long it takes to drive from Baltimore to New York . Now imagine running that distance ... without sleep ... with 10,000 blow dryers pointed at you the entire time . Watch what it takes to battle Badwater " All that for a belt buckle ? You apply to Badwater the way you apply to Harvard . Runners from across the world try to wow a finicky race jury by submitting awesome scores  provable race finishing times from at least two 100-mile events  and an essay conveying they have the stamina to tackle such a gnarly challenge . Gnarly meaning blisters that turn feet into pizza ; dehydration that can lead to organ and brain damage , heat stroke and hyponatremia ; a salt imbalance that makes extremities swell like sausages . For good measure , let 's throw in heat and sleep-deprivation induced hallucinations . The entry fee is $ 795  steep , sure , but an eight-person medical team , insurance , supplies and logistics to stage a monster event in the middle of nowhere ai n't cheap  . Crews are n't paid . The prize at the race often called Satan 's Fun Run , should one finish in less than 48 hours , is a thick silver belt buckle . See the runners , the finish and the buckle " "  To talk about the buckle is to miss the point , " said Marshall Ulrich , a 58-year-old endurance sensei who has done Badwater more than a dozen times and has summited Everest . Notorious for having his toenails surgically removed -- toenails fall off anyway when you 're an endurance runner -- Marshall is , contrary to what most people assume , not a machine . He started running when he was 28 , after his doctor told him to get off his butt and lower his blood pressure or expect an early grave . See interactive map of route , distance , elevation " "  You run Badwater because there 's something in you that wants to get out there , in the middle of nowhere , and think about something . It 's a way of freeing yourself , getting back to what I really believe people are supposed to be doing instead of relying so much on a bunch of material crap that only makes us weaker . We are built to run , to cover great distance , for survival sake . " Slightly less extreme , the women 's winner of Badwater , two years in a row , is Jamie Donaldson , a middle school math teacher from Colorado . A lawyer , politician , small business owner , real estate agent and a college student ran Badwater this year , and its overall winner , coming in at 23:39:18 , was Marcos Farinazzo , a 40-year-old hospital worker from Brazil . The oldest runner this year was 67-year-old Arthur Webb , who has finished 10 consecutive Badwaters . Race officials using walkie-talkies  there 's no cell service in Death Valley  counted him out at mile 17 where he cramped and jumped in a pool to cool down . Time , ice and a few massages later , Webb was on the course again , not stopping until he crossed the finish line more than 40 hours later . Good crew , good race -- probably "  First , you got ta have your hydration log . How much has your runner had to drink , how much do they need , " Paterson said . "  Endurolytes , quarters of peanut butter sandwiches , something fizzy for when they start having digestion issues -- 'cause they 're gon na have 'em -- your various tapes and bandages for the feet , Neosporin , Preparation H , animal cookies , " he said . "  We jump out of that van every quarter mile with two buckets . I got my bucket of water and ice with a straight block of ice and a bucket of ice and sports drink . The runner gets every other one , you rotate . " The grossest but most necessary job ? "  You have to check if their urine is clear , so you better be looking at that , and they better be going often , " Paterson said . As the race wore on , its 60-hour course limit blurring the days , plastic cups labeled with runners ' names who 'd suffered serious dehydration began dotting a hotel room that served as Badwater 's medical center . They looked filled with varying concentrations of apple juice , one redder than the next . Paterson 's runner Tim Kjenstad , a 51-year-old California firefighter , has run Badwater before , but this year , sacked by severe dehydration and bodily functions that do n't need to be mentioned , he had to DNF  the dreaded initials for Did Not Finish  at mile 44 . "  Nobody can say that running 135 miles in the desert is healthy , " said Dr. Lisa Stranc Bliss , the head of the medical staff , who herself has run Badwater . "  But I 'm not going to say it is n't one of the most incredible experiences of your life . " Beyond the physical , there 's an emotional bond forged between crew members and runners that military types call "  embracing the suck . " The wife of a Brazilian runner , Cas Camara , who came in dead last far past the 60-hour mark , screamed and cried and begged her husband , who had fallen to the ground , his body seemingly wasted , to get up , get up and finish . Members of a Navajo tribe and an entire family , tiny kids included , packed into a van to follow one runner . When Arnold Begay reached his breaking point , two of the men lifted him to his feet and a woman cupped his face and sang to him . He went on . Some crewers ran 80 kilometers , completely anonymously , just to keep their runner on a specific pace . Many were exhausted from running their own ultramarathons only weeks before . Badwater 's past champ , Hungarian Akos Konya crewed for 19-year-old Arizona college student Nick Hollon who made history as the event 's youngest ever competitor . "  Nick emailed me and said how would you like to help me , " explained Konya , hovering over his runner Nick Hollon at mile 72 . Hollon was in pain . The teen 's feet were chewed and he was about to take a needle to his blisters . Konya , skinny and fast as a Greyhound , put his hand on Hollon 's shoulder . He seemed shocked by the question -- Why would you go through Badwater to help out a kid you barely know ? "  Why would I not help him do this ? He asked me . I do n't understand why you would say no . "	Badwater Ultramarathon is 135 miles through one of the hottest deserts in the world It 's essential that runners bring crews who check their vitals through three-day race Prize for finishing the course that traverses three mountain ranges ? A belt buckle
CNN  -- People arrested amid unrest in Syria are being subjected to systematic torture , including electric shocks , beatings and sexual violence , a report by rights group Amnesty International said Wednesday . Based on interviews in Jordan with dozens of Syrians who have fled the country , the report details "  31 methods of torture or other ill treatment " at the hands of the security forces , army and pro-government armed gangs . This Thursday marks a year since unrest first broke out , prompting a bloody crackdown and massive wave of arrests by the Syrian authorities . The government says it is battling "  armed terrorist groups " but international leaders and rights groups dispute that . The torture meted out to those arrested on suspicion of opposing the government has generally followed a set pattern , says the Amnesty International report , titled " ' I wanted to die ' : Syria 's torture survivors speak out . " Many detainees say they were beaten on arrest , and then subjected to severe beatings on arrival at detention centers . But their accounts show the greatest risk of abuse came when they were interrogated , the report says . Several detainees describe being forced into a vehicle tire and then beaten with cables or sticks , the report says . Others tell of being suspended above the ground by their wrists and then beaten , and of being forced to strip naked , often for long periods in extreme cold . An 18-year-old victim named as "  Karim " told researchers that his interrogators used pincers to gouge flesh from his legs while he was held for 25 days in Daraa in December . Another man , a 29-year-old Arabic language teacher identified as "  Musleh , " also described horrific treatment while being held in Daraa . "  We were hung from wood -- crucified -- while blindfolded and handcuffed , and then beaten mercilessly and repeatedly between 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. , " he told the Amnesty researchers . Detainees also were forced to witness abuse and hear others -- sometimes relatives or friends -- being tortured and raped , the report says . "  I heard the screams of those being tortured for 24 hours a day . While in the cell we were busy praying for the safety of those who are being tortured , " Musleh is quoted as saying . The accounts reveal "  a nightmarish world of systematic torture , " said Ann Harrison , interim deputy director for Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa program . "  The testimonies we have heard give disturbing insights into a system of detention and interrogation which , a year after protests began , appears intended primarily to degrade , humiliate and terrify its victims into silence , " she said . She said the experience for detainees arrested over the past year is similar to that endured under former President Hafez Assad , father of the current leader , Bashar al-Assad . Researchers spoke with dozens of Syrians in Jordan , including 25 who said they were tortured or ill-treated in detention before fleeing the country , an Amnesty press statement says . More than half the 19 cases featured in the report are from Daraa province , it adds . The abuses are being routinely carried out despite Syria being a party to the Convention against Torture and other international agreements , the report says , and the Syrian authorities "  appear to have no desire to try to stamp out these grave human rights violations . " The rights group urges Syria to take "  urgent measures " to prevent further crimes under international law , including ending the arbitrary arrest and detention of those protesting peacefully against the government and halting the systemic use of torture . It also calls on the international community to take on responsibility for protecting the human rights of the Syrian people and ensuring violations are investigated and prosecuted . International leaders should also assist humanitarian agencies , rights groups and non-governmental organizations in helping the survivors of torture and their families , particularly in cases of sexual violence . Lastly , the report urges the U.N. Security Council to act by referring the situation to the International Criminal Court for investigation , imposing a comprehensive arms embargo and freezing the assets of al-Assad and his associates . Russia and China vetoed a Security Council resolution last month that many other countries argued could have helped stop the violence . The resolution would have condemned al-Assad and called on him to step aside . More than 8,000 people have been killed in the Syrian conflict , including many women and children , Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser , current president of the U.N. General Assembly , said Tuesday . Opposition activists have put the toll at more than 9,000 . About 30,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring countries in the past year , according to Panos Moumtzis , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees ' coordinator for Syrian refugees . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or attacks in Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . But most reports from inside Syria indicate the regime is slaughtering civilians to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . The al-Assad family has ruled Syria for more than four decades . Members of the Syrian security forces are also among those killed as the initially peaceful protests have spiraled into widespread violence . CNN 's Bruce Conover contributed to this report .	Syrian survivors describe brutal treatment by security forces , Amnesty International says Beatings , electric shocks and sexual violence are widely used in interrogations , detainees say The testimonies are further evidence of crimes against humanity in Syria , Amnesty says Syria 's crackdown began a year ago ; authorities say they are combating armed terrorists
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Four men were indicted Tuesday in what prosecutors said was a plot to bomb two New York City synagogues and fire surface-to-air missiles at U.S. military planes . Three of the four suspects in the alleged synagogue bombing plot are shown after their arrests . The defendants -- James Cromitie , 44 ; David Williams , 28 ; Onta Williams , 32 ; and Laguerre Payen , 27 -- were charged with conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction within the United States , conspiracy to acquire and use anti-aircraft missiles and six other counts . They face a maximum penalty of life in prison . Arraignment is scheduled for Wednesday . The plot was uncovered in a yearlong investigation involving an FBI informant . It ended with federal agents and New York police used an 18-wheel truck to block a vehicle carrying the suspects after they planted what they believed were explosive devices in cars near the synagogues , said New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly . The planted devices were actually duds . The four are accused of plotting to detonate explosives near two synagogues in the Riverdale section of the Bronx and seeking to fire missiles at planes at an Air National Guard base . Kelly described the plot as homegrown , with no known links to any foreign or domestic groups . At a court hearing on May 21 , U.S. Magistrate Lisa Smith ordered three of the suspects -- Cromitie , David Williams and Onta Williams -- to remain in custody without bail . Prosecutor Eric Snyder described the suspects as violent men "  eager to bring death to Jews . " At a later hearing , the fourth suspect -- Laguerre Payen -- also was remanded without bail . Payen received medical treatment for injuries during the arrest and had a bandage over one eye at his hearing . Payen 's lawyer told the hearing that her client had a history of mental instability , but Snyder , the prosecutor , said videotapes of the plotters showed Payen to be a coherent and willing participant . Payen told the judge he has prescriptions for drugs used to treat depression and conditions including bipolar disorder . Cromitie , David Williams and Onta Williams are U.S. citizens , while Payen is Haitian , according to the New York governor 's office . Mayor Michael Bloomberg praised the work of his city 's Police Department and federal authorities in uncovering the alleged plot . "  The good news here is that the New York Police Department and FBI did exactly what they 're trained to do and prevented what could have been a terrible event , " Bloomberg said . "  We have to constantly be vigilant . " "  Unfortunately , this is the world we live in , " said Nurit Bacharach of the Gan Miriam Early Childhood Center at the Hebrew Institute in Riverdale . "  We just have to forge ahead and keep a positive mind and live life and just be cautious and aware . " According to state and federal authorities , an FBI informant met with Cromitie in June 2008 in Newburgh , New York . During that meeting Cromitie said his parents live in Afghanistan , he was angry about the U.S. war there and that he had an interest in "  doing something to America . " The four suspects began meeting with the informant at a home equipped with concealed video and audio equipment , plotting to bomb the synagogues , authorities said . The suspects also conducted surveillance , including photographs , of an Air National Guard base where they wanted to blow up planes , authorities said . The informant provided the men with a surface-to-air guided missile and C-4 plastic explosives , none of which could actually be used . "  No one was at risk , " said Kelly , the police commissioner , describing the explosive devices as duds created to dupe the suspects . CNN 's Laurie Segall contributed to this report	Four men accused of plotting to bomb two synagogues , fire missiles at military jets Police say informant gave conspirators phony explosive devices , which they planted New York City mayor praises police , FBI : "  We have to constantly be vigilant " One of the suspects tells judge he has depression and bipolar disorder
CNN  -- Defending champions Real Madrid trail arch rivals Barcelona by a massive 18 points in the Spanish League , so for the rest of the season their mission is to hunt down success in the cup competitions . Such a gap to their Catalan cousins has heaped the pressure on Real coach Jose Mourinho , who must now focus on Spain 's premier cup competition , the Copa del Rey , and the European Champions League for salvation . All might be forgiven if he was to secure Europe 's most prestigious club prize for a third time as coach , after previous triumphs with Portuguese side Porto and Italian giants Inter Milan . At the very least Real 's fans will expect him to win the Spain 's second biggest domestic trophy , and a 2-0 win in the first leg of their Copa del Rey tie was enough to quieten the protests against him . A strike from Karim Benzema and an Andr  s Guardado own goal sealed victory on a chilly night in Madrid but Real rode their luck on several occasions in front of their vociferous home support . Cristiano Ronaldo , as ever , was at the center of most of Real 's attacking thrusts in the early stages , the Portuguese striker firing a free kick narrowly wide of the post in the opening stages . Luka Modric , signed last year from English club Tottenham Hotspur , then spurned a glorious chance to put Real ahead before Valencia 's Brazilian striker Jonas twice went close in a matter of minutes . His misses were to prove costly as Benzema then slotted home from Germany international Sami Khedira 's pass inside the area on 37 minutes . Real 's fans began to get restless around the hour mark as Valencia began to dominate before Jonas shot wide of an open goal from 12 yards after Real goalkeeper Iker Casillas had parried Roberto Soldado 's effort into his path . Again , within minutes of a Jonas miss Real scored , this time Valencia defender Guardado putting through his own net from a Fabio Coentrao cross . Ronaldo was then denied his 29th goal of the season by two brilliant saves from Valencia goalkeeper Vicente , who first repelled the striker 's point blank shot from ten yards out before flicking a powerful strike round the post less than a minute later . A 2-0 win gives Real a comfortable cushion going into the return leg in Valencia next Wednesday . In the Italian Cup , Inter Milan had to rely on a goal seconds from the end of extra time to beat Bologna 3-2 and progress to the semifinals . Goals from Fredy Guarin and Rodrigo Palacio put Inter in a commanding position but two goals in four minutes from Alessandro Diamanti and Manolo Gabbiadini pushed the match into extra time . But with a penalty shootout looming Andrea Ranocchia 's header crushed Bologna and sent Inter through to the next round . In England 's premier cup competition , the FA Cup , there were replay wins for Premier League sides Wigan , Queens Park Rangers , Stoke and Fulham , though Sunderland succumbed to second tier Bolton .	Real Madrid beat Valencia 2-0 in the first leg of their Spanish Cup quarterfinal tie A strike from Karim Benzema and an Andr  s Guardado own goal seal victory Win eases pressure on under fire Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho Inter Milan beat Bologna 3-2 with a goal seconds before tie went to penalties
ATHENS , Greece  CNN  -- Protesters clashed with riot police and 10,000 people marched on parliament in Greece as a 15-year-old boy killed by police was buried Tuesday . Tear gas fills the air near where the teen 's funeral service was held . Thousands paid their respects to Alexandros Grigoropoulos at his funeral , but a small number of the protesters there grew violent at the end of the ceremony . Riot police lined up as night fell and a reasonably peaceful candlelight vigil was held in central Athens . Some 10,000 people marched on the country 's parliament Tuesday to express their anger at the teenager 's death , and also other issues like the economy , jobs , and allegations that the government is corrupt . Groups clashed with riot police at the parliament and across central Athens . Street riots started over the weekend after Athens police killed 15-year-old Alexandros Grigoropoulos on Saturday . Police said six young protesters pelted a police patrol car with stones , and the teen was shot as he tried to throw a fuel-filled bomb at the officers . The shooting occurred in a neighborhood where there have been regular clashes with police , but it immediately sparked clashes and riots in Athens and Thessaloniki , the country 's second-largest city . The violence then spread to other municipalities . Watch iReporter John Kountouris ' videos of the violence " The events have exacerbated the unpopularity of the ruling party and left Greek Prime Minister Konstandinos Karamanlis scrambling to shore up support . Watch crowds gathered for funeral " On Tuesday , he met with President Karolos Papoulias and cabinet members before briefing political leaders on the country 's security situation . Opposition leader George Papandreou of the left-wing PASOK party said : "  The country does not have a government that can protect its citizens , their rights , or their safety . "  I told Mr. Karamanlis that our society , our citizens are experiencing a multiple crisis : an economic crisis , a social crisis , an institutional crisis , and a crisis of values . And the government is unable to address these crises ; they have lost the confidence of the Greek people . " See images of anarchy on Greek streets " Karamanlis ruled out early elections and called for all political parties to stand together against violence . "  It 's our responsibility to maintain a united stance against illegal acts , " he said in statement . "  We must condemn in the strongest terms , with pure reason and not minced words - the violence , pillaging , and vandalism , that hampers social peace . " The government called on union leaders to cancel a national strike planned for Wednesday , fearing it could lead to further violence . But the labor movement refused , saying the action was planned before the shooting of the boy and was unrelated to it . Cleaning crews worked for hours early Tuesday to clear the mess left by the riots , but evidence of the violence remained . In some places , entire rows of shops still have broken windows . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share photos , video of rioting The mayor of Athens asked residents not to dispose of garbage for a day because many of the city 's trash bins were destroyed in the violence . Karamanlis vowed again Tuesday that those responsible for the violence would be punished . "  I assured the president that no leniency will be tolerated in holding people accountable , " he told reporters . "  No one has the right to use this tragic incident as an alibi for actions of raw violence . " Athens police said 12 policemen were injured in Monday 's violence and 87 people were arrested . There were 10 flashpoints across Athens where police confronted rioters , police said . Watch protesters clash with police " Many of the young people who rioted holed up at universities , taking advantage of a decades-old rule that bars police from entering university grounds . The rule came into force after tanks crushed a 1973 student uprising protesting the ruling military junta . The dean of Athens University resigned Tuesday as a result of the students ' violent behavior . Public and private schools and universities across the country were shut again Tuesday . Watch as iReporter witnesses the clashes Demonstrators torched government buildings and the offices of the ruling conservative party in central Athens . They also set cars and trash containers ablaze . Monday , young demonstrators barricaded streets in Athens and Thessaloniki and hurled gasoline bombs as they battled police . Clouds of tear gas hung over the capital as police tried to disperse the crowds . The police officer who fired the fatal shot at the teenage boy has been charged with "  manslaughter with intent " and suspended from duty , police said , adding that a second police officer was arrested Saturday on criminal accessory charges . Government officials , including the interior minister , have condemned the shooting . Authorities conducted an autopsy on the boy Monday in an effort to clarify the circumstances of the shooting , but the boy 's family has called in their own investigators to verify state findings , the Athens coroner told CNN . CNN 's Eileen Hsieh and Phil Black , and Journalist Anthee Carassava , contributed to this report	Funeral held for 15-year-old shot dead by police in Greece Anti-government violence flares at funeral and outside parliament Protesters are angry at government policies as well as the teen 's death Alexandros Grigoropoulos ' death sparked riots across Greece
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- President Obama appeared at two recent fundraisers with some serious sticker shock . About 200 people ponied up at least $ 5,000 per ticket for an event hosted by Ricky Martin . That was followed by a function at a private home where 60 people spent $ 38,500 each to get through the door . Just last week , Obama -- with George Clooney -- raised $ 15 million in one night . This makes me wonder how in the hell our political process became so distorted that Obama needs this much money to run for re-election . I thought we were broke ? And yet , at the end of March , Obama and his presumed general election opponent , Mitt Romney , had raised nearly a combined $ 300 million , almost enough to fund Planned Parenthood 's annual budget by themselves . Forget Wall Street , it 's the campaign trail that needs to be occupied . The median income in the United States is about $ 50,000 , so I doubt very many 99 percenters are able to meet the $ 75,000 minimum that was expected at a recent Romney fundraiser . Did you know the goal of the RNC is to raise $ 800 million by November ? Imagine how many families could be helped if just half of that was used to train people for the new job market , as opposed to being spent to help one guy get hired ? Face it , the president and Romney may have different political and economic views , but they are both propped up by highly affluent power brokers who are expecting big returns for the big checks they are writing . This is why the worst thing to happen to our process was the Supreme Court 's 2010 Citizens United decision , which allows corporations  and unions  to spend unlimited funds to promote a candidate . This is akin to handing the keys of a bakery to the Cookie Monster . These big spenders are not just involved in shaping dialogue . They get involved with shaping policy , which inevitably makes the good of the people secondary to the good of the deepest pockets . We do n't just need campaign reform , we need roadblocks to prevent special interest groups from turning the democratic process into more of a sham that it already is . Let the Supreme Court keep its ridiculous ruling , but set a limit on the amount of money candidates can raise and spend on their campaigns . Require all ads and debates to be aired on public television , and then cap the number of hours each party is allowed to use during the general election . By putting it on public television , we stop large media conglomerates from profiting from the process . So , ideally Obama and Romney would both get $ 10 million and 40 hours of advertisement to state their case . Let 's take away the $ 200 million war chests that Obama has been able to amass in both 2008 and 2012 , and force him and future candidates to find a way to persuade the country to vote for them without relying on their ability to outspend their opponent . I know , I know , Romney would n't even be in the position he 's in without outspending -- and dare I say , bullying -- his opponents . By leveling the economic playing field , our politicians have a chance to return to being representatives of the people , not just the ones who know the right people or make the right promises . Before making the rounds in New York on Monday , President Obama tweeted a sentence from the commencement speech he gave at Barnard College : "  Do n't just get involved . Fight for your seat at the table . Better yet , fight for your seat at the head of the table . " He left out the part about needing $ 5,000 to get in the door so you can even see the table . But I guess those messy details are easy to overlook in a country with an 8.1 % unemployment rate , whose leaders still find it appropriate to hold fundraisers for rich people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : As of March , Obama and Romney had raised combined $ 300 million LZ asks , since when did candidates need this much money to campaign ? Limits should be put on the time and money spent to win office , he writes LZ : So many people do n't have jobs , and we 're fundraising for the rich
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Seeking to make the world of autism a little smaller , members of the international diplomatic community gathered Friday at the United Nations World Focus on Autism . Ban Soon-taek , wife of U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon , addresses the autism forum . "  Not too long ago , those affected by autism-related disorders were set aside , placed in institutions , or dismissed as untreatable lost cases , " explains Ban Soon-taek , chair of the Forum and wife of U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon . "  Today , sadly this reality is still prevalent in some parts of the world . " Ban called for the professional community and society as a whole to become more involved , compassionate and accepting of this complex condition and stressed the importance of early intervention for every child in the world who lives with autism . CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour moderated the event , prompting first ladies , medical experts and the international community to address the challenges inherent in globalizing the fight against autism . The event was co-chaired by U.S. first lady Laura Bush , who did not attend , and Madame Dorrit Moussaieff , first lady of Iceland . Autism Speaks , an advocacy group created to fund research into the causes , treatments and effective diagnostic tools for autism , presented the program . The group 's past efforts led to the U.N. General Assembly 's adoption of April 2 as World Autism Awareness Day . It is only the third disease to be given an officially observed day by the U.N. , following diabetes and AIDS . The group 's current global initiatives aim to provide more trained professionals to diagnose and provide effective early interventions , and for collaboration between countries to conduct more epidemiological studies . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour reports on the U.N. forum on autism " In the United States , 1 in 150 people are estimated to have an autism spectrum-related disorder . Geraldine Dawson , chief science officer of Autism Speaks , estimates the condition is a greater burden on our resources than type 1 diabetes , childhood leukemia and cystic fibrosis combined , costing Americans more than $ 90 billion annually . For families , she points out , the cost is immeasurable . On a global scale , however , autism rates are largely unknown , because of a lack of research and reliable epidemiological studies and a relative lack of awareness surrounding the condition , Dawson told CNN . The dearth of autism education leads to another global obstacle : social stigma surrounding the disease . In an interview with CNN , Vivian Fernandez de Torrijos , honorary co-chair and wife of Panamanian president Martin Torrijos , said lack of awareness and social stigma are part of the reason autism is diagnosed later in life in Latin America . Panamanians "  do n't think that it 's a syndrome . They do n't have any idea about it because we need more education on what autism is . " At the event , Torrijos discussed the need for more programs such as the Pan American Autism Awareness Initiative , an international collaboration between Autism Speaks and North , South and Central America , first announced in May 2008 . The initiative 's first purpose is focused on increasing awareness among health professionals and parents alike . Another international collaboration brought about by Autism Speaks and championed at the U.N. event is the Shafallah Center for Children with Special needs in Doha , Qatar . In April 2008 the Shafallah Center , under the patronage of the Qatari Emir 's wife Sheikha Moza Bint Nasser Bin Abdullah Al-Missned , joined efforts with Autism Speaks to raise autism awareness in Qatar and the rest of the Middle East . Suzanne Wright , co-founder of Autism Speaks , characterized the growing number of global initiatives as a sign that identifying a cause and cure for the disorder is potentially on the horizon . "  Autism speaks , " she says , "  and finally the world is listening . "	Ban Soon-taek calls for society as a whole to become more involved April 2 is World Autism Awareness Day One in 150 people in the U.S. are estimated to have an autism-related disorder
Amazon wants you to buy its first smartphone , the Fire , which it unveiled Wednesday . But it also wants you to use that phone to buy more stuff ... from Amazon . And one of the device 's most distinctive features is designed to make it as easy as possible do just that . It 's called Firefly , and it contains image - , text - and audio-recognition technology to help you scan and identify books , songs , movies and other items . Amazon wants you to use Firefly so much that the feature has its own dedicated button on the side of the phone for one-stop shopping . "  The Firefly button lets you identify printed Web and email addresses , phone numbers , QR and bar codes , artwork , and over 100 million items , including songs , movies , TV shows , and products -- and take action in seconds , " Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos said in announcing the phone , which will run Amazon 's Fire operating system . For example , you could use the phone 's cameras and sensors to identify an exotic fruit or vegetable , figure out who sings a song on the radio or help send an e-mail to a new contact after scanning their business card . But forget all that . Well , except for maybe the song . Once you 've identified the tune , Amazon wants you to download it . From Amazon . Bezos demonstrated the feature onstage Wednesday by using the phone to instantly identify items arrayed on a table , including a book , a CD and a jar of Nutella . As with products like its Kindle e-readers , Kindle Fire tablets and Amazon Fire TV , the Fire Phone is designed to pull you into Amazon 's growing universe of products and services and then keep you there . So with Firefly , the Amazon Music Store will pop up as the default source to buy that song . And that 's also where those QR and bar codes come in . Firefly will make it even easier to pursue a habit that has proliferated in the smartphone age and driven brick-and-mortar stores crazy . A user will presumably be able to walk into a store , pick out a product they like , zap it with Firefly and , within a second or two , find out whether it 's available on Amazon for less money .  And then maybe even order it right there from their phone . According to Amazon , the Firefly feature will recognize 70 million products , 35 million songs , 245,000 movies and TV episodes , and 160 live TV channels . That 's a lot of chances to spend money . The Fire also boasts a 3-D screen . It ships July 25 , although you can pre-order it now . The phone is available only on AT&T 's network . If there 's one difference between the Firefly-loaded Fire Phone and other Amazon hardware , it 's the price . At $ 199 for a 32GB model and $ 299 for the 64GB -- with an AT&T contract -- its cost is comparable with that of other high-end smartphones . By comparison , the Kindle Fire tablet debuted in 2011 at $ 199 , a full $ 300 less than the cheapest iPad 2 at the time . The first Kindle e-reader debuted about $ 400 but quickly dropped in price . There are Kindles that can now be purchased for about $ 70 . Under Bezos , the company 's strategy has been to sell hardware for less than its competitors , sometimes even at a loss , to get customers using other Amazon products . As such , customers who buy the Fire soon will get a free year 's subscription  normally $ 99  to Amazon Prime , which offers two-day shipping , free streaming on Prime Instant Video and access to the Kindle book-lending library . Whether the Fire Phone will be an instant hit remains to be seen . Shoppers may be hesitant to buy a phone online if they ca n't test it out in stores . But if Amazon can carve out a decent piece of the smartphone market , which moved more than 1 billion phones last year , Firefly may help make sure those Amazon purchases just keep on coming .	Firefly is Amazon 's recognition tool for the new Fire Phone Amazon says Firefly can identify more than 100 million items Users can then click to buy an item from Amazon Phone is designed to pull you into Amazon 's growing universe of services
CNN  -- "  No negotiating with terrorists " versus "  Leave no soldier behind . " With the long war in Afghanistan winding down , the plight of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl has left the U.S. government trying to reconcile those two longstanding credos in a bid to win the freedom of the only American solider held as a captive . Bergdahl has been held by insurgents in Pakistan since 2009 . Extremely sensitive discussions are under way with intermediaries overseas to see if there is any ability to gain his release , a U.S. official told CNN on Tuesday . The official declined to be identified due to the nature of the discussions , which are being led by U.S. diplomats , although the Defense Department is also involved . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby declined comment , but Bergdahl 's family welcomed the news in a statement on Tuesday . Source : Missing U.S. soldier Bowe Bergdahl seen in video "  We applaud the unity of purpose and resolve at the White House and the other U.S. government agencies involved , " the Bergdahls said . "  We thank all involved for this renewed effort and we hope everyone takes this opportunity seriously . We are cautiously optimistic these discussions will lead to the safe return of our son after more than four and a half years in captivity . " The discussions were first reported by The Daily Beast last week . Home-state Sen. Mike Crapo , R-Idaho , said Bergdahl 's release is "  the highest priority that I have in my office , " and said he 's confident it 's at the top of other government officials ' lists as well . "  Frankly , a lot of what 's going on is confidential and can not be discussed . And I 'm not familiar with exactly what details are going on right now in terms of any negotiations , " Crapo told CNN . "  What I can assure you is I 've met with our military and diplomatic and intelligence authorities , both in the United States and in Afghanistan and Pakistan , about this , and I 'm convinced that they are making this a very high priority . " American officials are adamant they have never given up on trying to get Bergdahl back and resist calling the current effort "  renewed " discussions . But driving the current effort , according to the U.S. official , is Bergdahl 's poor health and concern a full troop withdrawal from Afghanistan at year 's end would essentially close the door an any rescue attempt . The United States has long declared that it wo n't negotiate with terrorists , which is what it considers the Taliban . However , "  We have a history of being able to dance pretty effectively along the edges of the declaration , " said retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN military analyst . "  We have had communications with all forms of bad guys , to include the Taliban , in the past , " Marks said . This time , the planned American pullout means "  the clock is ticking " on efforts to bring Bergdahl home , he said . One possible obstacle to securing his release is what may be asked in return . The Taliban has long demanded the release of five detainees at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba -- but another U.S. official said releasing them would be difficult because Congress would have to be notified in advance , and lawmakers have previously resisted releasing them . Bowe Bergdahl : Strong , well-rounded and easy to talk to , friends say Van Hipp , who served as a deputy assistant Army secretary under former President George H.W. Bush , said that trading Guantanamo inmates for Bergdahl would put at risk "  every American soldier deployed all over the world . " "  We are sending the message to terrorist organizations all over the world that it 's OK to capture an American soldier -- that America will deal with you , " said Hipp , now a defense consultant in Washington . "  I think we need to give the green light to the special ops and let them do their jobs quietly and methodically , as they have done so well in the past , " he added . In May 2012 , the U.S. government acknowledged that it had been engaged in talks with the Taliban to free Bergdahl , but those talks moved in fits and starts because of U.S. concerns that any Taliban prisoners swapped for the sergeant might be repatriated and allowed to rejoin the fight . But Marks said the possibility of a prisoner swap should n't alarm American policymakers . "  The United States has been holding these folks in Guantanamo for quite some time . They have gone through very , very specifically what the charges are , what their activities are , " Marks said . "  And if the United States figures and if our legal system figures that the release of these individuals will guarantee the release of a soldier ... it 's an opportunity and an option we should avail ourselves of . " Bergdahl , of Wood River Valley , Idaho , appeared in diminished health in a video that the U.S. military obtained in January . His family also received a letter from him last year via the Red Cross . The United States believes one route to getting Bergdahl back may be through Qatari officials , who have been talking to the Taliban . But Bergdahl is believed to be held by operatives from the Haqqani network , an insurgent force affiliated with the Taliban and al Qaeda -- and it was not clear whether Haqqani operatives would abide by any agreement among the United States , Qatar and the Taliban . At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney said there are no "  active negotiations " with the Taliban , "  but there should be no doubt that we work every day using our military , our intelligence and our diplomatic tools to see Sergeant Bergdahl returned home safely . " "  Clearly , if negotiations do resume at some point , then we will want to talk with the Taliban about the safe return of Sergeant Bergdahl , " Carney said . Israel has repeatedly conducted prisoner exchanges with its foes in the Hamas and Hezbollah movements . In 2011 , it traded more than 1,000 Palestinians held in its jails for a single Israeli soldier , Gilad Shalit , who had been held captive by Hamas for five years . The exchanges have been met with some opposition by the Israeli public , but a poll found Israelis overwhelmingly favored the swap that freed Shalit . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu acknowledged the Palestinians prisoners he traded "  will not be paying the full price that they deserve to " but told the families of their victims , "  The state of Israel does not abandon its soldiers and its citizens . "	NEW : Bergdahl 's release is "  the highest priority that I have , " home-state senator says Bowe Bergdahl is the lone U.S. soldier held in captivity The U.S. government has launched a new effort to bring him home "  The clock is ticking " on efforts to bring him home , CNN analyst says
CNN  -- A Norwegian politician said he has nominated WikiLeaks for a Nobel Peace Prize , citing the website 's contribution to "  democracy and freedom of speech " worldwide . Nominations for the Peace Prize closed on Tuesday . Any lawmaker , academic or award recipient around the world can nominate anyone for the prize , according to the prize 's website . Stortinget parliamentarian Snorre Valen said he nominated WikiLeaks because it has helped "  redraw the map of information freedom . " "  Liu Xiabao was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize last year for his struggle for human rights , democracy and freedom of speech in China , " Valen wrote on his blog . "  Likewise , WikiLeaks have contributed to the struggle for those very values globally , by exposing  among many other things  corruption , war crimes and torture . " WikiLeaks is a nonprofit website that publishes documents alleging corporate and government misconduct . Critics have accused it of endangering national security while defenders have said it protects whistle-blowers . The site has published numerous secret documents , including on the Iraq and Afghan war . Military officials have criticized the release of documents . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he was "  appalled " by the release of the Afghan War Diary last year .	Lawmaker : WikiLeaks contributes to " freedom of speech and transparency " Site has published numerous secret documents on Iraq and Afghan war Lawmakers , academics around world can nominate anyone for the award
CNN  -- An uncle of President Barack Obama who was arrested last month for allegedly operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol has been released from custody . Onyango Obama was freed from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody on Thursday under an order of supervision , according to a statement Friday from Brian P. Hale , director of public affairs for ICE . He will be required to check in regularly with immigration authorities , Hale said . Obama was arrested in Framingham , Massachusetts , on August 24 after failing a field sobriety test , police Lt. Ronald Brandolini told CNN . An officer in an unmarked police cruiser stopped Obama after he failed to make a proper stop at an intersection , according to a statement from Framingham police . The arresting officer , Val Krishtal , said Obama had red and glassy eyes , slurred speech and appeared unsteady on his feet , according to the statement . Obama told Krishtal he had consumed two beers , and then failed "  several " field sobriety tests , the statement said . Obama was arrested for operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol , failure to yield and operating a motor vehicle to endanger , the statement said . According to a a federal law enforcement source who spoke on condition of not being identified , Obama was not legally in the United States and previously has been ordered removed from the country . CNN 's Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	Onyango Obama has been released by immigration authorities He will be required to check in with immigration authorities Source : He was not legally in the U.S. , previously has been ordered removed
CNN  -- There is one essential truth emphasized by every former killer whale trainer who appeared in "  Blackfish , " a film featured on CNN and recently nominated by the British Academy Film Awards for best documentary : They all speak movingly about how they respect and love the animals with which they shared their days and had a deep , special bond with them -- as do all professionals who work for zoological parks and aquariums . But "  Blackfish " ignores the essence of parks and aquariums -- their dedication to wildlife research , conservation , education and rescue of stranded marine mammals . And , most importantly , it ignores their commitment to the animals ' welfare , providing them with loving , state-of-the art care based on the latest advances in science and insights of experience . Marine parks help wildlife , inspire , educate Conservation scientists and wildlife researchers need marine parks and aquariums to learn how to better save animals in the wild . There 's not a single mention of this in "  Blackfish . " Today 's pressing conservation and scientific questions can not be answered by studying only marine mammals in the wild . Much research depends on detailed case histories or the control of experimental variables . Aquariums fund studies on the diets , reproduction and immune systems of marine mammals as well as evaluate contaminants affecting certain species to help understand and improve animals ' health in the wild . The world 's longest running study of a wild dolphin population is led by a zoological society . Marine parks have explored technologies to protect wild animals from fishing gear that cause many deaths each year . Also , animals in human care are surrogates for studies of wild , endangered species that would be impossible to complete without disturbing their vulnerable wild counterparts . Research is also ongoing with dolphins that could help scientists discover what triggers diabetes in humans . The National Marine Mammal Foundation 's website hosts reams of research funded by aquariums and undertaken by marine mammal scientists , including studies that ensure the exceptional health care provided whales and dolphins in aquariums . Educators at zoological parks and aquariums are a dedicated group of amazing , caring individuals who play a major role in alerting the public to the plight of our oceans and the challenges facing killer whales and all marine mammals in the wild . School programs , summer camps and off-site programs developed for teachers , schoolchildren and community groups reach millions annually . Tens of millions learn about marine mammals yearly through marine parks ' computer learning programs , websites , publications and television programming . Educators emphasize a humane approach to wildlife , teaching compassion and respect for all animals . They motivate and inspire children and adults to become better stewards of the environment . Seeing these beloved marine mammals up close at parks and aquariums drives home these important conservation messages . One former trainer spoke briefly in "  Blackfish " about the benefits of education programs at parks and aquariums . But not a word about these important conservation activities appears in the documentary . In "  Blackfish , " Howard Garrett , co-founder and director of the Orca Network , talks about killer whales ' natural history , languages and family bonds . What you do n't hear in the film is the Orca Network 's concerns about killer whales in the inland waters of Washington state and British Columbia . According to the organization , Chinook salmon -- orcas ' main food source -- is in "  historic decline throughout the region . Habitat degradation , industrial poisons such as PCBs , PBDEs , and other impacts of human activities are taking their toll on the orcas we have come to know and love . " Saving stranded animals It is not uncommon for hundreds and even thousands of sick , injured or orphaned marine mammals to become stranded on U.S. beaches annually . Marine parks and aquariums and other dedicated stranding centers are the unsung heroes that nurse the animals found alive back to health and release them back into the ocean . They study the causes of strandings , most recently about 1,400 young California sea lions that beached on the West Coast and the morbillivirus outbreak the killed hundreds of wild dolphins along the mid-Atlantic coastline . On these extraordinary , caring activities , "  Blackfish " is again silent . Parks and aquariums alone spend millions of dollars each year responding to , rescuing , providing veterinary care for and safely releasing stranded animals ; underwriting hundreds of hours of their professionals ' time ; and organizing about 60,000 hours of volunteers ' time to meet these challenges . The movie "  Dolphin Tale " gave the public a glimpse of the lengths to which parks and aquariums go , not only to keep their marine mammals healthy but also to save stranded animals . The film depicts the adaption of human medical technologies to enhance animal care -- working collaboratively with human medical specialists on creative solutions . Many more heartwarming examples have not made it to the silver screen . The accumulated knowledge , collective experience and resources of marine parks and aquariums are the primary factors in successful rehabilitation efforts of stranded dolphins and whales . Every visitor who walks through the gates of a marine park or aquarium is a partner and a major financial contributor to these educational , research , conservation and stranding accomplishments . These facilities count hundreds of millions of such partners each year and have earned overwhelming public support . "  Blackfish " did not include a single individual to speak compellingly about the benefits of these activities . Much of what "  Blackfish " chose to highlight is old news -- activities occurring decades ago that are as out of date as your grandfather 's old black-and-white TV set . Like many documentaries aimed at persuading audiences to a particular point of view , "  Blackfish " has no obligation to present a balanced narrative nor do the rules for documentary awards require a filmmaker to do so . Marine parks and aquariums that share these wonderful marine mammals with the public remain immensely popular because of their effective and important work to educate children and adults and to inspire wildlife conservation action . If you want your children to understand the vital importance of protecting marine mammals and conserving our environment , there is no better , engaging way to reach them than to see animals up close at an accredited marine park , aquarium or zoo . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marilee Menard .	Marilee Menard says "  Blackfish " ignores marine parks ' dedication to wildlife research Menard says life-saving research could n't happen without these parks "  Blackfish " explores events leading up to killing of SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau The documentary airs on CNN at 9 and 11p . m. ET Sunday
NEW YORK  CNN  -- For the fourth year in a row , Iraqis top a growing roster of people seeking asylum in an industrialized nation . They are just ahead of people fleeing wars in Afghanistan and Somalia , said a report published by the U.N. refugee agency Wednesday . Iraqi refugees leave the plane after arriving at the airport in Hanover , northern Germany , on March 19 , 2009 . The refugee agency said 13,200 Iraqis applied for asylum . An additional 12,000 claims were from Afghans and 11,000 from Somalis . In all , the United Nations said 185,000 people filed for asylum in the first six months of 2009 , a 10 percent increase over last year . Those people were fleeing homelands that also included China , Serbia  including Kosovo  , Russia , Nigeria , Mexico , Zimbabwe , Pakistan and Sri Lanka . The United States received the most asylum applications -- 23,700 , or 13 percent -- while 38 European nations received 75 percent of the applications . "  These statistics show that ongoing violence and instability in some parts of the world force increasing numbers of people to flee and seek protection in safe countries , " said Antonio Guterres , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees . "  There is an acute need for countries to keep their asylum doors wide open to those who are in genuine need of international protection , " he said .	For fourth year , Iraqis top list of people seeking asylum in an industrialized nation They are just ahead of people fleeing wars in Afghanistan and Somalia The U.N. refugee agency said 13,200 Iraqis applied for asylum 185,000 people applied in first half of 2009 , a 10 percent increase over last year
When the Parr family started having serious health problems late in 2008 , they had no idea it was associated with what they call "  a multitude " of drilling operations that popped up near their 40-acre ranch in Decatur , 60 miles northwest of Dallas . At first , Lisa Parr dismissed her migraine headaches , nausea and dizziness as the flu , but when her symptoms persistently got worse , she knew something more serious was involved . "  By 2009 , I was having a multitude of problems , " Lisa Parr told CNN . "  My central nervous system was messed up . I could n't hear , and my vision was messed up . My entire body would shake inside . I was vomiting white foam in the mornings . " In 2009 , Lisa 's husband , Robert , and their 11-year-old daughter , Emma , also became ill , suffering a laundry-list of symptoms . "  They had nosebleeds , vision problems , nausea , rashes , blood pressure issues . Being that the wells were not on our property , we had no idea that what they were doing on the property around us was affecting us , " she said . ` Private nuisance ' After a two-week trial that ended Tuesday -- Earth Day , coincidentally -- a Dallas jury awarded the Parr family $ 2.9 million for personal injury and property damages in the family 's lawsuit against Plano-based Aruba Petroleum Inc. . According to the lawsuit , Aruba Petroleum had 22 natural gas wells within a 2-mile radius of the Parrs ' property , with three wells in close proximity to their Texas home . The closest was 791 feet away . As a result of poor management and lack of emission controls , Aruba Petroleum created a "  private nuisance " to the Parr family by producing harmful air pollution and exposing them to harmful emissions of volatile organic compounds , toxic air pollutants and diesel exhaust , the lawsuit said . Op-ed : Make sure fracking is done right Aruba Petroleum argued to the jury that it consistently met state regulatory standards for air emissions and that there was no evidence its fracking of the wells harmed the Parr family in any way . In a statement released after the verdict , Aruba said "  natural gas development has long been prevalent in Wise County , " and dozens of companies operate hundreds of wells there . The company further said it complied with state air-quality limits and that its experts made strong cases countering the Parrs ' claims in court . "  We contended the plaintiffs were neither harmed by the presence of our drilling operations nor was the value of their property diminished because of our natural gas development . We presented thorough and expert testimony from recognized toxicologists and medical professionals , as well as local real estate professionals , to help the jury make an informed decision , " Aruba 's statement said . "  Unfortunately , they returned a verdict that we believe is counter to the evidence presented . " An important precedent ? Fracking , which is short for hydraulic fracturing , is the process by which drillers pump large amounts of water mixed with sand and chemicals into a shale or rock formation . The wells can be deeper than 8,000 feet , and the process fractures the shale around the well , allowing the natural gas in the shale to flow freely . Interactive : How fracking works Is energy independence a myth ? Lisa Parr said that she knew by July 2010 that the "  loud operation " next door to their ranch was toxic . "  One night , our whole house was vibrating and shaking . We lease that property for our cattle and so I went over there to make sure our cattle was n't around there , and when I went over there my nose and throat started burning . " Parr called the state Commission on Environmental Quality . "  My doctor , an internal specialist , found 20 chemicals in my body and he said , ` Lisa you must move immediately . You will spend more time and money on hospitals , chemotherapy , and a mortician ... and you need to get an environmental health doctor immediately , ' " she said . The Parrs filed suit in March 2011 , asking for $ 66 million in damages against nine companies that were originally thought to be involved in the drilling operations . Eventually , some of the energy companies were dismissed from the case , and some reached settlements before the trial . Their identities can not be disclosed , according to the Parrs ' Houston-based attorney , Brad Gilde . During discovery , Gilde said that "  substantial evidence " showed that Aruba Petroleum was a factor in causing the Parrs ' health problems . He said he believes the Parrs ' court victory -- which he says is the first jury award for personal injury in a U.S. fracking case -- "  marks an important precedent for the future of natural gas production . " "  Because of their courage and determination for justice , the Parrs have successfully held Aruba Petroleum Inc. accountable for their careless and reckless behavior , " he said . CNNMoney : Fracking has hot year in China Aruba had a starkly different take on the verdict and left the door open to an appeal . "  We thank the jury for its service , " the company said . "  The facts of the case and the law as applied to those facts do not support the verdict . ... Talk of an appeal is premature . Aruba has a number of arguments to be made in the trial court for why a judgment should be entered in its favor . " ` Knee-jerk reaction ' ? Attorneys who represent the energy sector and are familiar with Parr v. Aruba Petroleum Inc. say they do n't believe the case will set a precedent . Nor will it establish a blueprint for "  copycat " cases , they say . Rather , they see this case as an anomaly due to the fact that it went to trial and addressed a rare nuisance allegation that evolved into a case revolving around personal injury from toxic exposure . Wendy May , a Dallas-based attorney who represented a prior defendant in the case before that company was dismissed from the lawsuit , says she does n't think the Parrs ' jury award will survive an appeal . "  The knee-jerk reaction by people not understanding the limitations of this verdict in this case may , in fact , cause others to believe there is an avenue for cases that there may not ultimately turn out to be , " May said . "  I do n't think it presents any precedents , certainly not from a legal perspective . I think the case is ripe for review by the appellate courts , and based on clear law that has been laid out by the Texas Supreme Court , a decision like this should not stand . " Oiling on Indian reservations Gail Wurtzler , another environmental defense attorney , agrees with May that this is a one-off case because of the "  situational " facts involved . "  Nuisance cases are very fact-specific , and because they are fact-specific , the results in one would not have implications for others , " Wurtzler said . Regardless , the Parrs say they feel vindicated by the six-person jury 's decision after what they describe as a six-year nightmare of nonstop health issues . They 're now living at their ranch again and say that since Aruba has put units on their well sites to clean the air -- and the well closest to them has been shut down -- they are feeling better . "  With that being down , we 're better about staying here . Now with this lawsuit being over , the curious question is whether they are going to shut this back on . That will determine if we have to move again . I do n't trust this company , " Lisa Parr said . Asked about the prospect of a drawn-out appeals process , she says they 're ready for a fight and quotes one of her favorite musicians , Tom Petty : "  I stand my ground , and I wo n't back down . " "  I am very pleased with the verdict . This was justice that was served not only for us , but for every family in the world who has suffered from health effects and the negligence from this type of industry , " she said . Perhaps surprisingly to some , Lisa Parr says she 's not opposed to the work oil companies do . She simply wants them to do their business responsibly , she said . "  We are not anti-fracking or anti-drilling . My goodness , we live in Texas . Keep it in the pipes , and if you have a leak or spill , report it and be respectful to your neighbors . If you are going to put this stuff in close proximity to homes , be respectful and careful . "	Parr family suffered from nosebleeds , rashes , vision problems , "  vomiting white foam " A Dallas jury this week ordered Aruba Petroleum to pay the Parrs $ 3 million in damages Aruba says it did n't cause health problems or property damage ; company may appeal Asked about drawn-out appeals process , Lisa Parr quotes Tom Petty : "  I wo n't back down "
CNN  -- Fighting between Thai and Cambodian troops flared again briefly on Saturday morning , after clashes over an ancient temple claimed by both countries erupted along the border on Friday . A Thai Army spokesman said one soldier was killed in the latest round of gunfire , and four others were injured . That brings the weekend death toll to two people . Earlier , the country 's health minister told the MCOT news agency that one Thai villager was killed by artillery shells fired by Cambodian troops . Fighting took place on Friday and Saturday near the Preah Vihear temple , an 11th century structure which straddles the boundary between Cambodia and Thailand . The building itself sits on a cliff in Cambodian territory , but the most accessible entrance to the site is on the Thai side . State media for both countries confirm that there was an exchange of gunfire and artillery on Friday afternoon for about two hours . Both sides are pointing the finger at the other over who fired the first shots . The United States urged Thailand and Cambodia on Friday to show "  maximum restraint " in the wake of clashes over an ancient temple claimed by both countries . Events along the Thai-Cambodia border were being closely monitored , according to State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley , and both sides were called on to "  take all necessary steps to reduce tensions and avoid further conflict . " Conflict over the Preah Vihear site has taken place periodically for years . In 1962 , the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , ruled that the site was in Cambodia , adding that the structure was "  an outstanding masterpiece of Khmer architecture . " But Thailand says that the 1.8 square mile  4.6 square kilometer  area around Preah Vihear was never fully demarcated , and blames a map drawn at the beginning of the 20th century during the French occupation of Cambodia . In July 2008 , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- a place the U.N. believes has outstanding universal value .	NEW : Thai officials : One soldier and one civilian have been killed in clashes Fighting over an 11th century temple erupts along Thai-Cambodia border Preah Vihear temple sits on Cambodian soil , but the best entrance is on the Thai side Conflict over the Preah Vihear site has erupted periodically for years
CNN  -- "  Top Chef " host Padma Lakshmi is pregnant with her first child , her publicist confirmed to CNN on Thursday . Padma Lakshmi will be eating for two on Bravo 's "  Top Chef . " Lakshmi , 39 , has not identified the father . Her representative told US Weekly that the television personality conceived after a long battle with endometriosis . "  Model , author , and Emmy-nominated Padma Lakshmi confirms that she is carrying her first child after years of struggling with endometriosis , a cause for which she has co-founded the Endometriosis Foundation of America , " the representative told the magazine . Endometriosis is a medical condition where the uterus ' lining grows in other areas of the body . The often painful condition can cause women to have irregular bleeding and possible infertility . Lakshmi 's publicist also told US Weekly that "  As a result of her condition , this pregnancy has been referred to by her physician as nothing short of a medical miracle , and due to its delicate nature , we ask/implore the press to respect Ms. Lakshmi 's privacy at this time . " Lakshmi is the ex-wife of famed author Salman Rushdie . She has hosted Bravo 's hit show "  Top Chef " since its second season and is herself a noted cookbook author .	Lakshmi is expecting her first child , publicist confirms "  Top Chef " host had suffered from endometriosis Lakshmi , former wife of Salman Rushdie , has not named the father
CNN  -- Italy 's World Cup captain Fabio Cannavaro has made a surprise decision to end his career in Dubai . The 36-year-old has signed a two-year deal with reigning United Arab Emirates league champions Al Ahli after failing to find a new club in Serie A following the end of his deal with Juventus . In a statement on its official Web site on Wednesday , the Dubai-based club confirmed that Cannavaro would move to Al Ahli after the World Cup in South Africa , which starts on June 11 . "  We announce that we have signed Fabio Cannavaro for two years , " Abdullah Al Nabooda , chairman of Al Ahli 's board of directors said . "  This deal with a player like Cannavaro is one of the most important deals for us because he 's a player with great experience and talent , while he 's also a leader on the field . " Cannavaro -- who has 132 caps for his country and led the Italians to victory over France in the 2006 World Cup final -- is planning to retire from international football after the South African tournament , which will be his fourth . He played at Inter Milan and Real Madrid before moving to Juventus in 2009 , and had hoped to earn a deal with his hometown club Napoli , where he began his career . "  The option to extend my deal with Juventus has expired . I want Napoli , but they do n't want me , " he told Italian sports paper Tuttosport last week . However , Cannavaro said he was now happy to make the move to the Middle-East . "  I am happy to sign for Al Ahli for the next season . I was already planning to go and live in Dubai , I love that city . It 's a dream come true , " he told Italian newspaper La Gazetta dello Sport . Meanwhile , British media have speculated that Al Ahli is also interested in signing manager Harry Redknapp , 63 , from London-based English Premier League side Tottenham next season .	Fabio Cannavaro signs a two-year deal with UAE champions Al-Ahli The move was confirmed on the club 's official Web site on Wednesday The Italian captain will join the Dubai side after the World Cup in South Africa His contract with Juventus had expired and he could not find a new club in Italy
CNN  -- The New York governor 's proposal to decriminalize the public possession of marijuana is drawing high praise from some politicians and police , black and Hispanic activists and backers of pot legalization . "  It is a step in the right direction , " said the Rev. Al Sharpton , a prominent African-American political activist . But some voices issued warnings about the proposal , with one group , the Drug Free American Foundation , arguing that it is not the time "  to be backing off the marijuana law . " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo unveiled the proposal Monday and said the law would end a double standard that has disproportionately hurt black and Hispanic youth . In 1977 , New York 's legislature reduced the penalty for possessing 25 grams or less of marijuana to a non-criminal violation carrying a fine of no more than $ 100 for first-time offenders , as long as the marijuana was in private possession and not in public view . If the marijuana is out and viewable in public -- as it might be when someone is asked to empty his or her pockets during a police "  stop and frisk " -- it becomes a Class B misdemeanor and can lead to arrests and jail . The "  stop and frisk " policy allows police to stop and search anyone they deem suspicious . In 2011 , more than 50,000 arrests were made for small amounts of marijuana , the governor 's office said . Half of those arrested were under 25 years old , and 82 % were black or Latino . Less than 10 % were ever convicted of a crime . Selling and smoking or burning marijuana is still a crime , and Cuomo is not suggesting changing that . "  If you possess marijuana privately , it is a violation . If you show it in public , it 's a crime . It 's incongruous . It 's inconsistent the way it has been enforced , " Cuomo said in Albany on Monday . As a result , thousands of young people have wound up "  with a permanent stain on their record for something that would otherwise be a violation . The charge makes it difficult for them to find a job , " Cuomo said . His proposal won praise from some legislators , police , the Manhattan district attorney and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg . But some say the proposal is counterproductive . David G. Evans , special adviser to the Drug Free America Foundation and a criminal defense lawyer in New Jersey , said the group is "  very very concerned with this latest development . " "  This can be seen by the young people as approving the use of marijuana , and they will most likely use marijuana . Marijuana of today is much more addictive and much more potent , and it poses health and criminal problems . " New York State Assemblyman Brian Kolb said he doubts legislators will back the proposal because of "  pushback " from the community . He argues that marijuana possession is a federal crime , and "  it does not make sense to pass guidelines at the state level that contradicts federal laws . " "  This is a wrong message to send across the country , " he said . "  This should be a decision at the federal level to be interpreted for all the 50 states . " He said the Food and Drug Administration should make sure the plan follows the proper protocol . "  This is not a states-rights issue . This is a drug issue . In this case , this is a controlled-substance issue , " he said . But Sharpton , president of the National Action Network , said the proposal would address police abuse . "  We have been convinced , given the data , that Stop and Frisk does not alleviate crime but instead increases the racial profiling exposure of mostly young Blacks and Hispanics , " he said in a statement . Allen St. Pierre , executive director of the NORML Foundation , which supports legalizing marijuana , said he expects legislators to "  faithfully embrace " the proposal . He also said the proposal is "  a political no-brainer " because most Americans will someday back "  marijuana possession in small amounts . " He said Cuomo , who might one day might have presidential aspirations , is positioning himself as the "  marijuana law reformer . " Lester Grinspoon , a psychiatrist , retired professor at Harvard University and expert on drug policy , said Cuomo 's move is "  a step on the way of what is inevitable . " "  Adults should be allowed to use marijuana responsibly , in much the way we use alcohol , " he said . "  It 's not just because it 's a civil liberties issue . It is very important to furthering marijuana as a medicine . " He said marijuana has been used in the treatment of cancer , multiple sclerosis , AIDS and glaucoma . Robert MacCoun , professor of law and public policy at the University of California at Berkeley , said a dozen states have decriminalized small amounts , usually up to an ounce for a first-time possession , and most of the legal changes took place in the 1970s . An expert on marijuana laws , MacCoun said the "  decriminalization label has mattered less and less " over time . "  First , the other 38 states have become less and less likely to send convicted marijuana possession felons to prison . Second , states that have ` decriminalized ' -- like New York -- still make lots of arrests for marijuana . Few of those arrested will end up in prison , but they may do a short jail stint . " And echoing concerns about the stain of an arrest for marijuana , he said , "  there is a lasting effect on their records , which hurts their employability . " MacCoun said the "  big change " over the past 10 years "  is the partial legalization of medical marijuana in many states . " "  Recent polls suggest that roughly half of American voters now support some form of legalization ; if current trends continue , I think we 'll see a state legalize marijuana soon , perhaps even this November . But there will be a thorny conflict with federal laws that prohibit marijuana , " he said . He points out that medical marijuana or decriminalization ca n't be confused with "  true legalization . " He called decriminalization a "  sensible reform " and not a "  risky " legal change . "  Marijuana possession sanctions have almost no measurable effect on levels of marijuana use . So it is not clear whether any valid purpose is being served by all the marijuana arrests in New York , and people of color are much more likely to be arrested even though they are not more likely to be marijuana users , " he said . "  Legalization is more complicated , because the steep drop in prices would be difficult to offset with a sustainable tax , and so consumption would probably increase . " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said , "  the human costs to each defendant charged with a misdemeanor are serious . " "  The simple and fair change proposed by Gov. Cuomo will help us redirect significant resources to the most violent criminals and serious crime problems , and , frankly , it is the right thing to do . " The governor 's office said 94 % of arrests for small amounts of marijuana in the state are in New York City , and Bloomberg , the New York Police Department and Police Commissioner Ray Kelly have come under fire in recent years for the department 's "  stop and frisk " policy . Last year , Kelly issued a policy order directing officers to issue violations , rather than misdemeanors , for small amounts of marijuana discovered during street searches . On Monday , Bloomberg issued a statement in support of Cuomo 's comments . "  The governor 's proposal today is consistent with the commissioner 's directive and strikes the right balance by ensuring that the NYPD will continue to have the tools it needs to maintain public safety -- including making arrests for selling or smoking marijuana , " he said . "  Thanks to the NYPD , our city has come a long way from the days when marijuana was routinely sold and smoked on our streets without repercussions . " Kelly said Monday , "  I was asked to respond to criticism by some members of the  City  Council that the Police Department was making ` too many ' arrests for small amounts of marijuana . And my response to them was , ` Well , your option is to go to Albany and get the law changed . ' Better that than having New York City police officers turn a blind eye to the law as it was written , and as it is still written . " And , with the backing of the mayor and the governor , it 's hard to fathom any significant opposition to the proposal will arise , said Peter Moscow , an associate professor in the Department of Law and Police Science at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York . "  It 's a positive move , " he said . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	One expert says the move is a step toward the "  inevitable " : legalization The proposal has a good chance because Bloomberg and Cuomo support it , a professor said A marijuana arrest hurts a person 's chances for employment , the governor says An anti-drug group official says marijuana "  poses health and criminal problems "
London  CNN  -- A man accused of killing his teenage daughter in England because of her "  Westernized " lifestyle denied the murder in court Wednesday . Iftikhar Ahmed said it was "  devastating " to be on trial for murdering his daughter Shafilea , CNN affiliate ITV reported . He was taking the stand for the first time in a case which has gripped Britain since the 17-year-old disappeared in September 2003 . The court case took a startling turn Monday when Iftikhar 's wife Farzana abruptly changed her long-standing story and said she had seen her husband attack their daughter on the night Shafilea died . Both parents are accused of the murder . One of Shafilea 's sisters testified that she saw her parents push Shafilea onto a couch , stuff a bag into her mouth , and hold her down until she suffocated . Iftikhar and Farzana Ahmed have both pleaded not guilty at their trial in Chester , England . Newspapers , television and radio have all been reporting on the prosecution case that Shafilea 's parents killed her because they felt her "  Western " lifestyle brought shame on the family . The teenager 's dismembered body was found on a riverbank months after she disappeared . She had been stripped of anything that would identify her , prosecutor Andrew Edis told the jury in May , according to ITV . Shafilea 's sister Alesha testified last month that she saw her parents kill the girl . Islam does n't justify ` honor murders , ' experts insist She said her parents were angry that Shafilea was wearing a short-sleeved , V-neck top , and no sweater , on the night she was killed . "  Just end it here , " Farzana said to Iftikhar , according to their daughter . They pushed Shafilea down onto a sofa and suffocated her despite her struggles , Alesha testified . Prosecutor Edis called it "  an act of suffocation by both parents acting together . " Alesha Ahmed did not tell police she had seen the killing until 2010 , after she was detained by police in connection with a robbery of the family 's home , ITV reported . She has pleaded guilty to robbery . Prosecutors said she had not been offered any sort of deal in exchange for testifying against her parents . She has testified that both her parents physically abused Shafilea "  every day " over the course of five years , and that her mother did it more "  because she was at home more . " On Monday , Farzana unexpectedly said she had seen her husband attack Shafilea . She said that she tried to intervene to protect the girl , but that her husband pushed her away and punched her , ITV reported . Indian police : Man chops off daughter 's head , citing her ` indecent behavior ' "  Extremely scared , " she fled the room and stayed in a bedroom with other children until she heard a car leaving 20 minutes later . When her husband returned alone , she asked where their daughter was . "  If you care for your dear life and that of your children , do n't ever ask me this question again , " he told her , ITV reported . Farzana Ahmed testified Monday that only one of their children , Mevish , was present when she saw her husband attacking Shafilea . The jury was told that Shafilea had been taken to Pakistan for a hastily arranged marriage before her death , and drank bleach when her parents suggested she was staying there when the rest of the family returned to England , ITV reported . She was hospitalized for three months after the family came home because of the bleach incident , Alesha testified . Alesha testified in May that her parents were very strict with their daughters , ITV reported . Family convicted in Canada ` honor murders ' "  Our family was very restricted . It was very different . The Pakistani culture is more restrictive in terms of what you can wear or do , " she said . The trial began in May and is expected to last several more weeks , prosecutors say . Reliable figures of the number of honor murders around the world are hard to come by , but the United Nations Population Fund has estimated there could be 5,000 per year . So-called honor murders are a significant enough problem in Britain that the country 's Crown Prosecution Service has an expert specializing in cases in which members of a family kill relatives because of behavior that they say shames the family . The CPS began keeping statistics on honor violence in April 2010 and prosecuted 234 cases in the following year , just over half of which were successful . There is a perception that the crime is particularly common among Muslims , but one vocal British campaigner says not all honor violence is perpetrated by Muslims . Disappearance , then discovery , leads to ` honor killing ' outrage Jasvinder Sanghera , who was the victim of a forced marriage , is not Muslim ; she is Sikh . "  Significant cases are happening within South Asian communities , be it Pakistani , Indian , Sikh , Muslim , Kurdish , Iranian , Middle Eastern communities , " she said . The killings take place in many parts of the world , experts say . Indian father accused of killing baby ` for being a girl ' "  It 's definitely a problem that happens in many different places : the Middle East , Pakistan , Bangladesh and among immigrant communities in North America , " said Nadya Khalife , a researcher on women 's rights in the Arab world for Human Rights Watch . Several Arab countries and territories , including Iraq , Kuwait , Syria , Yemen and the Palestinian territories , have laws providing lesser sentences for honor murders than for other murders , Human Rights Watch says . Egypt and Jordan also have laws that have been interpreted to allow reduced sentences for honor crimes , the group says . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Shafilea Ahmed 's father says he is "  devastated " to be accused of killing the 17-year-old Shafilea 's mother unexpectedly says she saw her husband attack the girl Shafilea 's sister testified last month that she saw her parents stuff a plastic bag into her mouth The United Nations estimates there could be 5,000 honor murders per year worldwide
CNN  -- The man who says he was behind the Manti Te'o girlfriend hoax claims he was in love with the Notre Dame linebacker , but the athlete knew nothing about the ruse . "  He had no idea , " said 22-year-old Ronaiah Tuiasosopo in the first segment of a two-part interview that aired Thursday on "  Dr. Phil . " The second part is scheduled to air Friday . "  He did not know anything . " Asked if he was in love with Te'o , Tuiasosopo told host Phil McGraw : "  I mean , yeah ... as twisted and confusing as it may be , yeah , I cared for this person . I did all that I could to help this person become a better person , even though I was n't getting nothing out of it . Of course , it 's very shameful and it 's very painful to even talk about . Even now , it 's hard to talk about . But , you know , the truth of it is that that happened . I grew feelings . I grew emotions that , sooner or later , I could n't control any more . " Asked whether he is gay , he said , "  I would say , yeah , I am gay , but honestly , I am so confused , I 'm so lost . " Bleacher Report : Twitter Erupts as Hoaxer Tells Story to Dr. Phil In the interview , Tuiasosopo said the relationship began after he started a Facebook page under the name Lennay Kekua , the first name an elision of his mother 's and grandmother 's first names and the last name one he had heard "  thrown around in the neighborhood . " He said he "  randomly added different people " as Facebook friends with the persona he had created . "  One of the people I happened to add was his cousin , " he said , referring to Te'o 's cousin . "  Shortly after , I got a friend request , and it was from Manti . " Tuiasosopo said he found out , as Lennay , that the gridiron star was in a relationship . "  I never wanted to become a relationship wrecker or nothing like that , " he said . But that did not stop him ; the relationship grew . They began speaking nightly , and Te'o seemed to have been smitten , too , Tuiasosopo said . "  He really had fallen in love with this , we 'll say , character . " Tuiasosopo said he and his younger sister met Manti in November , the night before Notre Dame 's 22-13 victory over rival USC at the team 's hotel . "  It was really awkward at first , " he said . "  I wanted to tell him everything right then and there . " But Te'o 's relatives intruded , and he decided it was n't the right time , he said . Tuiasosopo said his motives were pure ; he never tried to make money off their relationship . "  I just wanted to help him become better , " he said . The charade became difficult to maintain , and he tried to end it several times . "  There are many times where Manti and Lennay had broken up . But something would bring them back together , whether it was something going on in his life or Lennay 's life , in this case in my life , " Tuiasosopo said . He added : "  I wanted to end it because after everything I had gone through I wanted to move on with my life . Me , Ronaiah , I had to just start living and let this go . " Finally , after learning that Te'o had Skyped with four women -- including two of his former girlfriends -- Tuiasosopo said he essentially killed off Lennay , having her die of leukemia . "  I was just trying to do everything to end it because I knew that , no matter what , you know , it just was n't right -- and it was never going to be . " A love story unravels Thursday 's segment is the latest revelation in what began as a story of one of the nation 's best college football players leading his team to victory hours after learning his girlfriend had died , a story dismissed as a hoax after it was revealed Kekua did not exist . Te'o : My emotions were real Sports website Deadspin broke the story this month that the girlfriend whom Te'o , this year 's Heisman Trophy runner-up , had talked about and had claimed died in September was n't real . Te'o rose to national prominence while leading Notre Dame 's Fighting Irish to an undefeated regular season . As he and his team excelled , Te'o told interviewers in September and October that his grandmother and girlfriend , whom he described as a 22-year-old Stanford University student , had died within hours of each other . "  I miss 'em , but I know that I 'll see them again one day , " he said then . An online relationship Last week , Te'o told talk show host Katie Couric that Tuiasosopo had called him the day the story broke to confess . During that interview , Te'o said he doubted the voice he knew as Kekua was a man 's voice . Tuiasosopo has said he faked his voice to sound feminine . In the interview , McGraw questioned his veracity and repeatedly challenged him to prove it . McGraw said his show had contacted private contractors for the FBI and the Secret Service , giving them a voice mail message that Tuiasosopo said he had left for Te'o . "  They looked at everything from voice intonation to tonal qualities " and concluded that "  the chance that you are the person on that voice mail is like one in 10 million , " McGraw said . Tuiasosopo insisted he was telling the truth but said he would be uncomfortable talking in his feminine voice for the TV host . "  I 've never done it in front of people , " he said . Who 's who on the Internet ? Who knows Tuiasosopo ' s state of mind Psychotherapist Robi Ludwig said the behavior described by Tuiasosopo to McGraw is very possible . "  We see this with Internet dating . Sometimes people lie , " Ludwig told CNN 's Erin Burnett OutFront . "  It 's a place where they can experiment and where they can impersonate the other sex . " Ludwig said it is possible that Tuiasosopo "  actually did have a crush on Manti Te'o and was confused about his sexuality . " "  And the reason why he impersonated this woman was to see what it would feel like to be intimate with Manti Te'o , to be loved by Manti Te'o , " she said . "  Who would say this if it were n't true ? I do n't get the sense that he 's a sociopath . I get the sense that he 's confused . " ` Catfishing ' masks identities online	NEW : "  It was never going to be , " Tuiasosopo says of relationship with Manti Te'o Tuiasosopo sat down for a two-part interview that began Thursday on "  The Dr. Phil Show " In the interview , Tuiasosopo says he wanted to end the relationship
CNN  -- After 100 episodes of alternate universes , monsters and shape-shifters , Fox 's "  Fringe " is coming to an end on Friday night . It 's set to receive a proper send-off , too , thanks to the efforts of fans who fought for the show through five seasons of time slot changes and dwindling ratings . Members of the cast , who had been with the show from the first episode , spoke to CNN about their favorite "  Fringe " moments , their favorite guest stars and those final days on the set . Plus , that all-important question : Will fans be satisfied with the series finale ? On filming the finale : Anna Torv  "  Olivia Dunham "  : "  We knew it would be our last season , and part of that meant that we were able to appreciate it as we were doing it . There were lots of little moments of reflection throughout the last couple of months . " Lance Reddick  "  Phillip Broyles "  : "  What caught me by surprise was how emotional I got  shooting the final episode  -- not about the show , per se -- but about the people . So that was kind of intense . " Joshua Jackson  "  Peter Bishop "  : "  For me it was a feeling of joy -- when they called that final wrap and you see the faces of the people you did four or five years with , you think this is something we all did together . There 's what I hope is a really good scene between John and myself in the finale , in the lab , fittingly . And there was a feeling like , ` Wow , that 's the last time we will play father and son , in this room that has been such a part of our lives for these last five years . ' " Torv : "  I went down to see John Noble 's last scene . He was doing a scene in the lab that I was n't in . I got to sit back and watch Walter for the last time and that kind of made me sad , because John and Walter were such a beautiful fit . Just to think ` Ah ! John is never going to breathe life into him again , ' was kind of sad . " John Noble  "  Walter Bishop "  : "  It 's unbelievable to go out on our own terms . Unheard of in this industry to be able to finish a story off in the way that we have . I 'm just seriously grateful to the network and studio for giving us the chance . " Jasika Nicole  "  Astrid Farnsworth "  : "  I have watched way too many shows on television that started out wonderfully and then seemed to continue on a downward spiral once it reached its peak . I am thrilled to have taken part in a show that knew what both its ending and beginning looked like , and never tried to overextend itself . " On lessons learned : Jackson : "  The whole experience of ` Dawson 's Creek ' was new to me . I knew intellectually it was a big deal to have a show run for five-and-a-half years . But this time around , I think I had a much deeper understanding of just how difficult it is to get a show to run . This show , in particular , kept on defying all the odds . " On their favorite moments : Noble : "  The most fun  version of Walter  to play was the simple old Walter who was just a scattered genius with no social graces and completely inappropriate . That was the most fun . I had a lot of affection for ` Walternate , ' who was originally very hard to get accepted by audiences and ultimately was . " Nicole : "  My favorite episodes were the ones when all the doppelgangers got to meet each other . I loved how each character had a different experience when they saw their ` other ' for the first time . They were beautifully written and beautifully performed . " Torv : "  I was so grateful that they really stuck it out with the different universe . It was so fun , it was like a different show . It was great to play this lighter character  Fauxlivia  after being with Olivia for two years at that point . " Reddick : "  My most memorable scene -- Well , there was the scene where Nina kisses Broyles . That was pretty cool . Blair Brown 's a good kisser so that was great -- But my most memorable scene was this season , the reunion scene under the bridge . That moment when I see Olivia again and she calls me by my first name . " Jackson : "  The thing I will miss the most is that father-son dynamic with Walter and Peter . " On the guest stars : Noble : "  To share the floor with  Christopher Lloyd and Leonard Nimoy  was amazing for me , because they 're such iconic figures in themselves . And Orla Brady is an amazing actress , she played my wife . " Reddick : "  The second season , I walk in the makeup trailer and John Savage is right in front of me . I stopped and my eyes bugged out . And Christopher Lloyd , he 's done so much brilliant work over the years . With him , it was like having a walking icon on the set . In this business , you often call people by their first name . But for him , it was always ` Mr. Lloyd . ' It 's funny because he 's been on enough times that I forget , but of course , Leonard Nimoy  was a favorite  . " Torv : About Nimoy 's response to Torv 's impression of Nimoy 's Spock in one episode : "  He was very , very kind . Very kind . " On how the fans will receive the final episode : Jackson : "  A lot of TV , you can just turn off your brain and watch , but ` Fringe ' always asked its audience to be more engaged than that , and at our very best , challenged the audience to think about the core ideas that  executive producers Joel Wyman and Jeff Pinkner  were putting into the show . There are experiences along the way that are things that I will probably remember for the rest of my life . It is the passion of the fans that kept it going . Long , long past the time when it made economic sense , and certainly past the time where my cynical-actor-who 's - been-around-self looked at it and went , there 's no way this show is coming back . If it was n't for that passion , the show would have died and it would n't have the proper ending that it 's going to get this Friday . It 's because of those experiences and because of those fans that we were able to finish up the show on the right note . " Nicole : "  I think that the ending is beautiful , and perfect , and it could n't be written any other way . I was surprised at the ending , but even so , I thought it was absolutely excellent . It 's a roller coaster ride , and let 's just say the ending does n't exactly bring you back to where you decided to climb on . " Jackson : "  I do n't think it 's possible to satisfy everybody . I hope that people find the finale satisfying and a just reward for their dedication over the course of the last five years . I was very impressed with the script when I read it . I hope that episode does justice to the people who have been with us from the very beginning . I hope we finished on a strong note . That 's the best gift we can give as the people who make ` Fringe ' to the people who watched ` Fringe , ' is not to go out with a whimper but with a bang . "	"  Fringe 's " 100th episode is also its last Cast members credit the fans for keeping the show going , against the odds Memorable guest stars for the cast included Leonard Nimoy and Christopher Lloyd Jasika Nicole calls the finale "  beautiful and perfect "
Washington  CNN  In a strongly worded letter , the White House Saturday told Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker  R-TN  a bill he is drafting would likely have a "  profoundly negative impact " on the ongoing negotiations between the U.S. and Iran over Tehran 's nuclear program . Corker is working on legislation that would force the Obama Administration to submit any deal reached with Iran for a vote by Congress . The White House earlier threatened to veto such a measure . White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough , in the three page letter released publicly Saturday evening , told Corker his legislation could be detrimental to the talks with Iran by "  emboldening Iranian hard-liners , inviting a counter-productive response from the Iranian majiles  Majles , the Parliament  ; differentiating the U.S. position from our allies in the negotiations ; and once again calling into question our ability to negotiate this deal . " As the U.S. and Iran prepare for the next round of negotiations this coming week , there has been a growing debate between Republicans on Capitol Hill and the Obama Administration about how much authority Congress has regarding the fate of the agreement . "  The legislation you have introduced in the Senate goes well beyond ensuring that Congress has a role to play in any deal with Iran . Instead , the legislation would potentially prevent any deal from succeeding by suggesting that Congress must vote to ` approve ' any deal and by removing existing sanctions waiver authorities that have already been granted to the President , " McDonough wrote . The chief of staff said that only Congress can terminate the existing Iran sanctions that are included in laws , but the President can relax some sanctions put into place by executive order unilaterally . One of the major issues between the U.S. and Iran is the timetable for lifting of the sanctions . "  If congressional action is perceived as preventing us from reaching a deal , it will create divisions within the international community , putting at risk the very international cooperation that has been essential to our ability to pressure Iran . Put simply , it would potentially make it impossible to secure international cooperation for additional sanctions , while putting at risk the existing multilateral sanctions " now in place , McDonough said in his letter . For his part , Corker on Sunday released a statement : "  On this issue where Congress has played such a vital role , I believe it is very important that Congress appropriately weigh in before any final agreement is implemented . " Corker also urged the President not to go to the United Nations for a vote regarding lifting of the sanctions on Iran , as Reuters reported was being considered . "  Enabling the United Nations to consider an agreement or portions of it , while simultaneously threatening to veto legislation that would enable Congress to do the same , is a direct affront to the American people and seeks to undermine Congress ' appropriate role , " he wrote . The chief of staff told Corker , "  The Administration 's request to the Congress is simple : let us complete the negotiations before the Congress acts on legislation " and added "  we will aggressively seek public and congressional support for a deal -- if we reach one -- because we believe a good deal is far better than the alternatives available to the United States . " McDonough also mentioned a separate letter sent to Iran 's leadership and signed by 47 Republican senators . Corker did not sign it . The letter maintained that a future president could reverse some of what is agreed to in these ongoing negotiations and said any agreement reached would need congressional approval . It has generated much controversy . It also drew rebuttal from Iran 's foreign minister , who called it a propaganda ploy . On Sunday , Iran 's speaker of parliament and former nuclear negotiator , Ali Larijani , said the letter signed by the senators tarnished Washington 's reputation internationally , according to state-run Tasnim news agency . He said it showed that the United States is untrustworthy , and he advised current negotiators to be wary . McDonough also said the letter 's premise was incorrect . "  Non-binding agreements -- like the deal we are negotiating with Iran ... are an essential element of international diplomacy and do not require congressional approval , " McDonough said . Secretary of State John Kerry , who heads back to Switzerland on Sunday for more talks with Iranian representatives , again blasted that letter from the 47 Republicans . "  It is a direct interference with negotiations in the executive department , " he said at a news conference in Egypt . "  It is completely without precedent , and it is almost inevitable it will raise questions in the minds of the folks with whom we are negotiating . "	A Republican senator is drafting legislation to allow Congress to vote on negotiations with Iran The White House sent a letter saying it would further threaten talks over Tehran 's nuclear program
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Prosecutors in Florida are taking a new look at the 2007 death of Anna Nicole Smith to see if recent evidence that California investigators gathered might cause them to open an inquiry . Prosecutors in Florida are reviewing evidence gathered in California for a probe into Anna Nicole Smith 's death . Howard K. Stern -- Smith 's longtime partner and attorney -- and two doctors were charged this month in California with conspiring to furnish drugs to Smith before her fatal overdose . "  Our prosecutors have met with representatives of the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office and the California Department of Justice and discussed the evidence they have turned up in their investigation , " said Ron Ishoy , a spokesman for Broward County State Attorney Michael Satz . "  We are now examining that evidence to see where it might lead in relation to Ms. Smith 's death here in Broward County in 2007 . " The Broward County state attorney 's office never opened a probe into Smith 's death but assisted the Seminole police in its investigation in the days afterward . Smith , 39 , was pronounced dead February 8 , 2007 , after being discovered unconscious in her hotel room at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino near Hollywood , Florida . A coroner said she died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs . Officials said both prescription and over-the-counter drugs were found in Smith 's system , including three anti-depressant or anti-anxiety drugs . Human growth hormone and chloral hydrate , a sleep medication , also were found in toxicology tests , officials said . Stern and Drs. Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor were charged in California with several felonies , including conspiring to furnish controlled substances , unlawfully prescribing a controlled substance and obtaining fraudulent prescriptions from June 2004 through January 2007 -- only weeks before Smith 's death . Kapoor and Eroshevich also were charged with obtaining a prescription for opiates by "  fraud , deceit or misrepresentation . " And each was charged with one count of obtaining a prescription for opiates by giving a false name or address , prosecutors said . "  Anna was the center of a cruel tabloid feeding frenzy , " Eroshevich 's attorney , Adam Braun , told CNN in a statement after his client was charged . "  In the face of this , Dr. Eroshevich did her best to help the patient while protecting what little privacy Anna had left . Any actions were done with the patient 's well-being in mind and were certainly not criminal . " Watch allegations over photos and the doctor " California Attorney General Jerry Brown said the doctors and Stern devised a plan to use fake names so Smith could be prescribed "  thousands of pills . " The former Playboy playmate and reality TV star was drugged "  almost to the point of stupefaction , " Brown said . "  The quantity of the drugs , the variety of the drugs , the combination at any given point , and her continuing to use that -- that , to a professional , is clear evidence of addiction , " Brown said Friday . "  These cocktails of methadone and anti-depressants and sleeping pills and Xanax , you put all that into a cocktail , it explodes and can cause death , injury and permanent morbidity and disability . "	Broward County , Florida , prosecutors taking new look at death of Anna Nicole Smith Ex-Playboy playmate found dead in Florida hotel room in February 2007 Coroner : Smith died of accidental overdose of prescription drugs Smith 's boyfriend , two doctors charged recently in California drug case
CNN  -- Two rain-soaked practice sessions for Sunday 's British Grand Prix have left Formula One teams guessing what effect recent rule changes will have on this year 's world championship battle . Motorsport 's ruling body , the FIA , has introduced rules banning the use of off-throttle blown diffusers , a technique used by drivers to increase downforce and therefore increase the speed of the car . But the impact of the law changes was hard to gauge on Friday as drivers wrestled with a wet Silverstone track . Red Bull 's Mark Webber , who won the corresponding race in 2010 , setting the fastest time of the day during the opening session . Ferrari 's Felipe Massa was quickest in the afternoon , more than three seconds slower than the Australian 's earlier best . Passing judgment : Hamilton must stay aggressive Webber 's teammate and the current leader of the drivers ' standings , Sebastian Vettel , struggled to ascertain the impact of the new restrictions , with conditions frequently changing at the newly-renovated English circuit . "  The circuit was changing a lot today , " world champion Vettel told Formula One 's official web site after being 13th fastest and then 18th . "  So it was hard to find out too much and understand the effect of the changes introduced this weekend , but we will learn more tomorrow . " Sunday 's race will represent a home grand prix for McLaren and their British driver Jenson Button , who is 77 points behind Vettel in the drivers ' championship and has never finished higher than fourth at the Northamptonshire circuit . Vettel takes the quiet road to glory The 2009 world champion was disappointed to miss out on a chance to assess his car 's performance under the new regulations ahead of Saturday 's qualifying sessions . "  Today was a bit of a frustrating day for me , " said the 31-year-old , who was 15th in the morning and then fifth . "  We thought we 'd get some good running under our belts this afternoon , but the rain meant that did n't happen , and we did n't really get a chance to evaluate everything . "  Hopefully , it 's not going to rain for the rest of the weekend , so we should be able to get a better read on how the new interpretations of the regulations will affect us from tomorrow . "  We do n't really know if our new rear wing is an improvement over the older version . It has a different downforce level , but I 'm still not sure what we 're going to run for the rest of the weekend . " F1 championship standings Massa 's teammate Fernando Alonso has triumphed once before at Silverstone , in 2006 while he was a two-time world champion at Renault , and was runner-up the year before and then again in 2007 in his only season at McLaren . "  It 's always nice to come to Silverstone , an historic track for Formula One and for Ferrari , which took its first championship race win here 60 years ago , " the Spaniard said . "  I like the new paddock , the only strange thing is the final part of the pit lane , which is lower than the track -- which means the spectators can not see the pit stops from the grandstands . "  The rain definitely did not help on a day that was meant to allow us mainly to test the new aerodynamic components we have here . Only at the end of the first session did I risk trying a set of slicks to see if the conditions were acceptable , but the track was still too wet . "	F1 drivers unsure of likely effects of rule changes after wet weather hampers practice Red Bull 's Mark Webber , who won British GP in 2010 , set fastest time of day in opening session Ferrari 's Felipe Massa quickest in afternoon , three seconds slower than Webber
CNN  -- A minute before three o'clock on Saturday , Peter Rebak will be scouring the stands of the Harry Abrahams Stadium looking for dissent . Not that his football club is used to crowd trouble . Wingate & Finchley play in the Rymans Premier League , the seventh tier of English football . Second from bottom in the division the club 's fans are in the hundreds , rather than thousands . But on Saturday , Wingate & Finchley will do something unique : They are the only football club in England to announce that they will hold a minute 's silence for former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher -- MP for Finchley between 1959 and 1992 -- who died of a stroke at the age of 87 . "  I do n't care if people support her or not but I do expect everyone there to behave themselves , " the 60-year-old Rebak , who is the club 's former chairman , told CNN . This is irrelevant to politics . " "  If anyone wants to misbehave I 'll personally go down and throw them out . " International grief When Thatcher 's death was announced earlier this week , tributes poured in from around the world . Obama , Gorbachev , Netanyahu ; political heavyweights one and all . But closer to home the eulogies were more abrasive . Those on the right revered her as the woman that confronted the unions and "  saved " the country , as current Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron put it in a recent speech . Those on the left lambasted her for laying waste to the industrial north , responsible for massive unemployment in football 's heartlands : Manchester , Newcastle and Liverpool among others . Two English Premier League chairman -- Dave Whelan of Wigan and John Madjeski of Reading , both of whom were also Conservative party donors -- suggested that a minute 's silence would be appropriate before this weekend 's matches . "  We owe Mrs. Thatcher a minute 's silence , " Whelan had told the BBC ahead of his side 's FA Cup semifinal against Millwall on Saturday . "  It is not my decision , it is for the FA to decide , but I would be in favor of wearing an armband out of respect to Mrs. Thatcher . " But the response from the fans was furious and the English Football Association decided against it . "  A minute silence is to mark and remember football people . Great football people . Or moments of national tragedy where all unite , say 9/11 or Remembrance Sunday , " explained David Conn a football writer for The Guardian newspaper . "  It was above politics . They have never had a minute 's silence for a political figure . By definition it is divisive . " Another battleground Football , Conn explained , had never been looked on kindly by Thatcher . "  She presided over the worst decade for -LSB- English -RSB- football in its history , " he said . "  There were problems with supporters fighting . All that was done was to vilify and control supporters . "  She hated football . She regarded football fans as the ` enemies within ' . She wanted to batter football intro submission . She saw it as another area of insurrection . " The "  enemies within " was also a phrase Thatcher used to describe the unions , the battle which perhaps more than any other defined her time in office . To try and curb hooligan violence at football matches , fences were erected around each pitch . An ID card scheme for every fan , with draconian jail sentences for anyone found without one , was piloted at Luton Town . But the violence continued . When the Heysel disaster took place at the 1985 European Cup final between Liverpool and Juventus , leaving 39 fans -- 32 of them Italian -- dead , Thatcher insisted that English teams be withdrawn from European competition . The ban remained for five years Hillsborough But football 's nadir came four years later at Hillsborough . Ninety six Liverpool fans were killed in a stadium crush during an FA Cup semifinal in 1989 . The government and the police blamed Liverpool fans for deaths , while British tabloid newspaper The Sun ran lurid stories of the supporter 's complicity in the tragedy , all of which were late to be found to false . "  Liverpool was one of the few British cities that actually stood up to Thatcher and her policies . The city 's trade unionists and politicians were a constant source of irritation to her , " said Tony Barrett , the Merseyside football writer for The Times newspaper . "  She did n't get us and we most certainly did n't get her . The problem with that relationship is that she wielded the power and she allowed Liverpool to crumble . "  As a child growing up in 1980s the signs of mass unemployment , urban decay and grinding poverty were everywhere . She could n't have cared less . " Twenty years later Liverpool 's fans were exonerated of any wrongdoing with the release of the Hillsborough Independent Panel report . Low safety standards and poor policing were blamed . The report also exposed two decades of cover ups . David Cameroon stood in the House of Commons and apologized . The city never forgot the person who they saw as being ultimately in charge at the time . "  On Hillsborough , it is difficult to identify or establish exactly what role Thatcher played , if any , in the cover up that followed the disaster , " added Barrett . "  There is evidence that came to light following the publication of the Hillsborough Independent Panel report last September , which proves that Thatcher was not happy with the interim report from Lord Justice Taylor . "  The report laid the blame where it belonged - at the door of South Yorkshire Police - and she made it clear that she was not happy about that . "  The suspicion of the Hillsborough families and their supporters is that Thatcher 's involvement went beyond this . " Thatcher 's legacy ? Rebak sees Thatcher 's influence on the game in a different way . He argues that Thatcher saved football from itself . "  When you look at the 80s English football was terrorized by hooligans and derelict stadia , " he says . "  She said , this could not continue . The hooligan element was destroying English football . " Shortly after Hillsborough the Taylor Report 's review of the tragedy changed the game forever . Stadiums became all seater and safety was improved . The influx of money from Sky Television -- owned by Rupert Murdoch -- then revolutionized the game , playing a big part in turning English football in to the global entertainment product it is today , for good or ill . Yet Rebak claims the club decided to have a minute 's silence , not out of politics , but because Thatcher was a patron the club and , in one of her last acts as MP for Finchley , helped save it from going out of business . Humble roots Wingate FC was founded in 1946 by British Jewish soldiers returning from the Second World War . "  The aim was to fight racism . Initially it was anti-Semitism and that changed through time to anti-discrimination , " explained Rebak . The club 's name derived from an eccentric British army officer called Orde Wingate , a pioneer in modern guerrilla warfare that trained what would become the Israeli Defense Force . "  They -LSB- the returning soldiers -RSB- believed the only way to increase friendship was sport , between faiths and races . To play against each other and with each other , " added Rebak . The club eventually bought their Hall Round ground . The England 1966 World Cup squad even trained there once before the tournament . When the ground was knocked down to make way for a new motorway , the club was homeless , though it had money in the bank . By 1991 it was mooted that the club merge with nearby Finchley , which had a dilapidated stadium but no money . "  It was n't important , it was essential , " said Rebak of the merger , who was chairman at the time of Thatcher 's intervention . "  She accepted the two clubs should merge in 1991 . And she played a major role in bringing the two clubs together and assisting us . She would tell us who to contact , speak to them , helped with the new lease . "  She thought it was good idea . She came to the ground once . It was only 100 yards from her Finchley office . " Wingate & Finchley are in a tiny minority . Only two other sports teams have declared they will allow a minute 's silence before the game : top division rugby union clubs Exeter Chiefs and Saracens , which is also found in Thatcher 's old Finchley constituency . "  We have a sold out match and we are fairly confident that the overwhelming majority of Saracens supporters will approve , " said Saracen 's chief executive Edward Griffiths . "  If on Saturday someone interrupts a minute 's silence , then that is democracy . We live in a free country , something Thatcher worked for as much as anyone to protect . " Another minute 's silence Just over an hour 's drive west of Finchley , at exactly the same time on Saturday afternoon , a very different minute 's silence will begin before Reading 's match against Liverpool : to mark the 24th anniversary of Hillsborough . Initially Madjeski -- the Reading chairman -- had suggested a minute 's silence for Thatcher too . "  If they do hold a minute 's silence for Margaret Thatcher , I think they are making a big mistake , " said Margaret Aspinall , chair of the Hillsborough Family Support Group , who lost her 18 year old son in the tragedy . "  Somebody fed -LSB- Thatcher -RSB- those lies , I think she was part of it and she knew about it . That 's why I feel the way I do . " But Madjeski backed down , realizing that silence was unlikely . " -LSB- Hillsborough is -RSB- the only minute 's silence there should be this weekend , " agreed Liverpool coach Brenden Rogers . Divine intervention Rebak is n't sure how many will be at the Harry Abrahams Stadium on Saturday when Wingate & Finchley takes on Kingstonian F.C. in their vital relegation clash . "  Maybe 500 or 600 and some away fans too , " he estimates . He 'll be keeping an eye out , hoping that the match will pass without intervention . Or , at the least , not the intervention he fears . "  We need a good three points , " said Rebak . "  Maybe we can get some divine intervention from Mrs T. "	Debate over whether a minute 's silence should be held for Margaret Thatcher before this weekend 's sporting fixtures English Premier League will not insist on the tribute Thatcher was a controversial figure in sport , especially football Only tiny Wingate & Finchley from Thatcher 's own constituency has said it will hold a minute 's silence
North Korea 's plans for a new nuclear test , like most things that happen inside the reclusive state , are shrouded in mystery . But that 's not stopping analysts and officials from making some informed guesses about what 's going on . Why is North Korea planning to conduct a nuclear test ? The North says the "  higher level " test is part of its military deterrent in its confrontation with the United States , which it describes as "  the sworn enemy of the Korean people . " Its declaration that it would carry out the test came just two days after the United Nations Security Council voted in favor of imposing broader sanctions on the regime in response to Pyongyang 's long-range rocket launch in December that was widely viewed as a test of ballistic missile technology . The pattern of events is similar to the lead-up to the previous nuclear tests North Korea carried out in 2006 and 2009 . Kim Jong Un appears likely to shrug off pressure from most of the international community , including North Korea 's main ally , China , and go ahead with a third test . "  Neither the prospect of stronger sanctions , nor the growing discontent of Russia and China with his behavior , appears to deter North Korea 's young leader , " George Lopez , professor of peace studies at the Kroc Institute , University of Notre Dame , wrote in an opinion article this week for CNN . Under the North 's power-driven ideology of songun , or "  military first , " the punishment meted out last month by the U.N. Security Council requires a strong response , according to Daniel Pinkston , senior analyst for the International Crisis Group covering Northeast Asia . North Korea "  sees international law , international institutions , collective security , arms control and any other cooperative arrangement as undesirable and as schemes to undermine their national security , " Pinkston said in a recent blog post . A new test will also give North Korea a chance to underscore advances in its nuclear program , potentially moving it closer to a nuclear weapon that it can mount on a long-range missile . "  To make its nuclear arsenal more menacing and provide the deterrent power Pyongyang 's vitriolic pronouncements are aimed to achieve , North Korea must demonstrate that it can deliver the weapons on missiles at a distance , " Siegfried Hecker , a Stanford University professor who has visited North Korean nuclear facilities , wrote in an article for Foreign Policy this week . When is it likely to happen ? Given that North Korea is one of the most isolated , secretive regimes on the planet , one that views much of the rest of the world with suspicion , getting a clear idea of what exactly it plans to do when is often far from straightforward . Its announcement last month that it would go ahead with a nuclear test did n't provide a time-frame , so analysts and government officials around the globe are interpreting satellite images of the test zone and parsing the language in state media reports for clues . Most of them agree that North Korea is technically ready and could carry out a test at any time . The question is when the top leaders in Pyongyang will give the political green light to go ahead with a move that is likely to further sour relations with the country 's Asian neighbors and the United States . "  I think by their political calculations , this is where they 're going to have , so to say , the most bang for the buck and make it most effective for what they want to try to accomplish , " said Philip Yun , executive director of the Ploughshares Fund , a U.S.-based foundation that seeks to stop the spread of nuclear weapons . Yun said this week that North Korea 's recent statements suggest a test is "  imminent . " North Korea on Google Maps : Monuments , nuclear complex , gulags How will other countries know if it has happened ? The test is expected to take place underground at the North 's Punggye-ri nuclear facility , and the first indications that a test has taken place are likely to show up on earthquake-monitoring equipment . The area around Punggye-ri has little or no history of earthquakes or natural seismic hazards , according to U.S. Geological Survey  USGS  maps . But the previous test , in 2009 , registered as a seismic event with a magnitude between 4 and 5 . Besides earthquake-monitoring organizations like the USGS , the Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty Organization in Vienna , has a network of seismic , sonar and radiation instruments designed to pick up nuclear tests . It also has sensors that can detect gases that may leak into the atmosphere from the explosion . But determining the sophistication of the nuclear device , and what kind of material -- plutonium or uranium -- was used , will be considerably more difficult , experts say . At some point , North Korea is likely to announce that the explosion has taken place . "  Pyongyang will almost certainly claim that the test was successful and will tout its sophistication . It will be difficult to distinguish truth from propaganda , but experience shows there is often a nugget of truth in North Korea 's claims , " Stanford 's Hecker says . South Koreans cast wary eyes to the North What stage will North Korea 's nuclear weapons program be at following a new test ? With hard facts about the test so scarce , analysts are busy theorizing what exactly North Korea means when it says the test will be of a "  higher level . " There is a widespread expectation that it will involve the use of highly enriched uranium , whereas the country 's two previous tests are understood to have involved plutonium-based devices . "  A successful uranium test indicates that Pyongyang has advanced centrifuge technologies and related support systems , " Notre Dame 's Lopez said . "  It means that North Korea , if left unchecked , can both produce and export such material . " In an article for the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists last year , Hecker and another analyst , Frank Pabian , speculated that North Korea could test two devices at the same time , one using plutonium and the other uranium . "  Two detonations will yield much more technical information than one , and they will be no more damaging politically than if North Korea conducted a single test , " they wrote . Some observers have even suggested that Pyongyang could make an early attempt at testing a thermonuclear device , which uses nuclear fusion to create a more powerful explosion . But others say they do n't believe the North has that ability within its grasp yet . In any case , the test is expected to take North Korea closer to having a nuclear weapon it can direct at its enemies . But actually achieving that goal still remains a longer-term effort , according to Joseph Cirincione , president of the Ploughshares Fund . "  I still think we 're years away from North Korea having a capability to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile even to a country as close as Japan or South Korea , " Cirincione said recently . "  And they 're even further away from having a long-range missile that could hit the United States . " What are the consequences likely to be ? The region is already braced for the test to take place , and countries like the United States , South Korea and Japan are already preparing their response . John Kerry , the new U.S. Secretary of State , spoke to his counterparts in Tokyo and Seoul by phone on Sunday , and all of three of them agreed that the North must understand "  that it will face significant consequences from the international community if it continues its provocative behavior , " according to a summary of the calls from the U.S. State Department A push for fresh condemnation and sanctions from the U.N. Security Council is likely , but whether or not the new measures have much bite depends on China . In the event of a new nuclear test , Beijing is likely "  reduce its assistance to North Korea , " the the state-run Chinese newspaper Global Times said in an editorial last month . But it added that "  if the U.S. , Japan and South Korea promote extreme U.N. sanctions on North Korea , China will resolutely stop them and force them to amend these draft resolutions . " Fundamentally , analysts say , a new test wo n't upend the geopolitical situation in Northeast Asia . But it will seriously harm the chances of any meaningful dialog between Pyongyang , Seoul and Washington in the near future . "  It will signal that the new regime , like its predecessors , has chosen bombs over electricity " for its impoverished population , Hecker wrote . Another test also increases concerns about where North Korea 's nuclear material will end up in the long term , either because it decides to sell it or in the event of a collapse of the regime , according to Yun of the Ploughshares Fund . "  That 's something that we really have to be concerned about , " he said .	North Korea has vowed to carry out a "  higher level " test Experts and officials say it could take place at any time Opinions vary on exactly what kind of test it may carry out Another nuclear test is likely to further strain relations in East Asia
CNN  -- It 's not easy being a Chechen . The family of Tamerlan and Dzhokar Tsarnaev , the alleged Boston bombers , have , like all their ethnic kin , led lives marked by violence and deportation . Chechnya is a small land in the Caucasus mountains that was one of the last places to be conquered by the Russian empire in the 19th century . Chechens are also Muslims . In February 1944 , Joseph Stalin added them to his list of "  punished peoples , " whole ethnic groups who were deemed disloyal to the Soviet Union and subjected to wholesale deportation . Every Chechen -- man , woman and child -- was packed into freight cars and shipped to the freezing steppe of Soviet Central Asia . The republic of Chechnya was erased from the map . Around a quarter of the 400,000 deported Chechens died in the process . It was only 13 years later , after Stalin 's death , that they were miraculously forgiven and allowed to return home . But some , including members of the Tsarnaev family , stayed on in places like the republic of Kyrgyzstan . Fifty years later , in 1994 , the year after Dzhokar Tsarnaev was born , the Russian government unleashed a new wave of violence , sending in the army to crush a turbulent independence movement in Chechnya . The Russian defense minister of the time predicted it all would be over in 24 hours . Ten years later , after two savage wars , the Chechen city of Grozny was in ruins , tens of thousands of Chechens were dead and many more in exile once again . From 2002 , Chechen extremists began to wage terrorist acts against Russian civilian targets , most horrifically against a school in the town of Beslan , where nearly 300 people were killed . The region is outwardly much more quiet now , but a low-level Islamist insurgency continues in and around Chechnya that takes dozens of lives each year and is mostly out of the headlines . The two young Tsarnaev boys were the children of the war generation , displaced from their homeland , growing up as a reviled Muslim minority . In their biographies we can see some typical characteristics of Chechen life . Where are Chechens from ? Not the Czech Republic The first is the migrant life . Maybe one-fifth of Chechnya 's pre-1994 population of 1 million has fled to different parts of the world , the vast majority of them to various European countries . A second is an aggressively macho culture . Chechnya has a warrior tradition and many Chechen males and their fellow Muslims from the Caucasus seek to compensate for discrimination by excelling in martial arts . Tamerlan and Dzhokar took up boxing and wrestling respectively . A third characteristic is that , as refugees from a misunderstood minority group associated with "  terrorism , " they apparently found solace in the Islamic Internet , the multiplicity of devout or jihadist websites that linked them with similarly alienated Muslims around the world . What makes these two different is that their alienation turned into a self-fulfilling prophecy . Resentful of being labeled terrorists , they apparently turned to terrorism . What also differentiates the two brothers is that , unlike most Chechen migrants , they ended up in the United States . Most of the refugees who end up in this country see it as a safe haven . But in this case , a virulently anti-Western streak appears to have followed the two into exile , or caught up with them here . Opinion : What we know about Chechnya In Chechnya , Russian Cold War suspicions fused with militant Islamic rhetoric . Chechnya 's first pro-independence president Dzhokhar  or Jokhar  Dudayev was a Soviet general turned Chechen nationalist who hated NATO as much as he did the government in Moscow . In the 1990s , at the height of post-Cold War rapprochement , ordinary Chechens blamed Washington for turning a blind eye to President Boris Yeltsin 's war against them . More recently , the local warlord Ramzan Kadyrov , whom Moscow has installed as leader of Chechnya , implausibly blames the West for backing the jihad against Russia . Members of a wandering wounded generation , the Tsarnaevs seem to have been all-too-typical Chechens in the tribulations of their lives , but one-offs in the way their journeys ended . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas de Waal .	Tom de Waal : Boston suspects are Chechen , a minority group that has suffered under Russia De Waal : Their parents were in two savage wars with Russia and displaced from homeland Suspects lived a typical Chechen life of migration , he says , part of a macho culture Chechens resent the label "  terrorists , " he says ; suspects seem to have embraced it
Washington  CNN  -- A white diplomatic van shown plowing into anti-government protesters in Cairo might belong to the United States , officials said , adding that 20 such vehicles have been stolen in Egypt amid the unrest . The YouTube video , dated January 28 , is one of three from recent days showing drivers seemingly purposefully ramming their vehicle into demonstrators in streets that appear to be around Cairo 's Tahrir Square . The footage caused an uproar online , some of it related to the fact that the van appeared to resemble a U.S. diplomatic vehicle . "  Obviously , we 've seen some of the reaction on YouTube and other forums , which is why we 're trying to get out and knock this erroneous story down , " U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Friday afternoon . Fellow State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley was the first to comment earlier Friday , saying that American officials were "  very aware " of the video and trying to get more information on what happened . Later , the State Department and U.S. Embassy in Egypt issued a joint statement also acknowledging video of the "  hit-and-run " incident that "  injured dozens in Cairo . " A spokesman did not explain how U.S. officials came to that casualty toll . The statement noted that "  a number of U.S. Embassy vehicles " were stolen on January 28 , when Egyptian police abandoned their posts in droves around Cairo . Toner later clarified that 20 vehicles had been taken . "  Since these vehicles were stolen , we have heard reports of their use in violent and criminal acts , " the statement said , alluding to the possibility that one might be the van shown on the YouTube video . "  If true , we deplore these acts and perpetrators . " The U.S. release added , "  We are certain that no embassy employees or diplomats were involved . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	A YouTube video , dated January 28 , shows a white van hitting protesters in Cairo State Department checking whether van involved was stolen from its embassy Several U.S. diplomatic vehicles were stolen on January 28 , the statement says U.S. official : "  We are certain no embassy employees or diplomats were involved "
CNN Student News  -- March 6 , 2014 Thousands of Chinese legislators convene in Beijing , but they 're not expected to vote on any major laws . We 'll explain why in this Thursday edition of CNN Student News . Also covered today : An asteroid comes within the moon 's distance to Earth , the College Board overhauls the SAT , and a California couple finds a pot of gold . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might media coverage affect someone who discovers treasure ? Why might some want this coverage and some want to avoid it ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . National People 's Congress 2 . SAT 3 . aurum Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What kind of government does China have ? What is the purpose of the annual meeting of the National People 's Congress ? Why are international economists interested in this event ? 2 . How close did an asteroid recently pass by Earth ? How large was the asteroid ? How many asteroids have scientists discovered this year ? What were the chances of this asteroid actually hitting Earth ? 3 . How many gold coins were recently found by a California couple ? What is the estimated value of these coins ? What theory was presented with regard to why these coins were left behind ? What is the most likely reason why these coins were left ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion of college entrance exams ? Are you planning to take the SAT ? Why or why not ? Do you think that changes are needed to the test ? What is your opinion about College Board 's planned changes to the exam ? What possible pros and cons could these changes bring ? How might the timing of these changes affect some students ? 2 . What action would you take if you were to discover gold near your home ? What options do you think were available to a California couple who found a pot of gold ? Why do you think they chose to remain anonymous ? Can you think of any drawbacks of doing so ? Explain . 3 . How would you describe Louis Corbett 's attitude ? How might his attendance of a Boston Celtics game affect him , the team , and the people who helped him get to Boston ? What do you think Louis will remember most about this experience ? How do you think his family will meet the challenges that lie ahead of it ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- After reaching a record high of 14,253.77 on Tuesday , the Dow Jones industrial average rose an additional 0.3 % on Wednesday to reach a new record high of 14,296.39 . First off , the latest Dow number is not really a record . If we adjust it for inflation , the Dow still has a way to go . But is the rising number a sign that the economy , which has been improving sluggishly , is about to improve dramatically ? Probably not . For example , the previous peak in the Dow in 2007 was just before the onset of the Great Recession , and remember what happened then ? Right , the economy crashed . People got scared . Hell broke loose . No -- not really , but there was plenty of fear going around . Flash to present day . Some people are surprised that the stock market is doing so well , particularly in light of such high levels of unemployment . But maybe we should welcome the optimism since it can push along the economy . The steady rise of the Dow since early 2009 has been driven mainly by two factors : the slow improvement in economic conditions and optimism since the recession ended , and the Federal Reserve 's attempt to stimulate the economy using quantitative easing policies . Under the policies , the Federal Reserve has purchased large volumes of financial assets , and the increase in demand for these assets from the Fed has lowered long-term interest rates and put upward pressure on the prices of stocks and bonds . As asset prices increase , people feel wealthier and more secure because of increased value of retirement funds , education savings , and so on , and the increase in wealth and security makes it more likely that consumers will spend money on goods and services . This boosts GDP and employment , and the improved outlook for the economy can increase stock prices even further . A case in point -- my parents . They are retired and did a lot of traveling . But when the 2007 recession hit and wiped out their retirement savings and equity in their home , they stopped traveling and instead began trying to rebuild what had been lost . They hunkered down , waiting for the storm to pass so to speak . Gradually , they started to spend a bit more as stock prices and the economy improved , but they are not yet back to where they were before the recession . My parents are more optimistic now , and that spurs them to spend more , which helps businesses and the economy . There are many Americans who went through similar experiences . If we add all of them together , we can see why things seem better than before . More people feel like we 're on the right track . The high stock market prices reflect this sentiment . But the real question remains : What does the Dow tells us about the future of the economy ? There is some evidence that the stock market can predict economic prospects , but the correlation is unreliable . The improvement in the Dow is a good sign , but let 's not treat it as reading the tea leaves . Just as no one can predict the stock market , no one can really predict the economy , even if the Dow is doing great . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Thoma .	Mark Thoma : The latest Dow number is not really a record when adjusted for inflation Thoma : It 's good that the stock market is doing well , but it 's not a reliable predictor of economy He says Federal Reserve 's policy of quantitative easing has contributed to Dow 's rise Thoma : General optimism has also helped push the stock market up
Jackson , Mississippi  CNN  -- The family of an African-American man who died after allegedly being beaten by a group of white teens and run over by a truck is asking state and federal officials not to seek the death penalty in the case . Relatives of James Craig Anderson , who died shortly after receiving his injuries on June 26 , sent a letter with their request to the prosecutor in the case , Hinds County District Attorney Robert Shuler Smith . "  We ask that you not seek the death penalty for anyone involved in James ' murder , " the letter states ; the letter is signed by Barbara Anderson Young , James Craig Anderson 's sister who is in charge of , and speaks for , his estate . The letter states that the family is opposed to the death penalty partly for religious convictions . "  Our opposition to the death penalty is deeply rooted in our religious faith , a faith that was central in James ' life as well , " the letter states . But the family goes on to explain that there is another reason for their opposition , one that is tied to Mississippi 's racial past . "  We also oppose the death penalty because it historically has been used in Mississippi and the South primarily against people of color for killing whites , " the letter states . "  Executing James ' killers will not help to balance the scales . But sparing them may help to spark a dialogue that one day will lead to the elimination of capital punishment . " The family has been mostly private in its grief , but the letter sent to the DA 's office alludes to what the family is going through . "  Those responsible for James ' death not only ended the life of a talented and wonderful man . They also caused our family unspeakable pain and grief . But our loss will not be lessened by the state taking the life of another , " it says . The death of James Craig Anderson , 48 , occurred early June 26 in Jackson , allegedly at the hands of white teens who , after a night of partying and drinking , decided to go looking for black people to assault , law enforcement officials have said , quoting one of the suspects in the case . Anderson 's death drew national attention after CNN first reported it and aired exclusive surveillance video of the actual killing , captured by a parking lot security camera in a Jackson suburb . Smith , the district attorney , has called it "  vicious " and a "  premeditated hate crime . " "  We have a racially motivated killing , " said Smith , asserting that the group of white teens sought out a black person to kill . "  The teens came to Jackson and they picked out a black man , an innocent victim . They assaulted that victim , and then they just killed him . " U.S. Department of Justice investigators are now in Jackson , investigating the death as a possible federal hate crime and assisting local prosecutors . The killing has also prompted several large marches and prayer vigils in Jackson , a city of nearly 540,000 people . Deryl Dedmon Jr. , 19 , of Brandon , Mississippi , is facing murder charges in Anderson 's death and is eligible for the death penalty . A second teen , John Aaron Rice , 18 , was initially charged with murder , but a judge reduced the charge to simple assault because Rice was not believed to be driving the vehicle used to kill Anderson . However , Hinds County prosecutors said they plan to seek indictments against both Dedmon and Rice for murder and a hate crime , and will seek indictments against other teens who were at the scene . Neither teen has entered a plea . The district attorney 's office has not officially commented on the family 's request for no death penalty in the case . Last week the Anderson family filed a wrongful death suit against all seven of the white teens alleged to have been present at the beating of Anderson that immediately preceded him being run over by the truck . The Southern Poverty Law Center , a nationally recognized organization based in Montgomery , Alabama , that opposes racism and intolerance , joined in the lawsuit . "  James Anderson lost his life for no other reason than the color of his skin , " said Morris Dees , chief trial counsel for the law center . "  Those responsible must be held accountable for their callous and deadly actions . We are filing this lawsuit today to ensure his family gets a measure of justice . " In addition to Dedmon and Rice , the lawsuit names five other teens as taking part in the incident that evening : Sarah Graves of Crystal Springs ; Shelbie Richards of Pearl ; and William Kirk Montgomery , John Blaylock and Dylan Butler , all of Brandon . None of the five has been arrested or charged , and it was unclear whether they had retained attorneys . Anderson , a line worker at a Nissan plant , sang in his church choir , the family 's attorney , Winston J. Thompson III , told reporters . He leaves behind his partner of 17 years . "  He was just a pillar of the community , " Thompson said . "  He paid his taxes on time , he went to work , came home -- he was just an average , ordinary citizen , good guy , wonderful gardener . " "  Anyone who knew James could see that he was a caring man with a beautiful smile , " said Anderson 's sister , Barbara Anderson Young , in a previous statement . "  He was such a compassionate person . We must take an honest look at the racial climate that motivated some young people to hurt such a wonderful person . " Attorneys for Dedmon and Rice have not responded to requests for comment from CNN . During a bond hearing , Dedmon 's attorney told the court he saw nothing to back up the "  racial allegations . " A civil trial can proceed at the same time as a criminal case , but often the civil case is delayed pending the resolution of a criminal trial . While a criminal case is pending , a defendant in a civil case may need to invoke the Fifth Amendment . The lawsuit alleges all seven of the teens "  took part in what we call a joint venture , to seek out and do harm to a person of color , " Thompson said . Authorities believe Dedmon led and instigated the attack , which took place after a night of drinking in largely white Rankin County outside Jackson . Dedmon told friends they should leave , saying , "  Let 's go fuck with some niggers , " officials said . The gang of teens climbed into Dedmon 's green truck and a white SUV and drove 16 miles to the western edge of Jackson . They would have seen Anderson immediately as they exited the highway , officials said . He was standing in a hotel parking lot just beyond the exit ramp . On the videotape obtained exclusively by CNN , the group of teens is seen pulling into the parking lot and stopping where Anderson is standing , although he is just off camera and not visible . The teens can then be seen going back and forth between their cars and Anderson . Witnesses told authorities this is when Anderson 's beating took place , as the teens yelled racial epithets , including "  white power . " Authorities allege Dedmon and many of the other teens pummeled Anderson repeatedly as he crumpled to the ground , although this is not visible on the tape . After the beating , some of the teens left and others got into the green Ford truck . At this moment , Anderson becomes visible on the tape as he staggers into view and walks toward the truck . "  Defendant Dedmon drove the F-250 out of the parking lot and turned right onto Ellis Avenue , " the lawsuit says . "  Just as Dedmon turned right , his headlights shone directly on Anderson , who , having been severely beaten , was stumbling in a grassy area near the motel 's entrance . Dedmon accelerated , drove onto and over the street curb , and struck Anderson with the front of the F-250 . " Shortly afterward , Dedmon allegedly boasted and laughed about the killing , according to statements some of the teens made to detectives . "  I ran that n ----- over , " he allegedly said in a phone conversation to the teens in the other car . "  He was not remorseful , " District Attorney Smith said . "  He was laughing , laughing about the killing . " The proceedings of the case are taking place in the Hinds County courthouse , where in 1994 Byron de la Beckwith was convicted in the notorious killing of civil rights leader Medgar Evers in 1963 . That case and others have given Mississippi a racially charged history .	James Anderson 's family opposes the death penalty for religious and historical reasons "  Our loss will not be lessened by the state taking the life of another , " they say Deryl Dedmon Jr. , 19 , is charged with murder in the case
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- The recent arrest and sentencing of a British disc jockey in Dubai highlights the need for foreign travelers to pay close attention to the United Arab Emirates ' strict rules on prohibited substances , a legal charity said Wednesday . Western tourists oblivious to the severe drugs laws in the UAE often end up in jail after arriving in the conservative Muslim country with tiny amounts of narcotics . DJ Grooverider , whose real name is Raymond Bingham , was jailed Tuesday for four years in Dubai for possession of cannabis , said a spokesman for BBC Radio 1 , where the he presented a weekly drum 'n bass show . He was arrested November 23 after being caught with 2.16 grams of the drug at the airport , the BBC spokesman said . "  It 's another incident of exactly the sort of case we 've seen occurring with increased frequency , " said Catherine Wolthuizen , chief executive of Fair Trials International . The charity issued a warning to travelers earlier this month , urging them to read up on Dubai 's restrictions and make sure they are free of any substances . The warning followed a series of cases in which Dubai authorities arrested travelers with trace amounts of banned substances or seemingly innocuous items . Fair Trials highlighted the case of a Swiss man jailed for having three poppy seeds on his shirt which apparently came from a sandwich he had eaten at the airport before departure . UAE customs officials said the man was stopped after arriving in Dubai from Zurich on January 18 , though it provided no other details on his case . The U.S. State Department warns that poppy seeds are on the UAE 's list of controlled substances . An official at the UAE 's police labs who declined to be named said the Emirates only ban raw poppy seeds -- not baked -- because raw seeds could be planted for drug use . The British and U.S. governments have warnings in place for travelers to the UAE , alerting them to the severe penalties for being found with drugs , and the types of drugs which are illegal in the country . "  The possession and/or import of even the smallest amount of drugs can result in a minimum prison sentence of four years , " states the advice from Britain 's Foreign Office . "  The presence of drugs in the system is counted as possession . " Some prescribed medications -- such as Valium or those used for hormone replacement therapy -- are forbidden even with a prescription , Fair Trials said . Codeine , which is available over the counter in Britain , is allowed only with a doctor 's prescription , the Foreign Office states . Fair Trials mentioned the case of an unnamed 20-year-old who was traveling back to England from Pakistan . The charity said he was arrested after customs officers allegedly found 0.02 grams of cannabis in his pocket . UAE customs officials told CNN the 20-year-old was arrested January 16 and actually was found with 0.67 grams of cannabis . "  Travelers must be aware about and understand the laws of any country they visit , " said a customs official , who also declined to be named . The BBC spokesman said Grooverider , who went to Dubai to work at a club , claimed he forgot the drugs were in the pocket of a pair of trousers . "  Grooverider is paying a very high price for a serious mistake , " the Radio 1 spokesman said . Fair Trials ' Wolthuizen said one thing is clear : Travelers to the UAE must be careful . "  The Emirates are quite happy to be known as having an unusually strict approach to enforcing their drug laws , " Wolthuizen said . "  They are going to extraordinary lengths to enforce them . " E-mail to a friend	Grooverider sentence highlights UAE 's strict drug rules The DJ was jailed for four years in Dubai on Tuesday for possession of cannabis He was arrested November 23 after being caught with 2.16 grams of the drug The Emirates have an unusually strict approach to enforcing their drug laws
CNN  -- Florida authorities issued an alert late Wednesday night for a 12-year-old girl that police believe was abducted in Virginia by the boyfriend of her dead mother . The Amber Alert in Florida listed information about Brittany Smith and the man police believe abducted her . Authorities in Virginia launched a search for the seventh-grader Monday after officers found the body of Brittany 's mother , Tina Smith , 41 , inside the family 's Salem home . Tina Smith 's co-workers contacted police after the woman failed to show up for work Monday morning . Virginia police said earlier that the girl was abducted by Jeffrey Scott Easley , 32 , who met the girl 's mother on the Internet . They do not know if Brittany went with Easley willingly . The pair may be seeking refuge in another state , Roanoke County Police Chief Ray Lavinder told reporters . Police have obtained a felony abduction warrant for Easley . Along with Florida , police in Virginia say they are working with authorities in North Carolina , Alabama , West Virginia , Kentucky and Ohio to issue alerts in their states for the missing vehicle and Easley and Brittany . Tearful relatives sent messages of love and concern Wednesday night to the 12-year-old girl . "  I prayed for you everyday since I found out you were gone and will continue to pray until you are found and returned to us , " Brittany 's cousin , Kim Stephenson , said at an evening press conference . Police have said the key is finding a silver 2005 Dodge Neon four-door sedan with Virginia tag XKF-2365 that belonged to the girl 's dead mother . Easley , a 265-pound white male , is 5 feet , 11 inches tall , has brown hair and hazel eyes , the Amber Alert says . Brittany Smith is 5 feet tall , weighs 100 pounds , and has straight brown hair and brown eyes . They have asked anyone with information to call 911 or Roanoke County police at 540-777-8641 .	Relatives plead for the girl to come home A felony abduction warrant is issued for Jeffrey Scott Easley Authorities are also looking to issue alerts in other states
Houston  CNN  -- If you are heading home after Thanksgiving still groggy from L-tryptophan and an early morning Black Friday shopping spree , you 're counting on a team of airline workers you might never see to get your plane out safely and on time . "  I think the pit crew analogy is actually a really good analogy , " explains Stephanie Buchanan , vice president of the Houston hub for United Airlines . "  We like to call it a highly choreographed ballet . There are a lot of moving pieces , a lot of teamwork that has to happen . " When a large aircraft lands , as many as 35 men and women -- most wearing orange or green safety vests -- swarm to the plane to get it ready to go out on its next flight . "  It has to be marshaled into a gate , the baggage has to be unloaded , the cargo has to be run to the freight warehouse , the passengers have to come off , it has to be refueled , catered again , " Buchanan says . "  Everyone has to work as quickly as they possibly can to get everything turned and ready for the flight to go out again . " Best times to travel on a tight budget Many aircraft have only 40 minutes between arrival and departure , so each gate has a large LED display counting down the seconds until the plane is scheduled to leave . This week CNN got special access to United Airlines ' ramp-services operation at Houston 's George Bush Intercontinental Airport . When Flight 59 from Amsterdam pulls into Gate E18 , the lead marshaler waves two orange wands directing the pilot where to park the Boeing 767 aircraft . Two crossed wands is the signal to stop . Within seconds , wheel chocks , complete with the airline 's name printed on them , are placed behind and then in front of the aircraft 's wheels to keep it from rolling . A thumbs-up from one of the workers signals the jet bridge to slide into place , as a warning bell sounds , and open the way for passengers get off . How to pay for your vacation Ramp crews are already at the rear of the aircraft opening doors to retrieve the cargo and luggage inside . On this larger aircraft as many as 500 bags can fit into the hold with most packed into large shipping containers called "  cans . " "  You have someone actually taking the cans off the aircraft , onto the loader , and then you have a download crew which actually pulls the carts with the cans to their destination , " Antwon Warden , a ramp service agent , says as he stands watching one of the contoured containers slide out . "  There is a lot of processes that go into getting a bag from one destination to the other , but we do it proficiently . " Computerized bar code scanners help the crews identify bags and where they are headed . "  When a person checks in for a flight a bag tag will be generated , " Buchanan says . "  That bag tag will be read by a scanner and based on that information the agents know whether to put it on another cart to go connect somewhere else or to put it in our bag systems which can also read the tags and let us know whether that bag needs to connect to another flight or be delivered here locally . " 7 ways to go local while traveling As bags are still being unloaded , ramp service agent Max Rivera is at the front of the aircraft attaching a large tug to the front wheel so the plane can be pushed back onto the taxiway when it comes time to leave . "  We try to stay one step ahead of our normal procedures as far as getting it ready to actually depart , " he says . Inside the aircraft cleaning crews are already replacing the used pillows and blankets while a food service contractor is loading new meals and beverages for the return trip to Amsterdam . Buchanan says decades of experience have taught them how much of each item needs to be on each flight . "  You build up a database , if you will , of every type of flight , every type of market , based on how many people are going to be booked on it as to the quantity of each thing that you should board , " she says . As maintenance crews make final checks , in the cockpit the pilots wait in the jetway ready to step into the aircraft . Outside the plane a worker is connecting two large fire hose sized gas nozzles to the underside of the wing to pump in the thousands of pounds of jet fuel needed for the flight . 5 post-Thanksgiving hotel sales At the rear of the aircraft other hoses pump water in and lavatory waste out . "  I would say maybe the folks that have to empty the lavatories have the toughest job , " Buchanan says . "  But they are all equally important in our minds . " Making sure every part of the process runs smoothly from the other side of the airport is BB Chavez in the Station Operations Control Center . "  I like to think of myself as an orchestra conductor , " Chavez , manager of the operations center , says as he looks over the darkened mission control room filled with computer screens . "  Everybody in here plays a critical part . You have your vendors over here , your caterers , your fuelers , your line maintenance over here , these gentlemen watch the aircraft that come in and out , and this desk here watches the whole operation . " On his screen he can see video of the plane at E18 finishing its preparations . "  We still have a couple of passengers boarding , " he says with 25 minutes to go until departure . "  Looks like everything is right on time . " Mind your digital manners Turning planes around quickly might be nice for passengers , but it also means profits for an airline . "  Our airplanes are our assets and so we need to utilize them as much as we possibly can , " Buchanan says . "  So the faster we can turn an airplane the sooner we can get it back in the air flying and earning revenue for us . " Back at the ramp , service agent Simi Kalasa is loading the last few individual bags into a compartment in the rear of the plane . For him , the holidays mean more luggage to load . "  That would probably be the toughest part , because you get a larger volume of bags and you have got to work a little harder . " Dear holiday traveler : Do n't be a jerk With one last minute bag loaded and the cargo doors shut it 's time for takeoff , but one passenger has n't made it . Since this aircraft is an international flight , their bags ca n't go if they are n't on board . The ground crew huddles and looks at their scanners to locate the bag packed away inside a can in the cargo hold . As they open the doors to start to retrieve it they get good news ; the passenger has shown up and the plane can leave . A quick push back from the tug at the front of the aircraft and United Flight 58 is on its way back to Amsterdam . Only a couple minutes later the next plane pulls into the gate and the process starts all over again . CNN 's Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	When a passenger plane lands , a ground crew of as many as 35 people takes the stage "  We like to call it a highly choreographed ballet , " says a United Airlines vice president Turning planes around quickly might be nice for passengers , but it means profits for airlines The ground crews make it happen safely and on time
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- At least three horses -- two yearlings and a mare -- were among the victims of the flood that inundated much of Georgia Monday . Floodwaters hit the ranch of Ed and Nancy Wellham on Monday . At least three horses died there . Jerrie Self said she called her parents , Ed and Nancy Wellham , on Sunday night to warn them to prepare their 13 horses housed in two barns and pastures on their 60-acre ranch in Powder Springs , Georgia , half an hour northwest of Atlanta . "  I told them , ` You might want to start getting your stuff out of the barns ; I think it 's going to get bad , " the 40-year-old construction finance manager told CNN in a telephone interview . "  They had no idea how fast it was gon na come . " On Sunday night , Self 's parents , Ed , 60 , and Nancy , 59 , made sure the horses were in the barns or on high ground and then went to sleep , she said . At 3 a.m. Monday , the storm awakened their son-in-law , who lives in an apartment in one of the barns . After he opened the door and 3 feet of water flooded into the apartment , he called the Wellhams and told them the horses needed to be moved . See photos of flooding in Georgia " The family scrambled , putting two horses into a trailer and hauling it to the house , then leading several show horses onto high ground behind the house , Self said . The other horses remained on two acres of unflooded pasture near Sweetwater Creek , and the family went back to the house , she said . "  They thought they 'd be fine till daylight , " she said . But when they looked out again when it was light , the horses were in neck-deep water trying to swim to safety , Self said . A neighbor said the creek had risen at the rate of 1 foot every 20 minutes . "  We all got here and we swam out the ones that could swim out , " she said . Though they got two horses out that way , "  we thought all five babies and three mares were lost , " she said . That turned out not to be the case . At noon Monday , they found that two of the mares had swum through the woods and made it to high ground . But they found the dead body of one of the mares and two yearlings floating in the water , and three other yearlings are unaccounted for , she said . The Wellhams , who moved to the area in the early 1980s , use their land to grow and sell hay and breed horses . Ed Wellham also owns a car-repair shop . "  My dad has lots of equipment : tractors , hay balers , " Self said . "  Until the water goes down , we do n't know what 's salvageable and what is n't . " She said her parents had tried to buy flood insurance years ago , but were denied , since their land is on a flood plain . Self said her grandmother 's home , which is also on the property , flooded so much that it is a total loss .	Georgia couple put their 13 horses were in barns or on high ground before flooding Couple scrambled to move some horses as barn flooded early Monday By daylight , other horses in neck-deep water ; family helped two swim away Three horses later found dead ; three others unaccounted for
London  CNN  A British mother is standing by her decision to let her son , 11 , wear a "  Fifty Shades of Grey " costume to his school 's World Book Day celebration . "  Fifty Shades of Grey " tells the tale of a naive college graduate 's energetic trysts with a billionaire -- Christian Grey -- who has a penchant for bondage . The Manchester Evening News reported that Liam Scholes arrived at Sale High School in northwest England dressed as Grey , complete with cable ties and an eyemask on Thursday . The school contacted Liam 's mother and told her the costume was inappropriate . Nicola Scholes told the newspaper she and her son had thought the idea was funny . "  We were walking home from school and he had the idea of going as Christian Grey , " she said . "  At first we laughed it off but then we discussed it with a few friends and saw the funny side and decided it was quite a good costume idea . " The school called her to say the costume was not appropriate and that Liam would not take part in the book day event or appear in any photographs , Scholes told the paper . A teacher from the school had dressed as the fictional serial killer Dexter , Scholes said : "  I do n't see why sex is more offensive than murder . " Scholes told BBC News that her son had not read the book or watched the movie spin-off but had been aware of the media around the tale . "  He understood what the cable ties were supposed to represent , as did other children of his age . " Scholes told the BBC the costume was light-hearted : "  It was a laugh , it was tongue in cheek and there was no offense . " On Friday Scholes tweeted an image of Liam with the caption : "  Liam 's offensive book day costume , it was that inappropriate that they told him to change his character and would n't include him on any photos . It also required a phone call home regarding the matter . "  Yet it was appropriate for a teacher to dress up as a serial killer and other students to come in with ` guns . ' I thought Christian Grey was the most talked about book character for the past few years . #nosenseofhumour . " Sale High School issued a statement saying its actions reflected its "  high standards in terms of student behavior , welfare and safeguarding . " "  The student was not excluded from taking part in any of the activities as has been wrongly reported , his costume was modified and he was then able to fully participate and enjoy the day with his peers , " headteacher Lynn Nicholls said . "  The aim of our world book day events was to celebrate and encourage reading and we are disappointed that what was a fantastic day for our students , has been marred by this issue , " the statement concluded .	A UK boy , 11 , dressed as "  Fifty Shades " character Christian Grey for World Book Day Liam Scholes ' school said that the costume was inappropriate and insisted it be modified Scholes ' mother told British media the costume was meant to be light-hearted
CNN  -- The White House is sending three officials to Michael Brown 's funeral Monday , including one who attended high school with his mother . Brown ,18 , was fatally shot on August 9 by officer Darren Wilson while walking down the streets of Ferguson , Missouri . His death sparked days of violent protests in the St. Louis suburb . In the past three days , things have calmed down , and the town is slowly coming back to life . The officials attending the funeral are Broderick Johnson , who leads the White House 's My Brother 's Keeper Task Force . He 'll be joined by Marlon Marshall , a St. Louis native who attended high school with Brown 's mother , and Heather Foster . Both Marshall and Foster are part of the White House Office of Public Engagement . Brown will be eulogized at the Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church in St. Louis . Race tensions Two weeks after the shooting sparked violent protests , the mood turned more tranquil Saturday with smaller crowds and lots of music . Gone were police in riot gear glaring at defiant protesters . The tear gas , rubber bullets and Molotov cocktails were nowhere to be seen , either . In their place were clusters of officers , hanging around businesses , chatting with one another . Race has been at the forefront of the tensions ; Brown was African-American and the officer who shot him is white . St. Louis authorities released details of the racial and gender makeup of the grand jury , which started hearing testimony on Wednesday . It comprises six white men , three white women , two black women and one black man , said Paul Fox , the administrator for the St. Louis County Circuit Court . St. Louis County is 70 % white and 24 % black , according to last year 's estimate by the U.S. Census Bureau . Crucial grand jury Unlike a jury in a criminal case , which convicts someone if jurors are convinced of guilt "  beyond a reasonable doubt , " a grand jury decides whether there is "  probable cause . " They decide whether to charge someone with a crime based on testimony and evidence presented in the absence of a judge . In Missouri , they do n't have to be in unanimous agreement to press such an indictment , as long as nine of the 12 agree on a charge . The federal government is conducting a separate investigation . FBI agents interviewed more than 200 people as part of the U.S. Justice Department 's civil rights investigation , according to law enforcement sources . The federal probe must prove there was an element of "  racial hostility " in the shooting . That 's a higher standard than the one before the St. Louis County grand jury . The 12 members of the grand jury are crucial . They may be the first to reach a decision on whether the case will be defined as a murder charge , a lesser charge or no charge at all .	One of the White House officials attended high school with Brown 's mother Brown was fatally shot August 9 in Ferguson , Missouri He will be eulogized at the Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church in St. Louis
In a sign of the political hangover congressional Republicans are suffering in the wake of the government shutdown , three-quarters of Americans in a new national poll say that most GOP members of Congress do n't deserve to be re-elected . A CNN/ORC International survey released Monday also found a majority saying that the Republicans ' policies are too extreme . And according to the poll , Democrats have an 8-point advantage over the Republicans in an early indicator in the battle for control of Congress . But with more than a year to go until the 2014 midterm elections , there 's plenty of time for these numbers to change . CNN Poll : House Republicans , Boehner take big post-shutdown hit The poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , just after the end of the 16-day partial federal government shutdown that was sparked in part by an effort by House conservatives to dismantle the health care law , which is President Barack Obama 's signature domestic achievement . A majority of those questioned blamed congressional Republicans for the government shutdown and said the President was the bigger winner in the deal to end the crisis . The survey also found nearly eight in 10 saying the shutdown was bad for the country , and the standoff has led to a loss of confidence and satisfaction in government . And more than seven in 10 think that another shutdown is likely . Anger directed at congressional Republicans More than seven in 10 questioned in the survey said that most members of Congress do n't deserve to be re-elected , with nearly four in 10 saying even their own representative does n't deserve a return ticket to Washington next year . Both figures are hovering around all-time highs in CNN polling . "  Although incumbent members of Congress of both parties are not very popular , the shutdown seems to have only affected views of GOP incumbents , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . Defeated GOP hopes to unite , fight another day Three-fourths of people questioned in the survey said that most congressional Republicans do n't deserved to be re-elected , 21 percentage points higher than the 54 % who say most Democrats do n't deserve another term in office . Only one in five say most Republicans deserve to be re-elected ; 42 % say the same thing about Democrats on Capitol Hill . Democrats hold early 2014 polling lead The shutdown seems to be making an impact on polls asking the generic ballot question : Would you vote for the Democratic or Republican candidate in your congressional district . There is no mention of the names of any candidates . Fifty percent of registered voters questioned said they would vote for the Democrat in their district , with 42 % backing the Republican . The 8-point Democratic margin in the CNN poll is the same as in a recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal survey and close to the 9-point advantage for the Democrats in the generic ballot in a recent Quinnipiac University poll . While the generic ballot is a much-watched gauge , it 's important to remember that the battle for the House is a district-by-district fight , rather than a national race , and just 17 of the 232 House Republicans are in districts won by Obama in last year 's election . Obama wants new approach after shutdown "  We 're a long way away from saying that the Democrats have a chance to regain control of the House , " Holland cautioned . "  There is more than a year to go before any votes are actually cast and the ` generic ballot ' question is not necessarily a good predictor of the actual outcome of 435 separate elections . A year before the 2010 midterms , for example , the Democrats held a 6-point lead on the generic ballot . " The Republicans eventually won back control of the House in 2010 , thanks to a historic 63-seat pickup . PDF : Read the entire poll | Satisfied ? GOP too extreme ? One major concern for Republicans is the growing number of Americans who think the party is too extreme . Fifty-six percent now feel that way , up from 48 % in March . By contrast , 52 % say that the policies of the Democrats are generally mainstream  with 42 % saying they are too extreme  , which is unchanged since March . "  Any connection with the tea party movement is n't helping the GOP , " Holland added . "  Six in 10 Americans now believe that the tea party movement is too extreme ; only one in four consider it to be generally mainstream . " The poll indicates that Republicans themselves are divided on whether the 41/2 - year-old grassroots conservative movement is too extreme or generally mainstream . Four things we learned from government shutdown Blame Game Fifty-two percent say congressional Republicans were more responsible for the shutdown , with 34 % pointing more fingers at the President . At 45 % -36 % , independents place more blame with the GOP in Congress . The poll indicates Obama was the clear winner . Sixty-four percent say the President got more of what he wanted out of the deal to end the shutdown , with less than one in five saying the GOP in Congress were the winners . More than seven in 10 Republicans and conservatives agree that Obama got more of what he wanted . Fifty-five percent of the public say the GOP strategy to link dismantling parts of Obamacare to funding the government was a mistake , with 42 % saying it made sense at the time . While vast majority of Democrats say the strategy was a mistake , independents are divided , and most Republicans say the move made sense . The next shutdown ? While the GOP does n't fare well in the poll , the poll suggests that the public is looking for almost as much compromise from the Democrats as from the Republicans in any bipartisan agreements . Forty-nine percent say the Republicans should give up more than the Democrats in any future bipartisan agreement , but nearly as many -- 44 % -- would prefer to see the Dems give up more than the GOP . And seven in 10 say that another shutdown is likely when current funding for the federal government runs out in mid-January . "  That 's probably because Americans have lost confidence in the people who run government , " Holland said . According to the poll , only a third say they have a great deal or some confidence in the people who run government , down 10 points since May . And only 14 % say they are satisfied with the way the nation is being governed . "  That 's an 11-point drop since March and is lower than the 26 % who felt that way in September of 1973 , when the Watergate crisis was in full swing , " Holland added . In another sign of anti-Washington sentiment , six in 10 say the government should not do more to solve the country 's problems . he poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International October 18-20 , with 841 adults nationwide questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points .	CNN poll finds significantly more feel that Republicans should be voted out Poll also finds that half say they would vote for Democrat while only 43 % would go GOP Polling expert cautions that with midterms a year away , there 's time for sentiment to change Six in 10 say they find the tea party too extreme and that brings GOP numbers down
CNN  -- Answers to the quiz are in bold . 1 . What is the 5-digit number in which the first , third and last digits are the same , the first digit is four less than the second , the last is four less than the fourth and the second and fourth are the same ?  Hint : The sum of all the digits is 33 .  59,595 2 . Boris Smetana and Karl Smith were world-class chess champions . In one series of matches , each won every game . How ? They were not playing each other 3 . Nicole was sure she got the right answer when her botany teacher asked her to pick out the plant that was not a tree from the list below . Which one would you choose ? Peach , plum , walnut , linden , banana Banana 4 . Six bricklayers can lay 24 bricks in half an hour . How many bricks can 12 bricklayers lay in two hours ? 192  Each bricklayer lays four bricks in half an hour , or eight bricks in an hour . That is 16 bricks in two hours times 12 bricklayers who can lay 16 bricks each . 5 . What is the number that is one more than one-tenth of one-fifth of one-half of 4,000 ? 41 .  4,000 / 2 = 2,000 , / 5 = 400 , / 10 = 40 , +1 = 41 6 . In a pie-eating contest , Alice was neither first nor last , but she beat Evan . Ben beat Alice . Carol beat Dan who beat Ben . Who was last ? Evan 7 . What letter would logically complete the series below ? A Z B Y C X D W E ? V  There are two series : A to E forward and Z , Y , X , W backward 8 . Jim had a small baseball card collection . All but five were signed , all but five were rookie cards , and all but five were less than 10 years old . What is the minimum number of cards he could have had ? 6 9 . Start with the number of lives a cat reputedly has , multiply by the number of stitches saved by a stitch in time and add 10 . What is the answer ? 91 .  9x9 = 81 +10 10 . What is the 11-letter word that all smart people spell incorrectly ? Incorrectly Scoring : 9-10 : Mensa material ! Try to join 7-8 : Good chance you 'll qualify for Mensa 5-6 : Not bad , you might make Mensa Below 5 : You must have had a bad day .	See the answers to an informal quiz designed by Mensa If you get 9 of the 10 questions right , you may be Mensa material Click here for the questions
CNN  -- The operation that led to the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden took shape after detainees identified a trusted bin Laden courier as someone who may have been living with and protecting the militant leader , senior administration officials said . That courier became a key lead in locating bin Laden , the officials said . The officials provided details on the origins of the operation and the raid that led to bin Laden 's killing :  Four years ago : Officials uncovered the courier 's identity .  Two years ago : Investigators identified areas of Pakistan where the courier and his brother lived .  August : The residence of the courier and his brother was found in Abbottabad , 30 to 35 miles north of Islamabad , Pakistan 's capital .  September : The CIA worked with President Barack Obama "  on a set of assessments that led it to believe that in fact it was possible " bin Laden may be at the compound in Abbottabad .  February : U.S. officials concluded there was a "  sound intelligence basis " for pursuing bin Laden at that location .  March and April . Obama held a series of National Security Council meetings "  to develop courses of action to bring justice to Osama bin Laden . " There were at least five meetings : March 14 , March 29 , April 12 , April 19 and Thursday .  Friday . Obama gave the final order to pursue the operation . How U.S. forces killed Osama bin Laden  Sunday . After months of decision-making and planning , a U.S. military team conducted a small helicopter raid on the compound . The officials did not provide a breakdown of team members , but a senior U.S. defense official said U.S. Navy SEALs were involved in the operation . The senior administration officials provided these details of the raid :  The team was in the compound for 40 minutes . It did not encounter any local authorities during the raid .  Bin Laden resisted the assault force and died in a firefight . Along with bin Laden , three adult males were killed .  Two were believed to be the couriers , and one was a son of bin Laden 's . Trail leading to bin Laden began with his trusted courier  A woman used as a human shield by a male combatant died , and two women were injured .  A helicopter was lost because of mechanical failure .  Intelligence on bin Laden was not shared with Pakistan and other countries .  After the raid , U.S. officials briefed Pakistani and other world leaders .  Bin Laden has been buried at sea and his body was handled in the Islamic tradition . The officials but did not elaborate .	Information from detainees started the chain of events that led to the raid A trusted Osama bin Laden courier was a key to locating bin Laden U.S. officials concluded in February the information on bin Laden was "  sound "
CNN  -- President Obama 's favorite television shows include "  House of Cards " and "  Mad Men . " One can imagine that when his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin wants to kick back and relax , all he will need to do is turn on the nightly news and watch the latest reports from the NATO Summit in Wales . Putin can listen as NATO leaders roll out the latest iteration of their bold responses to his annexation of Crimea and his invasion of Ukraine . Imagine how he 'll be tickled as NATO leaders fall all over themselves trying to find ways to refer to his sending Russian troops into a neighboring country without actually calling it an invasion . Imagine him , no doubt lying shirtless on a polar bear skin that he single-handedly separated from its original owner , laughing as NATO unveils the stockpile of strong adjectives that have been its principle weapons in containing the Kremlin 's aggression . Then , as NATO 's Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen rolls out what they call in the political biz "  the big deliverable " of the summit -- a Readiness Action Plan that will make 4,000 troops available within two days of a Russian incursion into a member state -- one can only hope that Kremlin doctors are standing by , because Putin could injure himself laughing . First of all , NATO members are already supposed to be guaranteed protection by virtue of their very membership . One would imagine that each had in mind something considerably more robust and more rapid than this middling unit the alliance has dreamed up . This is little more than a tepid response gesture , a sign not of strength , but one that shows how the world 's most powerful alliance is now utterly adrift . There will be many speeches suggesting that NATO is re-energized by Putin 's threat . There will be lots of self-congratulations on the effectiveness of economic sanctions levied against the Russians . There will be talk of new mega-sanctions that will really keep them in line . But Putin will sit there watching , perhaps munching on pieces of deep fried Siberian tiger that he killed with his bare hands , as he contemplates that everything he wanted he got , and that all he wants he can get -- at a low , low price . No one even discusses whether Putin can keep Crimea , which he claimed without a shot being fired . Whether he ultimately annexes Eastern Ukraine or simply drives home the message that it has deep ties to Russia and that Moscow will expect to be consulted regarding its fate , he knows he is in the negotiating position of strength . He knows for two reasons . First , he sees that neither the United States nor its European allies have much appetite to stand up to him . Time after time as he tested them -- in Georgia , in Ukraine , in Syria -- they grumbled and then blinked . They are too self-absorbed and caught up in domestic problems . And frankly , they do n't care that much about Georgia or Ukraine or Syria . Also , he has discovered that NATO and the West are designed to confront extreme threats , not the moderate , incremental , creeping gains he has achieved . NATO effectively has two settings when it comes to aggression in Europe 's east : off and global thermonuclear war . He has worked the middle ground and the lack of resolve of his opponents with considerable skill . He also knows the truth . He is merely toying at the periphery of NATO and frankly , rhetoric aside , he is no threat to regions deeper into Europe . Putin is a distraction with which NATO is ill-prepared to deal . It faces much greater threats : The spread of Islamic extremism is destabilizing the world from Africa to Asia . Although NATO is equally ill at ease in confronting that deepening crisis , with extremist foreign fighters passing through or hailing from NATO member states , it faces an even bigger crisis from within : a leadership void . The European Union lacks the will , the culture and the institutional mechanisms to make real unified foreign policy . The United States is in a moment of seeming confusion about its role in the world . The revitalization of the alliance everyone is calling for is a good idea , urgently needed , but there are few signs it is really on the horizon . As a consequence , Putin can watch the NATO show and enjoy it for what it is : a diversion . The rhetoric might get heated . Some might suggest that he , for all his cool calculation and his so far effective gambits , is the mad man in this scenario . But watching the current version of this superannuated , divided , leaderless alliance , he knows that when it comes to standing up to him in Ukraine , NATO is the house of cards .	David Rothkopf : Vladimir Putin will be entertained watching the NATO Summit NATO 's rhetoric has been its only weapon against Russian aggression NATO is not designed to respond to Putin 's style of incremental takeovers NATO , U.S. absorbed with fighting Islamic extremism and solving domestic issues
CNN  -- Paul Schaefer , a former Nazi who fled Germany in 1961 and founded a cult-like commune in Chile , died Saturday in a prison hospital . He was 88 . Schaefer was serving a 20-year sentence at the national penitentiary in Santiago for sexually abusing children at the notorious commune known as Colonia Dignidad  The Dignity Colony  . The commune in southern Chile , also called Villa Baviera , was created as a place to safeguard Germanic traditions . Under Schaefer 's rule , contact with outsiders was largely forbidden . Some of Schaefer 's crimes date to the 1970s and 1980s , during the military dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet , who had visited the commune . Former members of the colony have admitted that human rights violations and sexual abuse of children occurred there , saying in a 2006 letter published in a leading Chilean newspaper that they were led by Schaefer 's influence . Schaefer had been in prison since 2006 when he was extradited to Chile from Argentina , where he had been living in hiding . Schaefer died Saturday morning of cardiopulmonary arrest , the penitentiary said . CNN Chile 's Christian Pino contributed to this report .	Former Nazi officer Paul Schaefer dies in Chile of cardiopulmonary arrest Schaefer died in prison hospital , where he was serving a 20-year sentence Schaefer was convicted of sexually abusing children Colonia Dignidad commune Some of Schaefer 's crimes date to the 1970s and '80s during Pinochet era
Police searching Justin Bieber 's limo found illegal drugs and paraphernalia Tuesday , a police report said . "  Less than an ounce of suspected marijuana and two large glass smoking pipes containing suspected marijuana residue were found inside the vehicle , " the investigation report by a Sandy Springs , Georgia , police officer said . Police said they searched his Cadillac Escalade on Tuesday evening after they found a camera inside that a photographer claimed was taken from him by Bieber 's bodyguard , the report said . Justin Bieber 's security guard and driver arrested "  Due to the small amount , no charges were filed related to the marijuana , " a police statement said . A representative for Bieber declined to comment about the police report or the arrest of Bieber 's bodyguard , Hugo Hesny , on a felony theft charge . The Atlanta incident interrupted a relative calm three weeks in Georgia for the teen pop idol , who tweeted Tuesday that he was "  focused on the music . " He also tweeted "  i love GA. " In contrast , Bieber 's January was a whirlwind of controversy that included a DUI arrest in Miami , an assault charge in Toronto and a felony vandalism probe in Los Angeles . The People v. Justin Bieber : The singer 's court cases Jail video : Bieber off balance ? Video of Bieber undergoing a sobriety test inside a Miami Beach police station on January 23 was released to the media Wednesday . He appeared unsteady at times as he walked along a white stripe on the floor . Bieber failed a series of sobriety tests , including "  horizontal gaze , " "  Romberg balance , " "  walk and turn , " "  finger to nose " and "  one-leg stand " tests , the Miami Beach police report said . The preliminary toxicology report on Bieber 's urine sample said it tested positive for "  metabolite of THC , " which indicates marijuana use , and alprazolam , the generic name for the prescription sedative Xanax . Bieber 's Southern hideout ? The aggressive paparazzi who routinely tail celebrities in Los Angeles have sometimes clashed with Bieber . The singer has been ticketed for speeding , which he blamed on his being chased by photographers . He was investigated but not charged two years ago after a photographer accused him of assault after a confrontation in Calabasas , California , where Bieber owns a mansion . Although a hip-hop recording center , Atlanta lacks the robust hoard of photographers that stakes out all corners of Hollywood . But Jason Winslow , a Miami-based photographer who sells his images through the Splash photo agency , traveled to Atlanta to cover Bieber . Winslow told police he was parked outside the Sandy Springs Funhouse , a north Atlanta "  family fun center , " waiting for Bieber to emerge Tuesday afternoon when Hesny told him to leave . "  He continued to take pictures from further away , " Officer K.D. Sawtell wrote . "  Eventually , that same person chased him down in a Cadillac Escalade as Winslow fled in his Chevy SUV . " Hesny , 32 , admitted to police that he opened Winslow 's car door and took the camera , but he said had no intentions of keeping it , the arresting officer said . He told police "  he just wanted to delete the pictures from the camera . " He tossed the camera in the back of another Bieber SUV and then drove away , he told police . Winslow 's Nikon camera , which he valued at $ 10,000 , was found when police stopped the other Escalade . It was in that vehicle where the drugs were found , the police report said . The driver , who was arrested but later released without charges , told police that he was just a driver and knew not to ask his client questions , the arrest report said . Winslow did not respond to CNN calls for comment on the case . The arrest of his bodyguard does n't seem to have dampened Bieber 's spirits . He posted on his Instagram account a photo of a panda at Zoo Atlanta with the caption "  My bro " early Wednesday . Bieber also noted via Twitter that his 20th birthday is just days away -- Saturday . "  I love sleep , " the singer tweeted Wednesday afternoon .	"  Due to the small amount , no charges were filed , " police say Police search Bieber 's Cadillac Escalade after arresting his bodyguard Just-released video shows police testing Bieber 's sobriety in Miami "  I love sleep , " the singer tweets Wednesday afternoon .
It was with some difficulty that Hamas agreed to extend the ceasefire with Israel for another five days Wednesday . The movement sees a second truce extension as a sign of weakness after 35 days of fighting with Israel . Hamas has used this war to achieve some tactical and strategic objectives and considers itself the winner in the conflict . As such , it believes it can dictate terms . Hamas has seen this war as an opportunity not only to end the blockade of Gaza , but also to end its political isolation and allow itself to present itself as the face of Palestinians -- on and off the battlefield . Hamas ' public image has suffered since it came to rule in Gaza in 2007 . It chose to keep its focus on resistance , rather than governance , leaving that instead to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Seven years on , the blockade by Israel and Egypt had left the group in dire financial straits . Reuters reports Hamas has struggled to pay some 40,000 civil servants and security personnel . The United Nations Office for Humanitarian Affairs said last month "  former de facto government employees , including the security forces , have not been paid salaries regularly since August 2013 and no salaries at all since April 2014 . " Hamas had hoped that an April agreement to form a "  consensus government " with Fatah -- which runs the government in the West Bank -- would resolve the issue . When it did not , Hamas tried to achieve its goals through the conflict with Israel . The already miserable situation in Gaza meant that its fighters had nothing to lose and mass Palestinian casualties , as well damage to property and infrastructure , hardened their resolve . A battle that was launched for humble goals has ended with increased Arab and Palestinian sympathy -- and an expansion of Hamas ' objectives . Indeed , some Palestinians believe that Hamas ' aims are more factional than national . Some members of Fatah have told me that Hamas prevented their military wing -- the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades -- fighting during the conflict with Israel , placing around 60 members under house arrest . Hamas also hoped that its war with Israel would indirectly increase public support for its ally in Egypt , the now-outlawed Muslim Brotherhood . However , Hamas is unlikely to quell Egyptian anger at the Brotherhood -- the movement of ousted President Mohamed Morsy . Cairo may have received a high-level delegation from Hamas for peace talks , but it remains hostile to the movement . Hamas ' insistence in the peace negotiations on having an independent seaport and airport is aimed at avoiding pressure from Egypt , ruled as it now is by a regime that regards Hamas as an enemy . Hamas has also been at loggerheads with countries such as Saudi Arabia , the UAE and Jordan , which -- like Egypt -- are looking unfavorably at political Islam . Meanwhile , the group 's decision to back Syrian rebels against Bashar al-Assad 's regime saw it fighting Israel without the support of Tehran , Hezbollah and Damascus for the first time . The conflict has severely depleted Hamas ' arsenal , and it will now be compelled to return to Iran 's orbit to rebuild . After two cease-fires and 10 days of negotiations in Cairo Hamas still does not seem to have achieved its objectives . There has been no breakthrough with Israel regarding the re-opening of the border crossings , or ending the blockade . And whatever the agreement with Israel , the Palestinian Authority will be tasked to control Rafah and other Gaza ground crossings with Israel . Any money for the reconstruction of Gaza will also be channeled through the PA , with the conflict thus ensuring the authority takes partial control of Gaza . Despite this erosion of power , Hamas has used the conflict to reestablish itself as an important player in the Middle East , after two years that saw the Muslim Brotherhood and its allies pushed to the margins . Gaza cease-fire extension appears to hold Israel and its neighbors : Decades of war Is Mideast peace as far away as ever ?	Hamas and Israel agreed Wednesday to extend a truce for another five days Palestinian negotiators demands ' include a lifting of Israel and Egypt 's blockade on Gaza But Mohammed Najib says Hamas ' objectives also include ending its political isolation He says the group has used the conflict to reposition itself as the face of Palestinians
Washington  CNN  -- Russian military exercises near Ukraine are raising concerns that Moscow may be putting troops in position to move across the border if such orders are issued , a senior U.S. official familiar with the most recent administration assessment told CNN Thursday . But the United States still believes that Russia does n't plan to order its forces into its tumultuous neighbor , the official said on the condition of anonymity . U.S. officials -- who are monitoring the area 24 hours a day -- have not yet seen signs that Russia is preparing to secure supply and transportation routes that would be crucial to any such movement , the official said . Russian military activity levels observed by the United States also "  appear to be within normal range , " the official said . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov offered reassurances Thursday to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry that the exercises were previously planned and were not being carried out because of the upheaval in Ukraine , echoing an earlier conversation between U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin . The Russian Defense Ministry has said the combat readiness evaluation is being carried out in territory overseen by the western and central military commands . That puts some of the exercises near the Ukraine border . "  All in all , about 150 thousand military personnel of different services of the armed forces and military commands are involved in the check , " Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu said in a statement released by the ministry . "  Up to 90 planes , more than 120 helicopters , up to 880 tanks , over 1,200 defense equipment units and about 80 ships will be used . " U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told reporters Thursday in Brussels , Belgium , where he was meeting with NATO defense ministers , that the United States was following the developments in and around the Ukraine . "  Until we really know more details -- what 's really happening there , who is in charge , I think the focus should be ... let 's keep the tensions down . Let 's see no provocative actions by anyone , any military , " he said . One concern is that with Russian troops out of their garrisons near Ukraine , they could be in a position to move swiftly across the border -- leaving little time for U.S. officials to try to mount diplomatic efforts to stop them , the official said . But , for now , U.S. officials believe Putin is using the hastily ordered exercises only as a message to U.S. and Ukrainian officials that he has the ability to move his military into Ukraine to protect Russian interests if he chooses to , the official said . Russia has significant interests in Ukraine . Not only does it neighbor Ukraine , the two countries are major trading partners . Many ethnic Russians live in Ukraine 's east , and Russia has a major military base at Sevastopol , Ukraine . Russian officials have complained that opposition figures who have taken control of Ukraine 's government are threatening pro-Russian Ukrainians . The United States is reviewing Russian tactics in its 2008 move into Georgia for clues about how Moscow might act in this instance . In that incident , Russian forces fought troops from Georgia in a brief conflict that followed Russian promises to defend Russian citizens in the restive Georgian province of South Ossetia . U.S. officials worry about a repeat of that incident , in which both sides perceived provocative actions and Russia finally moved in on a large scale . Any military intervention by Russia would be a "  grave mistake , " Kerry warned Wednesday . "  For a country that has spoken out so frequently in the last year ... against foreign intervention in Libya , Syria , elsewhere , it would be important for them to heed those warnings as they think about options in the sovereign nation of Ukraine , " he said . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report from Kiev .	NEW : About 150,000 personnel are participating in the exercises , Russia says U.S. has not yet seen signs Russian forces are prepping for a move into Ukraine But a senior administration official says military exercises are raising concerns "  Let 's see no provocative actions by anyone , " U.S. defense secretary says
The largest study of mental-health risk ever conducted among the U.S. military has found that many soldiers suffer from some form of mental illness , and rates of many of these disorders are much higher in soldiers than in civilians . The study 's findings , related to suicide attempts and deaths , were released in a series of three reports published in this week 's edition of JAMA Psychiatry . Authors found significant differences in the rates of disorders like major depression , intermittent explosive disorder and post-traumatic stress , said Harvard epidemiologist Ronald Kessler , the lead author on one of the studies . Almost 25 % of nearly 5,500 active-duty , non-deployed Army soldiers surveyed tested positive for a mental disorder of some kind , and 11 % within that subgroup also tested positive for more than one illness . Some of those conditions are related to the hard experience of a wartime Army , but Kessler said nearly half of the soldiers who were diagnosed with a mental disorder had it when they enlisted . "  Obviously , the kind of person who joins the Army is not the random person in America . You 're patriotic and adventurous and maybe a little more aggressive , " he said . But the rates of conditions like attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder and intermittent explosive disorder in the study matched a pattern researchers also found in the newest recruits . "  We 've gone back to some new soldiers the very first day they 're in the Army , " said Kessler , the McNeil Family professor of health care policy at Harvard Medical School . "  They get their hair cut , they get their blood tested and they sit down and talk to us -- and they have the same high rates . " At the Pentagon , Lt. Col. Cathy Wilkinson said the Defense Department is reviewing the results and would work to include them into the military 's mental health procedures . "  Our most valuable resource within the department is our people , " Wilkinson said in a statement issued to CNN . "  We are committed to taking care of them , and that includes doing everything possible to prevent suicides in the military . " The rate of major depression is five times as high among soldiers as civilians ; intermittent explosive disorder , which results in episodes of extreme anger , is six times as high ; and post-traumatic stress disorder was nearly 15 times higher than among civilians , the study found . Much of the data used in the reports was taken from the Army 's STARRS  Study to Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers  survey of almost 5,500 soldiers . The project was collaboration between the U.S. Army and the U.S. National Institute of Mental Health . The survey looked at disorders that included clinical depression , bipolar disorder , panic disorder and PTSD . Authors also noted that alcohol and drug use were common . When it came to suicidal thoughts , one study found about 14 % of soldiers had thought about taking their lives , while 5.3 % had planned a suicide and 2.4 % had actually made one or more attempts . Most suicides occurred back home , not in Afghanistan or Iraq , and the rate has increased among troops who have never been deployed overseas , Kessler said . Despite concerns about the effects of multiple combat tours and shorter stints at home during more than a decade of war , Kessler said veterans appear to fare better than younger soldiers . Those who suffer from mental health problems are "  substantially less likely " to re-enlist , while troops on their second or third hitch are more likely to enjoy Army life . "  If you can get them through the first tour , if they deploy , they come back and they decide they want to sign up again , those are the people who have lower rates , " he said . The problems are largely among "  the young guys who are in their first tour , who do n't know what they 're getting into . " But overall , the three papers painted a disturbing picture of the military and mental illnesses . Although the causes for the rise in Army suicides still remain unknown the authors hoped their data might be useful to the military to help develop outreach programs for new soldiers as well as those who are already in the service . "  These studies provide knowledge on suicide risk and potentially protective factors in a military population that can also help us better understand how to prevent suicide in the public at large , " said National Institute of Mental Health Director Dr. Thomas R. Insel . Kessler said the Army "  does a very good job " of making mental health services available to its soldiers and encourages them to step forward when they have a problem . But he said the study shows how many people are coming into the service "  with emotional problems that need to be addressed in the United States . " "  We 've got to figure out some ways to get people early in the process , as part of the process , saying , ` Look , you 're making yourself the most complete soldier , the most effective person . You 've got to prepare yourself mentally , as well , and be willing to admit that everybody has problems , ' " he said . At last , suicides among military family members could be tracked Why suicide rate among veterans may be more than 22 a day Websites become tool for helping veterans	Nearly half of soldiers had some mental condition when they enlisted , author says One study finds that about 14 % of soldiers had thought about taking their lives Causes for the rise in Army suicides remain unknown But study authors hope their data might be useful to help develop outreach programs
CNN  -- A Wisconsin judge on Thursday dismissed one of three lawsuits challenging the state 's controversial collective bargaining law . Circuit Judge Maryann Sumi dismissed the suit filed by Dane County and two officials , County Executive Kathleen Falk and County Board Chair Scott McDonell , saying the county lacks legal standing to assert constitutional claims against the state . "  Under longstanding Wisconsin law , an agency or arm of government lacks authority to challenge the constitutionality of state statutes , " Sumi wrote . However , she indicated that Falk and McDonell may continue the suit as individuals and taxpayers . "  The judge 's decision today states only the district attorney or the attorney general can sue the state to enforce the open meetings law , " Falk said in a prepared statement . "  It 's for this reason that I was among the first of several officials to file formal complaints with the district attorney and attorney general the very day after legislative Republicans broke open meetings laws . I applaud  Dane County  District Attorney  Ismael  Ozanne for taking up this issue . " Sumi in late March stopped the law from taking effect so she could hear one of the other two suits -- filed by Democrats who said they were not given enough time to vote on the law they were fighting . Thelaw would curb the collective bargaining rights of most state employees . The Democrats ' suit , filed by Ozanne , alleges that Republican legislators violated the state 's open meetings law by calling a committee meeting to amend GOP Gov. Scott Walker 's budget bill without providing the public with the necessary 24-hour advance notice . State Democrats said they were given only two hours notice for a vote . The amended bill , which had been stalled for weeks by 14 Democratic state senators who left Wisconsin to prevent a quorum -- and thus a vote on the measure -- then sailed through an easy full state Senate vote on March 9 . The state House of Representatives then passed the bill , and Walker signed it into law on March 11 . The public brouhaha over Walker 's $ 137 million budget repair bill all but shut down the Wisconsin Legislature for weeks . It also drew protesters by the tens of thousands , among them union supporters and public employees , who called the proposed measure an attack on workers . "  While the judge ruled the county is n't the proper jurisdiction to file this suit , her ruling does n't affect her outstanding restraining order in the district attorney 's case that blocks implementation of the legislation that eliminates the rights of public workers , " Falk 's statement said . "  Her decision also does n't dismiss the questions of open meetings and quorum violations . ... it just says Dane County is n't the proper entity to sue the state over those violations , " Falk said .	Judge Maryann Sumi said Dane County lacks standing to sue She has put the law on hold and will hear another suit The law curbs the collective bargaining rights of most state employees
CNN  -- If you love "  Casablanca , " here 's your chance to play it again , and again , and again . One of the two pianos featured in the 1942 classic film starring Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman will be auctioned tomorrow in New York by Sotheby 's . While Rick  Bogart  and Ilsa  Bergman  will always have Paris , you could walk away with Sam 's iconic upright , especially if money is no object . "  The estimated price for the piano is $ 800,000 to $ 1.2 million , " said David Redden , Vice Chairman at Sotheby 's . "  But I do n't want to speculate and scare people from bidding . " Redden is no stranger to this famous Hollywood prop . He first auctioned it off back in 1988 . "  It was sold to a Japanese man and now it 's come back to us , " Redden told CNN . "  He paid $ 154,000 for it . " Any fan of the romantic film knows the piano played a central part in the flashback sequence at La Belle Aurore , where Rick and Ilsa listen to Sam sing "  As Time Goes By . " Dooley Wilson , the actor who portrayed Sam , was a trumpeter , not a pianist , according to Redden . "  He is sort of miming the fingering . But someone else is playing nearby and he was following the real player , " Redden said . The piano , which only has 58 keys , also stands out for its diminutive size and distinct hue . "  Seeing the piano in real life you end up with a couple of things , " said Redden . "  It 's quite colorful , green and distressed yellow . And you do n't realize how small it is , so small in fact Bogart and Bergman sort of tower over it . " "  It 's called a studio piano and would have been wheeled around from person to person as the pianist played a favorite song . It can travel around quite easily . " The piano had no significant value in the golden age of moviemaking , Redden added . "  It would be re-used again and again , " he said . The market for Hollywood memorabilia has exploded in recent years . The white "  subway " dress Marilyn Monroe wore in 1955 's "  The Seven Year Itch " sold for a record $ 5.6 million in 2011 . The blue gingham dress Judy Garland wore as Dorothy in "  The Wizard of Oz " was auctioned last month for $ 480,000 . Could the Casablanca piano fetch more than Dorothy 's dress ? Redden believes it will . "  The piano is a star of the film , " he said , "  the music is so emotive , so moving and the piano really becomes a symbol of the love story between Bogart and Bergman . "	One of the two pianos in "  Casablanca " will be auctioned at Sotheby 's Friday The prop was a central part in the flashback sequence at La Belle Aurore The estimated price for the piano is $ 800,000 to $ 1.2 million
CNN  -- Dear baby boomer parents , It 's time to talk . After people my age were done growing our hair long , wearing our bell bottoms and protesting the Vietnam War , we got jobs , mortgages , high cholesterol and bunions . Many of us also educated children -- often at colleges that would never have admitted us -- and groomed our kids to expect and accept only the best , never dreaming that they 'd graduate into an economy that would crush even some of the brightest . Plenty of our children have gotten the short straw . Some 53 % of people younger than 25 are unemployed or underemployed . Many have been crippled by indecision , picking a direction , reversing it , spinning the dial again , and flying two stars to the right , straight on till morning before they return to live with us again . There is more , however , to their generational wandering and inertia than pure economics . Boomers ' fury at the very idea that we have to age sends a subliminal message that there will always be time for our kids to get another degree or to surf another couch , to break up with one more partner or employer , and to wait around to reproduce , while ignoring the reality that opportunities will evaporate . Opinion : Facebook parenting is destroying our children 's privacy If parents are n't old -- and who among us does n't feel 35 ? -- then for adultescents , the years must be standing still . If we 're not old , with our titanium joints and botox , how can we expect our kids to grow up ? If we 're not old , our offspring , whose complete childhoods we archive in our hearts with four-color illustrations and footnotes , must remain big babies . Boomers have established the 2.0 model for self-involvement , enhanced by boasting about our most prized assets , our kids , whose attention we crave , and who all too often exist on a broad plain of entitlement that we 've hired gardeners to maintain if we 're not hoeing and mowing ourselves . In this devil of a job market , many young adults now exist in a cloud of overconfidence with an illusion of endless time . Parenthood requires constant renegotiation , which is where boomers often bomb . We remain overinvolved in adultescents ' lives , another twist on not wanting to get old . It 's painful for us to recognize that biology 's imperative is for youngsters to manage without parents , and that many life lessons must be learned alone . We ca n't teach kids how to learn to meet deadlines , get along with people and deal with rejection . These are solo projects . Opinion : Kid , you are not special On the motherhood spectrum , I 've always felt laid-back . After my two sons got college diplomas , each one moved to the opposite coast . Roots and wings , I thought . That 's the ticket . But as a son became engaged to marry , I felt an unfamiliar panic . I realized it came from wondering if I 'd done enough to prep my child for the rest of life . Did he have a full tool kit to evolve into the world 's most caring , contended man ? Had I done my job to see that he was ? CNN Profiles : Michael Thompson on raising independent children Tough nuts if he was n't , because the statute of limitations on micromanaging that process was running out . Was I ready to let go ? No . But I 'm trying . I worry deeply about peers who wo n't cop to this new job description , although I recognize that it 's harder for parents to let go if adultescents lead lives that appear much the same as 10 years ago , possibly even sleeping in their old bed . Nonetheless , it 's up to us to allow adult children to determine their fates . Opinion : Non , the French are not better moms Once kids graduate from college , it 's time to collectively peel off the bumper stickers and remind ourselves the ultimate goal as parents is to stop trying to vaccinate our children against every conceivable catastrophe . The best and most lasting gift we can offer our children is the chance to develop independence so that one day they can teach their own kids to do the same . This means boomers acting like tough coaches , not fairy godparents with an indefatigable ability to solve problems and limitless credit cards : 59 % of people 18 to 39 who are not students receive some financial aid from parents . Mothers and fathers should start early , or at least earlier , to give kids a crash course in the DIY drudgery -- from tax prep to turkey trussing -- that does n't make it onto school applications and resumes . These are the tasks our country undervalues . And when young adults return to live at home , we need to establish rules as well as time frames for how long stays will last , along with encouraging kids to expand job searches and perhaps take any position until dream jobs come along . Parents need to step back for adult children to step forward . With the time we gain by not being a concierge to kids ' lives , we can address the brain drain and social tragedy resulting from countless well-educated young adults lingering jobless , especially those who graduated in the dog years of 2007 and 2008 . These adultescents are n't damaged goods . They just look that way to employers , who when they do have a job to fill , prefer a more freshly graduated model . Forcing ourselves to back off is no harder than what we expect of our children , whose journeys , I hope , lead them on a path to lasting fulfillment and calling home , often , so that both generations can say "  I love you . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Koslow .	Sally Koslow : Boomers resist aging ; message to kids : you 've got plenty of time to grow up She says lots of kids face a terrible job market ; parents ca n't blunt that , should let kids deal She says you do your kid no favor by playing concierge in his life , allowing delay of adulthood Koslow : Parents need to step back for their adultescent kids to step forward
Washington  CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration on Friday said it was studying a federal judge 's order that it consider withdrawing two popular antibiotics from use in livestock . In a ruling issued Thursday , U.S. Magistrate Judge Theodore Katz said that the FDA must issue notices to drug manufacturers that the drugs will be withdrawn unless the companies can prove they 're safe . Katz did n't issue a full ban -- suggesting the manufacturers should be given a hearing to make their case . The suit was originally brought by the Natural Resources Defense Council , which argued that the FDA has allowed livestock producers to use popular antibiotics penicillin and tetracycline in feed for more than 30 years for purposes other than treatment of illnesses . The NRDC claims "  the indiscriminate use of antibiotics in animal feed can lead to the growth and spread of drug-resistant bacteria capable of infecting people . " Antibiotic resistant bacteria are fast-moving , can be deadly , and can infect otherwise healthy individuals . In its statement , the FDA said , "  We are studying the opinion and considering appropriate next steps . " Thursday 's ruling can be traced back to decisions the FDA made more than 30 years ago . In 1977 , the FDA announced plans to withdraw approval of some antibiotics used in livestock feed . The drugs have been used by livestock producers to help promote growth and feed efficiency . At the time , the FDA found the practice of using antibiotics for non-medical reasons unsafe . Drug manufacturers requested hearings , but the FDA never scheduled meetings and nothing else was done . The approval remained in place . In subsequent years , new medical evidence suggested that treating livestock with antibiotics increased risks to human health . But according to the judge 's ruling , the FDA never changed its position . In May , two petitions circulated urging the FDA to finish what it started in 1977 . When the FDA did n't respond , the NRDC filed suit . In December , the FDA withdrew the original 1977 notices saying they were outdated . The suit alleged that the FDA 's failure to withdraw approval of penicillin and tetracycline after the 1977 research was unlawful and violated the administrative procedure act . According to the NRDC , 80 % of antibiotics used in the United States is used in livestock . The group also says 29.8 million pounds of antibiotics were used in livestock in 2009 , up dramatically from the previous decade . Meanwhile , the ruling is n't sitting well with beef producers . The National Cattlemen 's Beef Association noted its dissent in a statement saying its members were "  disappointed with the decision , " and that practices include the "  judicious use of antibiotics to prevent , control and treat any cattle health issues . " If drug manufacturers fail to show that using the antibiotics in livestock is safe , the FDA commissioner must issue a withdrawal order . But the judge noted that if the drugs are deemed safe , the FDA can not withdraw them from use .	The FDA says it will study the order Beef producers are disappointed , say use of antibiotics is "  judicious " Treating livestock with antibiotics may pose risks to human health
CNN  -- At least three people have been killed and 300 others injured in riots that erupted across Algeria amid rising food prices and a housing crisis , according to state-run media . The protests began last week over spiraling costs of basic food items , including milk , oil and sugar . Some staples are subsidized by the government . To curb the escalating prices of sugar and oil , the government slashed duties for sugar and oil by 41 % , Algerie Press Service reported Sunday . The suspension and exemption from customs duties and taxes until August 31 , according to APS . Meanwhile , the government reports a third person has died from the rioting : "  I can confirm the deaths of three young people in M'sila , Tipasa and Boumerdes , " Interior Minister Daho Ould Kablia told the television channel Canal Algerie , according to APS . "  In the first two provinces , the dead corpses were found during the riots . Investigations are underway to determine the causes . " The third person was found burned in a hotel set on fire by the rioters , he added . Similar protests , some violent , have erupted in neighboring Tunisia , where at least four people have died . Human rights groups have said the Tunisian government has cracked down on demonstrators with force . Reporters Without Borders condemned the arrests and disappearances of bloggers and online activists across a number of Tunisian cities . The worldwide press freedom organization said police arrested the bloggers to question them about hacking into government websites . One of those arrested was Hamadi Kaloutcha , who who has not been heard from since his arrest at 6 a.m. Friday , the group said . U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley has said Washington was monitoring the situation in both countries . The Tunisian ambassador was summoned to the State Department . He said the United States was also concerned about the reports of cyber intrusion and was urging everyone -- from the government to activists -- to respect freedom of expression . Crowley said it was "  difficult " to say whether the protests in Tunisia were related to those in Algeria . "  We 're not going to say that there 's kind of an overlapping dynamic across the two countries , " he said . "  But we continue to review this and both engage the government in Algeria and as well as look after the safety of our own citizens . " Adding fuel to the protesters ' anger are the high rates of unemployment and housing issues , socio-economic problems that have been festering for some time in Algeria . The government has blamed the rising prices and other issues on the global economic crisis .	State-run media : The Algerian government reduces duties on sugar and oil Interior minister : A person is found in a hotel set on fire by rioters Protests erupted last week amid rising food prices Similar protests have taken place in neighboring Tunisia
CNN  -- Meat grinders grinding people . Bathroom mirrors that bleed . And body parts -- everywhere . Sending you screaming will be the mission of the Goretorium when it opens this week in Las Vegas . Marketed as the only year-round horror attraction in Vegas -- the first of its kind -- the hotel-themed haunt is the work of Eli Roth , the actor-writer-director who has built a career on low-budget , blood-drenched horror films such as "  Hostel " and its sequel . Roth will be making a special appearance on opening night , performing an illusion that 's actually pretty dangerous , CEO Robert Frey said . Roth 's surprise will be only the first of the evening . Get your kicks on Route 66 The pitch is archetypal : the Goretorium is actually "  the Delmont , " a '60s - era hotel whose owners make sure the guests enter -- and never leave . There 's a haunted elevator , a go-go lounge and a chapel , which will be open for real-world weddings . A stew of horror tropes mixed with an eye for decade-crossing design , the Delmont has been planned down to its last detail , Frey said , including the costumes , sound design and even the slot machines featured in the lobby 's casino . The scares themselves are just as carefully planned . At any one time , there will be 35 to 40 actors at work , many of whom have previous experience in "  haunt environments " such as haunted houses . The floor plan is interactive and free-form , so attendees can choose their own path , whether that means a trip to the laundry room full of squeaky-clean human skin or a peek at the bathrooms , where the mirrors drip blood . But even though the Goretorium has been built with a flurry of high-tech tricks , the scariest moments are n't necessarily the most advanced , Frey said . Sometimes it 's the low-tech stuff that guests should watch out for . One thing the Goretorium is n't afraid of is going stale . There are plans to add new scares often , Frey said . Tickets are $ 35 if purchased online . There will be new things to run away from as early as Thanksgiving and Christmas ; it should take repeat customers six or seven trips to see everything , and that 's the point . "  We 'll get you when you least expect it , " Frey said . TIME : Finally , booze comes to Disney	The Goretorium is being marketed as the first year-round horror attraction in Vegas It is the brainchild of filmmaker Eli Roth , famous for "  Hostel " The Goretorium is designed as a '60s hotel , complete with guest-driven interactivity and chapel
CNN  -- A vial purportedly containing dried blood from former President Ronald Reagan after a 1981 assassination attempt will not be auctioned online , but donated to Reagan 's presidential foundation , officials said Thursday . The online sale by PFC Auctions , based on the island of Guernsey , a British dependency , drew national headlines -- and a threat of legal action from the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation . The foundation 's executive director , John Heubusch , called it "  a craven act . " "  We are very pleased with this outcome and wish to thank the consignor and PFC auctions for their assistance in this matter , " Heubusch said in a statement Thursday . And the seller , who wishes to remain anonymous , said in a statement released by the auction house they "  would personally be delighted to see this important artifact put on public display by the foundation . " Bidding for the vial had topped $ 30,000 as of Thursday , PFC Auctions said . On March 30 , 1981 , John Hinckley fired six shots at Reagan as the president left the Washington Hilton after delivering a speech . Reagan was rushed to George Washington University Hospital for emergency surgery . "  Dried blood residue from President Reagan ... can be seen clearly in the vial with a quarter-inch ring of blood residue at the end of the inserted rubber stopper , " the listing says . In a letter of provenance included in the sale , the writer said it had been in their family 's possession since the day of the assassination attempt , according to the auction listing . "  Back in the '70s and '80s , my mother worked for Bio Science Laboratories in Columbia , Maryland , " the letter says . The lab was contracted with George Washington University Hospital to handle blood testing , and did Reagan 's blood work and testing . "  The test tube and the lab slip that I have are for his blood work to be tested for lead on 03/30/1981 , " according to the letter . "  The testing was completed and the test tube was sitting on my mother 's desk . " The letter writer said their mother asked the lab director if she could keep the paperwork and test tube , and was allowed to do so . The person said their mother and father have both since died . But "  what has not been widely reported is that the auction consignor purchased the item at a public auction in the USA in February 2012 for $ 3,550 , " PFC Auctions said Thursday . The seller said the letter of provenance was included when they bought the item . "  I am a serious collector of presidential memorabilia , and have donated to museums before , and thought from the provenance supplied at the auction where I purchased that the Reagan Foundation had no interest in the item , " the person -- who PFC Auctions said wishes to remain anonymous -- said in the statement . The letter of provenance , according to the auction listing , said the writer had contacted the Reagan National Library and spoke to its director , asking if the library would like to purchase the vial . The director said the library would accept the vial as a donation , the seller said , but the director also wanted to check with legal counsel , the National Archives and the FBI , among others . "  He called back in 25 minutes and said that everything was OK , " the letter said . "  The National Archives was not interested in what I had , nor was the Secret Service , the FBI and other agencies . Since 30 years had passed by , he thought that it was simply something that was of no importance at this time and that I was free to do ... whatever I wanted with it . " The writer said he did not want to return the vial to Reagan 's family , "  since I had served under Pres. Reagan when he was my Commander in Chief when I was in the Army from ' 87 - '91 and that I was a real fan of Reaganomics and felt that Pres. Reagan himself would rather see me sell it rather than donating it . " The publicity generated by the sale on PFC Auctions "  has clearly highlighted the importance of this historical artifact and I would personally be delighted to see this important artifact put on public display by the foundation , " the recent seller said . PFC Auctions noted the donation was "  a considerable financial gesture from the consignor . " The presidential foundation , in a Tuesday statement , had said it would "  use every legal means " to stop the sale or purchase of the vial . "  While we contend that the removal of the vial from the hospital laboratory and the U.S. auction sale in February were not legal acts in our opinion , we are grateful to the current custodian of the vial for this generous donation to the foundation ensuring President Reagan 's blood remains out of public hands , " Heubusch , the foundation 's executive director , said Thursday .	NEW : The seller says the vial was purchased at a U.S. auction in February The vial will be donated to Reagan 's presidential foundation Bidding for the vial had topped $ 30,000 as of Thursday , PFC Auctions said
CNN  -- As the terrorist group the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  continues to capture and control more territory in Iraq and Syria , it is important to realize what is at stake in the region and for the American people . The challenge that ISIS poses is not just to Iraq 's stability but also to U.S. security . ISIS is a terrorist group with their own army and bank account that has a clear and growing ability to conduct terrorist attacks against the Iraqi government , Americans and U.S. interests , and even the U.S. homeland . ISIS , although loosely affiliated with al Qaeda , is in many respects even more extreme in its methods and its brutality than the terrorists who plotted and carried out 9/11 . Although until now ISIS has focused its military goals on Syria and Iraq , its ranks include thousands of jihadists who have streamed into Syria and now into Iraq from around the globe as well as known terrorists who have been released or freed from Iraqi prisons . ISIS 's goal is to secure its hold over large swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq , to establish an Islamic state or "  caliphate " that stretches across the heart of the Middle East . As we have learned in the past , terrorists seek safe havens from which to operate , often in failed or failing states . They use this territory to train and equip themselves , raise funds and plot attacks . In addition to the threat to the U.S. homeland , we also need to be concerned that if Iraq begins to fragment , the resulting chaos and instability will ripple throughout the region . ISIS has sown incredible instability in Syria and is now seeking to do the same in Iraq . If we allow ISIS to spread further , their next targets will be U.S. allies and partners already under sufficient strain from the ongoing conflict in Syria , such as Jordan and even Saudi Arabia . We have an imperfect partner in Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who has shown himself unable to govern inclusively . We need to make clear to Baghdad that significant U.S. assistance will not be possible unless a national unity government is formed that does not include al-Maliki . Iran has already entered the fight on behalf of the al-Maliki government in Baghdad . But if we delegate this problem to Iran , we are likely to see the creation of a Shiite rump state that would effectively become an Iranian proxy and extend Iran 's reach and influence from the Gulf of Oman to the Mediterranean Sea . So , what should we do ? First and foremost , we need to move now to degrade ISIS 's capabilities . The President 's decision to send 300 advisers to Iraq is a good first step , but their ability to deter ISIS will be limited unless we eventually engage in airstrikes to target their leaders as well as the supply lines that they use to transfer weapons and fighters between Syria and Iraq . We know where these supply lines are , we should not hesitate to halt the ISIS resupply to their strongholds in Anbar , Ninawa and Salah ad-Din . Second , we also need to understand that our lack of an effective Syria strategy has allowed ISIS to take hold and flourish in the region . ISIS has been able to develop its capabilities , increase its ranks , and obtain combat experience for its fighters over the last 18 months in northern Syria . We need to begin to tackle the root causes of the problem in Syria by overtly arming the moderate Syrian rebels that are fighting ISIS in that country even as we simultaneously tackle the challenge they currently pose to Iraq . The U.S. and allies should consider additional counter terrorism measures in Syria , perhaps working with regional partners . This is all a response to the same problem , and must be part of a unified strategy . The President 's long overdue announcement on Thursday of an overt plan to train and equip moderates in the opposition is a welcome development , but we need to do much more to finally deal with the threat that the Syrian conflict poses to regional stability and ultimately , to U.S. security . Third , as ISIS has gained ground in Iraq , its wealth and ability to make money have increased . We need to stop their ability to sell the Syrian and Iraqi oil they attempt to market to the outside world . We also need a new diplomatic strategy to counter ISIS funding and support . Unfortunately , some of our partners in the Gulf have contributed to this problem . Others in the region have turned a blind eye to foreign fighters flocking to the fight . This needs to end . Finally , our partners in the region need our support . Jordan deserves special attention and assistance . Jordan is already dealing with an influx of hundreds of thousands of refugees from the conflict in Syria . Jordan is a close partner of the United States and a likely target of ISIS 's attention . In recent days , the group captured the border crossing between Iraq and Jordan . The United States should find ways to make clear that the United States will defend Jordan 's security , including militarily if necessary . Some will argue that the challenges faced by Iraq or countries such as Jordan are none of our business . That we have spent too many years , lives , and dollars trying to make Iraq and the broader Middle East a better place . None of the options before us are ideal , but the question is whether we take action against ISIS now or deal with the consequences later here on U.S. soil . The stakes are too high for us to continue to ignore this problem . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Sen. Marco Rubio is worried about the growing threat of ISIS in Iraq ISIS poses a real threat not just to Iraq 's stability but also to U.S. security , he argues He is calling for U.S. airstrikes to target their leaders Rubio : An Iraq unity government must be formed without Nuri al-Maliki
CNN  -- Ai Weiwei 's official probation period may have ended , but the internationally-renowned artist and political dissident is pessimistic about his pending tax evasion case and the rule of law in China . "  I feel very sad , very miserable , actually , " he said in an interview Friday with CNN at his studio in Beijing . Despite the relative freedom of having his travel ban reduced to leaving the country instead of the Chinese capital , Ai was not ready to celebrate . "  You always feel vulnerable and you are not protected by law , " he said , adding that he has "  no illusion ... any sort of change could be made . " Ai , 54 , was denied access on Wednesday to the first court hearing in his tax evasion case , which he contends is baseless and politically-motivated . He said more than forty police cars and hundreds of officers surrounded his home . "  You just can not go , if you try , you can not make it , " he claimed the police told him . Public buses were also prevented from stopping in the area of the court , " he added . "  They use the tax case to crush me but they do n't want me to show up because ... all facts can be revealed . " Ai likened the court proceedings to a "  very bad play " and said he was feeling "  very discouraged " and "  powerless . " "  The outcome is very clear . The court works for the police ; the tax bureau also works for the police ; the police is becoming a superpower in China ... And they decide everything because we have a policy : it 's called ` maintain stability ' ... But what is stability ? Is it stability of the nation ? Or of the people ? Or stability of the controller ? " The outspoken artist , blogger , documentary filmmaker , and architect was on his way to Hong Kong in April 2011 when he was taken into custody at Beijing 's international airport and detained for 81 days amid a government crackdown on political activists . Ai 's studio in Beijing was raided , and his wife and several employees were taken into custody for questioning . The government campaign was attributed to fears of a potential Arab-Spring-style uprising , following online calls for a "  Jasmine Revolution . " Seven weeks after Ai was taken into custody , state news agency Xinhua reported that Beijing police said his company , Beijing Fake Cultural Development Ltd. , evaded a "  huge amount of taxes " and "  intentionally destroyed accounting documents . " He was released on probation the following June and subjected to severe restrictions on his movements . Ai was forbidden to speak to the media or post on his Twitter account about his detainment . His phone was tapped , his e-mails were checked , and he had to report his appointments with other people to the police . "  I 'm always followed by two or three cars and have police around , " he said . "  Even -LSB- when I 'm -RSB- walking in the park , you see them taking photos behind the bushes and trying to videotape everything . " Ai said although he initially minimized his communications , he continued to post on his Twitter account . "  I ask myself if I can really stop , " he said . "  I 'm an artist . I have to have a real touch with reality ... I have to express myself . I have to communicate . So what I did is really minimal ... demanding for human rights and for freedom of expression . " In November , the authorities demanded he pay RMB 15 million  US$ 2.4 million  in back taxes and fines within two weeks . Tens of thousands of supporters donated more than US$ 1 million to help him pay the bill , some even throwing RMB100 notes folded into paper airplanes over the gate of his house . Ai used the donations to post a payment guarantee of the invoice in order to file an appeal against the charges . Despite the lingering uncertainty over how the case will go , Ai said , "  I do n't think I can stay quiet . But also I do n't know how long I am allowed to have some voice . " CNN 's Eunice Yoon contributed to this report .	Although Ai Weiwei 's probation period has ended , the Chinese dissident remains pessimistic Ai 's travel ban has been reduced to leaving the country instead of the Chinese capital Ai was denied access to the first court hearing in his tax evasion case
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- Billing Casey Anthony more than $ 516,000 for expenses incurred in trying -- and failing -- to prove the Orlando woman guilty of murder in the death of her daughter is little more than sour grapes , one of her attorneys argued in a hearing Friday . Prosecutors say they have a right to demand repayment from Anthony because she was convicted on four counts of lying to investigators in the disappearance of her daughter Caylee in 2008 . But defense attorney J. Cheney Mason said the bill is unfair after his client 's acquittal on the most serious charge of murder . "  What about the justice for the defense that won ? " Mason asked Orange County Judge Belvin Perry Jr. "  We 're now going to get whacked again ... pay for everything they did , their trips , their meals , their books , and their experts , none of which , none of which , had anything to do with the crimes of conviction , " Mason said . Prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick told Perry he should approve their request . "  The argument of the defense completely misses the point of my position as it relates to the costs of prosecution specifically , " she said . "  And that is that , but for Ms. Anthony 's lying to law enforcement at the inception of this investigation , there would be no costs of investigation . " Perry did not rule on the request following Friday 's lengthy hearing , which Anthony did not attend . He will research legal briefs due next week and research the law before issuing a ruling . The Florida Department of Corrections said in a statement Friday that Anthony checked in with her probation officer -- on Thursday -- as ordered under the terms of her sentence following her 2010 conviction on check fraud charges . Anthony told her probation officer that she is unemployed , has not earned any income over the past 30 days and has not enrolled in any educational or vocational classes . "  No violations have been noted " of Anthony 's probation , which include prohibitions against illicit drug use and excessive drinking , the department said . The meeting took place out of the public eye , as Anthony has remained in seclusion since her release from prison in July following her acquittal on murder charges in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter . In fact , corrections officials have not disclosed her whereabouts , citing concerns for her safety . Caylee Anthony 's skeletal remains were found in December 2008 in woods less than a mile from the home she shared with her mother and grandparents . Anthony 's attorneys admitted she lied to authorities during the search for her daughter , saying she knew that she was dead . Her attorneys have alleged that the girl died accidentally . In seeking reimbursement , prosecutors have cited a Florida law that allows the state to fine defendants in criminal cases to recoup money spent . Prosecutors say the Orange County Sheriff 's Office spent $ 293,123.77 on the case and the district attorney 's office spent at least $ 140,390.60 . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement spent $ 71,939.56 and the Metropolitan Bureau of Investigation spent $ 10,645.38 , according to court documents . But Mason said prosecutors are asking for reimbursement for items that have nothing to do with the crimes of which she was convicted . He said , should Perry find that there is some merit to the state 's motion , that he should limit expenses to only those costs related to police efforts to locate Caylee Anthony . InSession 's Grace Wong contributed to this report .	NEW : Anthony tells her probation officer she 's jobless , has n't had alcohol , the state says Bill for prosecution 's expenses in Casey Anthony case is "  sour grapes , " lawyer says A prosecutor says Anthony lies about Caylee 's disappearance led to investigative costs Prosecutors want Anthony to reimburse authorities for at least $ 516,000
CNN  -- Argentina are into the quarterfinals of the 2011 Copa America after the hosts scored a comfortable 3-0 victory against Costa Rica in Cordoba . Two goals from Atletico Madrid 's Sergio Aguero and one from Real Madrid winger Angel di Maria secured the three points Sergio Batista 's team needed to avoid an early exit from the quadrennial competition . The two-time world champions advanced from Group A in second position , after Colombia defeated Bolivia 2-0 on Sunday to advance in first place . La Albiceleste will now face the second-placed team from Group C , which will be one of Chile , Peru or Uruguay . Is Argentine football in crisis ? Argentina were gifted the lead on the brink of half-time , when goalkeeper Leonel Moreira spilled midfielder Fernando Gago 's volley and the 23-year-old Aguero finished from close range . Aguero 's second goal , and third of the tournament , arrived seven minutes into the second half , when the former Independiente striker latched onto a perfectly weighted pass from FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi to sidefoot the ball beyond Moreira . Di Maria completed the scoring just past the hour mark , firing home from 10 yards after another perfect pass from Barcelona 's Messi . River Plate 's fate a warning to Latin American giants Batista made four changes to his starting line-up after two draws in Argentina 's opening two matches against Bolivia and Colombia . The most high-profile name to be dropped was Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez , with the 48-year-old coach preferring to field a front three of Aguero , Di Maria and Gonzalo Higuain anchored by Messi . "  We needed a game like this to restore the confidence of the players , " Batista told the tournament 's official web site . The 1986 World Cup winner praised the impact of Messi , who showed glimpses of the dazzling form he displayed for European champions Barca last season . "  Messi was brilliant and I was pleased by the application of the team , this is the game we want . "  We needed to have security as a team and keep the ball . Lionel knows how to overcome these situations and he showed today . " Messi , 24 , thanked the fans in the Estadio Mario Alberto Kempes for their support . "  I want to thank the fans , we missed this affection . From now another Cup begins , more than anyone , we want the best for Argentina . " Tuesday 's match in the competition will pit Chile against Peru in Mendoza , with both teams level on four points .	Argentina are into the quarterfinals after a 3-0 win over Costa Rica Atletico Madrid 's Sergio Aguero  2  and Angel di Maria grabbed the goals Sergio Batista 's team will now face Chile , Peru or Uruguay in the last eight
Pope Francis is to make his first trip to the United States as the head of the Catholic Church in September , the Vatican said Monday . He will travel to the World Meeting of the Families , said Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi . The Catholic public event , which celebrates the family as the basic building block of society , is to be held in Philadelphia next year . "  It is the answer to the countless prayers of so many people who have asked God to guide Pope Francis to Philadelphia , the culmination of many months of hopeful anticipation , and the fulfillment of my own confidence that the Holy Father would grace us with his presence next year , " Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput said in a statement . At a news conference , Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter heralded the occasion as "  something truly to be excited about . " "  Pope Francis has demonstrated grace , vision and wisdom in these first few years of his papacy , " the mayor said . "  He 's been committed to building consensus , embracing diversity and celebrating faith . We must follow his example and work to encourage and engage with others in the same way . " The trip will make Francis the fourth reigning Pontiff to visit the United States , the World Meeting of the Families said . The challenges that families face in modern times have been a hallmark topic for Pope Francis . He is to hold a Mass on Philadelphia 's broad central city avenue , Benjamin Franklin Parkway , on September 27 . World of the Family Meetings were instituted by St. John Paul II and have taken place every three years , starting with the first one in Rome in 1994 .	He will be the fourth Pope to visit the U.S. , Catholic organization says The Pontiff goes to Philadelphia for the World Meeting of Families Challenges that families face are a hallmark topic for the Pope
CNN  -- Tom and Sheila Byron are packed and ready to go . They looked over their 50-item checklist no fewer than a dozen times . After planning for this journey to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary for the better part of three years , they want to be prepared . It is , after all , the trip of a lifetime . On Sunday , the retired couple from Marietta , Georgia , will set sail from Southampton , England , along with more than 1,300 other passengers on a cruise to mark the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic . "  I think it will be fascinating . I get chills just thinking about it , " Sheila Byron says . Perhaps that 's with good reason . The Titanic Memorial Cruise will follow the route the Titanic took , and is scheduled to be in the exact spot at the exact time the Titanic struck an iceberg close to midnight on April 14 , 1912 , sending it to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean a little less than three hours later . More than 1,500 people lost their lives , and about 700 -- mostly women and children -- survived . For Titanic enthusiasts like the Byrons , marking the tragedy where it happened is part of the appeal . "  There is a little bit of excitement and a little bit of trepidation to be on the ship outside at night with the chaplain conducting a Christian ceremony to honor the deceased that came from all walks of life , " Tom Byron says . "  To be out there and know that 100 years ago , they were not doing what we will be doing ; that they were wondering how much longer they had left to live ... it 's overwhelming actually . " While not everyone would go to these lengths to mark a historic disaster , it 's human nature to be interested . "  Some people may say the curiosity is ghoulish and macabre , but this is really just an ordinary reaction to extraordinary events , " says Jerry Jacobs , a psychology professor and director of the Disaster Mental Health Institute at the University of South Dakota . "  It 's a fairly universal interest that human beings have to try to see someone going through what we might experience ourselves , " Jacobs says . It 's why people slow down when they drive past an accident , he adds . But it is n't just the tragic nature of the Titanic that captivates the Byrons . The mystique of a lost era also fascinates them . The cruise , organized by a British travel agency and sailing on the liner MS Balmoral , will feature history lectures ; a stop at Cobh , Ireland , the Titanic 's last port of call ; and a stop in Halifax , Nova Scotia , where many of the victims were buried . "  The dining rooms are going to follow the etiquette that was used during the Gilded Age . And on the night of the 14th a lot of people will be in period costumes , " Sheila Byron says . "  The people on the ship represented a lifestyle that disappeared when the ship sank , " Tom Byron says . "  It was the end of the Gilded Age -- the Edwardian period where the rich people got off the ship , mostly , and the third class of people mostly perished . " Sheila Byron has been interested in the Titanic since she was a child . And she 's far from the only one . The facts surrounding the ill-fated maiden voyage permeate popular culture . The disaster has spawned countless books , television specials and movies -- perhaps none more famous than James Cameron 's Oscar-winning film "  Titanic , " one of the highest-grossing movies of all time . To coincide with the anniversary the epic film is being re-released in 3-D in theaters on Friday . In Belfast , Northern Ireland , where the White Star Line 's most infamous ship was built , a new museum opened last month complete with interactive , hands-on exhibits , adding to a growing list of museums dedicated to the disaster , including one in Southampton , the point from which the ship set sail . And there are sister Titanic attractions in Branson , Missouri , and Pigeon Forge , Tennessee , catering to the fascination of American audiences . What is it that makes the Titanic so intriguing and universal to so many people ? "  I think it 's the fact that it was called unsinkable ; that no one thought this was going to happen . A lot of the people on the boat still did n't think it was going to happen when they were sitting in a lifeboat waiting to be rescued , " Sheila Byron says . Jacobs agrees . Heavy publicity as the ship was built helped cement the mythology . "  There was tremendous wealth and glamor on this ` unsinkable ' ship , " he says . "  But you do n't have to win the lottery to be happy , and you do n't escape terrible things in life just because you are wealthy , and that 's characterized in the fascination of the Titanic . " The Byrons know some people think they 're crazy for what could be looked at as tempting fate . "  When you say you are going on a cruise , the first thing people ask is ` where ' ? And then I go , ` oh dear , here we go again , ' " Sheila Byron says . "  A lot of them say ` Our prayers will be with you , ' or ` Have a good time . ' But not too many of them say they would do it . " The thought of disaster is there , Tom Byron says , but it 's not dampening the couple 's enthusiasm . "  It 's one last look at my 50-item checklist that I 've looked at for weeks and weeks and weeks , " he says smiling . "  It 's all organized . It 's time to go . Let 's go . " CNN 's Chris Welch sets sail April 10 from New York on a sister Titanic anniversary cruise . Check back next week for his account of the sailing .	The 100th anniversary of the Titanic disaster is intensifying interest A Georgia couple has been planning to sail on a memorial cruise for several years The cruise will sail to the site in the Atlantic where the ship went down A disaster psychologist says public fascination with the tragedy is human nature
Diana Nyad is making good progress in her latest attempt to swim to Florida from Cuba , her crew said Sunday . "  There 's no stopping her now , " the crew said on her blog . After jumping into the waters off Havana on Saturday afternoon -- a day earlier than originally planned -- Nyad had swum nearly 28 statute miles as of Sunday evening , putting in 50 strokes a minute , her blog reported . The full distance to Key West , Florida , is 103 miles , a trip expected to take Nyad 60 hours if the 62-year-old is successful in her attempt -- her fourth . "  I feel I have a lot more energy but I 'm conserving , " she said , according to a message posted on her official Twitter feed . Nyad was reported to be "  comfortable " and "  confident " after a difficult first night in the water . Nyad back in water for Cuba-Florida swim attempt She was stung by jellyfish on her lips , forehead , hands , and neck . Some stings were from box jellyfish , her blog said . "  Cheered by her crew as she swam toward the side of her escort boat , Voyager , for a feed this morning , she gave the thumbs up " and asked how the crew was doing , according to her blog . "  Today is more like swimming , " Nyad said in a quote on the blog . "  I do n't know what you would call last night -- probably surviving . " An "  unfriendly " one-foot chop of waves made her swim tougher overnight , the blog said , but at "  present the current is no longer against her . " Girl , 14 , crosses Lake Ontario She began the swim a day early because the water seemed to be "  fantastic , " Nyad said at a news conference before beginning the swim . Her Xtreme Dream team "  Has been brainstorming and thinking , ` We 've got to get out there , ' " she said . Nyad 's first attempt to cross the Straits of Florida was in 1978 , when rocky seas left her battered , delirious and less than halfway toward her goal . She returned to the effort twice last year . She was done in once by an 11-hour asthma attack and was later thwarted by box jellyfish stings . Nyad insisted she was ready to try it again now , and acknowledged Friday , "  I 'm feeling tremendous inner pressure that this has got to be it , this has got to be the last time . " Diana Nyad making fourth attempt at Cuba-to-Florida swim She 's in the water without a shark cage , relying on electronic shark repellent and a team of divers to keep them away . In the 1970s , Nyad won multiple swimming marathons and was one of the first women to encircle the island of Manhattan . She holds the world 's record for longest ocean swim -- 102.5 miles from the island of Bimini in the Bahamas to Jupiter , Florida . Nyad says she was 8 years old when she first dreamed about the possibility of swimming across the Straits of Florida . At the time , she was in Cuba on a trip from her home in Florida in the 1950s , before Fidel Castro led a Communist takeover in Cuba and its relations with the United States soured . "  I used to stand on the beach and I said to my mother , ' I wonder if anybody could swim over there , " Nyad recalled saying , while pointing to the Keys . In her 60s , she says , she still feels "  vital  and  powerful " -- and definitely "  not old . " A successful swim ideally will inspire people her age and older not to let their age hinder them , Nyad said . "  When I walk up on that shore in Florida , I want millions of those AARP sisters and brothers to look at me and say , ` I 'm going to go write that novel I thought it was too late to do . I 'm going to go work in Africa on that farm that those people need help at . I 'm going to adopt a child . It 's not too late , I can still live my dreams , ' " she said . From the archives : Nyad will not attempt crossing again From the archives : Jellyfish , currents cut short Cuba-to-Florida swim From the archives : Nyad stung again in swim attempt , team says	Diana Nyad says she is conserving her energy She has made it nearly 28 statute miles Nyad was stung by jellyfish on her lips , forehead , hands , and neck "  Unfriendly " waters operated against her overnight
