New Delhi  CNN  -- President Asif Ali Zardari of Pakistan is scheduled to visit India on Sunday , the first by a Pakistani head of state in seven years , amid thawing relations between the two nuclear-armed archrivals . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India will host a lunch in honor of Zardari in New Delhi before the Pakistani leader travels to the shrine of a revered Sufi saint at Ajmer in Rajasthan state , officials said . Zardari 's visit Sunday , a private trip , comes in the wake of Pakistan 's recent promise to grant India "  most favored nation " trading status . The South Asian neighbors have fought three wars , two of them over the Himalayan territory of Kashmir , since the 1947 partition of the subcontinent into Islamic Pakistan and Hindu-majority , secular India after independence from Britain . Last year , both nations pledged not to let their fragile peace process unravel again over the range of thorny issues that put them at odds . After meeting her Indian counterpart in New Delhi in July , the Pakistani foreign minister , Hina Rabbani Khar , said she believed that "  it is the desire and commitment of both the governments to make it an uninterrupted and uninterruptable process . " Their meeting came barely two weeks after three deadly explosions ripped through Mumbai , killing 27 people . The attack revived painful memories of the 2008 terrorist siege in Mumbai , for which India blamed Pakistani-based extremists . Pakistan was quick to condemn the 2011 bombings of Mumbai while New Delhi was careful not to point the finger at Islamabad . In 2004 , the nations agreed to negotiations that cover eight issues , including Kashmir , terrorism and Pakistan 's concerns over river dams on the Indian side of the border , which it sees as a threat to its water supplies . Since then , successive governments have held talks in an effort to end the historical acrimony . Singh and Zardari hailed results from the dialogue in September 2008 as the countries completed four rounds of diplomatic meetings . But engagements were suspended two months later in November 2008 after the terrorist assault on Mumbai , which left more than 160 people dead . Over the past two years , India and Pakistan have held a series of high-level meetings in their bid to put their peace dialogue back on track , a process considered crucial to regional stability ahead of the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan . In 2011 , New Delhi and Islamabad agreed to resume talks . "  It 's a win-win situation when Pakistan and India are engaging in dialogue , are talking to each other , and are building better cooperation , " Mark Toner , a deputy spokesperson for the U.S. State Department , said Thursday regarding Zardari 's upcoming India visit . Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani of Pakistan , who met Singh on the margins of a nuclear security summit in Seoul , South Korea , last month , also invited the Indian leader to his country . "  Zardari has chosen a visit to Ajmer as a reason to be in New Delhi , " Sanjaya Baru , Singh 's former media adviser , wrote in a column for the Indian Express on Friday . Baru suggested Singh "  could choose a visit to his place of birth , the village Gah , as a good reason to go to Lahore , and maybe even Islamabad . " Singh was born in Gah during British rule over the subcontinent . Today , the village is part of the Pakistani province of Punjab . Gen. Pervez Musharraf was the last Pakistani president to visit India , in 2005 , upon invitation by Singh to watch a cricket match between the two countries . "  Nothing need come out of such visits . No joint statement , no agreements , no final solution . But each such visit and the ensuing dialogue will make it easier for both governments to walk down the road that Singh and Musharraf defined , " Baru wrote . Other observers also said the Sunday lunch meeting between the Indian and Pakistani leaders was encouraging . "  The lunch being hosted by the prime minister for a Pakistani president on a private visit is a welcome step , " said Uday Bhaskar , a strategic analyst . "  These gestures are in the long-term interest of India and that of the region . "	President Asif Ali Zardari will have a private visit with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh The neighbors have fought three wars , two of them over the Himalayan territory of Kashmir Talks were suspended in 2008 after a terrorist assault on Mumbai
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Debris from Air France 447 , which crashed en route from Brazil to France last month , killing 228 people , has arrived in France , the French air accident investigation agency BEA said Wednesday . Searchers have discovered hundreds of pieces of wreckage from Air France Flight 447 . "  The debris ... will be sent to Toulouse where they will be examined at the Center of Aeronautics Tests of Toulouse  a branch of the Defense Ministry  under the control of the police and the BEA investigators , " said the French air accident investigation agency BEA . The wreckage was transported to France from Brazil by the ship "  La Ville de Bordeaux , " according to the plane 's manufacturer Airbus . It will be taken overland to Toulouse by truck . Flight 447 went down in the Atlantic Ocean in stormy weather as if flew from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris , France on June 1 . Only 51 bodies were recovered , and the search is ongoing for the cause of the crash . The search for the data and voice recorders from the plane entered a second phase last week , according to France 's accident investigation agency . The flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder -- commonly known as "  black boxes " -- stop giving out acoustic broadcasts after 30 days . But investigators decided to continue listening for the "  pings " for another 10 days after that . On July 10 , two U.S. naval vessels and the French Navy submarine called off their search for the recorders , which investigators hope will shed light on exactly how and why the plane crashed . The second phase of the search will involve France 's oceanographic ship "  Pourquoi Pas ? " which carries specialized exploration and intervention vehicles , according to the BEA . The French vessel will conduct new searches using diving equipment and towed sonar , the BEA said . Finding the recorders is of "  capital importance " and "  no effort must be spared in achieving this end , " Air France has said . "  We want to stress that for the sake of the families , we hope that the search for the black boxes will be successful , " an Air France representative told CNN . The crash was the worst in Air France 's 75-year history . Earlier this month , investigators revealed that the plane bellyflopped intact into the Atlantic Ocean . Investigator Alain Bouillard said it was still not clear what caused the crash . The mountainous ocean floor in the search area ranges from 3,280 to 15,091 feet , BEA officials have said in the past , making the search for the recorders -- and the rest of the plane 's debris -- difficult . "  It is as if it fell in the Andes  mountains  , " Olivier Ferrante , chief of the BEA search mission said . Brazil called off the search for bodies on June 27 , having found 51 of the 228 people who died , according to the military . Investigators have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane , along with luggage , Bouillard said .	Debris from Air France 447 , which crashed last month , has arrived in France Plane went down off Brazil on June 1 , killing all 228 aboard French oceanographic ship will conduct new searches for data recorders
A rookie police officer who was answering a domestic violence call has died from gunshot wounds , the Flagstaff , Arizona , Police Department said Saturday . Officer Tyler Stewart , 24 , was shot several times in a residential area and died at a hospital , officials said . The gunman apparently killed himself , police said . "  We are a very close-knit organization , and know that all members of the Flagstaff Police Department are grieving at this time , " Chief Kevin Treadway said . A news release said that Stewart was trying to make contact with the gunman , who was the suspect in a domestic violence investigation , when he was shot Saturday afternoon . There were no other details released . "  It is heartbreaking to lose one of our officers . We collectively mourn for his family and the entire department , " Mayor Jerry Nabours said . According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund website , Stewart is one of 125 police officers who have died while on duty in 2014 .	Officer Tyler Stewart was shot multiple times , died at a hospital Gunman also killed himself , according to police
What really happened to Michael Brown ? We know a police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , fatally shot the unarmed 18-year-old , but police and witnesses have given different accounts of what happened in the moments before the shooting . The confusion has fueled protests in Ferguson and , earlier in the week , strong police response in the streets of the St. Louis suburb . Here are five key questions about the incident : How did it start ? Brown and Dorian Johnson , 22 , were walking in the middle of the street , en route to either Brown 's grandmother 's house  according to Brown 's mother and grandmother  or to Johnson 's house  according to Johnson  , when a Ferguson police officer confronted them . Officer Darren Wilson , who is white , told the young men either "  Get the f *** on the sidewalk " or "  Get the f *** out of the street , " according to Johnson 's accounts to CNN and other news outlets . The young men replied that they were "  not but a minute away from our destination , and we would shortly be out of the street , " Johnson told CNN . The officer drove away but stopped and backed up , almost hitting the pair , Johnson said . He said he was n't sure what prompted the officer to return . Johnson told MSNBC the officer said something to the effect of "  What 'd you say ? " "  We were so close , almost inches away , that when he tried to open his door aggressively , the door ricocheted both off me and Big Mike 's body and closed back on the officer , " Johnson said . A caller to the St. Louis radio program The Dana Show , on Radio America , gave what she said was the officer 's version of events . Her account accurately matches what Wilson has told investigators , a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation told CNN . The caller , who identified herself only as "  Josie , " said that Wilson told her that the two young men were walking in the street and he rolled down his window and told them to get out of the street . Was there a struggle ? Yes . Everyone agrees on this point , and it 's one of the few aspects of the shooting that police have attempted to detail , though the official explanation has spurred many questions they have yet to answer . The preliminary investigation showed that the officer tried to exit his vehicle , but Brown pushed him back into the car , "  where he physically assaulted the police officer " and struggled over the officer 's weapon , St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said . A shot was fired inside the police car , Belmar said . After the incident , the officer was taken to an area hospital , where he was treated for a "  swollen face , " according to Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson . In Josie 's version , Wilson may have heard a call about a strong-arm robbery and saw the young men carrying something that might have been stolen cigars . According to Josie , when Wilson tried to get out of his car , Brown pushed him back in , and then punched the officer in the face . It was then that Wilson reached for his gun , Josie told the radio show . Brown grabbed Wilson 's gun , and the officer pushed it away and the gun went off , Josie said . The stories do n't jibe with at least three witness accounts . Johnson claims the officer grabbed Brown by his neck , and Brown tried to pull away , but the officer kept pulling Brown toward him , he said . The officer drew his weapon , and "  he said , ` I 'll shoot you ' or ` I 'm going to shoot ' " and almost instantaneously fired his weapon , hitting Brown , Johnson said . Witness Tiffany Mitchell was picking up coworker Piaget Crenshaw for their jobs when she saw Brown and the officer "  tussling through the window . " Mitchell and Crenshaw said Brown appeared to be trying to pry himself from the officer 's grasp . Brown had his hand on the police cruiser , trying to push himself away , Mitchell said . Was Brown armed ? No . Again , this is undisputed . Every casing found at the scene came from the officer 's gun , Belmar said , and witnesses say that after the officer initially fired , the two young men took off running . "  I saw the officer proceeding after my friend , Big Mike , with his gun drawn , and he fired a second shot , and that struck my friend , Big Mike , " Johnson said . "  And at that time , he turned around with his hands up , beginning to tell the officer that he was unarmed and to tell him to stop shooting . But at that time , the officer was firing several more shots into my friend , and he hit the ground and died . " This matches Crenshaw 's and Mitchell 's story . Crenshaw told CNN that Brown got about 20 feet away from the police cruiser before the officer shot him again . "  The cop gets out of his vehicle shooting , " Mitchell said . "  Brown 's  body jerked as if he was hit from behind , and he turned around , and he put his hands up . ... The cop continued to fire until he just dropped down to the ground , and his face just smacked the concrete . " A private autopsy conducted for the Brown family showed that Brown had been shot at least six times , including twice in the head . Josie , recounting the officer 's version of events , told the radio program that after the first shot went off inside the car , Brown and his friend started running , and Wilson pursued as protocol dictates . According to Josie , Wilson told the young men to freeze , and the pair turned around . The officer 's account is that Brown started to taunt him , saying he would n't shoot him , and then rushed at the officer at full speed , Josie said . It was then that Wilson started firing , Josie said . She said that in the officer 's opinion , Brown "  was on something . " According to her , the final shot hit Brown in the forehead , and he fell two or three feet in front of the officer . A new witness , Michael Brady , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday that Wilson fired at Brown after the teen ran about 20 feet . Brady ran out of his apartment to get a closer look . Seconds later , he saw Brown doubled over , cradling one arm and beginning to fall forward . He took a step or two towards the officer but did not charge him , Brady said . Wilson fired three to four more shots at him , he said . What were Brown and Johnson doing before the incident ? On Friday , six days after the shooting , Ferguson police revealed that Brown was the "  primary suspect " in the strong-arm robbery of a convenience store moments before he encountered police and was killed . A store surveillance video shows a man pushing a clerk before walking out the front door with a box of Swisher Sweets cigars worth $ 48.99 , according to information released by police . The Brown family lawyer , Benjamin Crump , said that the person in the video appears to be Michael Brown . Read the police reports Johnson , who was with Brown when he was shot , will not face any criminal charges in connection with the store robbery because "  we have determined he committed no crime , " Jackson said . Jackson initially said that the officer who shot Brown was responding to a call about the robbery . Later , Jackson revised that comment , saying the officer approached Brown not because of the robbery , but because he was "  walking down the middle of the street , blocking traffic . " Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US Why did n't police identify the officer right away ? It took police six days to publicly identify Wilson . Police initially promised to release the officer 's name but held off , saying they feared for his safety . On Friday , police revealed the officer as Wilson , 28 , who is a six-year veteran of the department without any history of disciplinary action . Wilson is on paid administrative leave , Belmar said , and will have to undergo two psychological evaluations before returning to duty . Though the officer was promptly released from the hospital , Jackson said he spoke to him , and he was "  very shaken about what happened that day and the aftermath . ... He 's hurt . " Brown 's family and their attorneys were infuriated that police released Wilson 's identity and allegations of Brown 's role in the robbery on the same day . "  The prolonged release of the officer 's name and then the subsequent alleged information regarding a robbery is the reason why the family and the local community have such distrust for the local law enforcement agencies , " the family and lawyers said in a statement . Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Complete coverage on the Ferguson shooting and protests	Officer who fatally shot teen is identified as Darren Wilson , 28 Police say Michael Brown was prime suspect in a robbery just before police shooting Witnesses , police concur that tussle preceded shooting , Brown was unarmed Details in dispute as witnesses deny claim that Brown reached for officer 's weapon
A senior Palestinian Authority official died Wednesday after a confrontation with Israeli troops , prompting President Mahmoud Abbas to halt security coordination with Israel , according to Palestinian officials . Ziyad Abu Ein died after clashes with Israeli soldiers midday Wednesday in the Palestinian village of Turmusaya , which is northeast of the West Bank city of Ramallah , longtime chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said in a statement . Abu Ein -- a minister in Abbas ' Fatah party and head of the Committee to Resist the Wall and Settlements -- was there participating in nonviolent demonstrations to mark international Human Rights Day , according to Erakat 's statement . There were varying reports of exactly how Abu Ein died , including what role -- if any -- Israeli authorities played in it . Pictures from various news agencies depict an Israeli soldier with his hands to Abu Ein 's neck , followed by another showing him on the ground . The official Palestinian news agency WAFA , meanwhile , reported that the Palestinian official lost consciousness after he inhaled tear gas and an Israeli soldier hit him in the chest . "  The Israeli soldiers called Abu Ein by name and seemed to be focused on him , " witness Kamal Abu Safaka told CNN . "  There was a lot of pushing , kicking and punching by the soldiers . ... When Abu Ein tried to intercede , they hit him on the chest with a rifle butt and grabbed him by the throat and pushed him back and then threw a large amount of tear gas and stun grenades . " Dr. Ahmed Bitawi , the director of the Ramallah hospital that inspected Abu Ein 's body , said he died from asphyxiation after choking on vomit brought on by tear gas inhalation . But a preliminary autopsy report released by the Israeli government indicated that Abu Ein 's death was caused by a blockage of the coronary artery due to hemorrhaging . The bleeding could have been caused by stress , the report said , suggesting the poor condition of Abu Ein 's heart caused him to be more sensitive to stress . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu sent a message -- via his special envoy Yitzhak Molcho -- to Palestinian Authority officials telling them that Israel will investigate the death , according to a government statement . "  The Prime Minister , who has been holding security consultations throughout the day , pointed to the need to calm the situation and act responsibly , " the statement said . The Israeli military said in a statement that the incident happened after its "  forces halted the progress of  about 200  rioters into the civilian community of Abed-Ad using riot dispersal means . " "  The IDF is reviewing the circumstances of the participation of Ziyad Abu Ein and his later death , " the Israeli military said , noting an Israeli pathologist will join a group of pathologists from Jordan for an examination . " ... Additionally , a proposal has been made to the Palestinians to establish a joint investigation team to review the incident . " Jordanian Minister of Information Mohammed Al-Momani said that two forensic doctors were sent to the West Bank "  to help in determining the cause of  Abu Ein 's  death " in response "  to a Palestinian request . " Declaring three days of mourning , Abbas slammed Abu Ein 's death as an "  intolerable barbaric act , " according to WAFA . "  What happened is a crime by all means , we can not sit idle and silent  after  this crime , " he said later on Palestinian television . "  For that , this leadership is meeting now to decide what it wants , and I say honestly all options are open for discussion and for implementation . ... We do n't have any other solutions . " Hanan Ashrawi , an executive member of the Palestine Liberation Organization , said Abbas also froze security coordination with Israel . Jibril Rajoub , a member of Fatah 's central committee , confirmed this development . A meeting of PLO representatives Wednesday night about the day 's development 's was "  heated , " Ashrawi said . One of the options discussed at the session was taking the Palestinian case to the U.N. Security Council . There will be another meeting Friday . Ashrawi is among the Palestinians outraged by the minister 's death , demanding "  an international and impartial investigation . " "  This is a deliberate and willful act of murder and criminality , " she said .	Autopsy report released by Israel says Ziyad Abu Ein died from blocked artery A Palestinian doctor says he choked on vomit brought on by tear gas inhalation A Palestinian official says Ziyad Abu Ein was taking part in nonviolent protests Israel 's Netanyahu sends his envoy to the Palestinian Authority , vows to investigate
Myitkyina , Myanmar  CNN  On the surface , this riverfront town looks prosperous , peaceful and green ; a trading hub that profits from lucrative gemstone mines located in the hinterland of Myanmar 's northern Kachin State . Dig deeper , though , and a dark undercurrent exists -- what community leaders say is a major heroin epidemic . Even on the campus of Myitkyina University , used syringes spill out of metal garbage bins marked with signs urging users to properly dispose of drug paraphernalia to avoid the spread of infections like HIV . More needles litter the rocky banks of the Irrawaddy River , near the terminal where boatmen ship fuel , vegetables and the occasional foreign tourist up and down the waterway . Community leaders offer shockingly high estimates for drug use among young people in this part of Myanmar . "  Every family has this drug problem ... I think 65 % or 70 % of young people use drugs , " says Reverend Samson Hkalam , the head of the Kachin Baptist Convention , the largest group of churches in the state . "  The drug is the first enemy of the Kachin people , " he adds . How heroin kills you Conflict zone The Kachin are an ethnic and predominantly Christian religious minority in Myanmar , which is a majority Buddhist country . For much of the last half century , Kachin State has also been a battleground in a conflict between Myanmar 's military and an insurgency led by militants from the Kachin Independence Army . Some Kachin community leaders argue drug abuse now claims more lives than the decades-long conflict , which is estimated to have forced more than 100,000 people to flee their homes in the last three years . But this claim is challenged by the top counter narcotics police commander in Myitkyina . In a phone conversation with CNN , Sai Thein Zaw downplays the sight of used heroin syringes on the town 's streets . "  Drug problems are not unique to Kachin state or Myanmar for that matter , " he says , before claiming that government efforts to combat the region 's drug problem have been successful . But a recent United Nations report suggests otherwise . The United Nations ' Office on Drugs and Crime says poppy production in Myanmar more than doubled between 2006 and 2013 , while opium production jumped 26 % from 2012 to 2013 . Myanmar ranks as the world 's second largest producer of opium after Afghanistan . Desperate measures In Myitkyina , desperate times call for desperate measures . Community leaders send out volunteers to clean used needles off the streets , while church groups organize raids against suspected drug dealers , sharing photos and videos of what they say are confiscated narcotics that they subsequently burn . In one unusual video filmed and released by the group Ram Hkye  or "  Save Youth "  , a pastor wearing a motorcycle helmet preaches through a megaphone at more than a dozen men squatted on a dirt road with syringes bulging from their biceps and hands . The pastor , backed up by a man playing guitar , distributes religious pamphlets to the heroin users , one of whom claps listlessly along with a hymn as a needle protrudes from one of his veins . Community groups have also gotten into the business of addiction treatment . At least a half dozen faith-based rehabilitation centers have sprung up in areas around Myitkyina in the last two years . One of them , the Light of the World camp , is a compound on the banks of the Irrawaddy surrounded by 10-foot high aluminum walls as well as a guard tower . The main gate to the compound locks from the outside . There is no handle on the inside of the gate . "  We need to have the walls , " says Zau Tu , a pastor leading the team who was treating at least 18 patients at the camp . "  If they  the patients  ca n't see anything around them , it calms them down . " For those patients who ca n't control their urges , there are more drastic measures available , including a cage next to the camp 's bamboo chapel . "  If they commit crimes , if they fight each other , they go in the penalty box , " says Zau Tu . ` Jesus not methadone ' At faith-based rehabilitation camps like Light of the World , counselors do n't administer methadone -- the synthetic opioid often used to treat heroin addicts . "  We use the words of Jesus instead of methadone , " explains Nding Ahga , a recovered heroin addict and former rock star who runs the Youth for Christ Center , about a mile up the river from Light of the World . Ahga 's camp is not walled . But patients spend their first week in rehabilitation overcoming drug withdrawal symptoms while locked in a prison-like room that Ahga called the "  prayer room . " All 12 of Ahga 's patients are laborers who said they had come from the jade mines of Hpakant , located several hours ' drive northwest of Myitkyina . No San , 29 , showed the track marks and scars left in his arms and veins after years of heroin abuse . "  I was hot , I was burning , " he recalls , describing his first agonizing week of heroin withdrawal . He and the other patients say heroin and other drugs are bought and sold in the open in an outdoor market near the jade mines . "  We can get drugs easily everywhere in Hpakant , " No San adds . "  All of the miners take drugs . It 's not strange for us . You can buy drugs at the store easily . " Nding Ahga shares footage he filmed secretly during a recent visit to one of the heroin bazaars in Hpakant . The video shows a row of crude shops and stalls that also served as a "  shooting gallery , " an area where drug users could inject heroin in the open without fear from law enforcement officers . Asked why counter narcotics officers do not intervene in Hpakant , Sai Thein Zaw of the Central Committee for Drug Abuse Control in Myitkyina blames the Kachin insurgency . "  It is difficult to work in places like Hpakant because peace has not been achieved between the government and Kachin State , " he says . "  So it is hard to implement programs that work toward eliminating drugs in the region . " Worst yet to come Despite state and community-led efforts to battle the drug trade , many community leaders predicted the worst was yet to come in Kachin . Due in part to high unemployment in the region , Reverend Hkalam says many recovering addicts quickly relapse after rehabilitation treatment . "  We see that the main problem is follow-up and vocational training , " he says . "  Because if they go back home , jobless , it 's very easy to return to the drugs again . " The scene at an overgrown cemetery near a camp for families displaced by the conflict underscores the scale of the heroin epidemic . Hundreds -- if not thousands -- of empty syringe wrappers litter the ground around crypts and tombs that had been nearly swallowed by vegetation . Used syringes and glass vials lay amid the graves . Against this macabre backdrop of death and drug abuse , our team encounters a couple of men injecting heroin at sunset . Surprised by foreign visitors , the men hastily hide their needles . One of the men , who identifies himself only as a 30-year-old farmer , uses leaves from a bush to wipe away blood dripping down his arm as he speaks . He says he can buy a dose of heroin for as little as 4,000 kyat , which is roughly equivalent to four U.S. dollars . "  If I have more money , I will use more -LSB- heroin -RSB- , " the man says . "  There are no limits if I have money . " After a 10-minute conversation , both drug users climb onto a motorcycle and ride away along the syringe-strewn path between the tombstones . Their used needles lie discarded in the grass .	CNN team encounters problem with heroin addiction in Myanmar 's northern Kachin State Region has been unstable for decades due to conflict between government forces and rebels Community leaders estimate 65 % to 70 % of young people use drugs here Church and community groups battling to help addicts rehabilitate
CNN  -- Former Sunday School teacher Melissa Huckaby apologized Monday in a California courtroom after being sentenced to life in prison without parole for killing her daughter 's 8-year-old playmate . "  It is not enough to say that I 'm sorry , but that is all I can do , " a tearful Huckaby told a hushed courtroom about the death of Sandra Cantu , whose body was found in a suitcase in a pond on a dairy farm 10 days after she disappeared in Tracy , California , in March 2009 . "  From the day Sandra has died , I 've had to live with the consequences of what I have done , " said the tearful 29-year-old woman as she daubed her eyes and blew her nose . "  For the rest of my life , I am going to have to live with these feelings of responsibility for her death . Not a day , not an hour goes by that I do n't think about her . " She added , "  I loved Sandra a great deal . She was a sweet , innocent little girl who did not deserve to have such a short life . I alone am responsible for Sandra 's death . " Dressed in a red prison jumpsuit and seated next to her lawyer , Huckaby directed comments to the victim 's family . "  I know that I have caused you a great deal of grief , and for that I am truly sorry , " she said . "  I should not have taken Sandra from you , and I want you to know she did not suffer and I did not sexually molest your daughter . " Huckaby also apologized to her own family -- including "  my own daughter , whom I have lost " -- and thanked them for their support . "  I wish I could give you an explanation , " she said . "  I still can not understand why I did what I did . Every day , I try to discover my motivation , but I still do not have an answer . This is a question I will struggle with for the rest of my life . " In a plea deal that removed the possibility of the death penalty , Huckaby admitted to the special circumstance of murder during the course of a kidnapping , which translates into life without parole . She has 60 days to appeal . Prosecutors had charged Huckaby with murder , kidnapping , lewd and lascivious acts on a child under 14 , and rape by instrument . San Joaquin County Superior Court Judge Linda Lofthus lifted a gag order and said she would consider unsealing documents related to the case .	Former Sunday School teacher sentenced to life without parole for kidnap , murder ' I alone am responsible for Sandra 's death ' ' I wish I could give you an explanation ' Gag order lifted
CNN  A few years ago , Glyzelle Palomar was begging for food on the streets of northern Manila . This week , the 12-year-old girl was on a stage in front of tens of thousands of people , asking Pope Francis why God lets children suffer . "  There are many children neglected by their own parents , " Glyzelle said Sunday at a ceremony at a 400-year-old Catholic university in Manila . "  There are also many who became victims and many terrible things happened to them like drugs or prostitution . " "  Why is God allowing such things to happen , even if it is not the fault of the children ? " she asked the Pope , breaking down into tears as she spoke . Another former street child , Jun Chura , told Pope Francis about his struggle to survive without a home . "  I was feeding myself with what I can find in the garbage , " said Jun , 14 . "  I did not know where to go , and I was sleeping on the sidewalk . " "  When I was in the street , I witness also things I do n't like , terrible things that happened to my companions in the street , " Jun said . "  I saw that they were taught how to steal , to kill also , and they have no respect anymore for the adults . " Pope Francis responded to Glyzelle 's question and Jun 's testimony by giving the two children a big hug . "  She is the only one who has put a question for which there is no answer and she was n't even able to express it in words but in tears , " the 78-year-old Pope told the crowd . Glyzelle and Jun are both in the care of Tulay ng Kabataan Foundation , a non-governmental organization that looks after Manila 's street children . The foundation came across Glyzelle and her older sister a few years ago , said Alexandra Chapeleau , the group 's communication manager . The girls had left home -- where their impoverished parents were unable to support them or get them an education -- and were fending for themselves on the street , she said . They first attended one of the foundation 's drop-in centers before moving into a residential facility and starting to attend school . In November , their younger brother joined them at the foundation . Glyzelle is still in touch with her mother and goes home to see her at Christmas , Chapeleau said . The foundation 's center where Glyzelle lives is home to about 40 other former street children . "  Most of them are victims of the terrible things that can happen in the street , " including physical and sexual abuse , Chapeleau said . But Glyzelle 's tears in front of the Pope on Sunday were apparently prompted by the intensity of the moment , not because of her own experiences . She asked the question "  on behalf of all the children we take care of , " not because of "  something personal regarding her own story , " Chapeleau said . The Pope touched on the street children theme again later Sunday when he celebrated Mass in a Manila park with millions of people , despite the soaking rain . "  We need to see each child as a gift to be welcomed , cherished and protected , " he told the enormous crowd . "  And we need to care for our young , not allowing them to be condemned to a life on the streets . " The Pope had visited the center where Glyzelle and others live on Friday after celebrating Mass at Manila Cathedral , and reportedly said he was "  very moved " by what he saw . There are estimated to be more than 1.5 million street children in the Philippines , about 70,000 of them in the Manila metropolitan area , according to the He Cares Foundation , another group that cares for them . In his account , Jun described seeing some of his friends sniffing glue and taking other drugs . He said he learned to be wary of adults offering money or help because it was often a trap to exploit the children . He initially declined an offer of support from Tulay ng Kabataan Foundation but later found out that the organization was genuinely trying to help him . "  I realized that not all people have no heart , " he said . The Pope left the Philippines on Monday , waving as he boarded his plane at the end of an Asia trip that also included time in Sri Lanka . In the first visit by a Pope to the predominantly Catholic Philippines in 20 years , Francis paid a visit to Tacloban , the city ravaged by Super Typhoon Haiyan in November 2013 . Francis had to cut short his time there at the weekend because of the approach of another typhoon . But it did n't stop him from donning a slicker to celebrate Mass in Tacloban on Saturday for hundreds of thousands who gathered despite the stormy weather .	Glyzelle Palomar , 12 , asks Pope why street children face drug abuse and prostitution "  She is the only one who has put a question for which there is no answer , " Pope says He hugs Glyzelle and Jun Chura , a boy who recounted foraging for food in garbage
CNN  -- Dr. Paul Offit does n't take any vitamins . In fact , while you might think that vitamins are great in any quantity , Offit urges you to take a step back and think before swallowing the equivalent of eight cantaloupes in a single dose . "  I think that alternative medicine is often given a free pass , " he told CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  I think we should hold alternative medicine to the same standard that we hold conventional medicine . It lives under this sort of untouchable halo . I think we should be a little more skeptical . " Offit , chief of the division of infectious diseases at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , is no stranger to controversy -- previously he has taken on the anti-vaccine movement . His book "  Do You Believe in Magic ? The Sense and Nonsense of Alternative Medicine , " came out Tuesday . Vitamins and supplements , representing about a $ 27 billion industry , are necessary to convert food into energy , but it 's possible to take them in excess , Offit said . For instance , it 's not uncommon to hear of someone taking 1,000 milligrams of vitamin C , but that 's about the same amount in 14 oranges . "  Vitamins live under this notion that you ca n't possibly hurt yourself , " he said . "  But you can , by challenging Mother Nature and taking these vitamins and concentrating them to these exceptionally large quantities that you would never normally eat . " Opinion : Alternative healing or quackery ? You may have heard the term "  antioxidant " as a buzzword that applies to some vitamins . Antioxidants combat free radicals -- molecules produced when your body breaks down food , or by environmental exposures like tobacco smoke and radiation , according to the National Institutes of Health . Free radicals damage cell membranes and DNA . Doctors recommend a healthy intake of fruits and vegetables containing antioxidants to prevent this from happening and apparently decreasing the risk of conditions such as cancer and heart disease . However , oxidation is necessary for life , and preventing too much of this process can be a bad thing because cells that need to be destroyed , such as cancer cells , wo n't be . There have been several important studies showing the harmful effects of vitamins . As Offit wrote in an op-ed the New York Times , a 1994 New England Journal of Medicine study on 29,000 Finnish smokers found beta carotene was associated with lung and heart disease death . Beta carotene and vitamin A in combination were shown in another New England Journal of Medicine study to be linked to a 46 % greater risk of death from lung cancer than placebo . A 2012 Cochrane review of multiple randomized clinical trials showed an increase in risk of death may be linked to beta carotene and vitamin E , as well as higher doses of vitamin A . The likely explanation , Offit said , is that supplemental antioxidant vitamins , taken in large quantities , cause unnatural behavior in the body , counteracting oxidation too much and leaving the immune system weaker in its defenses against invaders . In response to Offit 's op-ed , the nonprofit Consumer Healthcare Products Association countered that there is research underscoring the benefits of multivitamins , and that these supplements are prominent in the health care regime of many consumers . "  Consumers should always use caution when considering ` megadoses ' of any supplements , carefully research these choices , and consult a healthcare professional with questions , " the CHPA said . "  While Dr. Offit shares his own hypothesis on supplemental antioxidants in this piece , it has yet to be substantiated . Until that time , we look forward to future research that would provide guidance for public health . " The Council for Responsible Nutrition , a trade association representing the dietary supplement industry , reacted strongly to Offit 's book , saying he "  weaves together a series of tired old arguments . " "  Dr. Offit 's credentials as a respected medical physician are well-established , making his dismissal of the value of dietary supplements all the more unfortunate , " council president Steve Mister said in a statement . "  With more than 150 million Americans taking dietary supplements each year , it would be a shame if consumers reading this book mistake the opinion of one doctor for the opinion of the medical community as a whole . It is important for consumers to have an open dialogue with their health care practitioners about their dietary supplement regimens , and hopefully this book wo n't deter them from doing so . " The abundance of strong studies on the harmful effects of megavitamins suggests to Offit that these supplements are worse than Vioxx . That was an anti-inflammatory drug that its manufacturer , Merck , voluntarily withdrew from the market in 2004 after evidence emerged of its harm to the heart in some people . "  I think if vitamins were a regulated industry , you could argue that megavitamins would have a black box warning on them , " he told CNN . Because the industry is not regulated , Offit said , no one knows if alternative remedies are actually the same , or have a standard concentration , from batch to batch . No safety or efficacy data is available , either , the way there is with pharmaceuticals regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , he said . "  I think people have the misconception that these products -- dietary supplements and vitamins -- are made by elves and old hippies that have meadows and flowers , " he said . The 1994 Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act had the effect of defeating the FDA 's attempt to regulate the supplements industry , so consumers do n't know what they are buying , Offit said . "  We are the victims of enormous marketing campaign regarding some of these vitamins and supplements , " he said . Despite the widespread popularity of vitamins and supplements , doctors should n't encourage patients to take these substances just because they want them , he said . "  I think the message is this : That patients are not customers , and we 're not waiters . " CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Studies have shown that vitamins have been linked to disease and death Too much antioxidant vitamins may disrupt the immune system 's natural processes Dr. Paul Offit argues there should be more regulation of the vitamin and supplement industry
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A new sleeper virus that could allow hackers to steal financial and personal information has now spread to more than eight million computers in what industry analysts say is one of the most serious infections they have ever seen . Experts say a single infected laptop could expose an entire network to the worm . The Downadup or Conficker worm exploits a bug in Microsoft Windows to infect mainly corporate networks , where -- although it has yet to cause any harm -- it potentially exposes infected PCs to hijack . Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at anti-virus firm F-Secure , says while the purpose of the worm is unclear , its unique "  phone home " design , linking back to its point of origin , means it can receive further orders to wreak havoc . He said his company had reverse-engineered its program , which they suspected of originating in Ukraine , and is using the call-back mechanism to monitor an exponential infection rate , despite Microsoft 's issuing of a patch to fix the bug . "  On Tuesday there were 2.5 million , on Wednesday 3.5 million and today -LSB- Friday -RSB- , eight million , " he told CNN . "  It 's getting worse , not better . " Hypponen explained to CNN the dangers that Downadup poses , who is most at risk and what can be done to stop its spread . How serious is it ? It is the most serious large scale worm outbreak we have seen in recent years because of how widespread it is , but it is not very serious in terms of what it does . So far it does n't try to steal personal information or credit card details . Who is affected ? We have large infections in Europe , the United States and in Asia . It is a Windows worm and almost all the cases are corporate networks . There are very few reports of independent home computers affected . What does it do ? It is a complicated worm most likely engineered by a group of people who have spent time making it very complicated to analyze and remove . The real reason why they have created it is hard to say right now , but we do know how it replicates . How does it spread ? The worm does not spread over email or the Web . However if an infected laptop is connected to your corporate network , it will immediately scan the network looking for machines to infect . These will be machines that have not installed a patch from Microsoft known as MS08-067 . The worm will also scan company networks trying to guess your password , trying hundreds and hundreds of common words . If it gets in , even if you are not at your machine , it will infect and begin spreading to other servers . A third method of spreading is via USB data sticks . How can I prevent it infecting my machine ? The best way is to get the patch and install it company-wide . The second way is password security . Use long , difficult passwords -- particularly for administrators who can not afford to be locked out of the machines they will have to fix . What can I do if it has already infected ? Machines can be disinfected . The problem is for companies with thousands of infected machines , which can become re-infected from just one computer even as they are being cleared .	A new sleeper virus has now spread to more than eight million computers Industry analysts say is one of the most serious infections they have ever seen The worm exploits a bug in Microsoft 's ubiquitous Windows software Virus could allow its creators to hijack entire networks
CNN  Embattled Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned Wednesday , a week after a scathing Justice Department report slammed his department . Jackson and the city "  have agreed to a mutual separation , " Ferguson officials announced . "  It 's a really hard pill to swallow , " Jackson said in a text message responding to CNN 's request for comment . He also confirmed his resignation in a letter to Ferguson 's mayor . "  It is with profound sadness that I am announcing I am stepping down from my position as chief of police for the city of Ferguson , Missouri , " Jackson said , adding that serving the city as police chief "  has been an honor and a privilege . " The resignation will go into effect March 19 , Jackson said , to "  provide for an orderly transition of command . " "  I will continue to assist the city in any way I can in my capacity as private citizen , " Jackson wrote . But even though he 's about to be out of a job , Jackson will still collect a paycheck . Jackson will receive a severance payment and health insurance for one year , the city said , with Lt. Col. Al Eickhoff assuming his duties during a nationwide search for a new chief . Ferguson Mayor James Knowles said he could n't go into details about the personnel discussions behind the decision to give Jackson a year of severance pay . "  I think it 's fair to say that in many executive level private industries , you would get a similar treatment , " he said . Knowles said the police chief decided to resign "  after a lot of soul searching . " "  I think it 's important that we recognize that the chief made this decision because he wanted to do this , " Knowles said . "  He thought it was the best for the city and the Police Department . " Hours after the announcement , protesters gathered outside the Ferguson Police Department . "  Fight back , " many chanted as they faced a long line of police officers . At least two people were arrested , CNN affiliate KMOV said , but it was not immediately clear why . As of late Wednesday night , the protest was largely peaceful . Jackson 's resignation is the latest fallout from the Justice Department report , which exposed problems in the city 's policing tactics and faulted Ferguson 's officers for seeing residents as "  sources of revenue , " a practice that federal investigators said disproportionately targeted African-Americans . The investigators also found evidence of racist jokes being sent around by Ferguson police and court officials . Ferguson City Manager John Shaw stepped down Tuesday . The report mentions both men by name . Two police officers resigned last week and the city 's top court clerk was fired in connection with racist emails , city spokesman Jeff Small said on Friday . Last week , Jackson declined to comment on details in the report . "  I need to have time to really analyze this report so I can comment on it , " Jackson told CNN Thursday . When asked what he planned to do about the report 's findings , the chief said he would "  take action as necessary . " After his resignation Wednesday , he said in a written statement to CNN 's Don Lemon that he was encouraged by the report 's conclusion , which says that Ferguson "  has the capacity to reform its approach to law enforcement . " "  We agree that Ferguson can do the tough work to see this through and emerge the best small town it can be , " he said . Knowles told reporters Wednesday that the city is still analyzing the report . "  We continue to go through that report and talk about where the breakdown was , " he said . "  The chief , being an honorable man , decided we needed to talk about the way moving forward was with someone else . He left . " City officials , he said , still believe the Police Department can be reformed without being eliminated . "  The city of Ferguson looks to become an example of how a community can move forward in the face of adversity , " the mayor said . "  We are committed to keeping our Police Department and having one that exhibits the highest degree of professionalism and fairness . " When Jackson became Ferguson 's police chief in 2010 , it was supposed to be a relatively easy way to cap his career in law enforcement . After some 30 years with the St. Louis County Police Department , serving as commander of a drug task force and SWAT team supervisor , being a police chief of a smaller department should have been less stressful . The shooting of Michael Brown last year changed everything . Brown , an African-American teen , was unarmed when he was shot by a white Ferguson police officer . The incident exposed feelings of distrust between Ferguson 's black community and its police department , which is overwhelmingly white . Darren Wilson , the officer who shot Brown , wo n't face any criminal charges for the shooting . In November , a grand jury decided not to indict him . Last week the Justice Department said Wilson 's actions "  do not constitute prosecutable violations " of federal civil rights law . He resigned from the department in November , citing security concerns . But that has n't stopped criticism of the department from local residents and top federal officials . Even before the Justice Department report was finished , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said it was "  pretty clear that the need for wholesale change in that department is appropriate . " Critics have accused Jackson of inflaming tensions in the St. Louis suburb with his response to the shooting . Over the past six months , Jackson has defended his officers and vowed to work with the community . "  I intend to see this thing through . And I 've been working with a lot of community members to work on some progressive changes that will bring the community together and to open up dialogue and getting us all talking about serious issues and actually creating solutions to problems , " he told CNN in November . CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Protesters gather outside the Ferguson Police Department , chanting "  Fight back " Police Chief Thomas Jackson 's resignation is effective March 19 The city says he 'll get severance pay and health insurance for one year
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- During a swift pre-trial hearing Tuesday , a South African judge delayed Oscar Pistorius ' murder case for two months -- and warned that misconduct in the media could delay the process even longer . The hearing in Pretoria lasted only about 10 minutes . The magistrate granted the prosecution 's request to postpone the case until August 19 to allow for more time for the investigation . The judge addressed concerns Tuesday about the "  sanctity of judicial processes . " He said there appears to be a trial by media , which could result in contempt of court . The judge 's comments came days after photos of the bloody scene from Pistorius ' home were leaked to the media . The Olympic and Paralympic track star made his first public appearance in months during the hearing Tuesday . The judge ordered Pistorius re-released on the same bail conditions he had before . The double-amputee sprinter is charged with premeditated murder for killing Reeva Steenkamp , a model and law school graduate , on Valentine 's Day . The date for the murder trial could be announced on August 19 -- which , incidentally , would have been Steenkamp 's 30th birthday . No one disputes that Pistorius killed his girlfriend ; the point of debate is whether he intended to kill her . Pistorius has said he thought an intruder was inside his house . He said he ran on his stumps to the bathroom , where he shot through a door four times . It was only upon returning to his bedroom , Pistorius said , that he realized Steenkamp was not in bed and that she was actually the one in the bathroom . But prosecutors said the act was a premeditated murder -- that Pistorius had an argument with Steenkamp , put on his prosthetic legs , walked to the bathroom , and shot through the door , intentionally killing his girlfriend . The high-profile case against the Olympic athlete has strained the nerves and patience of some South Africans . "  They 've had so much time to prepare the case against Oscar , and now we are expecting nothing more than a postponement , " Gabi Zaharieva said shortly before the hearing . "  They really have to get going on this . " CNN Exclusive : Photos show Steenkamp 's transformation Taking refuge in uncle 's house Pistorius has been living at his uncle 's house in Pretoria for the past three months . He has grown a beard because he does n't want to be recognized and has surrounded himself with photos of Reeva Steenkamp , his uncle said . "  He 's got photos in his room , photos all over the place , " Arnold Pistorius told CNN 's Robyn Curnow . "  He 's housebound , you know . He does n't go out in public places . " Arnold Pistorius described the his nephew 's grief as unimaginable . "  What can you say if the person you love the most dies , and you were the instrument ? How would you feel ? It 's unthinkable . " Trouble with the investigation The police investigation into the killing has been beset by problems and scandals since the start . Hilton Botha , the original lead investigator , admitted during Pistorius ' bail hearing that police had failed to wear protective shoe covers at the crime scene because they had run out of them , and that it was possible evidence had been damaged as a result . Botha also drew audible gasps from the packed courtroom when he testified that testosterone had been found at Pistorius ' house , before being forced to admit that he had n't actually read the full name of the substance . The sprinter 's lawyers testified that the substance was an herbal remedy . The Paralympian 's lawyers also got Botha to acknowledge that investigators had failed to collect any evidence that counters Pistorius ' argument that he mistakenly shot Steenkamp . But police spokesman Phuti Setati said authorities are confident Pistorius will be convicted . "  Nothing will distract the detectives from the case . They will remain on course to make sure that they secure a murder conviction . " If convicted of premeditated murder , Pistorius could face life in prison -- which in practice typically amounts to 25 years , unless someone can prove extraordinary circumstances . But even if a judge finds him not guilty of premeditated murder , he could still face a charge of culpable homicide , which is based on negligence . The punishment for culpable homicide is at the court 's discretion . Not everyone surprised by Pistorius ' fall from grace CNN 's Robin Curnow reported from Pretoria ; Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse , Nick Thompson , Hamilton Wende , Susannah Cullinane and Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	The court granted the prosecution 's request to postpone the case until August 19 The Olympic track star is accused of premeditated murder in the death of his girlfriend Pistorius has said he thought he was shooting at a burglar
It 's called Godwin 's law . The longer a debate rages , the greater the likelihood that someone will compare someone else to Hitler . And Hillary Clinton has done just that : On Tuesday the former secretary of state reportedly told a private fund-raising party that Russian President Vladimir Putin 's actions are similar to Hitler 's in the run up to World War II . Her quote  according to the Long Beach Press-Telegram  : "  All the Germans that were ... the ethnic Germans , the Germans by ancestry who were in places like Czechoslovakia and Romania and other places , Hitler kept saying they 're not being treated right . I must go and protect my people , and that 's what 's gotten everybody so nervous . " Of course , what also gets everybody "  so nervous " is leading statesmen comparing Putin to Hitler and , thereby , raising the specter of another world war . It 's unlikely that Clinton intended to gain politically from these remarks -- and they were carefully qualified . She added that "  there is no indication that Putin is as irrational " as the German dictator was . But they could indicate that if she wins the 2016 election , America might gain a slightly more forceful president in foreign affairs , someone more willing to engage directly in Europe than Obama has . You may recall that in the 2008 primaries she was the Democrats ' hawk candidate -- so much so that Ann Coulter preferred her to John McCain  Coulter called her "  our girl "  . But was Clinton right ? Mostly no . It is true that Putin 's justification for intervention in Ukraine is similar to Hitler 's , that is , threatening to invade a sovereign territory to defend his ethnic brethren . But the situation is complex , and the historical comparison is tenuous at best . Opinion : Has Putin broken international law ? After all , in the eyes of many ethnic Russians , it is the Ukrainian nationalists -- not Putin -- who are the Nazis . The Russians have asserted , quite accurately , that the revolution that overthrew a pro-Russian , democratically elected leader has resulted in the elevation of Russophobe fascists into key government positions . For example , the new secretary of the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council is Andriy Parubiy -- co-founder of the Neo-Nazi Social-National Party of Ukraine  SNPU  . Another creator of the SNPU is Oleh Tyahnybok , a high-profile leader of the Kiev protests who has blamed Ukraine 's problems on a Jewish conspiracy run out of Moscow . Ukraine 's new deputy secretary of national security is Dmytro Yarosh , leader of the Right Sector group , which regards Tyahnybok as a soft liberal and which flies the old flag of the Ukrainian Nazi collaborators at its rallies . In other words , in this situation , who exactly are the Nazis ? Putin 's ethnic Russian nationalists ? Or the fringe of the ethnic Ukrainian nationalists ? Neither is particularly pleasant . Of course , the Ukrainian Nazi movement is small , and Ukraine is dwarfed by Russia , which puts Putin in the role of the dominant regional power picking on a small country and exploiting its extremist politics for the purpose of propaganda . But Putin is still no Hitler , because he lacks the German Fuhrer 's global vision . Opinion : Putin 2014 vs. Putin 2004 Hitler worked by an all-encompassing racist ideology that dreamed of turning Europe into a giant living space for his people . Putin -- the leader of a democracy , albeit a highly corrupt and politically stagnant one -- simply meddles in the affairs of countries that could reasonably be said to fall within his country 's historical sphere of influence . Ukraine was a part of the Soviet Union until two decades ago  whereas Crimea was part of Russia until 1954  , the country contains millions of ethnic Russians and , crucially , it has Russian military installations that are key to Russia 's strategic interests . In other words , a Russian invasion of Ukraine is not going to be a stepping stone to the invasion of France . Unfortunately , it may well be a stepping stone to involvement in the affairs of the Baltic states -- which are firmly in NATO and the EU . This is why Putin 's latest ambitions have to be checked . Nevertheless , calling Putin Hitler is careless . Even reckless . As Marc Tracy points out in the New Republic , it 's historically insensitive and ignores the tapestry of cultural clashes and political calculations going on . It smacks , too , of the Manichean division of the world between good and evil that permeated the war on terror and led to so many terrible mistakes and so many American deaths overseas . Worse , still , is that such provocative language should be applied to a confrontation with a state like Russia . We are dealing with a major power with nuclear weapons that has the capacity to reduce the world to so much irradiated ash . The West needs to be careful with its words .	Timothy Stanley : Hillary Clinton compared Putin 's Ukraine moves to Hitler 's in 1930s He says the comment was ill-considered ; Putin 's justification is similar , but not much else He says Ukrainian nationalists are more Nazi-like , and Putin not planning Europe invasion Stanley : If Putin eyeing Baltic states , which are in NATO , EU , his ambition must be checked
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu defended his government 's decision Wednesday to speed up construction in East Jerusalem . "  We will continue to build in Jerusalem . This is our right and obligation , " Netanyahu said at a Knesset memorial ceremony for former tourism minister Rehavam Ze'evi , who was assassinated by Palestinian militants a decade ago . "  This is not a punishment -- it is our national right to build our capital . I guarantee that we will never return to the situation we had on the evening of the Six Day War , " Netanyahu said . His remarks came a day after his government announced it was expediting construction of 2,000 housing units in East Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank and suspending the transfer of Palestinian tax revenue in wake of the Palestinian Authority 's successful membership bid at UNESCO , the U.N. cultural , science , and education agency . British Foreign Minister William Hague released a statement Wednesday condemning the Israeli measures and calling them "  a serious blow to the  Middle East  Quartet 's efforts to restart peace negotiations . " "  This settlement building program is illegal under international law and is the latest in a series of provocative and unhelpful settlement announcements , " he said in the statement . In Washington , White House press secretary Jay Carney said President Barack Obama 's administration was "  deeply disappointed " with Israel 's announcement . "  Unilateral actions work against efforts for direct negotiations " necessary to achieve a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict , Carney told reporters Wednesday . On Tuesday , a senior Israeli official said the planned construction involves 1,650 units in East Jerusalem and the rest in the West Bank settlements of Efrat and Maaleh Adumin . The construction will take place in areas that are expected to be part of Israeli territory in any future peace agreement , the official said , and there is no contradiction between it and the various peace plans that have been on the table . Palestinians claim the land Israel occupied in East Jerusalem and the West Bank after the 1967 war as part of a future Palestinian state . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has said repeatedly that the Palestinians will not return to negotiations until Israel halts all settlement construction and accepts the borders in place before the 1967 Six Day War . Israel , for its part , has maintained that negotiations should begin with no preconditions . "  You can not expect Israel to continue to be restrained when the Palestinian Authority leadership repeatedly slams the door in our face , " said the Israeli official , who was not authorized to speak to the media . As an example of a door slamming , the official cited the UNESCO bid and the effort to win membership in the United Nations among other instances of Palestinian actions that damaged prospects for a peace deal . The Israeli government has also put a temporary hold on the transfer of Palestinian tax revenue collected by the Israeli government , the official said . Palestinians rely on the revenue to fund government operations , including the payment of public sector salaries . Hague , in his statement , expressed concern about that as well , saying it would have "  direct implications for the Palestinian Authority 's ability to maintain effective security in the West Bank . " Nabil Abu Rudeineh , Abbas ' spokesman , criticized the Israeli construction announcement Tuesday , calling the decision one "  to accelerate the destruction of the peace process , " according to WAFA , the Palestinian Authority 's official news agency . Senior Palestinian negotiator Mohamad Ishtayeh also condemned the move . "  Two days ago , they  the Israeli government  announced the building of 1 million settlement housing units over the span of 10 years . What Israel decided today was another episode in settlement construction . Using the UNESCO Palestinian membership is only looking for excuses and another way of building settlement housing units . This fits within the overall plan which was announced two days ago before the UNESCO vote , " he told CNN . Separately on Tuesday , the permanent observer of the Palestinian Authority to the United Nations , Riyad Mansour , said he sent a letter to the U.N. secretary-general and the president of the Security Council about Israel . "  We write today to express our grave concern about the military escalation undertaken by Israel , the occupying Power , against the Gaza Strip , " he wrote . Within the past four days , Israeli airstrikes have killed at least 11 people and injured many more , Mansour said . Since Saturday , scores of rockets have been fired into Israel from Gaza , resulting in the death of one Israeli civilian and the temporary closure of schools and universities in the southern part of the country . The United States said Monday that it would cut funding to UNESCO after the agency voted in support of Palestinian membership . The vote , which required two-thirds approval by UNESCO members , passed with 107 in favor , 14 against , and 52 abstentions . It was the first such vote by a part of the world body and is separate from the Palestinian bid for full membership in the United Nations . After Monday 's vote , Palestinian officials told CNN they are considering the pursuit of membership in other international groups , such as the World Health Organization . "  Instead of sitting around the negotiating table , " Netanyahu said after the vote , Palestinian leaders "  have decided to make an alliance with Hamas and are carrying out one-sided endeavors in the U.N. , including today . We will not sit with folded arms against these measures which are hurting Israel and are violating bluntly the most basic obligations the parties took in the peace process , to solve the conflict between us through negotiations . "	NEW : The White House expresses disappointment at Israel 's move Netanyahu : "  It is our national right to build our capital " Abbas ' spokesman said the decision is "  to accelerate the destruction of the peace process " The announcement follows UNESCO 's approval of the Palestinians ' bid for full membership
Mitt Romney 's refusal to release tax returns in the critical years of his income accumulation has done little to dispel the legitimate concern that arises from hints buried in his scant disclosure to date : Did he augment his wealth through highly aggressive tax stratagems of questionable validity ? Opinion : Why wo n't Romney release more tax returns ? One relevant line of inquiry , largely ignored so far , is to examine what exists in the public record regarding his attitude toward tax compliance and tax avoidance . While this examination is hampered because his dealings through his private equity company , Bain Capital , are kept shrouded , there are other indicators . A key troubling public manifestation of Romney 's apparent insensitivity to tax obligations is his role in Marriott International 's abusive tax shelter activity , as previously reported by Jesse Drucker in Bloomberg . Romney has had a close , long-standing , personal and business connection with Marriott International and its founders . He served as a member of the Marriott board of directors for many years . From 1993 to 1998 , Romney was the head of the audit committee of the Marriott board . During that period , Marriott engaged in a series of complex and high-profile maneuvers , including "  Son of Boss , " a notoriously abusive prepackaged tax shelter that investment banks and accounting firms marketed to corporations such as Marriott . In this respect , Marriott was in the vanguard of a then-emerging corporate tax shelter bubble that substantially undermined the entire corporate tax system . Son of Boss and its related shelters represented perhaps the largest tax avoidance scheme in history , costing the U.S. many billions in lost corporate tax revenues . In response , the government initiated legal challenges that resulted in complete disallowance of the losses claimed by Marriott and other corporations . In addition , the Son of Boss transaction was listed by the Internal Revenue Service as an abusive transaction , requiring specific disclosure and subject to heavy penalties . Statutory penalties were also made more stringent to deter future tax shelter activity . Finally , the government brought successful criminal prosecutions against a number of individuals involved in Son of Boss and related transactions not associated with Marriott , including principals at major law and accounting firms . In his key role as chairman of the Marriott board 's audit committee , Romney approved the firm 's reporting of fictional tax losses exceeding $ 70 million generated by its Son of Boss transaction . His endorsement of this stratagem provides insight into Romney 's professional ethics and attitude toward tax compliance obligations . Like other prepackaged corporate tax shelters of that era , Marriott 's Son of Boss transaction was an entirely artificial transaction , bearing no relationship to its business . Its sole purpose was to create a gigantic tax loss out of thin air without any economic risk , cost or loss -- other than the fee Marriott paid the promoter . The Son of Boss transaction was vulnerable to attack on at least two grounds . First , the transaction 's promoters and consumers relied on a strained technical statutory analysis . Second , the Son of Boss deal violated the fundamental tax principle that the tax law ignores transactions unless they have a motivating business purpose and a substantial nontax economic effect . In the Marriott case , the IRS raised both arguments and won on the first interpretive issue . The Court of Claims  affirmed by the Court of Appeals  rejected Marriott 's technical analysis , finding no reliable argument or authority to support it . The court therefore did not need to reach the issue of business purpose and economic substance . In subsequent decisions , involving similar transactions but other parties , the courts have sustained the second line of attack as well , finding the claimed losses to be fictitious . The complete judicial rejection of the Son of Boss tax scheme was entirely predictable . In mid-1994 , for example , roughly contemporaneously with Marriott 's execution of its Son of Boss trade and well before Marriott filed its return claiming the artificial loss , the highly respected Tax Section of the New York Bar Association filed a public comment with the U.S. Treasury and IRS urging rejection of the technical claims made by promoters of such schemes . In his key position as head of the board 's audit committee , Romney was required under the securities laws and his fiduciary duties to review the transaction . In fact , it has been publicly reported that Romney was the Marriott Board member most acquainted with the transaction and to whom the other board members turned for advice . This makes sense because aggressive tax-driven financial engineering was a large part of what Romney  and Bain  did for a living . For these reasons , it is fair to hold him accountable for Marriott 's spurious tax reporting . Romney 's campaign staff has attempted to deflect responsibility , arguing that he relied on Marriott 's tax department and advisers . This claim is disingenuous . In a transaction of this magnitude , sensitivity and questionableness , the prudent step would be to secure advice to the audit committee and the board from experienced and independent tax counsel , who would certainly have cautioned that the Marriott position was risky and not supported by precedent or proper statutory interpretation . Moreover , on the key issue of the business purpose and economic substance , Romney was , or should have been , aware of the facts that the transaction had its genesis solely in tax avoidance and was a "  marketed " tax shelter . He had an insider 's perspective on the motivation and lack of substance in the transaction , as well as the financial sophistication to understand the tax avoidance involved . Romney failed in his duties to Marriott and its shareholders and acted to undermine the fairness of the tax system . No one could accuse Romney of lacking the intelligence and analytical skills to have dealt with this transaction appropriately . Indeed , his strengths in this regard were the reason the other board members relied on him . What emerges from this window into corporate tax compliance behavior is the picture of an executive who was willing to go to the edge , if not beyond , to bend the rules to seek an unfair advantage , and then hide behind the advice of so-called experts to deflect criticism when a scheme backfires . Reid puts GOP in a bind over Romney 's taxes	When Mitt Romney was audit chair at Marriott , company engaged in abusive tax shelter Peter Canellos , Edward Kleinbard : Marriott tie shows Romney 's professional ethics They say Romney displays a consistent highly aggressive attitude towards tax obligations Canellos , Kleinbard : Romney was willing to bend the rules to seek an unfair tax advantage
CNN  -- Thousands of green card applicants will no longer "  age out " and have to go to the back of the line if they turn 21 during the protracted U.S. immigration process , an appeals court has ruled in a defeat for the federal government . Wednesday 's narrow 6-5 decision , from the San Francisco-based U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , reverses earlier court rulings . The decision affects "  tens of thousands of families " -- specifically , the unmarried sons and daughters of those who waited for years as a parent sought a visa in the United States -- said Carl Shusterman , a lawyer representing the victors in the case . "  After 10 years and a lawsuit that 's gone on for years , these families are finally going to be back together , " Shusterman said . The ruling applies to those who were under 21 when their families came to the United States after being sponsored by a relative who is a U.S. citizen . Subsequently , their father or mother applied for a visa , at which time their children could be in line to receive a "  derivative visa . " Such visas are available only to spouses and unmarried children under 21 . So what happens when , as they are waiting for their status to be resolved -- often for years -- these children become 21 and older ? The federal government argued that , once those in the former group "  age out , " they should start again in a new phase in the process , with no credit for the time they waited originally for the derivative visa . This has been the case for years . People applying for green cards often wait through administrative delays for their petitions to be processed , as well as often longer periods waiting for one of a limited number of visas to become available . The current wait time for those seeking a green card in the F2B category -- for unmarried sons or daughters of a lawful permanent resident -- for Mexico , for instance , is about 20 years , according to this month 's Visa Bulletin published by the U.S. State Department . Congress stepped into the fray in 2002 with the passage of the Child Status Protection Act . Among other provisions , it stated that "  the alien 's petition shall automatically be converted to the appropriate category and the alien shall retain the original priority date issued upon receipt of the original petition . " In other words , people do n't lose their place in line after they turn 21 . The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services has contended in court that this legislation was unclear about to whom this language applies -- contending , for instance , that it is relevant for some groups but not those unmarried children who had been in line for derivative visas . Furthermore , the agency argued that changing the equation will unfairly affect those already waiting for a limited number of visas , by effectively skipping ahead of them  and making them wait longer  . The judges ' majority opinion , however , states that Congress ' intent in passing the Child Status Protection Act was "  to extend automatic conversion and priority date retention to all family-sponsored derivative beneficiaries . " Furthermore , they find complaints that changes will produce unnecessary and unreasonable problems for the Citizenship and Immigration Services are not valid . "  The plain language of the CSPA is not impracticable , " the judges said . "  It is the agency 's task to resolve ... complications , not the courts . " The Department of Justice did not respond immediately Thursday when asked for comment on the case . Shusterman speculated another recent federal court decision out of Texas that followed much the same reasoning as Wednesday 's ruling may have had "  a tremendous " impact in the 9th Circuit 's reversal . "  I 'm thrilled . We 've been fighting this for three or four years and not winning , " Shusterman said . In other cases , he contends , the federal government "  always credits for the time you stood in line . " But not all agreed with Wednesday 's ruling . Dan Stein , the president for the Federation for American Immigrant Reform , contends that if Congress "  had wanted indefinite eligibility regardless of age , they would have raised the overall number of visas in the category to prevent further increases in the backlog . " "  The court is substituting its judgment for that of expert administrative agencies , making the system even more dysfunctional , " Stein said in a statement to CNN . "  Immigration is a civil benefit , and either you are under 21 or you are not . "	9th Circuit Court of Appeals , by a 6-5 vote , reverses an earlier immigration ruling Sons and daughters once in line for "  derivative visas " wo n't lose their place after turning 21 "  These families are finally going to be back together , " a victorious lawyer says "  Immigration reform " advocate says ruling makes the "  system even more dysfunctional "
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Iranian nuclear negotiators arrived Friday and began consultations with Chinese and Russian counterparts on the eve of international talks on the country 's nuclear program , state media reported . Iran 's top negotiator , Saeed Jalili , has said he intends to bring "  new initiatives " to talks Saturday with delegates from the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council -- the United States , France , Russia , China , and Britain -- and Germany . That group has spearheaded diplomatic efforts to persuade Iran to rein in its nuclear program , which Iran has said is purely peaceful but which U.N. and Western leaders suspect of having military aims , including a possible nuclear weapon . On Friday , Iran 's official Press TV cited a source close to the Iranian delegation in reporting that Iran sees little encouraging coming from the remarks of European and U.S. officials ahead of the talks . Iran has been under increasing pressure to accept international demands to restrict its nuclear program , including a series of increasingly harsh economic sanctions imposed by European nations and the United States . Last month , Iranian officials signaled they were ready to engage with the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , over the issue . The European Union said Monday that Iran had agreed to Saturday 's talks in Istanbul . Iran suggested last week that one proposal may be a reduction in the amount of uranium it enriches to 20 % , but it was unclear Friday if such a proposal was still on the table . While the enrichment is n't enough to create nuclear weapons , which require a uranium content of 90 % or more , analysts and inspectors say it is step toward being able to create a nuclear weapon . Last month , the IAEA noted what it called a sharp and troubling increase in Iran 's uranium enrichment capabilities . Iran says the enrichment is for research and medical needs . As a signatory to the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , Iran has the right , like other countries , to enrich uranium for commercial and research reactors . But the same facilities that are used for peaceful enrichment can be used to enrich uranium for a bomb , and inspectors say they have not been able to fully gauge Iran 's intentions . IAEA inspectors traveled to Iran in January and again in February to discuss the issue but said Iran refused to grant inspectors access to a military base the agency believes may have been used to test explosives that could be used to detonate a nuclear bomb . Last month , IAEA director Yukiya Amano said the agency has credible information that Iran has engaged in "  activities relevant to the development of nuclear explosive devices . " On Thursday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton admonished Iranian officials to come to Istanbul willing to make progress on international demands . "  This is a chance for Iran to credibly address the concerns of the international community , " Clinton said . "  Iran , coming to the table , needs to demonstrate that they are serious . " A top Iranian religious leader , Ayatollah Mohammad Emami-Kashani , countered Friday that Western leaders should back off , according to the official Islamic Republic News Agency . They should , instead , "  react to Iran 's proposals logically and stop the current unconstructive accusations against the Islamic Republic , " IRNA quoted him as saying .	Iranian nuclear negotiators arrive in Istanbul , Turkey , for talks Iran could bring "  new initiatives " to the discussions , its top negotiator says State media says Iranian officials are not encouraged going into the meeting Iran is under intense pressure to rein in its nuclear program
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra dismissed calls by protesters for her to step down by Tuesday , saying she is open to talks to resolve demonstrations against her government that turned violent over the weekend . Yingluck said in a televised news conference that it would be unconstitutional for her to step down and that the door was open for negotiations . The leader of the anti-government demonstrations , Suthep Thaugsuban , on Sunday urged the democratically elected Yingluck to resign , saying he was giving her two days to "  return power to the people unconditionally . " He made the comments after a face-to-face meeting with the Prime Minister in the presence of military leaders . Suthep , a former deputy prime minister for the opposition Democrat Party , has called for power to be transferred to an unelected "  people 's council . " But Yingluck , who survived a no confidence vote in Parliament last week , is refusing to budge despite weeks of protests in the streets of the capital , Bangkok . Monday evening , a Thai court issued an arrest warrant for Suthep on a charge of insurrection . Worst unrest in years On Saturday , three people were killed and more than 60 wounded in clashes between protesters and Yingluck 's supporters -- the worst civil unrest in Thailand since a military crackdown on demonstrations in 2010 . On Sunday , police used tear gas to fend off demonstrators trying to force their way into the government headquarters . Many protestors had towels they soaked with water to hold over their mouths and eyes for the gas . Yingluck reiterated Monday that authorities would not use violence against protesters , but police appeared to be resorting to increasingly tough measures to keep demonstrators at bay . Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut said police at government headquarters had used rubber bullets in certain instances . The number of protesters in the area appeared lower than in recent days , but hardcore elements seemed to be among those who remained . Tear gas canisters , rocks and bottles of water were hurled back and forth across the barricades . The government headquarters , known as Government House , are a symbolic target for protesters . Amid the siege , Yingluck has decamped from the seat of government power to the police headquarters , said government spokesman Teerat Rattanasevi . Demonstrators , meanwhile , continued to occupy official buildings they had stormed last week -- the Ministry of Finance and another complex of government offices . But Suthep 's call for a civil servants to go on strike appeared not to have taken hold Monday . "  Governmental agencies are all functioning normally , " said Teerat . "  But of course , some offices that have been taken over by these protesters have to work from their temporary setups . " Thaksin 's influence Protesters say they want to rid Thailand of the influence of exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck . That 's an ambitious goal in a country where parties affiliated with Thaksin , who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand 's rural heartland , have won every election since 2001 . Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 , and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The current protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return . That move added fuel for critics who accuse Yingluck of being nothing more than Thaksin 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied . The military -- which removed Thaksin amid protests in 2006 -- has remained on the sidelines of the current crisis . Yingluck said Monday that she believes the military is taking a neutral stance . Chaos and commerce Although the demonstrations have brought chaos to certain pockets of Bangkok and prompted warnings from foreign embassies to avoid protest areas , everyday life has continued in much of the city . Some street traders have even adapted to service protesters needs . On Sunday , many people down the street from the barricades near Government House , just out of reach of the tear gas , were cooking by the side of the road . Others were driving through with pick-up trucks giving food to protestors . One enterprising vendor rode through the protest area selling ice creams in between volleys of tear gas . 10 questions : What 's behind the protests in Thailand ? Leading Women : Thailand 's first female PM Yingluck Shinawatra CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Paula Hancocks reported from Bangkok ; Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong	NEW : Thai court issues an arrest warrant for Suthep on a charge of insurrection Yingluck Shinawatra says the door is open for negotiations The protest leader on Sunday urged Yingluck to step down
CNN  -- "  Seldom set foot in your neighbor 's house -- too much of you , and they will hate you . " For the rival English cities of Liverpool and Manchester , familiarity , and proximity , as that quote from the King James Bible suggests , has indeed bred contempt . Where these two cities are concerned , there is a history of ill feeling . It is a rivalry that has been most bitterly played out on the football pitch between Liverpool and Manchester United but where bragging rights are up for grabs in even music and culture . English football faces litmus test of civility Over the years as the two sides met at Liverpool 's Anfield stadium or at United 's ground at Old Trafford , hostilities festered and grew . Cruel songs were sung about tragedies -- the Munich air disaster that affected United and the Hillsborough tragedy that has cast a pall over Merseyside -- supporters were mocked and players taunted . The ugly sideshow to inter-city sporting endeavour reached a crescendo last season over a dispute over racism and this Sunday the fires will be stoked once again when the two teams meet at Anfield . "  It 's one of the biggest rivalries in world sport , and those rivalries -- whether it 's Barcelona vs. Real Madrid or whoever -- thrive upon an element of spite , " explains author , and Liverpool native , Kevin Sampson . Down the rabbit hole : Depression in the Premier League "  There 's no doubt , though , that the Liverpool vs. Manchester United rivalry has deteriorated into hatred . " In almost every regard , there are alarming similarities between the two areas . Both have a proud industrial history , have made significant contributions to popular culture and are widely viewed as modern , forward-thinking cities . "  This is the ultimate irony , " said Sampson . "  With their proud working-class traditions , their enormous contributions to music , art , pop culture , sport and , above all , their global footballing legend , Liverpool and Manchester have set down a lasting international legacy . "  They have much more in common than either cares to admit . Perhaps that 's why the rivalry will endure . " Blog : Whatever happened to Rafael Benitez ? But this particular feud is about more than The Beatles vs. Oasis or The Hacienda vs. The Cavern Club . "  It goes back to the Industrial Revolution , " explains Manchester United Supporters Trust  MUST  chairman Gerard Shamash , referring to the construction of what was then the world 's largest ship canal in 1887 . "  Mancunians regard themselves as somewhat superior to Liverpool , perhaps unjustifiably but that 's the way we are , " added Shamash . Back on the football pitch , there has been only one winner in recent years . Scottish manager Sir Alex Ferguson arrived at United in 1986 with the expressed aim of knocking Liverpool , the undisputed force in English football at the time , "  off their f *** ing perch . " A quarter of a century later , Ferguson had clambered atop that perch as United won their 19th English title , overhauling Liverpool 's record of 18 . Meanwhile Liverpool 's quest for a 19th championship -- the Reds last won the league title 1991 -- has been the downfall of a number of managers , including club legend Kenny Dalglish and European Champions League winner Rafael Benitez . The consolation for Liverpool has come in the European Cup , now known as the Champions League , with the Anfield trophy cabinet showcasing European club football 's top prize on five occasions , compared to three wins for United . "  Both clubs believe they are the ` biggest ' in the world , " continues Sampson . "  United in terms of fanbase and revenue , Liverpool in terms of their folklore and success . " But in recent months , the rivalry between the two has raised questions over whether such tribalism is out of place in the 21st century . Liverpool striker Luis Suarez was handed an eight-match ban for racially abusing United defender Patrice Evra during a game between the teams in October 2011 . The issue dragged the two sets of fans even further apart , with each group launching a staunch defence of their player . When the two teams met again in February this year , the prematch handshake overshadowed the on-pitch action . Uruguay 's Suarez refused to accept the hand of the Frenchman he was adjudged to have racially abused . "  If Evra plays -- and his poor form suggests he may not -- he will endure a hostile reception no doubt about it , " said Sampson ahead of the meeting at Liverpool 's Anfield stadium . "  But the atmosphere at these matches is always intense . " In the moments before kick-off on Sunday , ahead of the 186th meeting between the two teams , Evra and Suarez will have an opportunity to set the mood -- and an example -- to the two sets of spectators . "  There is talk suggesting Evra will shake Suarez 's hand and vice versa , " said Shamash . "  I think it is time to move on . It would set the right tone . "  I sincerely hope they both bury the hatchet and there will be a handshake . " If ever there was a time for an air of reverence between the two clubs , it is now . Last week saw the release of an independent report into the Hillsborough Stadium disaster , a tragedy which saw 96 Liverpool lose their lives at an FA Cup semifinal in 1989 . The report absolved fans of any blame for the fatal crush , instead pointing to the authorities who failed to take the necessary preventative actions . The chant "  always the victims , never your fault " has been directed at Liverpool supporters by a small minority of United fans in recent times , but MUST outlined their opposition and strong disapproval for any anti-Hillsborough slurs . "  Nothing surprises me when it comes to football rivalries ... accepted norms are abandoned for 90 minutes , " added Sampson . "  Fans will fling anything at each other , so long as it lets them know how much they despise one another . "  In an ideal world Liverpool and Manchester United , as two clubs whose fanbases have known football 's tragic lows along with indelible highs , would set a better standard . " Coping with loss is something else which binds these two football institutions . United 's darkest hour arrived on a Munich air field in February 1958 . Matt Busby 's vibrant young team , hailed as "  The Busby Babes " , were stopping off in Germany following a European Cup tie in Belgrade , Yugoslavia . In snowy , slippery conditions , the plane crashed , killing 23 people and eight of the United team . Among the fatalities was Duncan Edwards , a 21-year-old midfielder tipped for superstardom who died in hospital 15 days after the crash . As with the Hillsborough disaster , a small minority of Liverpool fans have used the crash as a stick with which to beat United 's supporters . "  MUST will not have the slightest truck with anyone who suggests what happened at Hillsborough was n't a complete and utter failure of the state , " insisted Shamash . "  I can remember seeing all of the coffins coming home from Germany after the Munich air disaster , the number of people killed in that was substantial and it was n't as many as were killed at Hillsborough . "  I 've always felt what happened at Hillsborough was absolutely monstrous ... You would have thought there would be some sort of cross sympathy between supporters , but sometimes people do things before thinking . " Liverpool fans had been wrongfully blamed for the tragedy for over two decades , with police statements amended to remove any criticism of the authorities . When asked about his reaction to the report , Sampson replied : "  Relief that the truth is out there at last , delight that the families most affected by the tragedy can take steps towards a kind of peace with themselves . "  But there 's also anger that , as a people and a club , we were unfairly tarred for so long . It may take time for that to heal . " The healing process could be aided this weekend by a gesture of goodwill and support from the United fans in the away end towards their Liverpool counterparts gathered in the fabled Kop . United season ticket holder and journalist Paul Vallely suggests , in the ultimate show of sympathy , the club 's fans could sing Liverpool 's famous anthem "  You 'll Never Walk Alone " . "  United 's manager Sir Alex Ferguson had called for an end to the hostility between his club and Liverpool , " Vallely wrote in an article for The Church Times . "  He was not heeded by some . Perhaps he should remind his fans that when eight Manchester United players died in the Munich air crash in 1958 , Liverpool offered United five players so the Manchester club could finish the season . "  Ahead of the match between Liverpool and Man Utd on Sunday he needs to make a gesture of considerable magnitude . And on the day the United fans should know what to sing . "	Liverpool and Manchester United will meet in the English Premier League on Sunday The people of the two cities have been rivals for over 100 years Last week 's release of an independent report into the Hillsborough disaster adds to tension A racism row between Luis Suarez and Patrice Evra has also soured relations
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's president slammed President Obama on Saturday , saying officials in the Islamic republic are astonished over what they see as his interference in Iran 's disputed elections . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad chided President Obama on Saturday for "  meddling " in Iran . "  Did n't he say that he was after change ? " Ahmadinejad asked Iranian judiciary officials in a speech . "  Why did he interfere ? Why did he utter remarks irrespective of norms and decorum ? " His remarks are countering Western criticism of the June 12 elections , which the government said Ahmadinejad won in a landslide . Ahmadinejad spoke a day after Obama discussed the unrest in Iran during a news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Watch an author 's take on Iran " As the Iranian president spoke , Iran 's Foreign Ministry slammed the Group of Eight on Saturday for its criticism Friday of the post-election violence . The Group of Eight comprises Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , the United Kingdom , and the United States . Ahmadinejad 's remarks raised the issue of the new dynamics between longtime adversaries Iran and the United States . The Obama administration has made efforts to seek dialogue with the country 's regime but has been moved to toughen rhetoric in light of the unrest in Iran . "  They keep saying that they want to hold talks with Iran , " Ahmadinejad said . "  All right , we have expressed our readiness as well . But is this the correct way ? "  Definitely , they have made a mistake . They have revealed their intentions before the Iranian nation , before the world nations . Their mask has been removed . " Speaking to reporters on Friday , Obama said the violence used against demonstrators disputing the election results "  is outrageous . And despite the government 's efforts to keep the world from bearing witness to that violence , we see it and we condemn it . " He also said it was "  absolutely clear " that Ahmadinejad 's chief rival in the election , Mir Hossein Moussavi , has "  captured the imagination or the spirit of forces within Iran " and has become a representative of street protesters , who have clashed with security forces . Obama said he and Merkel "  share the belief that what 's happened in Iran is unacceptable when it comes to violence against its own citizens . " Watch how political cartoonists view the situation " "  I continue to believe that ultimately , it 's up to the Iranian people to make decisions about who their leaders are going to be , " he said Friday . "  But as I said this week and I 've said previously , a government that treats its own citizens with that kind of ruthlessness and violence and that can not deal with peaceful protesters who are trying to have their voices heard in an equally peaceful way I think has moved outside of universal norms , international norms that are important to uphold . " Obama on Friday was asked if he had thoughts about Ahmadinejad 's call that he apologize over claims of meddling in the elections or if Ahmadinejad "  should apologize for calling you someone like President Bush . " "  I do n't take Mr. Ahmadinejad 's statements seriously about apologies , particularly given the fact that the United States has gone out of its way not to interfere with the election process in Iran , " he said . He also said Ahmadinejad should "  think carefully about the obligations he owes to his own people . And he might want to consider looking at the families of those who 've been beaten or shot or detained . " Iran also criticized the Group of Eight foreign ministers for their remarks in Trieste , Italy , in a joint statement . "  We fully respect Iran 's sovereignty , " the joint statement reads , but "  at the same time , we deplore the violence that has erupted in the wake of the election and that has led to the death of Iranian civilians . " The ministers called on the government "  to guarantee respect for the grass-roots will expressed in the ballot box , " and voiced hope that "  a solution can be found through democratic dialogue . " Iranian media quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Hassan Qashqavi as expressing regret over the "  interventionist and hasty stances " of the ministers . Iranian officials underscored their position that the turnout was strong and the vote was conducted in a "  competitive and free atmosphere . " Some in Iran have criticized what they say was a denial of visas by the United States to an Iranian delegation intent on attending a U.N. conference about the world economic crisis . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said Saturday that on June 16 , Iran requested the return of a delegation 's passports without visas . Kelly said that Iran submitted applications for a large delegation on Tuesday , too late for the conference 's start on Wednesday . However , the department expedited the processing and issuance of seven visas for a smaller delegation led by Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki , Kelly said . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Iran 's president criticizes comments by U.S. counterpart "  Did n't he say he was after change ? " Ahmadinejad says of Obama Iran criticizes Group of Eight for condemnation of post-election violence State Department denies claim that Iranians were denied visas for U.N. conference
CNN  -- In Syria , not all rebels carry guns , some carry cameras . Charif Kiwan heads up Abounaddara , a collective of Syrian filmmakers who are hoping to affect change in how the Syrian conflict is portrayed , both by President Bashar al-Assad and the media at large . Abounaddara 's members -- all volunteer , all anonymous -- create short films , generally two to five minutes long , in which they give a voice to ordinary citizens . They try to capture the day-to-day lives of Syrians , whether they live inside the country , in a nearby refugee camp , or further abroad in exile . After editing , the films are posted to video-sharing site Vimeo every Friday . "  The idea is to make films that allow the universal viewer to feel something without knowing anything about Syria , " says Kiwan . The film 's subjects can be anybody -- a soldier with the Free Syrian Army , a widowed shopkeeper or a young woman arguing her right not to wear a veil . They , too , are anonymous ; their names are never revealed , nor are their locations . "  We try to make the viewer ask himself questions . We want to make him reconsider the representation of this conflict , " says Kiwan . "  There are anonymous men and women who are fighting for their freedom , no matter if they are Christian or Muslim , soldiers or loyalists . We just focus on the shared humanity and deep humanity that is in everyone . " Who shapes the narrative ? Kiwan believes that President al-Assad has been very savvy when it comes to managing his image and that of the war . A prime example is how the Syrian leader has depicted all rebels as "  terrorists " . "  Assad is saying , ' I am a good guy . I may be a dictator , but I am a gentleman fighting against Islamists . You may not like me , but support me , because we have the same enemy . ' He 's succeeding in making the world believe that 's the case , " he says . Since the conflict started over three years ago , Assad has set up an Instagram account that depicts him as the benevolent dictator -- kissing babies and waving to cheering crowds . He has also allegedly sought to control the information that leaves his country through internet blackouts , while the Syrian Electronic Army has tried to manage public opinion by hacking the websites and social media accounts of major news organizations , including The New York Times and Associated Press , and infiltrating them with pro-Assad missives . "  We do n't face the same dangers as journalists or citizen reporters , and we 're not fighting with weapons , but the regime views everyone who carries a camera as an enemy , so it 's still very , very dangerous , " says Kirwan . "  In Syria , the image can kill . It 's really true . " Kiwan equates Abounaddara with snipers , training their sights on the regime . "  When we started in 2010 , in order to film anything in Syria , you had to ask permission from the censors , " he says . "  Our idea was that if we used the internet , and did n't chose political subjects openly , the censor would n't see anything . " Making it difficult to care Abounaddara does n't rely on violence to get the message across . For Kiwan , a stronger message is one that does n't involve bloodshed . "  The mainstream media relies on images of people who have been wounded or killed , but then we as a people are associated with misery . It 's voyeurism , " says Kiwan . "  You make people more accepting of the destruction . They viewer thinks , ` OK , they are dying , but they are not like me . ' We believe that the only way to protect people is to show their image with dignity . Once you see them that way , you can feel their humanity , and you can not accept the situation as easily . " Getting noticed Abounaddara is starting to garner some attention of its own . "  Of God and Dogs , " a film in which a soldier in the Free Syrian Army confesses to killing an innocent man , won the Short Film Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival . A selection of shorts were also screened in London as part of the Human Rights Watch film festival . "  It 's important for us that we get recognized as film makers by our colleagues around the world , because this protects us from political tutelage , " says Kiwan .	Syrian film collective Abounaddara posts weekly short movies to Vimeo One of the shorts recently brought home a win at Sundance The filmmakers say they are ` snipers ' to the Assad regime
CNN  -- The family of a Georgia student suspended for the rest of the school year for hugging a teacher has filed an appeal with the school board , the teen 's mother told CNN on Wednesday night . Sam McNair , a 17-year-old high school senior in Duluth , Georgia , was suspended December 3 for sexual harassment . Surveillance video captured the hug in question , showing Sam placing his arms around the teacher and giving her a hug . The teacher then pushes him away . McNair told "  Piers Morgan Live " that he had hugged that teacher at Duluth High School before . "  Four or five times , " he said . "  I hug all my teachers . It 's to show appreciation for what they do for me . " He denied that the teacher had told him before to not hug her again . He also said that his lips and cheeks definitely did n't touched the teacher 's neck , as is alleged in a discipline report obtained by CNN affiliate WGCL . In a statement earlier this week , Sloan Roach , a spokesperson for the Gwinnett County Public Schools , told CNN , "  Hearing officers consider witness testimony , a review of the known facts , and a student 's past disciplinary history -- including long-term suspensions that result in alternative school placement -- when determining consequences . " "  If a parent has concerns about the outcome of a panel , he or she is entitled to appeal the decision to the Gwinnett County Board of Education , " Roach added . Since this is a discipline issue , the law prohibits the district from sharing details about the student 's situation or the student 's past discipline history , said the spokeswoman . McNair acknowledged he had also been suspended for lengthy periods in the seventh and ninth grades , but said the first incident was from a BB gun that another student placed in his bag , and the second stemmed from medicine a teammate gave him for an injury . He had a bad reaction and it caused a "  big school disruption , " he said . April McNair , Sam 's mother , said she was never notified that her son 's behavior this year was a problem . "  Sam is a lovable kid , " she said , adding that he treated everyone that way . She said an appeal was sent Wednesday to the school board . She remains concerned this will negatively impact her son 's future . "  This is his senior year , " April McNair said . "  You 've stripped that of him . " Sam McNair said he is more cautious about he now greets people and if they seem hesitant he passes on the hug . "  I make sure I present myself as a gentleman , " he said .	Mother says an appeal filed Wednesday Sam McNair , a senior , was suspended for sexual harassment He says he has never been told not to hug that teacher Mother says she was never told that her son 's behavior was a problem
CNN  -- Fidel Castro told a visiting American journalist that the "  Cuban model " no longer works , an apparent admission of failings in the communist economic model introduced by his revolution more than 50 years ago . "  The Cuban model does n't even work for us anymore , " Castro told Jeffrey Goldberg of The Atlantic in an interview last week . Goldberg published parts of the exchange on a blog Tuesday and Wednesday . Castro 's younger brother and successor , President Raul Castro , has said as much in numerous speeches since taking the reins of power in 2006 . More recently , he said that a full fifth of state jobs could be redundant and that the government would have to review its role in the country 's economy . A few small changes have already been introduced : allowing more private enterprise for farmers and barbers , for example . Goldberg said that Castro 's statement was in response to a question about whether the Cuban model was still worth exporting . "  Did the leader of the Revolution just say , in essence , ` Never mind ? ' " Goldberg wrote . The comments come amid speculation that the two brothers are divided on the economic issue and that Fidel Castro might not wholly support Raul 's changes . Fidel Castro has studiously avoided domestic topics in his many public appearances over the last couple of months . CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	Fidel Castro told a journalist that the Cuban model does n't work President Raul Castro has said as much in numerous speeches The comment was in response to question about importing Cuban model Fidel Castro has avoided domestic topics in most of his public appearances
CNN  -- In Hans Christian Andersen 's classic fairy tale , "  The Emperor 's New Clothes , " two swindlers promise an emperor new , beautiful clothes that are invisible to anyone who is unfit for their position , unjust or stupid . The clothes do n't actually exist , but the emperor pretends to see them anyway so it is not thought that he is stupid or unfit to be emperor . His followers and ministers do the same . It takes an innocent little child to say what no one else is willing to say : The emperor does n't have any clothes on . In the first presidential debate last week , the president had his emperor 's clothes moment in front of more than 60 million people . Complete coverage : CNN 's election center All the bright , beautiful robes of his presidency were reduced to nothing . He was unprepared , listless , and as James Carville said , he did n't look like he even wanted to be there . Clint Eastwood 's empty chair , which earned the ire of liberal pundits , now seems ever so prophetic . But Andersen 's tale does n't end there . When the little boy exposes him , the emperor turns a blind eye and says , "  This procession has got to go on . " Andersen concludes the story , "  So he walked more proudly than ever , as his noblemen held high the train that was n't there at all . " The procession went on this past weekend with the president 's noblemen , Robert Gibbs , David Axelrod and Paul Krugman , all taking to the Sunday shows to insist that the real grievance was not President Obama 's debate performance , not that he had no clothes , but that no one is calling Mitt Romney on his lies . Ah , the modern day twist -- the child is a liar ! The problems in labeling Romney a liar are several . First , he did not lie . His tax plan would not raise taxes on middle-class families . In fact , Princeton economist Harvey Rosen says the Obama administration is misrepresenting his study on Romney 's tax plan . Second , calling Romney a liar blatantly ignores the reality of the debate : the president 's missing clothes and his terrible performance . While more than 60 million people witnessed the debate , the only people ignoring the president 's performance are his advisers and his closest ideologues . For four years Obama has been cosseted and insulated by the friendly mainstream media . His lack of interest in taking hard questions from the media and the media 's lack of interest in asking hard question showed during the debate . He was unprepared for Romney 's aggressiveness and forcefulness . One can now only wonder how prepared he has been for the presidency these past four years ? Third , if Romney was such a blatant liar , why did n't Obama say anything about it on stage during the debate ? Obama could n't put together a cogent defense of his own policies , let alone go on the offensive against Romney , which leaves little substance or truth to the case that Romney is a liar . Or as Andrew Sullivan wrote , "  How do you erase that imprinted first image from public consciousness : a president incapable of making a single argument or even a halfway decent closing statement ? " Opinion : Five ways Obama can bounce back Fourth , the allegations of lies wo n't stick . As several commentators have said , Romney 's brilliant debate performance obliterated $ 100 million in negative ads against him . The Obama administration 's caricature of Romney , as well as much of the mainstream media 's , as a vulture capitalist monster who only cares about the rich , was shattered . The problem with caricaturing someone is that the caricature better fit . On debate night it did n't , and it wo n't fit going forward . Just how good was Romney 's debate performance ? In a CNN/ORC International Poll conducted right after the debate , 67 % of debate watchers said Romney won . In the most recent Pew Research poll taken after the debate , Romney now leads Obama 49 % to 45 % among likely voters . Just last month , Romney trailed by 8 points among this group . That 's an incredible 12-point swing less than one month away from the election . Romney 's supporters are more engaged by 15 points , and his favorable rating now surpasses Obama 's for the first time , 50-49 . On the question of which candidate would best "  improve the job situation , " Romney now leads Obama by 8 points . In September , Obama was winning likely female voters by 18 points . Now , Obama and Romney are tied among women at 47 , a remarkable comeback for Romney . Obama is reeling . His campaign is against the ropes . But if they think calling Romney a serial liar will make up the ground lost in the first debate , Obama may be even more unprepared for this presidential campaign than anyone thought . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Obama had his emperor 's clothes moment at first debate Bennett : President 's supporters are wrong to call Mitt Romney a liar He asks why did n't Obama effectively challenge Romney when on stage ? Bennett : Obama campaign is reeling , they 're trying to make up for lost ground
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Over the past year , searchers have taken to the woods , waterways and even the skies over Bolingbrook , Illinois . They 've looked , and then they 've looked again . Stacy Peterson disappeared on October 28 , 2007 , and police consider her husband the prime suspect . But there 's been no sign of Stacy Peterson , the 23-year-old fourth wife of former Bolingbrook police sergeant Drew Peterson . Police have named Peterson a suspect in his wife 's disappearance . He maintains he is innocent , and says she ran off with another man . The Peterson case has become a cable television staple and has spawned several books . But as Stacy Peterson 's disappearance approaches the one-year mark , police seem no closer to solving the mystery than they were on October 28 , 2007 . That morning , a Sunday , Drew Peterson , now 54 , says he awoke at his suburban tract home to find his wife gone . He says he received a phone call from her at 9 p.m. . She said that she was leaving him , Peterson says . Police confirm there was some activity on Stacy Peterson 's cell phone around 9 p.m. on October 28 , but her family and close friends say she would never leave her two children behind or go away without mentioning it to her family . In the days leading up to her disappearance , Stacy Peterson confided in friends and her sister . She said she was afraid of her husband and wanted to leave him , according to her sister , Cassandra Cales . "  If anything happens to me , he killed me . It was n't an accident , " Cales quoted her as saying . Watch how the case has unfolded " At 10 a.m. that Sunday morning , Stacy Peterson called a friend and scheduled an afternoon appointment . It was the last time anyone in her close circle of family and friends heard from her . She never showed up for the appointment , and was not seen or heard from again . Worried , Cales called the police that Monday , October 29 , and reported her sister missing . The media frenzy and police scrutiny soon revealed that Drew Peterson 's third wife had died mysteriously a few years before while in the throes of a nasty divorce . Kathleen Savio died just before the division of the marital assets was finalized , making Drew Peterson the sole beneficiary . Savio was found drowned in the dry bathtub of her home . At the time , the death was ruled an accidental drowning . But her family continued to insist that Savio died as a result of foul play . The investigation into Stacy Peterson 's disappearance brought renewed interest in Savio 's death . Authorities exhumed Savio 's body , further tests were conducted , and her death has now been ruled a "  homicide staged to look like an accident . " Witness statements that have been leaked to the media portray Drew Peterson as jealous , possessive and controlling . He was said to keep such close track of his wife that he frequently called her on her cell phone and appeared unannounced at social outings to take her home . This caused tension in the marriage , the witnesses told police . Police named Drew Peterson as the prime suspect in his wife 's disappearance in November 2007 . He has not been charged in the case , but he has been charged with illegal gun possession , which could put him behind bars for up to five years if he is convicted . Drew Peterson continues to insist that his wife left of her own accord and ran off with another man . Asked why he believes this , he responds that she called him and told him so . He also says that she had a number of younger male friends during their marriage . He adds that although it is embarrassing for him to admit it , he often had to deal with her flirtations . He paints himself as a victim left holding their household together and raising their children while living under an umbrella of suspicion and near-constant police and media scrutiny . Watch how he failed a lie detector test " The investigation remains open and police and family urge anyone with information about Stacy Peterson 's whereabouts to call 815-740-0678 or the family tip line : 866-847-5143 . A $ 35,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to Stacy Peterson or to the conviction of the person responsible for harming her . She is 5 feet 2 inches tall , weighs 100 pounds and has brown hair and brown eyes . She has a blue and yellow carnation tattoo on the small of her back and red cherries tattooed on her left front hip .	Stacy Peterson disappeared on October 28 , 2007 She was in a tumultuous marriage with a possessive husband , friends say Drew Peterson , an ex-cop , is prime suspect , but says she ran off Tip ? Call 815-740-0678 or the family tip line , 866-847-5143 .
CNN  -- UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown has branded the cholera crisis in Zimbabwe "  an international emergency " and called on the world community to confront President Robert Mugabe , leader of the central African nation . A shortage of clean drinking water has unleashed a cholera epidemic in Zimbabwe . "  This is now an international rather than a national emergency , " Brown said in a statement Saturday . "  International because disease crosses borders . International because the systems of government in Zimbabwe are now broken . There is no state capable or willing of protecting its people . " Earlier this week the government of Zimbabwe , which already suffers from severe economic problems and political instability , declared a national emergency following the outbreak , which has so far killed more than 600 people . Cholera , a water-borne disease , is on the increase in nine of Zimbabwe 's 10 provinces , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  warned . It blamed "  poor water and sanitation supply , a collapsed health system and limited government capacity to respond to the emergency . " Many of those afflicted with the disease have fled to neighboring countries to seek medical help -- which risks spreading the outbreak still further . Brown called on the international community to tell Mugabe "  enough is enough , " and suggested that the United Nations Security Council meet to discuss the issue . He added that the most pressing issue was to ensure that testing and rehydration equipment and packs reach the right people , as well as for aid agencies to set up a organizational structure in the state capital Harare to confront the disease . "  The people of Zimbabwe voted for a better future . It is our duty to support that aspiration , " Brown added . Brown 's comments came one day after U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that the outbreak is the latest sign that Mugabe 's rule over the country must end . "  It 's well past time for Robert Mugabe to leave . I think that 's now obvious , " Rice said during a visit to Denmark . Washington has long called for Mugabe to leave office , with President George W. Bush calling Zimbabwe 's runoff presidential election in June a "  sham " and instructing Rice and other U.S. officials to develop additional sanctions against Mugabe 's "  illegitimate government . " "  The United States will always do anything and everything that it can to help innocent people who are suffering , " Rice said . "  And we are not going to deny assistance to people in need because of their government . But if this is not evidence to the international community that it 's time to stand up for what is right , I do n't know what will be . And frankly , the nations of the region have to lead it . " Rice -- who has just about a month left in office before President-elect Barack Obama 's administration takes over -- also called on all African nations to speak up . Asked whether the United States and Europe should try to force out Mugabe , Rice responded , "  Well , without help in the region , it 's very difficult to have the tools that will bring about a just resolution in Zimbabwe . The United States and Europe ca n't do everything alone . Other states are responsible too . And the southern African states should be the most responsible at this point , because they have the most at risk . And the people of Zimbabwe have suffered long enough . " Supporters of Mugabe , who has come under heavy international criticism for several years , were accused of political intimidation following June 's presidential runoff vote . For months there have been some efforts to build a power-sharing government between Mugabe 's ruling Zanu PF party and the opposition movement for Democratic Change , led by Morgan Tsvangirai , to little avail . On Thursday , Mugabe hinted he may form a Cabinet without the opposition and call for early elections . The opposition responded that it would welcome a "  genuine election , " with international supervision . The 84-year-old Mugabe , who has led Zimbabwe since its independence in 1980 from Great Britain , also suggested he would ignore an international tribunal ruling that declared illegal his government 's seizure of farms from white Zimbabweans .	UK PM Gordon Brown calls for more to be done about Zimbabwe cholera crisis Cholera has killed 600-plus people in nation hit by hyperinflation , political unrest Condoleezza Rice Friday called on all African nations to "  speak up " about crisis UK , U.S. have led international pressure on Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- In the central plaza , there was once an orgy of music , street dancing and revelry unmatched by any other nation in the Americas , Haitians say . But where there was joy now sits a vast settlement of people left without loved ones , without homes , without life 's belongings . Haitians have celebrated Carnival through dictatorships , military coups and bloodshed . Popular belief was that if a government failed to deliver on Carnival , Haiti 's equivalent of Mardi Gras , it was sure to fall , said Marie Laurence Lassegue , Haiti 's minister of culture and information . But this year , the three-day festival has been canceled , another indication of the enormity of the earthquake 's devastation . Musicians fell silent , seamstresses stopped sewing costumes and ghostly skeletons of unfinished floats lay scattered on the outskirts of Port-au-Prince . A month after the devastating January 12 earthquake , the Champs de Mars plaza is home to the capital 's displaced , where thousands of people have eked out a tiny space in which to survive . Full coverage of the earthquake 's aftermath "  This is the first time Carnival is not happening , " said Roberto Martino , lead singer of popular Kompa band T-Vice . "  I do n't even think about music anymore . " Less than a week ahead of Carnival 's start on Sunday , revelry is replaced with mourning . The nation 's foremost concert producer , Charles Jubert , died . So did members of four bands who were practicing inside a studio that collapsed . Other musicians lost legs , arms and hands . They will not be able to play again . "  I do n't think we have time to think of Carnival , " Lassegue said . "  Maybe when we are finished crying . " Carnival 's three days of deliverance and celebration has tremendous importance in the lives of Haitians , Lassegue said . "  But this year ? I do n't even remember when it is . " Instead , the displaced are planning days of prayer . "  We 're living in a city that 's like a cemetery , " said Ronide Baduel , a nurse who lost her home and all her belongings in the quake . Her brother died and suddenly , she found herself far from her middle-class existence , relegated to a makeshift tent and burlap bags she uses for pillows at night . "  I had four good walls around me . Now I have four sheets , " she said . She goes to work with a big , black faux-leather purse containing toothpaste , soap and a change of underwear . There , she can bathe properly . "  We do n't know how many days , how many months , how long we will be this way , " she said . "  I am always stressed . It 's like living in a jungle . How can I dance at Carnival ? " Baduel and her tent community neighbors said the money that would have been spent on Carnival ought to be used to build housing . Nearby , the 44 members of Relax Band , who normally would be revving up their street performances in the days before Carnival , worried about their next meal . They played the Sunday before the earthquake , marching through the streets , getting ready for the big performance . Now , everything was gone , - including all their instruments that were crushed when band coordinator Ernst Beauvais ' house collapsed . A small stage emblazoned with the red and white logo of Relax Band now harbors a massive water bladder tank dropped off by an aid group and a few mattresses for slumber under the stars . "  It is one of the greatest tragedies to befall our country , " Beauvais said , pointing to the rubble of his house . He said it was the street band 's 30th anniversary ; the musicians were looking forward to showcasing their new song . Almost every band in Haiti debuts new pieces at Carnival . On the outskirts of town , the skeletons of three floats sit like ghosts , reminders of what might have come next week . One of the floats belongs to T-Vice . Brothers Roberto Martino and Eddy Viau would have been practicing with the rest of the band for their Carnival performance - -- it 's an honor to win top prize . "  If you have a good showing at Carnival , you 're set for the rest of the year , " Martino said . This year , the band had planned a soccer-themed show with a song called "  The End of the Match . " Instead it recently released "  Nou Pap Lage "  We Wo n't Give Up "  , dedicated to the victims of the earthquake . iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti Martino tried to sing a few verses . "  There are so many things going through my head , " he said . Overcome by emotion , he had to compose himself and start again . "  People are saying Haiti is finished , but no , no , no , we will rise up , " he sang softly . "  We will strive . We will rebuild Haiti . We will stand united . " "  Do n't be discouraged . There will be light at the end of the tunnel . My Haitian people . I will not let go . " iReport : Discussion of the carnival route Proceeds from downloads of the song are going to the nonprofit organizations Sow A Seed and MedShare . Music , Martino said , was so essential to Haitian life . But he did n't know when this rare silence would end ; when he would be able to write lyrics , put them to melody . "  We 're all so traumatized , " he said . Carnival , he said , was Haiti 's musical showcase . "  We 've lost our biggest tradition . Carnival was part of us . "	Less than week before Haiti 's Carnival celebration , revelry replaced with mourning Haitians have celebrated Carnival through dictatorships , military coups and bloodshed "  I do n't even remember when it is , " Haiti official says about upcoming three-day festival
CNN  -- After a string of real celebrity deaths last week , the Internet and online social networks killed a few more stars . Pop star Britney Spears was among those falsely claimed to be dead recently . Despite what you may have read , Jeff Goldblum , Natalie Portman , George Clooney , Britney Spears , Harrison Ford and Rick Astley are alive . Fake news of their deaths flew across the Internet -- particularly on online social networks like Twitter and Facebook -- after Michael Jackson , Farrah Fawcett and Ed McMahon were reported dead . The situation is calling attention to the changing state of the news media : As information online moves faster and comes from more sources , it 's more difficult to verify what 's true and what may be shockingly false . Some have downplayed the situation , saying the rumors are not harmful . Others find the situation offensive in light of the actual deaths last week . Internet-savvy readers can tell the difference between fake news and real information that has been verified by a trusted blogger or mainstream news reporter , said Gabriel Snyder , managing editor at Gawker , a celebrity news and gossip blog not associated with the rumors . "  It 's easier than ever to publish stuff , and the human condition is a complicated thing . Some people just like to be responsible for starting something , " he said , noting that the trend is not especially new . Others say the fake deaths , or "  death pranks , " show an inherent problem with the decentralization of news on the Internet . The man who claims indirect responsibility for several of the recent fake celebrity deaths is Rich Hoover , whose site , fakeawish.com , allows users to input celebrity names into five false news templates with outlandish stories about their deaths . Hoover said the site 's fans used its story-generation power to start rumors that Goldblum , Ford , Portman and Clooney had died . Traffic on his site jumped from a few thousand users per day to about 500,000 in the two days after Michael Jackson 's death , he said . A fake story that appears to have been generated by the site claimed that Portman had died after falling off a cliff in New Zealand . But while a small disclaimer tells readers the story is false , Hoover said many Twitter and Facebook users re-post links after reading only a story headline . "  I 'm absolutely flabbergasted by the success of this and the impact these social networks have on communication -- and the communication of misinformation , " he said . About 85 percent of the recent traffic on Hoover 's site came from Facebook and Twitter , he said , adding that the traffic does help him make money . CNN could not independently verify that the celebrity rumors started from Hoover 's site . CNN 's user-generated news community , iReport.com , was criticized for spreading celebrity death rumors following Michael Jackson 's death . One of the site 's users sent in a post saying Astley had died . That false news about the singer of "  Never Gon na Give You Up " was not aired on CNN or CNN.com , both of which vet iReports for accuracy before using them in reporting . For pop star Spears , the recent false news came across Twitter , a micro-blogging site where users post 140-character messages . After a post said Spears had died , a correction was posted to her Twitter feed on Sunday , saying "  Britney 's Twitter was just hacked . The last message is obviously not true . She is fine and dandy spending a quiet day at home relaxing . " News surrounding deaths is very sensitive and must be correct , said Elaine Haney , president of tributes.com , an obituary site that verifies deaths , often through funeral homes , before posting . "  You never want to kill somebody by accident , " she said . She added , "  I do n't think there 's much good to say about somebody who would joke about something serious like that . It 's unfortunate . " The fake news may not be all bad for celebrities . Goldblum , for example , went on Comedy Central 's "  The Colbert Report " to dispel rumors that he had died . In the episode , host Stephen Colbert jokes that he thinks Goldblum is dead even as the actor appears on stage beside him . Goldblum then posts to Twitter to try to prove that he is still living . "  Oh my God ! Ladies and gentlemen , I have huge news , " Colbert says , upon reading Goldblum 's tweet on his phone . "  The dead can Twitter . " Goldblum then reads his own false obituary into the camera .	Online news stories falsely claimed some celebrities had died The rash of fake celebrity news followed Michael Jackson 's death last week Some say social media fanned the flames of the rumors Founder of a fakeawish.com claims indirect responsibility for several rumors
CNN  -- Cicely Tyson 's return to Broadway after three decades earned the actress a Tony on Sunday night . Tyson 's acceptance speech for best actress in a play was an emotional highlight of the American Theatre Wing 's 67th annual Tony Awards broadcast live from New York 's Radio City Music Hall . Pop singer Cyndi Lauper won a Tony for writing the 15-song score for "  Kinky Boots , " which led the night with six Tonys . Neil Patrick Harris did n't carry home a trophy , but he did carry the show in his fourth year as a singing-dancing host . Harris ' opening number included scores of performers from current Broadway shows -- and a cameo by boxer Mike Tyson , who stars in his one-man show "  Undisputed , " singing and dancing in a white tux . His musical tribute to Broadway , which has been a trademark for Harris , including a disappearing trick straight out of David Copperfield 's Vegas show . "  We sing live eight shows a week , check it , " Harris sang . "  We do n't need close ups to prove we 're singing live . " Harris did provide a gross-out moment by tongue-kissing Sandy , the dog from "  Annie . " "  You do know I 'm in a relationship , right ? " he said to the dog . It appeared to be an unrehearsed moment spurred by Sandy 's affectionate licking of Harris ' face . Harris ended the show with another trademark -- a closing "  Tony hits lists " rap written as the show progressed . Tyson 's elegant acceptance was at the top of the list . Her best actress Tony is for her portrayal of a widow returning to her hometown in "  The Trip to Bountiful . " "  It 's been 30 years since I stood on stage , " Tyson said . "  I really did n't think it would happen again in my lifetime and I was pretty comfortable with that , except that I had this burning desire to do just one more . One more great role , I said . I did n't want to be greedy . I just wanted one more , and it came to me with no effort on my part . " She did n't miss a beat when the orchestra began playing "  Give My Regards to Broadway " -- the musical cue that her 75 seconds was up . "  Please wrap it up , it says , " she said . "  Well , that 's exactly what you did with me . You wrapped me up in your arms after 30 years and now I can go home with a Tony . " Tyson is 79 , according to her official biography . Some news reports put her age at 88 . Lauper 's Tony win puts her in the exclusive "  G.E.T. " club of performers who have a Grammy , Emmy and Tony . "  I ca n't say I was n't practicing in front of the shower curtain for a couple days for this speech , " she said . "  I want to thank Broadway . " Lauper also performed "  True Colors " while surrounded by candles for the show 's "  in memorium " tribute to theater veterans who died in the past year . "  Kinky Boots " star Billy Porter won best actor in a musical for his role as a drag queen in a shoe factory . If it had been a category , Porter also would have won for most excited acceptance speech , in which he said seeing "  Dreamgirls " as a child was a big inspiration for his career . Two-time Oscar winner Tom Hanks brought Hollywood star power to the theater , but his "  Lucky Guy " role -- nominated for best actor in a play -- was not lucky enough to win . Tracy Letts , who already had a Tony as a playwright , won the category for playing George in the revival of "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? " While "  Motown The Musical " lost out in all four categories for which it was nominated , the show likely gained fans with the musical medley performed by its cast during the Tony Awards . It included a spot-on replica of a young Michael Jackson and the Jackson 5 .	Cyndi Lauper gets a Tony to go with her Grammys and Emmy Lauper 's "  Kinky Boots " wins big with six Tonys Sunday night Neil Patrick Harris carries the show with song , dance and kissing a do "  I can go home with a Tony , " Cicely Tyson says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani Defense Minister Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar is free to travel outside the country , Pakistan 's government said Friday a day after blocking his departure and sparking a national incident . There are 53 Pakistani individuals reinstated to an Exit Control List this week which prevents them from leaving the country -- but Mukhtar is not one of them , the National Accountability Bureau said . The confusion stems from a list , dating back several years , that prevented some government officials facing corruption charges from leaving the country . In October 2007 , the country passed the National Reconciliation Ordinance , which provided amnesty to about 8,000 people facing various offenses , said Mohammed Afzl Sindhu , Pakistan 's minister of state for law and justice . Among them were about 30 politicians . Those who had been on the Exit Control List were given amnesty and could travel . On Wednesday , Pakistan 's Supreme Court struck down the ordinance . The 17-judge court said the amnesty "  seems to be against the national interest " and "  violates various provisions of the Constitution . " Following that decision , the government restored the names of 53 people to the Exit Control List , said National Accountability Bureau spokesman Ghazni Khan . Mukhtar was among the officials protected by the ordinance -- but Pakistani officials say he was not among the 53 people on the Exit Control List . He was about to leave on an official trip to China on Thursday when immigration authorities told him he was on the Exit Control List . He said he raised the issue with the offices of the president and prime minister . "  It is clarified that the name of Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar was not included in that list of 53 persons , " Khan said Friday . The National Reconciliation Ordinance , passed under then-President Pervez Musharraf , covered alleged wrongdoing between 1986 and 1999 . Among those protected by the order -- which expired last month -- were Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari and his wife , former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . Also on the list were bureaucrats , bankers , retired military officials , and low ranking government officials , Sindhu said Friday . With the order lifted , corruption charges against some officials will now proceed , Pakistani authorities said . An accountability court in Karachi summoned Interior Minister Rehman Malik to appear on January 8 , 2010 regarding an outstanding corruption case against him , said Malik 's attorney , Khawaja Naveed Ahmed . Ahmed added that 51 others have been summoned to court in Karachi . Atiq ur Rehman , spokesman for the National Accountability Bureau in Lahore , said the cases of 80 people accused of corruption and misuse of power have been reopened and sent to accountability court for further processing . They include include Jahamgir Badar , who is the secretary general of the Pakistan People 's Party , and Nusrat Bhutto , mother of assassinated former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . CNN 's Samson Desta contributed to this report .	Defence Minister Mukhtar is free to leave Pakistan after initally being denied Mukhtar was wrongly put on an exit control list which prevented him from leaving the country Confusion stems from a list that prevented officials facing corruption charges from leaving .
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho -- "  The Special One . " Alex Ferguson -- "  The Hairdryer . " Cristiano Ronaldo -- "  The Prodigal Son . " The Oscars are n't until February 24 -- but the latest Champions League blockbuster and its all-star cast did n't disappoint . The intrigue , the subplots , the glitz and glamor of two European giants steeped in glorious history . This had everything . The master and the apprentice ably played by Ferguson and Mourinho . The love affair between the two , the cozy drinks and the bottles of red wine , the terrible children cast as Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney . The best of "  frenemies " is how the pair are described . If only Ferguson had n't admitted to leaving his finest claret on the airplane . Enter stage left , Real Madrid -- the nine-time winner of the European Cup led by the man who once wore the red of United with such distinction . Ronaldo fires warning to former club Manchester United Ronaldo -- all $ 124 million of him -- is the man who lives a movie star existence , scoring goals for fun , 183 in 180 appearances since his move from Manchester in 2009 . Real , the first club to ever break the $ 650.5 million revenue barrier in a single year and the most successful club side in the history of European football . Then of course there 's Mourinho , the man constantly linked with a move to Manchester when Ferguson eventually retires . Suave and sophisticated with his film star looks , Mourinho 's departure from England in September 2007 is still mourned to this day . A natural on camera , a wonderful way with words and his ability to charm , made him a favorite with the country 's football aficionados . With Real 16 points behind Barcelona in the Spanish league and Mourinho already stating that his next club will be in England , perhaps this duel with Ferguson could be considered an audition . ' I hate my social life , ' says Mourinho If so , then perhaps it is the elder statesman who holds the aces . Ferguson has always claimed that United 's three European titles are not enough for a club of its magnitude . Whether his team will add to that collection this year remains open to question , but after securing a 1-1 draw at the Bernabeu , United will retain lofty ambitions . This contest had everything . There were goals -- Ronaldo scoring against his former club -- moments of controversy , world-class saves . Ronaldo admits Real 's Champions League ` anxiety ' It was pulsating , breathless , two heavyweights of the beautiful game slugging it out at the very highest level amid one of the most dramatic settings in world football . A cauldron of noise and expectation greeted the players and yet , in one single movement of Danny Welbeck 's head , the Bernabeu was silenced . Rooney , on the periphery of the action for much of the night , sent in a corner and the young England striker rose highest to plant a header into the far corner -- only his second goal in 28 games . First blood to United So many had predicted Real would use their attacking prowess to blow holes in a United side deprived of warrior-like defender Nemanja Vidic . But this is Manchester United -- this is a club which knows how to fight , to survive when the odds are stacked heavily against it . It may not be able to match the nine European titles of Real , but this is a club which has made the final in 2008 , 2009 and 2011 on top of its three successes . Real Madrid , Barcelona or Manchester United : Which is the biggest club ? Real 's history and appeal worldwide is well known , but United are catching up both on the pitch and off it . Finacially , United continue to reach new audiences and according to Austin Houlihan , Senior Manager in the Sports Business Group at Deloitte , the club is on track to overhaul the Spaniards . "  Manchester United continue to successfully leverage their global brand , " he said following the publishing of the annual Football Money League table . "  The new world-record seven-year shirt sponsorship deal with General Motors will double the revenues the club receives from its shirt partner in the first season of the new deal in 2014-15 . "  This combined with new Premier League broadcast deals from 2013-14 , which will deliver incremental distributions of between # 20 million  $ 31.7 million  and # 30 million  $ 47.5 million  per club , will help Manchester United push the two Spanish clubs above them , for a top two ranking . " While money matters , there can be no doubt that the biggest bargain was Real 's decision to throw piles of cash at United for Ronaldo . It was his equalizer on 30 minutes which caught the eye , his ability to hang in the air and generate an unfathomable amount of power to head the ball into the net remains a joy to behold . From there on it was simply wonderful to watch . Robin van Persie hit the crossbar and had another effort hacked off the line , while the much-maligned David De Gea produced an astonishing performance in the United goal , fending off every effort which came within his grasp . How Manchester United tried to drown the stars of Real Madrid in 1957 Both teams had opportunities , Real might have even been reduced to 10 men had the referee not afforded Raphael Varane a huge let-off for his foul on Patrice Evra as last man . The sequel at Old Trafford on March 5 can not come quickly enough following this latest installment in the fascinating duel between the master and his apprentice . Mourinho will remember all too well how he danced down the Old Trafford touchline when Porto shocked United back in 2004 on the way to winning the competition . This tie is not over . "  They defended well and the result is open , " Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  If you ask me percentages , I do n't change one single number -- 50/50 . "  We can score more than one goal there . They had two big chances in the second half , but chances out of context because we were chasing the game and they were just defending . "  This is the Champions League and there are two matches , home and away . They did their match and they did it well . " United , unbeaten in the past 16 matches and 12 points clear at the top of the Premier League , will now hope to make home advantage count n the second leg . "  There were a lot of incidents in the game , " Ferguson told Sky Sports . "  We had lots of chances in the match and played some good attacking football at times but we did not get the possession we should have had . "  Real won possession without question , but it takes us back to Old Trafford with a great chance . "  It will be very open . I think we 'll score at Old Trafford . We have a big job on our hands but it is definitely within our grasp . " Deaths reported in Ukraine plane crash In the night 's other last-16 game , Borussia Dortmund had to twice come from behind to secure a 2-2 draw at Shakhtar Donetsk . A minute 's silence was held following reports that four people died when a plane made an emergency crash-landing in Ukraine according to the Russian news outlet , state-run RIA Novosti . The Donetsk-bound charter flight was reported to be carrying football fans from Odessa to Donetsk for the contest . Once the game did get under way , Shakhtar took the lead through Croatia captain Darijo Srna before Poland striker Robert Lewandowski brought the German visitors level . Young Brazilian midfielder Douglas Costa restored the home side 's lead only for Germany center-back Mats Hummels to level late on . "  It is important that we are going into the second leg level and a 0-0 would see us through , " Hummels told reporters . "  Certainly there were a few dangerous moments in defense , but against such an attack-minded team you can never avoid this . "	Real Madrid held to a 1-1 draw by Manchester United in the first leg of its last-16 tie Cristiano Ronaldo scored against his former club after Danny Welbeck had put United in front Borussia Dortmund recorded a 2-2 draw at Shakhtar Donetsk German side came from behind on two occasions to claim crucial away goals
CNN  -- Matt Sandusky , his wife and four children have filed a motion to have their names legally changed , court documents in Centre County , Pennsylvania , show . Details regarding why they requested the name changes are not available because the file is sealed . Sandusky is one of six adopted children of Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted in 2012 of sexually abusing 10 boys in a 15-year period . He is currently serving more than 30 years in prison . Jerry Sandusky tries to discredit witness from prison Matt Sandusky originally denied being abused by his adopted father , but during jury deliberations , he admitted to his attorney that he , too , was a victim of the disgraced former Penn State assistant coach 's abuse . In a 2012 interview with police , Sandusky said his family was the reason he revealed his stepfather was abusing him . "  They can really have closure and see what the truth actually is , " he said . Matt Sandusky 's birth mother lost a case against Jerry Sandusky to gain legal custody of her son when he was a child . Sandusky 's son fits pattern of other alleged victims	One of Jerry Sandusky 's six adopted children requests a name change Matt Sandusky 's wife and four children join him in the request Matt Sandusky admitted his stepfather abused him during jury deliberations
Mashable  -- Back in December , Facebook introduced its new profiles to the world . For the first month , users could choose between the new profile and the old profile . Starting today , all accounts will be upgraded to the new profile . The new Facebook profiles feature a revamped interface , as well as easy access to photos of the user . The profiles also offer more details about work and education information , while letting users put friends into distinct categories , list various interests , and fill out a nifty new "  about me " user summary . We 've already seen some fantastic examples of creative Facebook profile photo hacks that really showcase just how unique and inventive these profiles can be with a little work . If you have n't already customized a new Facebook profile page for your own account , be sure to check Mashable 's guide on the subject . Beverage maker Schweppes also has its own profile app that can aid in the customization process . For those users who preferred the old interface , we ca n't really offer you any alternatives , but remember this is Facebook . Chances are , the company will revamp this interface again anyway . Are you already using the new Facebook profiles ? Have you run across any epic profile hacks ? Let us know in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Starting today all Facebook profiles will be upgraded to the new profile New profiles have a revamped interface that includes easy access to photos Profiles also offer more details about work and education information
CNN  -- No American family embodies mainstream Republicanism more than the Bushes , noted a New York Times article this year . For three generations , Bush men have occupied towering positions in the party pantheon , and the party 's demographic and ideological shifts can be traced through the branches of the Bush family tree : from Prescott , the blue-blooded Eisenhower Republican , and George H.W. Bush , the transitional figure who tried and failed to emulate the approach of the New Right , to George W. Bush , who embodied the new breed of tax-cutting , evangelical conservatism . Indeed , the Bushes ' metamorphosis from genial centrism to deep-fried conservatism has both anticipated and reflected the party 's trajectory . But now , Jeb Bush , a potential 2016 presidential candidate , seems to be bucking the trend . He is seeking to return the party to its ideological moorings -- toward the centrism of his grandfather . Even before the GOP 's ignominious defeat in November , Jeb was offering tough love to his party , suggesting that Republicans stand up to Grover Norquist and craft a bipartisan compromise to reduce the deficit significantly . But will Republicans listen ? There are many reasons to believe they wo n't . Prescott was a Manhattan investment banker who called himself a "  moderate progressive . " In the 1952 primary between conservative presidential candidate Sen. Robert Taft and moderate Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower , Prescott chose Eisenhower -- and became the president 's favorite golf partner . Prescott rode Eisenhower 's coattails into the Senate , where he focused on urban renewal , spearheading the 1954 Housing Act . An early proponent of the line-item veto , he received national recognition as an advocate of fiscal responsibility . Prescott 's son George H.W. left for West Texas in 1948 when Texas was still a one-party state . But change was afoot in the South , and by the time H.W. ran for U.S. Senate in 1964 , he encountered a flourishing Texas Republican Party that had recently elected its first U.S. senator by attracting hordes of conservative Democrats . But the new rank-and-file Republicans were nothing like the Connecticut Republicans he knew -- or even like those in the Houston suburbs . Biographer Richard Ben Cramer imagined H.W. 's vexation at this new breed of Texas Republican : "  These ... these nuts ! They were coming out of the woodwork ! They talked about blowing up the U.N. , about armed revolt against the income tax . ... The nuts hated him . They could smell Yale on him . " Recognizing that his 1964 primary campaign would need to be more Goldwater than Rockefeller , he ignored the social problems Prescott had addressed . "  Only unbridled free enterprise can cure unemployment , " H.W. asserted , contending that government bore no responsibility for alleviating poverty . Though he lost , he began the transition to Sunbelt conservatism that would make him  barely  acceptable to Ronald Reagan as a running mate . But he never fully evolved : He famously reneged on his "  no new taxes " pledge . His son George W. would complete the transition . George W. 's first major legislative accomplishment as president was the enactment of a massive $ 1.6 trillion tax cut . He rode roughshod over the green-eyeshade types to pass a massive tax cut . When it produced runaway deficits , he accepted Dick Cheney 's argument : "  Reagan taught us that deficits do n't matter . " In adopting Sun Belt conservatism -- sometimes clumsily -- George H.W. and George W. anticipated the Republican Party 's ideological shift . Hence , in evaluating Jeb 's prescriptions for fiscal responsibility , today 's Republicans should recall the Bushes ' past political palm reading . Politics is about addition , not subtraction . Every year , as Republicans maintain the electoral coalition that responds to their platform , they face an inevitable subtraction from their base . That 's because unyielding stances on taxes and deficits practically guarantee that young voters will continue opposing them , and the  older and whiter  constituencies who favor them shrink as a percentage of the electorate . Republicans who believe they can continue to win with their current coalition are like rats who believe they can outrun a treadmill . As the nation approaches $ 16 trillion of debt and grapples with the baby boomer retirement , young voters will grasp that every dollar spent on entitlement programs is a dollar paid by already-strapped young workers . That may well push young voters to support the party with the most credible deficit-reduction plan . According to 2012 exit polls , 60 % of young voters  aged 18-29  supported President Barack Obama . Young voters also made up a slightly larger share of the electorate than they had in 2008 . This is a huge problem for Republicans for three reasons . One , people tend to vote with higher frequencies once they hit their 30s . Two , generational cohorts tend to stick with the party they supported in their formative years . And most obviously , young voters are more likely to be around to vote in the future . If it were just about math , Jeb could convince the party to adopt what polling shows are clearly winning positions . But as the work of scholars Gary Miller and Norman Schofield suggests , it 's not a linear equation : It 's about momentum and intensity within the Republican coalition . That 's because the newest entrants to a party 's electoral coalition are usually its most robust -- and the hardest to roll in intraparty skirmishes . For Republicans , it is the mostly white and older tea partiers , who block electorally beneficial positions on taxes . The next newest entrants to the coalition are Christian conservatives , many of whom also strongly oppose tax increases . Fiscally conservative and socially progressive Rockefeller types are the oldest group , but they 've been leaving the Republican Party for decades . Whereas many of them supported Republican congressional candidates in the 1970s , far less did by the 2000s . So while this group is the easiest to persuade of the need for adjustments  indeed , many already share Jeb 's views  , they hold the least sway in the party . What does all this mean ? American parties since the Civil War have periodically shed the coalition elements that are most distant from their activist base . While Jeb 's prescriptions are in the party 's long-term interest , they will be difficult to execute , given the strength of the party 's coalition members . Can Jeb sway a resistant party base ? It 's quite possible : His family 's odyssey has reflected the party 's shifts for 50 years , and he 's uniquely positioned to convince his peers . If Republicans listen , it will constitute a return to their roots -- and a reckoning with demographic reality . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Smith .	Jeff Smith : No American family embodies Republicanism more than the Bushes Smith : Jeb Bush , a potential 2016 presidential candidate , may be bucking the trend He says Jeb Bush advocates for fiscal responsibility and standing up to Grover Norquist Smith : If GOP can return to its more centrist roots , then it has a chance to win more voters
Barcelona striker Lionel Messi says he wants to stay at the club until he retires on the day it was announced he again leads the nominations for the prestigious Ballon d'Or . The award anoints the world 's best footballer and the Argentinean has won it the last three years in a row . Messi picked up another award on Monday -- the Golden Boot -- after his 50 goals in the Spanish league for Barca saw him crowned the highest scorer in European club soccer for the 2011/12 season . And with 73 goals to his name in 2012 already , Messi is the strong favorite to beat the likes of Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo , Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba as well as teammates Andres Iniesta and Xavi to take the top prize . After collecting the Golden Boot Messi told Barca 's official website : "  I 'm very thankful to Barca because they gave me a chance to realize my dream . "  My dream is to be a Barca player when I retire . The most important thing is that I continue to grow at Barca and I 'd like to continue growing until the end . "  This is a group prize " he added . "  I always say that when an individual wins something like this . That 's a fact , and this one more than any . It is a prize for scoring goals , but I 'd never have done it without my teammates . " Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney is the sole English representative on the list , which also includes Spain 's World Cup winning captain Iker Casillas . Atletico Madrid 's Colombian striker Falcao is also included , as is PSG striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Manchester City 's Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure . Chelsea 's Champions League-winning coach Roberto Di Matteo is among ten managers vying for the World Coach of the Year title . Jose Mourinho , who led Real Madrid to the Spanish league title is on the list , as is Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini , who masterminded their first English league triumph in 44 years . Messi remains the star name on the players ' list though , as his goalscoring exploits continue to strengthen his formidable record . He is closing in on Gerd Muller 's record tally of 85 goals in a calendar year for Bayern Munich and West Germany in 1972 . Messi needs just two more to match the 75 Pele scored for Santos and Brazil in 1959 . And due to the sheer amount of times he has found the net , he has admitted he struggles to remember all his goals . "  It 's easier for me to remember the important goals , not necessarily the prettiest ones , " he said . "  I do n't remember all the goals I scored last season , but I do remember the important ones in the Copa del Rey , the Club World Cup and the Super Cup . " CNN Blog : Can Falcao help Atletico Madrid reign in Spain ? "  I have never focused on winning individual awards and I wo n't start now , " he added . "  My challenge is to win the Liga , the Copa del Rey , and win the Champions League again , and that things continue to go well in the national team . " The full list of players nominated for the Ballon d'Or is as follows : Sergio Agero  Manchester City and Argentina  , Xabi Alonso  Real Madrid and Spain  , Mario Balotelli  Manchester City and Italy  , Karim Benzema  Real Madrid and France  . Gianluigi Buffon  Juventus and Italy  , Sergio Busquets  Barcelona and Spain  , Iker Casillas  Real Madrid and Spain  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Real Madrid and Portugal  , Didier Drogba  Shanghai Shenhua and Ivory Coast  , Radamel Falcao  Atletico Madrid and Colombia  . Zlatan Ibrahimovi  PSG and Sweden  , Andrs Iniesta  Barcelona and Spain  , Lionel Messi  Barcelona and Argentina  , Manuel Neuer  Bayern Munich and Germany  , Neymar  Santos and Brazil  , Mesut zil  Real Madrid and Germany  , Gerard Piqu  Barcelona and Spain  . Andrea Pirlo  Juventus and Italy  , Sergio Ramos  Real Madrid and Spain  , Wayne Rooney  England  , Yaya Tour  Manchester City and Ivory Coast  , Robin van Persie  Manchester United and Netherlands  , Xavi  Barcelona and Spain  . FIFA also revealed the ten managers nominated for the FIFA World Coach of the Year award . They are : Vicente del Bosque  Spain national team  , Roberto Di Matteo  Chelsea  , Alex Ferguson  Manchester United  , Pep Guardiola  Barcelona former coach  and Jupp Heynckes  Bayern Mnich  . Jrgen Klopp  Borussia Dortmund  , Joachim Lw  Germany national team  , Roberto Mancini  IManchester City  , Jos Mourinho  Real Madrid  , Cesare Prandelli  Italy national team  .	Barcelona striker Lionel Messi leads nominations for the Ballon d'Or Messi has won the title of best player in the world the last three seasons running Cristiano Ronaldo , Didier Drogba , Andres Iniesta and Xavi all on the list Wayne Rooney is the only English player to have made the cut
She 's an activist and a survivor known by her first name only . Malala has inspired people around the world to stand with her for girls ' education . Now , Malala Yousafzai is launching her own nonprofit organization , a year after being shot by the Taliban while heading to school in Pakistan . The Malala Fund is officially described as being focused on helping girls go to school and raise their voices for the right to education . The organization 's mission seems to be based on a statement from Malala : "  They thought that the bullets would silence us , but they failed . And out of that silence came thousands of voices . " "  Malala is a symbol , a catalyst to get people excited about making an impact , " says Shiza Shahid , 24 , CEO of the Malala Fund . "  People have wanted to help and to give and now the fund can drive this energy . " Shahid says The Malala Fund will try to battle the things standing between many girls and education , including culture , violence , poverty and a lack of quality schools . She says Malala wanted to build an organization to empower girls to survive and thrive , because , says Shahid , "  There is still so much to do . " Shahid met Malala several years ago and even helped organize a summer camp for Malala and other girls in Islamabad in 2009 . Born in Pakistan , Shahid 's family made education its priority . Shahid won a scholarship to Stanford University then went to work in the private sector before turning to nonprofit work with The Malala Fund . "  Malala has an incredible voice , " says Shahid . "  We wanted to enable her to raise her voice when she wanted to , but still be able to be a 16-year-old girl and focus on her studies . " Malala is now in the 10th grade and although she has not decided where she will attend university , Shahid says Oxford and Harvard may be among the schools in the running . While attending school , Malala seems ready to continue to inspire other girls through The Malala Fund and a growing social media movement . CONNECT Malala wants to give girls power and she loves to connect with girls on Twitter , Instagram and Facebook . She has held Google hangouts , Google and Facebook chats . A big focus of The Malala Fund is to continue to facilitate a social connection between Malala and girls around the world . INSPIRE Many celebrities go by one name only , but Miley and Madonna do n't quite hold the power of Malala . There have been hundreds of millions of tweets over the past year containing the name Malala . People are now being encouraged to tell their Malala story by submitting a photo or video . Some samples of how people are telling their Malala story at #IamMalala " #IAmMalala because she is brave , and empowered . I hope all young women can follow in her footsteps ! " " #IamMalala because she inspires me . We need more Malalas in the world because every girl has the right to go to school . " Actress Selena Gomez tweeted " #IamMalala I stand with Malala because there should be more young women like her . She is MY role model . " GIVE In addition to raising awareness , The Malala Fund will be raising money . The goal is not to use the money to set up big regional offices and efforts but to empower global communities from the inside . Shahid says the fund will be looking for what she calls "  innovative solutions " in developing countries and will support those programs . The fund wants to amplify the voice of already established and proven organizations helping to fight the good fight for girls education . Malala has already used some money in her hometown in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . The money was used as a stipend to help poor families send girls to school instead of to work . Domestic child labor keeps many girls around the world out of school . The Malala Fund calls it a moral imperative to give the innocent some sort of power and let people know what it means to be an educated girl . In a way , we are all Malala and we can all do something . For more ways you can help the cause of girls ' education , go to CNN.com / impact	A year after being shot by the Taliban , Malala Yousafzai launches a nonprofit organization MalalaFund.org is Malala 's campaign to inspire others to change the world for girls Tell your Malala Story on Twitter at #IamMalala
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- President Obama mixed jokes with serious discussion Thursday during an appearance on "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno . " President Obama chats it up with Jay Leno on "  The Tonight Show " on Thursday . While presidential candidates have used comedy shows for campaigning as far back as Richard Nixon 's performance on "  Rowan & Martin 's Laugh-In " in 1968 , Obama became the first sitting president to appear before a late-night talk show studio audience . Obama complimented guitarist Kevin Eubanks on his suit , and he cracked jokes about the Secret Service and "  American Idol " host Simon Cowell . Obama also remarked on his poor bowling skills , which were evident during a campaign stop in Pennsylvania . He told Leno that he bowled 129 in the White House bowling alley and said his bowling skills are "  like Special Olympics or something . " Deputy Press Secretary Bill Burton said the president 's remarks were not meant to poke fun of the Special Olympics . "  The president made an offhand remark making fun of his own bowling that was in no way intended to disparage the Special Olympics , " Burton said . "  He thinks that the Special Olympics are a wonderful program that gives an opportunity to shine to people with disabilities from around the world . " Obama later moved on to topical discussions of the economic crisis and the AIG bonus scandal . Watch some of Obama 's appearance " "  The problem with AIG was that it owed so much and was tangled up with so many banks and institutions that if you had allowed it to just liquidate , to go into bankruptcy , it could have brought the whole financial system down . So it was the right thing to do to intervene in AIG , " Obama said . Obama said earlier this week that he 'll "  take responsibility " for AIG executives receiving those controversial bonuses -- roughly $ 165 million -- while the company took $ 173 billion in government bailouts . Congress is looking for ways to recoup all or some of that money . "  The larger problem is we 've got to get back to an attitude where people know enough is enough , and people have a sense of responsibility and they understand that their actions are going to have an impact on everybody , " he said . "  If we can get back to those values that built America , then I think we 're going to be OK . " Obama also said he was confident in his embattled Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner . "  I think Geithner is doing an outstanding job . I think that we have a big mess on our hands , " he said . "  It 's not going to be solved immediately , but it is going to get solved . " Obama taped the show Thursday afternoon during a two-day swing through the Los Angeles area for town hall meetings focusing on the economy . iReport.com : Nice to see the "  real " Obama Obama also discussed the "  life in the bubble , " musing over how Secret Service agents would not let him walk 750 yards from Air Force One to the Costa Mesa fairgrounds , where some of the day 's activities were to take place . Obama said flying in Air Force One is "  pretty cool , " especially because "  they give you the jacket with the -LSB- presidential -RSB- seal on it , " he said . The only time Leno appeared to stop Obama in his tracks was when he asked the president whether he thought people intentionally lose basketball games when they play with him . "  I do n't see why they would throw the game , except for all those Secret Service guys with guns around , " he said . There 's some political risk for Obama , according to Washington Post media columnist Howard Kurtz , who also hosts CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " AC360 blog : Laughing through the pain "  He has to be very careful about his tone , because if he yuks it up too much and seems to be having too good a time , it will be quite a contrast there with the pain the people are feeling with the crumbling economy , " Kurtz said . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	President compliments Kevin Eubanks ' suit , pokes fun at Simon Cowell Obama on more serious topic : "  The problem with AIG is it owed so much " He says bonuses are problem , but larger issue is people feel lack of responsibility President must be careful not to trivialize economic pain , media observer cautions
Monrovia , Liberia  CNN  -- Two children orphaned by Ebola play in the empty corner of a Liberian orphanage . Their parents died last month , and none of the extended family is willing to claim them . They 're too afraid . For every Ebola grave , there is roughly one child who lost a parent in the West African countries of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . The disease has robbed at least 4,555 people of their lives . It has robbed some 4,000 children of one or both parents , the U.N. child agency , UNICEF , estimates . The agency fears the number will skyrocket with the rapid increase in Ebola cases . Changing attitudes The orphans are not sick , and pastor John Ghartey is tired of seeing them not being taken in . He is trying to change attitudes in his congregation at Christ Kingdom Harvest Church in New Georgia , Liberia . It was slow going at first . As Ebola killed parents , the fear of contact with orphaned children spread , even after they persistently showed no symptoms . "  Ebola is separating families because when your family has come down with the virus , nobody want to touch . Nobody want to interact , " Ghartey said . The disease has indeed turned the social fabric on its head . Extended family usually takes orphans in , but fear has broken the chain , said Manuel Fontaine , UNICEF 's regional director . Sometimes , the fear is justified . "  Ebola is turning a basic human reaction like comforting a sick child into a potential death sentence , " Fontaine said . UNICEF is working on safely treating children who are sick . About 2,500 survivors will get lessons on providing care to children quarantined in treatment centers . Ebola survivors are considered immune to the disease . Inside the world 's worst Ebola outbreak Compassion works For his part , Ghartey has rallied from the pulpit and set an example , even by just holding orphaned children 's hands , a rare gesture in these fearful times . It may have caught on . Some children who were orphaned have found more compassionate relatives . A woman in Ghartey 's choir died , leaving her eldest daughter to care for four brothers and sisters in addition to her own 1-year-old daughter . She has taken on the task . The preacher remembers the scene when the woman died . She was lying dead in a room , while the rest of the family lay on the porch . Ghartey invited them into his home . "  They sit in my living room with my family , " he said . "  They are like a family to us now . " As Ebola has thinned out his flock , the pastor has given them spiritual comfort to fight their fear . "  If Christ is your convener , sickness and diseases can not destroy you in the name of Jesus ! " In the face of the deadly virus , he preaches , with his whole body and full voice , the hope of an immortal soul . CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported and wrote from Monrovia ; Ben Brumfield wrote from Atlanta . Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Relatives wo n't take in children made orphans by Ebola A local pastor wants to see this change ; he practices what he preaches UNICEF : Thousands of children in West Africa have lost one or both parents to Ebola Ebola survivors , considered immune to the disease , are being trained to treat children
Washington  CNN  As the Missouri National Guard prepared to deploy to help quell riots in Ferguson , Missouri , that raged sporadically last year , the guard used highly militarized words such as "  enemy forces " and "  adversaries " to refer to protesters , according to documents obtained by CNN . The guard came to Ferguson to support law enforcement officers , whom many community leaders and civil rights activists accused of using excessive force and inflaming an already tense situation in protests that flared sporadically from August through the end of the year . The National Guard 's language , contained in internal mission briefings obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request , is intensifying the concerns of some who objected to the police officers ' actions in putting down riots . They broke out after the August 9 shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by city police officer Darren Wilson . A grand jury declined to indict Wilson in the case . "  It 's disturbing when you have what amounts to American soldiers viewing American citizens somehow as the enemy , " said Antonio French , an alderman in St. Louis . The documents obtained by CNN also detail that the Missouri National Guard was concerned about perceptions of its deployment , with superiors later telling troops to stop using heavily militarized language to describe protesters . And the communications show them calibrating the timing of their deployment in November -- in anticipation of the St. Louis County grand jury 's decision on whether to indict Wilson -- to try to ensure that their presence did n't further dial up tensions , though several community members voiced concern that they were not deployed quickly enough . "  We are deliberately constraining mobilization timelines to the last couple days to minimize backlash from calling up the NG early , " Col. David Boyle , Army chief of staff at the Missouri National Guard , informed his officers in a Nov. 18 email . "  We have coordinated for lower profile , less confrontation likely mission sets to emphasize support roles and minimize public militarization perception . " Additionally , some in the National Guard seemed worried the language in the mission briefings could be problematic . Days before the announcement of the grand jury 's decision , an email from Boyle warned of potential consequences from using language that could be "  construed as potentially inflammatory . " Two days after that , notification was sent to commanding officers stating that "  all reference of ` enemy ' were changed to state ` criminal elements ' . " Still , National Guard spokesman Capt. Quinn defended the militarized language as standard for the planning process ahead of deployment . In an email to CNN , he said the documents used in the Ferguson mission briefings were "  a generic military planning format utilized in a wide range of military missions , so the term ` enemy forces ' would be better understood as ` potential threats . ' Often in Guard operations , threats would include inclement weather , heat , failing levees , etc. " In further comments emailed to CNN late Friday , after the initial version of this article appeared , Quinn insisted that "  while the term ` enemy forces ' appears in a handful of early drafts of the operations order it was also clear that as soon as leadership saw the language , they correctly identified it as being inappropriate for this type of mission " and claimed that the language was changed "  well ahead of the grand jury 's decision . " But internal communications from as early as Aug. 14 through Nov. 18 , when the directive was issued to change the inflammatory language , show numerous uses of the terms that were sent to a large number of National Guard commanders and leadership . Though the National Guard 's actions throughout the fall did not elicit the type of complaints that were directed at the police , some in Ferguson were displeased that the guardsman did n't do more to act against looters and vandals . Ferguson Mayor James Knowles criticized the guard at a November 25 news conference , saying that "  unfortunately , as the unrest grew and further assistance was needed , the National Guard was not deployed in enough time to save all our businesses . " Quinn , in his comments to CNN , responded that it would not have been part of the National Guard 's mission to confront those destroying businesses . Rather , the force would have stood guard at sites of unrest while law enforcement officers entered looted businesses and arrested suspects . The documents reveal that the Missouri guard was especially concerned that "  adversaries " might use phone apps and police scanners to expose operational security . "  Counterintelligence operations are directed at supporting an information campaign . Their audience does not require the information to be accurate and is easily swayed , " one document read . A document titled "  Operation Show-Me Protection II , " which outlines the Missouri National Guard 's mission in Ferguson , listed players on the ground deemed "  Friendly Forces " and "  Enemy Forces . " Among groups characterized as hate groups were the KKK , the RgB Black Rebels and the New Black Panther Party , but also "  General Protesters . " The document read : "  Protesters have historically used Molotov cocktails , rocks , and other debris to throw at police . Several small arms fire incidents have occurred . Some elements may utilize militants -LSB- sic -RSB- tactics taught by USPER RgB Black Rebels . " A communication specifying the types of gear and dangers the soldiers were likely to face warned that , "  rioters likely have constructed home-made protection like goggles , gas masks , and plywood shields . Further , select individuals may have bullet proof vests and may carry firearms . " It further noted that , "  a possible method of attack is the use of Molotov cocktails against personnel and equipment . Also the possibility exists of the use of arson for destruction and disruption of the power grid through targeted attack . " In addition to analyzing the threat general protesters could pose to soldiers , the National Guard also briefed its commanders on their intelligence capabilities so they could "  deny adversaries the ability to identify Missouri National Guard vulnerabilities upon which threat forces may exploit , causing embarrassment , or harm to the MONG , " the mission set states . "  Adversaries are most likely to possess human intelligence  HUMINT  , open source intelligence  OSINT  , signals intelligence  SIGINT  , technical intelligence  TECHINT  , and counterintelligence capabilities , " states Appendix 3 , which outlines Operations Security . But the ways the National Guard lists for how this information can be obtained are nothing more than open records , social media , and listening on conversations being carries out in public by civil authorities or law enforcement . "  Overseas deployments are all about predictability , " Col. David Boyle of the Missouri National Guard warned in an email on August 25 in the wake of protests just two weeks after the death of Michael Brown . "  DSCA  defense in support of civil authorities  is not , it is all about rapid expansion and contraction to fit quickly shifting support requirements . " CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story misstated details about the St. Louis County grand jury 's decision on whether to indict Wilson .	The National Guard 's language worries those who objected to the tactics used in quelling riots The language is contained in internal mission briefings
CNN  -- A Yemeni military plane crashed into a residential area of the capital Monday , killing the pilot and injuring at least 18 people on the ground , the Yemeni government said . The government would not confirm the death toll . It was unclear how many people were aboard the plane . The Russian-made Sukhoi Su-22 , a fighter jet , was on a training mission when it crashed in southern Sanaa , Yemeni state TV reported . Three houses and a four-story building caught fire after the crash , and the fire was spreading . Firefighters later managed to extinguish the fire in the four-story building , state TV said . The Defense Ministry said a mechanical fault caused the crash and the jet was not shot down . It was the third fatal air crash in Sanaa in the past year . In February , a military fighter jet on a training mission went down in a residential section of Sanaa , killing at least 10 people and injuring 21 . At least one of the missiles the plane was carrying exploded in that crash . Last November , a military cargo plane caught fire and crashed in the city , killing 10 people . Journalist Hakim Almasmari in Sanaa and CNN 's Yousuf Basil in Atlanta contributed to this report .	The plane crashed into a residential neighborhood The pilot was killed , and at least 18 people on the ground were injured Several buildings caught fire after the crash It is the third fatal crash in Sanaa in the past year
CNN  -- As the pounding of war drums intensifies against ISIS and its advances in Iraq and Syria , at least one senator is voicing opposition to plans to arm Syrian rebels and says he 's willing to shut down the government over it . Sen. Joe Manchin , a West Virginia Democrat who often finds himself at odds with the White House , said spending $ 500 million to provide weapons to groups in Syria that are fighting both ISIS and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will backfire . "  At the end of the day , most of the arms that we give to people are used against us . Most of the people we train turn against us , " Manchin said Tuesday on CNN 's "  New Day . " While lawmakers are expected to put off until after the November election a vote on direct U.S. military action in Syria , votes on arming Syrian rebels could come this week as part of a larger funding bill . The House is slated to vote Wednesday , and the Senate soon after , on a measure that ties funding for the entire government to a measure authorizing the administration to arm Syrian opposition groups . Government funding runs out at the end of September and if new legislation is n't passed , many government services will come to a halt . Manchin , who is opposed to arming the rebels , called tying the two issues together an "  atrocious " package . "  I 'm willing to vote . I will vote no -- absolutely no -- and stand tall in West Virginia to explain my vote , " he said . Manchin said his critics might say he voted to shut down the government . His response : "  But guess what 's wrapped into it , a policy that might get us embroiled  in war  for years and years . " Congressional leaders are reluctant to hold a stand-alone vote on the measure because of the upcoming midterm elections less than two months away . Lawmakers would have to go to their districts and explain their positions to a war-weary public . Manchin is not up for re-election this year . But at least one senator running for re-election has indicated opposition to arming the rebels . Sen. Mark Begich of Alaska , who is in a tight race against Republican Dan Sullivan , said in a statement last week that he opposes the plan "  at this time . " "  I am gravely concerned by reports of ISIS seizing and utilizing U.S. weapons intended for those fighting against the Syrian regime , and we must have greater assurance that we are n't arming extremists who will eventually use the weapons against us , " Begich added . Manchin also responded to lawmakers , including Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who are suggesting that the U.S. approach to ISIS go even further than what President Barack Obama has proposed and include U.S. involvement in a ground war . "  In West Virginia , at least we know the definition of insanity -- doing the same thing over and over , expecting different results , " he said . "  This has to be a ground game by the people of that region . " War against ISIS : What does Rand Paul 's ` yes ' mean ? CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Sen. Joe Manchin says providing weapons to groups in Syria will backfire The congressional measure ties government funding to a measure ot arm Syrian rebels The House is slated to vote Wednesday and the Senate soon after Congressional leadership does n't want a stand-alone vote so close to the midterm elections
CNN  -- Spotting the "  next big thing " in sport is an expensive business . Millions of dollars and countless hours are spent on talent identification , but it 's an unpredictable science . Except perhaps in horse racing , where major strides are being made in picking out potential winners in an industry where huge rewards are at stake . Thoroughbred stallion Fusaichi Pegasus , for example , became the most expensive horse in history in 2000 after being sold to Ireland 's Coolmore Stud for $ 60 million , having been bought as a yearling for $ 4 million . So just imagine what it would mean to breeders if they could determine how successful a horse would be before buying or selling them as a foal ? A company involved in thoroughbred research , Equinome , has been analyzing a particular strand of DNA within a horse -- dubbed the "  speed gene " -- which can determine just how well equipped it will be for racing . Such chromosome information can also be a powerful tool for breeders as it helps them determine just what type of horse will be produced by different types of coupling . The mating game : Will Frankel and Black Caviar breed superhorses ? "  At first we had a positive response , and now over the last 18 months things have really taken off , " Equinome 's managing director Donal Ryan told CNN . "  Every region is interested -- New Zealand , Singapore , the United States -- and breeders have already used our test thousands of times . " Equinome maintains a strict policy of confidentiality with its clients , but Ryan did reveal that the first horses bred following speed-gene testing are already racing professionally . Breeders are also offered the $ 1,500 "  elite performance test , " which analyzes 54,000 genetic factors . While its results may not provide the meticulous levels of accuracy the "  speed gene " test delivers , it categorizes how likely a horse is -- genetically speaking -- to win . "  Horses are placed within one of four class bands ; a class one would be 11 times better than a class four , " said Ryan . "  The criteria obviously differ from subject to subject . With a sprint horse we would be looking at traits such as lactate metabolism and vascularization , whereas a horse with stamina we might analyze heart physiology and respiration . " Robin Oakley , turf columnist for "  The Spectator " magazine and author of three books on the world of racing , dubbed the research as "  almost the holy grail for breeders and trainers . " "  For years they have searched for a way to remove the gamble inherent within breeding -- imagine , not having to fly mares all over the world , mating with all those different studs just trying to get the right results , " he said . Another milestone for fantastic Frankel at Glorious Goodwood In Australia , Widden Stud farm in New South Wales has produced six former Australian champion sires since its foundation in 1867 . It is the first breeder to include Equinome 's "  speed gene " results in its stud brochures . "  The test is certainly very interesting to us , " says Widden Stud 's general manager Derek Field . "  Breeders have been searching for years for ways to do their job more efficiently , and there are a lot of pieces to the puzzle but this is certainly a key to unlocking it . "  People have looked in-depth at hearts and other organs but have come and gone . These speed gene tests can help develop studies in the right direction . It 's worth keeping a close eye on . " However , Ryan stresses that genetic research is only one piece of the puzzle of breeding winners . "  Genetics is only 35-55 % of the battle . The rest is down to the way the horse is raised , from insemination through to foaling to its upbringing and race training ; the aspects that will always be most important are not genetic , " he said . "  We aim to guide the trainers and breeders , so they can correctly focus their efforts . " Ryan insists Equinome 's work will not detract from the competitive spirit of the sport . "  It is simply a tool to be utilized . It is ineffectual if not applied properly , " he said . "  I can not see it taking away from the ` fun ' of the sport , as some have put it . " Field agrees : "  The idea of mating horses more efficiently has been around since the sport began . This discovery does nothing to detract from the competition . " Twitter : From the horse 's mouth Australia 's OTI Racing and Bloodstock Management has also utilized Equinome 's tests . But rather than breed its own horses it instead buys them as "  tried " yearlings , often imported from all over the world . These horses are then raced internationally , predominantly in Great Britain and France as well as Australia . As OTI 's reputation , not to mention profits , rely on the performance of its yearlings , it needs to buy the right horses and send them to the correct trainer . "  We were approached by a representative from their marketing team , " OTI co-owner and director Terry Henderson said of its relationship with Equinome . "  I was fascinated by the science -- the sound logic and good research which they applied appealed to me . We made sure to do our own research to put their methods to the test . "  We took 12 blood samples from 12 different horses and sent them for a blind testing at Equinome -- this way they would have no idea if the blood was from a broken-down old mare or a champion sprinter . The correlations produced by their results gave us great confidence . " Fame and fillies : Meet the celebrity racehorse owners Henderson says the professional racing community has reacted cautiously to Equinome 's research . "  I was skeptical too at first . So much rubbish science is presented to the horse racing industry . So many ideas and tools claim to be unique but fail to deliver that professionals are gun-shy -- rarely is anything supported by the depth of research that Equinome offer , " he said . OTI has not fully embraced the testing yet , but the company is at an "  advanced testing " stage working towards a more complete relationship . "  It 's very encouraging , but it 'll still be two to three years before our confidence is at 90 % - plus , " Henderson said . "  Right now we 're testing half of our purchases . Sometimes , what with the rate at which we complete transactions or because of contractual obligations , we do not have time to take the test . We do aim to test all of our domestic purchases , though . " The British Horse Racing Authority says such testing is "  a commercial issue and it would not be appropriate for a regulatory body to comment . " Henderson believes it poses no threat to the industry 's competitive balance . "  This is no different to the developments made in breeding 100 years ago . Innovations will always divide opinion -- it will be gospel to some and rubbish to others , " he said . "  It 's the most significant development we 've seen in a while but it wo n't unbalance the playing field , that 's for sure . "	Scientists discover "  speed gene " within horse DNA which governs physical ability Test allows trainers to learn what sort of runner their horse will develop into Thousands of breeders and trainers around the world have already taken the test Results of the test are already being published by Australian blood stockist OTI Racing
CNN  -- For many of us , eating out happens more often than we would like to admit . It 's only natural that with our busy , ca n't - catch-a-break lifestyles we farm out cooking to our favorite local restaurants . That 's OK -- it 's not so much eating out that 's the problem . Rather , it 's what we eat at restaurants that can cause health issues . Too many carbohydrates , too much fat and too much salt can lead to obesity , Type 2 diabetes , hypertension and cholesterol issues . The problem is , restaurant menus are designed to entice your sense of taste , not tell you whether the foods they 're advertising are healthy . But I 'm here to take the guesswork out of dining out . Calorie bombs away ! The worst chain restaurant dishes are ... Fried foods Restaurant Code Words : Crunchy , tempura , battered , crispy , breaded , crusted , golden , sizzling If you 're making a healthy choice , you 're probably not purposely choosing a fried food item . Look for words like crunchy , battered , crispy , breaded , crusted , golden , tempura ; some of these options are a double-whammy on your caloric intake because the item is fried with an additional carb-based coating . Fried foods may taste great , but tend to be high in fat and calories -- and deep frying robs food of nutrients . A grilled , baked or roasted 4-ounce chicken breast  the size of a deck of cards  will run you about 170 calories , whereas the deep fried selection can pack a whopping 370 calories . To make matters worse , many restaurants  usually of the fast food variety  use partially hydrogenated oil because it can be reheated and reused over and over again . Partially hydrogenated oil contains trans fats  the worst of the fats  which raises your LDL  bad cholesterol  and lowers your HDL  good cholesterol  , leading to a higher incidence of heart disease . Guilt-free eating : 10 nutrition myths debunked High-sugar foods Restaurant Code Words : Teriyaki , BBQ , glazed , sticky , honey-dipped Powdered doughnuts may be self-explanatory on a menu , but options labeled as Teriyaki , BBQ , glazed , sticky or honey-dipped could also be high in added sugars . It is wise to ask if sauces of any kind are made with sugar , including salad dressings and vinaigrettes . Watch out also for meals that are high in carbohydrates . Carbs turn into sugar when they are broken down by your digestive system . The usual suspects are items like pasta , potatoes and rice , but even menu items like "  healthy " couscous , quinoa and faro are high in carbs and should be eaten with the same moderation as traditional offerings . How much sugar is in that drink ? High-calorie foods Restaurant Code Words : Loaded , stuffed , creamy , cheesy , gooey , smothered , melted , rich , velvety It 's funny how adjectives describing foods can elicit Pavlov 's law in even the most rigorous health fanatic . That 's the point . Foods described as loaded , stuffed , creamy , cheesy , gooey , smothered , melted , rich and velvety are triggering a "  feeling " that you get when you eat that particular menu item . Do n't fall into the trap ! These "  comfort foods " may take you back in time to a simpler place where a gourmet grilled cheese sandwich on brioche could right all of the wrongs in the world , but the one wrong it wo n't right is the number of calories packed into one bite . Something described as "  loaded " or "  stuffed " is going to also be loaded or stuffed with calories -- and no one wants to feel like a Thanksgiving turkey . Eating out costs you 200 calories Healthier options Restaurant Code Words : roasted , baked , braised , broiled , poached , rubbed , seared , grilled , steamed , saut  ed , spiced , seasoned Chefs at local restaurants everywhere are catching on that Americans are looking for healthier options when dining out . Restaurants that specialize in foods that are "  made-to-order " or that focus on locally sourced foods will likely have more options . Even some fast-casual restaurants are retooling mainstays and developing new menu items that wo n't bust your caloric intake for the day . Words like roasted , poached , baked or grilled are your best options -- just do n't order the grilled 26-ounce ribeye steak . Do n't be afraid to ask questions about the menu , and if nutritional information is available , read through and choose the meal that will balance your health with your desire for something tasty .	There are healthy restaurant menu choices while eating out Crunchy , battered , crispy , breaded , crusted , golden and tempura are code words for fried Food described as "  loaded " or "  stuffed " is likely loaded and stuffed with calories Choose roasted , baked , braised , broiled , poached , seared , grilled or steamed
The operator of a Japanese nuclear power plant where a catastrophic accident was set off last year by a massive earthquake and tsunami acknowledged Friday that it had played down safety risks at the facility out of fear that they would lead to a plant shutdown . The Tokyo Electric Power Company , known as TEPCO , said in a report that "  severe accident measures " were taken in 2002 , which included "  containment venting and power supply cross-ties between units , " but additional measures were never put in place . Read more : Japan 's nuclear fight intensifies Part of the reason , the report said , was a concern that implementing the new safety measures "  could spread concern in the sitting community that there is a problem with the safety of current plants . " TEPCO added that taking such measures could also add to "  public anxiety and add momentum to anti-nuclear movements . " Friday 's report represents some of the operator 's most definitive language to date about its lack of preparation in protecting the Fukushima Daiichi power plant , which ultimately spewed radiation and displaced tens of thousands of residents from the surrounding area in the worst nuclear accident since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster in Ukraine . Read more : Japan restarts first nuclear plant since Fukushima shutdown "  There was a latent fear that plant shutdown would be required until severe accident measures were put in place , " the report said . "  It was possible to diversify safety systems by referencing severe accident measures taken in other countries . " In the past year , TEPCO has come under intense scrutiny for not aggressively seeking answers to the underlining causes of what prompted the disaster . The Japanese government said in an earlier report that the operator 's and the nuclear regulator 's actions to prepare for disasters were "  insufficient , " and called the response to the crisis "  inadequate . "	TEPCO says "  severe accident measures " were taken in 2002 , but nothing further was done Part of the reason was a concern over spreading anxiety "  in the sitting community " TEPCO adds that the measures could also "  add momentum to anti-nuclear movements "
CNN  -- The body of Luis Francisco Cuellar Carvajal , governor of the department of Caqueta , Colombia , was discovered Tuesday not far from where he was kidnapped the night before , government spokesperson Wilmer Rua said . Cuellar Carvajal 's throat was slit , Colombian President Alvaro Uribe said in an address to the nation Tuesday night . The governor 's body was found by Colombian troops in an area close to his home , where he was kidnapped Monday night , he said . One of his bodyguards was killed in the high-profile abduction , and two other officers were injured The kidnapping was carried out by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC by its Spanish initials , Colombian Defense Minister Gabriel Silva said earlier Tuesday . Uribe had ordered the military to find and rescue Cuellar Carvajal from the rebel group . The Marxist insurgent group has been fighting the Colombian government for more than 45 years . This is the fifth time the governor has been kidnapped , Rua said . This time , he was taken late at night , about two hours before his 69th birthday . Uribe said that members of the FARC kidnapped Cuellar Carvajal at about 10 p.m. Monday . Authorities ordered the city on lockdown in an attempt to keep the kidnappers from carrying out their plan , Uribe said . Instead , the the guerrillas burned the vehicle that authorities believe was used in the kidnapping , and then slit the governor 's throat to avoid leaving evidence that may have been traced from a firearm to the killers , Uribe said . The president offered a $ 1 billion peso reward  U.S. $ 485,000  for information leading to the arrests of those responsible .	Governor 's body is found by Colombian troops in an area close to his home Luis Francisco Cuellar Carvajal was governor of the department or state of Caqueta Authorities suspect FARC leftist Colombian rebels responsible for the kidnapping It was fifth time governor had been kidnapped ; one of his bodyguards was killed
CNN  -- Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani teenager whom the Taliban tried to murder , is asking a graduate school not to name its institution after her . Girls were afraid that attending the Malala Yousafzai Post Graduate College for Women in the Taliban-dominated Swat Valley would attract the attention of fighters like the ones who gunned down Malala and two other girls on a school bus in October , according to Kamran Rehman Khan , a top official in the Swat Valley . The Saidu Sharif Post Graduate School briefly changed its name to recognize Malala 's brave campaign for girls ' education in Pakistan . The Taliban are against girls being in the classroom and have threatened to kill anyone who defies them . Several students told Khan that they respect Malala but are concerned about their safety , he said . Khan told CNN that Malala called him Monday evening from her hospital room in England where she 's recovering from bullet wounds to her head and neck . She wants the school to remove her name , but she wishes for people to continue to fight for girls to go to school , he said . "  I was so impressed that despite having threats against her life , she was talking about girls ' education in the region and against militants , " Khan said . Malala first got an international platform at age 11 when the BBC gave her a chance to write a blog about going to school despite a Taliban edict forbidding girls in the classroom . She gave an interview to CNN and other outlets , bravely insisting that girls had every right to an education . On October 9 , the 15-year-old was on a school van in Swat Valley . Taliban gunmen stopped the vehicle and demanded that other girls tell them which one was Malala . They did . She was shot , as were two other girls who survived the attack . "  We do not tolerate people like Malala speaking against us , " a Taliban spokesman later said , vowing to come after her if she managed to live . Malala was in critical condition , but doctors in England have helped her recover over the past several months . She suffered no major brain or nerve damage . She is walking , writing and reading again . Malala was selected as runner-up for Time magazine 's Person of the Year .	Official : Girls at school newly named after the teen said they were afraid They fear naming the college after teen shot by Taliban would make them a target Malala Yousafzai called official to say her name should be removed Malala was attacked on her way to school October 9 by Taliban gunmen
The United States talked tough Wednesday about trying to halt escalating political violence in Ukraine , but analysts warned there was little that outside pressure could do , especially if the Ukrainian military gets involved on the side of the government cracking down on protesters . President Barack Obama condemned the unrest that killed 26 people on Tuesday and began spreading Wednesday beyond Kiev , the Ukrainian capital , with reports of protesters taking over government buildings in the nation 's western region . Obama said the United States expected the Ukrainian government to show restraint against peaceful protesters , and he warned there would be unspecified consequences for excessive action . He made a point of saying the Ukrainian military should stay out of it , as it has so far . Later in the day -- after Ukraine 's president and opposition leaders agreed to a truce and to fresh talks -- Obama said he hoped this development will "  provide space for the sides to resolve their disagreements peacefully . " Insisting that Ukraine is n't a pawn on some "  Cold War chessboard " with Russia , Obama said that he hopes a unity government will be formed to pave the way for "  fair and free elections . " "  The situation that happened in Ukraine has to do with whether or not the people ... can determine their own destiny , " he said . Visa ban Later , the United States issued a visa ban for 20 senior members of the Ukrainian government and others responsible for the violent crackdown in Kiev , a senior State Department official told reporters on a conference call . However , Council on Foreign Relations President Richard Haass told CNN that the United States and its European allies have limited options for impacting the situation on the ground in Ukraine . "  My own hunch is this is going to continue to escalate , " Haass said , adding that the main question was whether the military would side with the government by getting involved or back the protesters by remaining in barracks . In what the senior State Department official called "  a glimmer of hope , " the Ukrainian government and the opposition announced a truce Wednesday night to allow for negotiations to restart with the aim at stabilizing the situation . Earlier , Obama said while attending talks in Mexico with the leaders of Canada and the host country that "  we 're going to be watching closely and we expect the Ukrainian government to show restraint , to not resort to violence in dealing with peaceful protesters . " Ukraine 's military a focus Thousands of demonstrators have packed Independence Square in Kiev since November , when President Viktor Yanukovych reversed a decision to sign a trade deal with the European Union and instead turned toward Russia . The unrest intensified after an anti-protest law went into effect . On Tuesday , the street clashes escalated dramatically , leaving 26 people dead and buildings on fire . Vice President Joe Biden spoke to Yanukovych on Tuesday night to express "  grave concern " over the crisis . A readout of the conversation released by the White House said Biden told the Ukrainian leader that "  the United States condemns violence by any side , but that the government bears special responsibility to de-escalate the situation . " Secretary of State John Kerry reiterated Biden 's message on Wednesday , saying Yanukovych can choose either dialogue and compromise or violence and mayhem . "  It is in his hands to decide what the future of the Ukraine and the future hopes of his people will be , and we hope very much that violence will be avoided and compromise will be found , " Kerry said . Wednesday night , Ukraine military forces moved into defensive positions around military bases and weapons depots across the country , according to a U.S. defense official familiar with the latest intelligence . The move was considered as defensive to secure facilities and weapons , and so far only involved military personnel rather than any widespread movement of armored vehicles , according to the defense official who spoke on condition of not being identified . "  We are encouraged the Ukraine military has not been brought into this crisis and we urge them to remain on the sidelines , " said Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren . If the Ukraine military got involved in the fighting , "  that would have consequences for our defense relationship , " Warren added . Ukraine cites terrorists for trouble While Yanukovych 's government has received most of the blame , Ukrainian officials blamed protesters for the escalating unrest . Security chief Oleksander Yakimenko accused protesters of looting weapons and ammunition from government offices and announced a nationwide "  anti-terrorist operation . " According to senior U.S. administration officials , such language by Ukraine signals a hardening government position against the protesters . In a later conference call with reporters , the senior State Department official -- who spoke on condition of not being identified -- expressed concern over the replacement of Ukraine 's military armed forces chief . No reason was given for the dismissal of Col. Gen. Volodymyr Zamana . Russia , which has major historical and economic ties to the former Soviet territory , accuses the United States of playing a role in the widespread protests . The senior State Department official denied that on Wednesday , saying "  we completely reject their notion that we have been interfering . " The visa bans announced Wednesday followed an earlier move in January when existing visas of some Ukrainians were revoked over previous unrest , the State Department official said . This time , the 20 Ukrainians -- none of them from the military -- now banned from getting new U.S. visas "  represent the full chain of command that we consider responsible for ordering security forces to move against " protesters on Tuesday , the official added . Sanctions talk Other sanctions in coordination with the European Union also could occur , according to the official , who declined to provide further details . France also has threatened sanctions against Ukraine over the government 's crackdown , with President Francois Hollande calling the protest violence "  unspeakable , unacceptable , intolerable acts . " The Obama administration has come under increasing criticism for its foreign policy as talks have faltered on halting Syria 's civil war , which left nearly 5,000 people dead in the last three weeks in a particularly violent stretch of the almost three-year conflict . On Sunday , veteran GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona called the U.S. policy in Syria an "  abysmal failure and a disgraceful one . " Ukraine protesters stand ground as European , U.S. leaders discuss sanctions Explainer : What and who are behind Ukraine 's political crisis ? John Kerry : United States , EU stand with Ukraine 's people	Obama says he hopes a truce will give space to reach a political solution He pushes for a unity government to pave the way for fair and free elections Ukrainians should be able to "  determine their own destiny , " Obama adds U.S. puts Ukrainians responsible for crackdown on visa ban list
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Two giants in the world of club football clash on Saturday in a game so entwined in Spanish history and culture it even has its own nickname . Many ingredients combine to create the potent El Clasico brew , a game that pitches Real Madrid against Barcelona . Barcelona give then champions Real Madrid a guard of honour before last season 's El Clasico . Rivalry between city-clubs for national dominance is common to most nations , but in Spain there is extra spice between the two largest conurbations in that Barcelona is situated in , and representative of , the autonomous region of Catalonia . The Catalan community is distinct within Spain with its own language , culture and strong sense of identity ; situated on the banks of the Mediterranean , the team is seen as an extension to this , hence the club 's motto of "  more than a club " and the appearance of the Catalan national flag on its badge . Real , on the other hand , hail from the capital Madrid , home to the offices of government , the Royal Palace and the larger population . Indeed , Spain 's King Alfonso XIII gave the club patronage in 1920 and consequently the Royal Crown appears on the side 's badge to this day . The rifts between the two sides have been exacerbated with wrangles over player transfers down the ages too . Both clubs laid claim to the signature of the all-time great Alfredo Di Stefano , only for Real to win through and to reap the rewards of his 307 goals for the side . Barcelona fans threw a pig 's head onto the pitch in the 2002 El Clasico European Cup semifinal to vent their anger at former Barca player Luis Figo , who moved to Real two years earlier . More recently Real Madrid let the talent of Cameroon 's Samuel Eto'o leave their ranks , only for the striker to move to Barca where he has so far netted over one hundred goals . Another thorn in the side of Barcelona fans is the edge Real have over their rivals in the silverware stakes : since the first meeting of the clubs in 1902 , Real have accumulated 31 league championships and a record 9 European Cups against Barcelona 's tally of 18 league titles and two European Cups . Which way do you think El Clasico and the Primera Liga title will go ? Let us know in the Sound Off box below . With this in mind , Saturday 's meeting between the two clubs at Madrid 's Santiago Bernabeu stadium , which can hold over 70-thousand passionate fans , threatens to be as explosive as ever . Especially as this season , under the tutelage of Catalan manager Pep Guardiola , Barcelona have seen their 12-point lead at the top of the table eaten up by their previously written-off arch-rivals . So could the destiny of this year 's Primera Liga hinge on the second installment of this season 's El Clasico ? Below are the viewpoints of two ardent fans ahead of the game : Dani Linares-Lopez , Real Madrid fan : Real fan Dani Linares shares a pre-El Clasico drink with a fellow fanatic befores last season 's game "  I 'm a Real Madrid supporter -- we ca n't fear the Catalans . I was at the Bernabeu last year when Madrid beat Barcelona 4-1 and they had to give our players a guard of honor as the champions . It was beautiful . "  We 're out to take the title again as we 've got nothing else to focus on . We 'll go out all guns blazing and I think we 'll win because we 're more up for it than they are . "  I do think Barcelona will still win the league by a point , though . But you never know because Barcelona have the Champions League and the Spanish Cup final to distract them and a few injuries would change things . "  Some bookmakers paid out on Barcelona winning the title after they beat Madrid at the Camp Nou . Everyone thought it was all over , even me . But Juande Ramos has turned it around by training the players harder and now they 're really fit . We 've been winning ugly but we 've kept on winning . Ramos should be given the job permanently if we win the title . " Prediction : 2-1 or 3-2 to Real Madrid Reda Benzakour , Barcelona fan : Barca fan Reda Benzakour with Barcelona forward Lionel Messi . "  As a Barca fan El Clasico is THE game that I look forward for the whole season . Last year was a frustrating and bitter experience . Frustrating during the first leg in Camp Nou where Barca dominated the whole game but failed to score an equalizer . Bitter because during the second leg at the Bernabeu , we were humiliated by the score and the Barca players gave a "  guard of honor " for Real players for the title won before the game . "  As a Barca fan , this was the worst of scenarios and the culmination of years of humiliation . Real will have to attack if they want to win this game and stay in the race for the title . But I 'm confident that Barca will bring a good result from Madrid . Also I 'm sure the Barca players are keen to avenge last year 's humiliation . It will decide the title because if we win it will give us a 7 point-lead and confidence to go forward and for Real it will take the wind out of their sails . " Prediction 1-1	Fans of Real Madrid and Barcelona preview Saturday 's El Clasico Barcelona travel to Madrid four points clear of Real with five league games left Let us know your thoughts on the two clubs and the match in the Sound Off
CNN  -- High levels of illegal immigration and crimes committed by unauthorized immigrants are among the key rationales cited by some supporters of a tough new immigration law in Arizona . "  Border violence and crime due to illegal immigration are critically important issues to the people of our state , " Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said at the signing of the controversial bill , SB 1070 . "  There is no higher priority than protecting the citizens of Arizona . We can not sacrifice our safety to the murderous greed of the drug cartels . We can not stand idly by as drop houses , kidnappings and violence compromise our quality of life . " Yet , a look at statistics from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency and the FBI indicate that both the number of illegal crossers and violent crime in general have actually decreased in the past several years . According to FBI statistics , violent crimes reported in Arizona dropped by nearly 1,500 reported incidents between 2005 and 2008 . Reported property crimes also fell , from about 287,000 reported incidents to 279,000 in the same period . These decreases are accentuated by the fact that Arizona 's population grew by 600,000 between 2005 and 2008 . According to the nonpartisan Immigration Policy Institute , proponents of the bill "  overlook two salient points : Crime rates have already been falling in Arizona for years despite the presence of unauthorized immigrants , and a century 's worth of research has demonstrated that immigrants are less likely to commit crimes or be behind bars than the native-born . " Backers of the bill maintain that crime is a key reason for the necessity of the tough immigration law . Arizona state Sen. Russell Pearce this week told CNN 's Tony Harris that half the murders in Phoenix are committed by unauthorized immigrants and that the city is the second in the world in kidnappings . A CNN Fact Check found that the senator 's claim about the murders in Phoenix can not be proven , but he did have police statistics to back up his claims of the city 's high number of kidnappings , although its exact standing in the world is not clear . In Maricopa County , which includes Phoenix , Sheriff Joe Arpaio has long been an advocate of tough measures against illegal immigration . His officers already check the immigration status of people they detain for other crimes , he said . "  We 've been doing it for a long time , but this -LSB- law -RSB- gives us just a little more authority , " Arpaio told CNN . One way that Arpaio says he measures his success is that he hears that immigrants who entered the country illegally are leaving his county . "  It 's a good indicator , " he said . Statewide illegal immigration trends are harder to gauge . One aspect of it is the number of apprehensions of unauthorized immigrants made by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency . Since a peak in 2000 of more than 600,000 illegal crossers apprehended , the number fell to 241,000 in 2009 , Tucson Sector Public Affairs Officer Mario Escalante told CNN . "  We 've seen a steady decline , " he said . Intelligence-driven operations have increased the effectiveness of the Border Patrol 's efforts , he added . Meanwhile , the cartel violence that has gripped Mexico for the most part has remained there , he said . Human and drug smugglers are being "  more aggressive because we 're being successful , " Escalante said , "  But we 've been lucky not to see that type of -LSB- violence -RSB- spill over here . "	FBI statistics : Violent crimes reported declined by nearly 1,500 over four years Reported property crimes also fell , by about 8,000 , between 2005 and 2008 CNN Fact Check : Kidnapping is up in Phoenix , but murderers ' status ca n't be proven Arizona immigration trends murky , largely due to declining border apprehensions
CNN  -- Tiger Woods is dealing with a back injury and does n't know if he 'll be able to play at the Masters next month . He may not be the only multiple major winner from the U.S. struggling to be ready for Augusta . Phil Mickelson -- a three-time Masters winner -- pulled out of the Valero Texas Open on Saturday after sustaining a pulled muscle . He got through half of his third round but then stopped . The Golf Channel said he injured his right side . Mickelson earlier this year skipped the Farmers Insurance Open with a back complaint . "  My back 's feeling great , my body 's been feeling great , " Mickelson said in a statement posted on the PGA 's website . "  I felt as good as I have all year . My speed is back , I was hitting the ball hard , driving it great . "  I pulled a muscle on my downswing trying to hit the ball hard on the  first hole -- his 10th  . It just killed and it would n't subside for 10 or 12 seconds . "  I 'm going to go back to San Diego for a couple of days and have a doctor take a look at it but there 's really not much you can do for a pulled muscle . I hope I 'll be OK to play the  Shell Houston Open  but I just do n't know . " Mickelson barely made the cut at the Texas Open . "  As you might imagine , he 's trying to get ready for Augusta , he 's hitting a lot of drivers , hitting them harder , " his caddie , Jim Mackay , told the Golf Channel . "  He hit one off the first tee , his 10th hole today and just felt a little pain in his side . "  It continued on for a few minutes and he just decided that he did n't want to take anything to chance relative to what 's going on the next couple weeks . "	Phil Mickelson withdraws from the Texas Open midway into his third round Mickelson suffers a pulled muscle and hopes he 'll be fine for his next event The world No. 5 's injury comes weeks before the Masters at Augusta World No. 1 Tiger Woods is dealing with a back injury himself
CNN  -- A federal task force looking for ways to curb gun violence will have a set of recommendations by Tuesday , Vice President Joe Biden announced Thursday . Speaking during a week of meetings with disparate groups on various sides of the issue -- including some for and others against stricter gun controls -- Biden , who oversees the task force , said the recommendations to be given to President Barack Obama will serve as a beginning . "  This does n't mean it is the end of the discussion , but the public wants us to act , " he told reporters . A look at U.S. gun laws Obama called for the task force after last month 's massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , in which 27 people were killed -- 20 of them elementary school children . Biden said he 's been surprised by how many groups have encouraged universal background checks for all gun owners , including those who purchase through private sales . Some states have backlogs of thousands of felons who are never registered on lists aimed at helping prevent dangerous weapons from getting into their hands , he noted . CNN iReport : The gun control debate The National Rifle Association said it was "  disappointed " with a White House task force meeting Thursday , saying it expected mental health , the "  marketing of violence to our kids " and school safety to be top topics . "  We were disappointed with how little this meeting had to do with keeping our children safe and how much it had to do with an agenda to attack the Second Amendment , " the group said in a statement . "  While claiming that no policy proposals would be prejudged , this task force spent most of its time on proposed restrictions on lawful firearms owners -- honest , taxpaying , hardworking Americans . " The group indicated it will now concentrate its efforts through members of Congress . NRA President David Keene told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " that little common ground was found . An exception was a possible agreement to place "  potentially violent " mentally ill people on a national database of those not allowed to buy firearms , Keene said . Share your recommendations on Twitter Biden called it a complicated issue , emphasizing that there is "  no singular solution to how we deal with " mass shootings . Many stakeholders in the issue have met with members of the task force , Biden said , including medical and religious groups , educators and parents . Concerns about mental health may be "  one of the most important things that we 've been focusing on , " he said . Biden also noted that many firearm deaths in the United States are suicides . Referring to one of the most contentious issues -- whether to reinstate an assault weapons ban -- Biden said he has never heard so much support for "  the need to do something about high-capacity magazines . " Former Marines share dramatically different stances on gun violence The task force also was meeting with members of the entertainment industry to discuss violence in movies and TV shows . Obama has spoken out about a culture that often "  glorifies guns and violence . " Dan Glickman , a former congressman and onetime head of the Motion Picture Association of America , rejects suggestions of links between films and real-life violence . "  I do n't think the abundance of movies that are put out by the entertainment industry are that violent or cause violence , " he told CNN on Thursday . Opinion : Three areas where Biden and NRA can find common ground Also , Glickman said , "  Hollywood does a pretty good job of letting parents know through its ratings system what kind of movie is coming out -- whether there 's violence or sexual conduct or other kinds of things . " Glickman was a U.S. representative from Kansas for nine terms but lost a re-election bid in 1994 . He blames that loss partly on supporting an assault weapons ban . "  I would vote for it again and thought it was the right thing to do , " he said Thursday . He called it "  a very politically sensitive issue , " particularly among law-abiding gun owners who see it as a threat to their ownership of guns . Biden said Wednesday that while legislative action is needed to prevent mass shootings , Obama is also exploring executive orders . Keene , the NRA president , told CNN that "  some things you can do by executive orders , some things you ca n't do by executive orders . Some things you do by executive orders need money to be implemented , and that 's up to Congress . " Wal-Mart , Dick 's Sporting Goods and Bass Pro Shops were among 10 retailers who were to meet Thursday with Attorney General Eric Holder , who is part of the panel . Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest retailer , triggered controversy earlier in the week when it said its officials were unavailable to attend the meeting because of scheduling . The company soon reversed its decision , saying it had "  underestimated the expectation to attend . " The NRA has argued that it is committed to keeping people protected , but that a focus on stricter gun control is misguided . NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre has called for all U.S. schools to have armed guards . Keene later told CNN the group supports schools choosing whether they want armed guards . What recommendations do you want to see ? Post in the comments below or join our discussion on Facebook . CNN 's Brooke Baldwin contributed to this report .	White House task force meeting was disappointing , the NRA says Movies do n't cause violence , the former head of movie industry group tells CNN Many groups are pushing for universal background checks , Vice President Joe Biden says Many also support taking action on high-capacity magazines , he says
Tea party-backed Mississippi senate candidate Chris McDaniel is weighing whether to challenge the results of his surprising Republican runoff loss to veteran incumbent Thad Cochran . But McDaniel contends Cochran 's tactic of courting Democratic support in a crossover primary was misplaced in a GOP election even though state law permits it . In a statement , McDaniel said the move was "  unbecoming . " "  In the case of yesterday 's election , we must be absolutely certain that our Republican primary was won by Republican voters , " he said . "  In the coming days , our team will look into the irregularities to determine whether a challenge is warranted . " Democrats turning out for Cochran is just the tip of the iceberg in an already bizarre race marred by name-calling , mudslinging , allegations of cheating and a break-in at a nursing home where the senator 's bedridden wife lives . Cochran was one of two longtime members of Congress who went into Tuesday with their political fates hanging in the balance appear to have survived intra-party challenges . In a high-profile New York primary , U.S. Rep. Charlie Rangel emerged victorious in what he says is his last race , posting a second straight narrow win over the same opponent he faced two years ago when he barely kept his seat in the House . "  I want each one of you to go home and know that this was your victory , " he told supporters . "  This is your congressman and you can rest assured that all I will be doing is thinking about you and bringing these resources home . " But Rangel 's challenger , state Sen. Adriano Espaillat , was n't conceding on Wednesday . 5 things we learned from Tuesday 's primaries Democrats come out in GOP contest Mississippi has no recount provisions in its election laws . The only challenge to election results must go through the courts . Mississippi law allows anyone to vote in the runoff , meaning Democrats could go to the polls as long as they had n't voted in the Democratic primary and did n't plan to vote for their party 's candidate in the general election . By CNN 's count , about 61,000 more people voted Tuesday than in the primary two weeks ago . Cochran 's backers turned to Democrats , especially African-Americans , who make up 37 % of the state 's population . They actively reminded voters of the senator 's work to secure federal funds for programs such as Head Start and certain medical centers in the state . Henry Barbour , who helps run the pro-Cochran group Mississippi Conservatives with his uncle , former Gov. Haley Barbour , said he was proud that his organization was active in the effort to court Democratic voters . "  It just makes sense that you would talk to folks who are n't just like you . I think that 's a healthy thing . I think most people in America think that 's a good thing , " he said , arguing that the strategy could be helpful for other Republicans nationwide , especially as the GOP works to rebrand its image . Barbour also dismissed McDaniel 's criticism of the strategy , saying his comments were "  hogwash . " "  I 'm afraid he 's wrong , " Barbour said . "  People have a right to vote and I 'm damn proud to have asked them for their support . " Conservative groups supportive of McDaniel dispatched volunteers to observe poll workers to see if they were turning away those who already showed up in the Democratic primary . But those efforts mobilized groups such as the NAACP , which sent out its own volunteers to look for any signs of voter intimidation or interference . In his victory speech , Cochran seemed to at least wink at the crossover voters , thanking supporters for getting them and his supporters to the polls . "  You are the ones who helped reach all the voters , make sure that they knew that they were important to this election because it 's a group effort , it 's not a solo , " he told a victory celebration in Jackson . "  And so we all have a right to be proud of our state tonight . Thank you for this wonderful honor and wonderful challenge that lies ahead . " McDaniel outpolled Cochran by about 1,400 votes in the June 3 primary but was forced into a runoff when he failed to cross the 50 % threshold to win outright . 2014 Midterm Elections Rangel 's last dance ? Rangel had said win or lose this race was his last campaign . The Korean War veteran was trying to keep from getting pushed out of office by Espaillat , who came within about 1,100 votes of ousting Rangel in the Democratic primary two years ago . Rangel , the former chairman of the tax-writing House Committee on Ways and Means , was forced to step down from that post in 2010 , and the House censured him for ethics violations later that year . Just as damaging for Rangel was the redrawing of New York 's 13th Congressional District after the 2010 election -- from a Harlem-based , African-American-dominated district to one that now has a Hispanic majority , thanks to shedding parts of Harlem and adding other neighborhoods in northern Manhattan and parts of the Bronx . Rangel , the "  Lion of Harlem " and a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus , said he did n't put up much of a fight in 2012 . "  I did n't have a campaign last time . When he told me he was running , I was in Columbia Presbyterian with a viral infection in my spine . " Espaillat said early Wednesday he was n't giving in until all the votes were counted . He was down by 1,800 votes , with 99 % of the precincts counted , according to AP numbers . "  As we learned in 2012 , every single vote needs to be counted in this race . Given the thousands of votes outstanding , the people of Upper Manhattan and the Bronx deserve a full accounting of every vote to achieve a complete and accurate tally in this race , " Espaillat said in a statement . Tea party vs. establishment battle with a twist Rep. James Lankford easily won Oklahoma 's Republican Senate primary in a race to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Tom Coburn . He defeated former state House Speaker T.W. Shannon . Coburn 's announcement in January that he would step down at the end of the year -- with two years left in his term -- sparked a competitive primary in Oklahoma to replace the conservative senator . There were seven candidates in the race , but the contest turned into a battle between the two front-runners : Lankford and Shannon . For a party looking for more diversity , the 36-year old Shannon , who was the youngest speaker ever of the Oklahoma House , was an attractive choice . He 's part Native American and African-American . He was backed by such tea party heroes as Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . And some national anti-establishment organizations pumped big bucks into the race in support of Shannon . But many local tea party groups kept their distance , with some questioning Shannon 's outsider credentials . In fact , Shannon 's no stranger to politics . He worked for Republican Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma and former Rep. J.C. Watts before launching his political career . Lankford , who has risen through the ranks to become Republican Policy Committee chairman -- the fifth-ranking House Republican -- in two terms in Congress , was criticized by many on the right for his vote to raise the debt ceiling . But labeling the Baptist minister with strong social conservative backing as an establishment candidate was a hard case to make . "  The job is clear , " Lankford repeated throughout his victory speech , ticking off a number of Republican positions on how to fix the economy , including repealing Obamacare , cutting down on environmental regulation and limiting federal spending . "  I was a member of the class of 2010 in the House of Representatives . It was that class that moved Nancy Pelosi back to flying coach again , " he said . "  If we win in November , I pray we can do this same thing for Sen.  Harry  Reid . " Conceding the race , Shannon said : "  Tonight this campaign is over , but our cause remains and our cause continues . "  We must get rid of Harry Reid . That means we have to send Republicans to the Senate , and that Republican is James Lankford . " Other races on our radar CNN projects that Maryland Lt. Gov. Anthony Brown will win the state 's Democratic gubernatorial primary . The two-term lieutenant governor faced off in an ugly primary battle against state Attorney General Doug Gansler and state lawmaker Heather Mizeur . In a state dominated by Democrats , Brown will now be considered the favorite in the general election to succeed term-limited Democratic Gov. Martin O'Malley . Brown was backed by O'Malley , a potential 2016 Democratic presidential candidate , as well as former President Bill Clinton . Brown will go on to face Republican Larry Hogan in the general election . If he wins in November , Brown would become the third African-American elected governor in U.S. history .  $ cents In Colorado , CNN projects that former Rep. Bob Beauprez will win the GOP primary for governor , topping anti-immigration firebrand Tom Tancredo , a former congressman and presidential hopeful , and two other candidates . Beauprez will face Democratic Gov. John Hickenlooper in November .  $ cents And in Florida , Republican businessman Curt Clawson won the special general election to replace embattled former Rep. Trey Radel . Clawson easily defeated Democrat April Freeman and two other candidates in the race for the state 's 19th Congressional District . The heavily Republican district runs along Florida 's Gulf of Mexico coast from Cape Coral and Fort Myers south to Naples and Marco Island . Clawson will serve out the remainder of Radel 's term , which runs through the end of the year . There will be an August primary ahead of November 's general election . Radel , a fellow Republican , was arrested last year for cocaine possession , and he resigned from Congress in January .	Six-term Sen. Thad Cochran , R-Mississippi , holds off tea party challenger Longtime lawmaker Charlie Rangel claims victory in tough New York primary Rep. James Lankford wins GOP Senate primary in Oklahoma McDaniel weighing whether to challenge vote
Marietta , Georgia  CNN  The little-known star of this week 's No. 1 car chase movie , "  Furious 7 " is n't a car . It 's an airplane . Film producers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high , open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out in a spectacular free-fall stunt . Geronimo ! Happy 60th birthday to the Hercules -- the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history . Lockheed has been making these airplanes longer than the legendary B-52 bomber and the famous U2 spy jet . Unlike those planes , the C-130 has never become a household name . The fact that "  Furious 7 " producers chose a plane that was designed in the 1950s tells you a little something about the success of the Hercules . The film makes it appear as if another plane -- a C-17 Globemaster III -- drops the cars . But in real life , it took a Hercules to pull it off . Shooting the scene posed unique logistical challenges , said stunt coordinator Jack Gill in a featurette video about the mission . "  You start throwing all those cars out together -- you 've got to figure out spacing . And these things drop very fast , " Gill said . Jeremiah Beaudin of International Air Response co-piloted the stunt . "  We have to be very precise in our headings and our altitudes , " he says in the video . The Hercules is big . It 's tough . It 's versatile . It refuels helicopters in flight . It can fly a small military force and its heavy equipment around the world -- and land on short , unfinished airstrips . At Lockheed 's Marietta , Georgia , factory in 1955 , the governor of Georgia christened the first production C-130A by smashing a bottle of Chattahoochee River water across its nose . The plane then proceeded to take off from nearby Dobbins Air Force Base . On Tuesday , exactly 60 years later , Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal recreated the ceremony -- christening a brand new Super Hercules during a birthday party of sorts for Lockheed executives and military dignitaries . "  I 'm told that the 2,500 th version of this aircraft is now on the  assembly  line inside this building , " Deal said . "  It transports , it becomes a war airplane as necessary and it is recognized as the true workhorse . " Inside the plane 's cockpit , Lockheed test pilot Steve Knoblock said he 's done a lot of air-drop testing while flying C-130s . "  We 've dropped some crazy things out , " Knoblock said . "  Air dropping a car out of an airplane is easy . Whatever we can fit inside the  cargo  hold , we can drop . " Several factors come into play for a pilot making a drop , Knoblock said , including payload weight , wind speed and timing . "  We have to give time for the car to clear the airplane , let the parachutes deploy , and then actually open , " he said . One tricky decision involves how high the plane drops its cargo . "  There 's a trade off -- between dropping it low and being more accurate ... and dropping it high where you have a little more safety in how it will land . " Knoblock also explained how the C-130 's robust landing gear helps the plane survive difficult landing conditions . "  The pilot gets to decide how hard the touchdown 's going to be , " he said . "  Sometimes to get his performance , he needs to really let it crunch on the ground . But the airplane can handle it . " Meanwhile , in the back of the plane , Lockheed loadmaster Lucky Madsen showed off the plane 's new reversible deck , which makes it easier to switch the floor from a flat surface ... to a floor with rollers embedded in it . The rollers make it easier to move cargo around and launch it out the back of the airplane . The legacy surrounding the Hercules has been built by 60 years of successful missions , including : In 1989 , a flight crew aboard a Hercules named Teal 57 was credited with saving the crew of a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration hurricane hunter airplane . While flying through Hurricane Hugo , the NOAA plane lost an engine and suffered damage to a second engine . Teal 57 happened to be nearby and located a safe place for the NOAA plane to escape the eye of the deadly Category 5 storm . Everyone returned safely to base . In 2012 , Israeli Brig. Gen. Joshua Shani revealed how he flew a Hercules on a successful hostage rescue mission to Entebbe , Uganda . Four C-130s helped rescue passengers from a hijacked Air France flight in 1976 . "  At some places that were particularly dangerous , we flew at an altitude of 35 feet , " to evade radar . "  Trust me , this is scary ! " he told idfblog.com . During the military build up to 2003 's U.S.-led invasion of Iraq , a Hercules test dropped the biggest conventional weapon in the Pentagon 's arsenal -- a so-called MOAB -- known in military circles as "  the mother of all bombs . " A C-130 ejected the 21,000-pound bomb out its rear cargo door high above Florida 's Eglin Air Force Base . The bomb fell to earth and detonated in a spectacular fire ball . In the past , the Air Force attached small solid-fuel rocket engines to some C-130s . The added power allowed steep takeoffs on super short runways . The Hercules was n't designed to land on aircraft carriers . They 're too short . Nonetheless , a Hercules did it -- during a test in 1963 . That 's how amazing this plane is . But nothing lasts forever , and the C-130 is no different . The Air Force has been developing a so-called "  super short takeoff and landing aircraft " that might replace the Hercules after 2020 . The Air Force Research Laboratory calls it Speed Agile . The proposed four-engine aircraft would be able to transport super heavy loads across oceans and to arrive and depart on short , improvised airfields . Pentagon planners apparently are hoping to create a Hercules-inspired success story that will extend into the latter half of the 21st century .	The type of plane used for a jaw-dropping stunt in "  Furious 7 " is 60 years old Lockheed 's C-130 Hercules is the longest continuously produced military plane in history C-130 factory in Georgia celebrates the flight of the first C-130 production model
CNN  -- A French family is planning to sail home from the United States on the Queen Mary 2 after British Airways declined to honor their return tickets , according to CNN affiliate WBBM . The Chenais family was supposed to fly home to France a week ago . The family has been in the United States seeking medical treatment for their 22-year-old son Kevin 's hormone disorder , the family told WBBM . Kevin Chenais weighs 500 pounds . "  The British Airways team worked tirelessly to try and find a solution for the family but unfortunately we can not safely accommodate the customer on any of our aircraft , " British Airways said in a statement . "  We were in regular contact with the family to discuss other options and we provided hotel accommodation throughout , " the airline said . The customer service team "  exhausted all options . We 'll always try to accommodate a customer if it 's at all possible and it 's safe to do so . " The airline offered the family a full refund . Read more : How to cope with shrinking airline seats Kevin Chenais requires oxygen and regular medical attention , WBBM reported . Kevin 's mother , Christina Chenais , told WBBM she does n't understand why the airline wo n't take Kevin home . "  If they could bring him here with that problem in economy , there is a way to take him back by economy , " she said . "  But just get him back home for his medical treatments to continue . " Generally , the airline would offer larger passengers the option to purchase another seat , an airline spokesman told CNN . British Airways would not comment on the specifics of the Chenais ' case , citing privacy concerns . The Chenais family plans to take the train to New York , WBBM reported , where they will board the Queen Mary 2 .	Man was in the U.S. seeking medical treatment , CNN affiliate reports British Airways : "  We can not safely accommodate the customer " Man 's mother : "  There is a way to take him back by economy "
Al-Zarqa , Jordan  CNN  -- Several civilians and scores of police officers were injured Friday when pro-monarchy supporters clashed with hard-line Islamic activists in this city a half hour northeast of the capital . The confrontation between government loyalists with dozens of Salafi jihadists -- followers of a strict interpretation of Islam who advocate jihad -- brought a violent end to what had been a largely peaceful demonstration during which protesters demanded the release of 200 jihadists being held in Jordanian prisons . The incident occurred as vehicles carrying Salafi activists came under a barrage of stones as they were leaving the city , the birthplace of former al Qaeda in Iraq leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . As the clashes between stone-hurling loyalists and knife-wielding Salafis escalated , police fired tear gas to disperse them and traded a volley of stones with Salafi supporters , witnesses said . After the incident , Jordanian public security department chief Hussein Majali told reporters that 83 police officers sustained injuries -- including knife wounds -- in what he described as a "  premeditated attack " by the Salafis . Of the total , 32 officers suffered smoke inhalation due to misfired tear gas , he added . Shiekh Saad Hneiti , a senior leader of the Jordanian Salafist movement , denied that there had been any premeditated attack , insisting that protesters picked up arms only in self-defense after coming under attack by pro-monarchy supporters . "  We were observing our right to peacefully express our opinions when we were attacked by plain-clothed security agents , " Hneiti told CNN . He added that two members and a senior leader of the movement were hospitalized with mild to severe injuries following the incident . Hneiti vowed that Jordan 's jihadists will continue to demonstrate in the streets until their demands are met . "  Our demands are pure and just and clear : we want our brothers freed from prison and to be governed by the Holy Quran , which most Jordanians support , " Hneiti said . "  You can attack us , you can imprison us , but you ca n't stop the will of the Muslim nation . " During Friday 's two-hour demonstration , held at al-Zarqa 's Omar bin Khatab Mosque , some 1,000 participants chanted slogans including "  The people want Sharia law , " "  Down with America , " and "  No to democracy , no to racism , no to globalism , only Islam . " Salafi jihadists are among several groups taking advantage of newfound freedom in Jordan , holding demonstrations across the country over the past month , calling for the release of imprisoned jihadists , and for the implementation of Sharia law . Unlike pro-democracy activists who have held weekly demonstrations across the Hashemite Kingdom since early January , Salafis reject calls for political reform as they view the Jordanian regime as "  un-Islamic . " The scene in Amman was more peaceful . There , more than 1,000 people marched Friday demanding democratic and economic reforms , protesting corruption and calling for social justice and constitutional changes . The protesters , from many political parties and opposition groups , took to the streets of the capital city demanding governmental and constitutional reforms and an end to what many call government corruption amid tight security from hundreds of police and security personnel . Laila Naffa , 66 , a leader of the Communist Party -- one of the main political parties demanding reform -- said that , amid ongoing revolutions across the Arab world , Jordanians too want change . "  Today with the revolutions sweeping the Arab world , Jordanians are taking to the street asking for the same slogans , freedom , social justice , because after the signing of the Wadi Araba Treaty with Israel , things have been deteriorating , " Naffa said . The 1994 treaty normalized relations between the two countries . "  Now we are asking to reform the system , freedom rights for legalizing political parties and for getting rid of the current political parties law , calling  for  and demanding free elections under the auspices of the judiciary control , reform of the constitution . ... This should be done through national dialogue and by the king to assure this will be implemented , " she added . Local media reported similar protests Friday in other cities , including Karak in the south and Irbid in the north . Jordanians have held regular protests since January . Most of them , unlike demonstrators in Arab countries that have seen uprisings , have not been seeking regime change but changes to the regime . In February , King Abdullah II sacked his prime minister and cabinet and instituted a number of economic measures and promises of political reform in an effort to appease those demands . But the protesters ' list of demands grew longer as many Jordanians felt emboldened by the popular uprisings in the region . Although the protests in Amman have been largely peaceful , more than 100 people were injured and one person died last month when pro-government loyalists attacked anti government protesters with sticks and stones . A CNN team at the protest reported that police forces used water cannon and batons to disperse a sit-in in a main Amman square . Mohamad Khateeb , a spokesman for the public security directorate , said Friday 's demonstrations in Amman were peaceful . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Kareem Khadder and Journalist Taylor Luck contributed to this story .	NEW : Several civilians and scores of police officers hurt in al-Zarqa Hundreds march in Amman and other cities across Jordan Protesters call for government , constitutional reforms No violence reported during demonstrations in capital
CNN  -- When Malala Yousufzai was shot for demanding that Pakistani girls receive an education , the world took notice . But the din from the 15 year-old 's assassination attempt by the Taliban resonated perhaps most loudly for people like Nadia Malik , the co-founder of the Global Partnership for Women and Girls . "  After the reality of what happened settled in , it only emphasized how important our mission is , " Malik said . In January 2012 , the Global Partnership for Women and Girls was formed to promote the educational and economic advancement of Muslim women and girls . The fund is a special project of Rockefeller Philanthropy Advisors and has funded pilot projects in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Egypt , Senegal and the Palestinian territories . Malik 's mission with the Global Partnership for Women and Girls is a simple concept with complex realities . The philanthropy supports Muslim women and girls and their communities by investing in strategic and innovative nongovernmental organizations . The fund tries to accomplish this goal in societies where there is no level playing field for women . "  According to data from the Pew Research Center , Muslims represent 22 % of the world 's population , " Malik said . "  Yet Muslim-majority countries only contribute 11.2 % to global GDP . There are more than 800 million Muslim women and girls in the world who represent an eighth of the world 's population , but gender disparities contribute to the gap in global GDP . " But Malik says the Global Partnership for Women and Girls knows that the approach in Muslim societies needs to be sensitive to the local culture in order to work . In Afghanistan , the group partners with the Noor Educational and Capacity Development Organization to train 100 imams and 25 active female leaders to address women 's rights across madrassas , or religious schools , in the war-ravaged country . The program is changing the way women are perceived . Malik describes an incident after one of the Friday sermons when an elderly man spoke out , clearly moved by the experience . "  He said , ' I have committed all sorts of violence against my daughters . I have received walwar  bride price  for them . I stopped them from getting an education . I forced their marriages . They are suffering every day because of my wrongs . Why were these imams not talking on these issues before ? ' " Malik says that reaction is evidence that the program is working . "  Men are very much a part of the solution . Without engaging men and boys in some aspect of our work , the sustainability of the varied projects could be adversely impacted , " she said . "  This training effort is an important step in dispelling the myths of human rights in Islam and combating domestic violence . " The project , in partnership with he Noor Educational and Capacity Development Organization , is also a Clinton Global Initiative Commitment . Director Jamila Afghani says the program is its own kind of revolution because religious leaders once known for oppressing women now use the words of the Quran to promote fairness for them . "  These imams then have to work with other imams and preach the issue of women rights during the Jumma Khutbas  Friday sermons  to the public attending the prayers , so by this way we could reach thousands of people both male and female , " Afghani wrote in an e-mail . A similar project in neighboring Pakistan is also under way . Teacher training in female madrassas in Pakistan was broadened to include subjects such as math , science , history , gender equality , non-violence and human rights . Malik said this project was particularly successful because the local tribal leaders believed in its importance . "  We know how important it is to work within the local communities to address these challenges and opportunities in a way that is non-threatening to their environment . GPWG believes that these challenges are global but the solutions are indeed local , " Malik said . The fact that these programs are occurring in regions plagued by conflict is not lost on organizers who say the prospect of gender equality promotes peace . "  Peace and prosperity abroad means peace and prosperity for all of us in America , " Malik said . "  It 's in our national interest to invest in women and girls . "	Malala 's shooting reinforces program 's mission Fund promotes equality and education where there 's no level playing field for women The program is changing the way women are perceived Project was successful because tribal leaders believed in its importance
The Korean Air executive who kicked up a fuss over a bag of nuts will resign from her remaining posts with the airline , the company chairman -- who is also her father -- said Friday . The executive , Heather Cho , found herself at the center of a media storm after she ordered that a plane turn back to the gate and that a flight attendant be removed -- all because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate in first class . Although her role put her in charge of in-flight service , she was only a passenger on the flight and was not flying in an official capacity . The incident , which took place last week at New York 's JFK airport , stirred anger among the South Korean public over Cho 's behavior . Cho , whose Korean name is Cho Hyun-ah , resigned Tuesday from the airline 's catering and in-flight sales business , and from its cabin service and hotel business divisions , the company said . But the 40-year-old kept her title as a vice president of the national carrier , according to company spokesman . That 's going to change , her father , Cho Yang-ho , said Friday as he made a public apology for what happened . She will be resigning from the vice president job and positions held in affiliate companies , he said . Asked by reporters how the incident could have happened , the company chairman blamed himself , saying he 'd raised her badly . ` Outburst of anger ' A local English-language newspaper , The Korea Times , said her behavior has deepened public resentment of South Korea 's large family-owned corporations , known as chaebol . "  Through her outburst of anger , she not only caused inconvenience to KAL passengers , but also to those on other flights , " the newspaper said in an editorial Tuesday . The most annoying type of airline passenger is ... South Korean authorities are now investigating the incident , which occurred on a flight due to take off for Incheon International Airport near Seoul . Cho arrived at the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport on Friday as part of the investigation , according to local TV coverage . She spoke in such a low voice that it was inaudible from the TV footage . ` An excessive act ' Korean Air apologized for any inconvenience to those on the flight and said there had been no safety issues involved . The plane arrived at its destination 11 minutes behind schedule , according to the South Korean news agency Yonhap . "  Even though it was not an emergency situation , backing up the plane to order an employee to deplane was an excessive act , " the airline said earlier this week . "  We will re-educate all our employees to make sure service within the plane meets high standards . " The airline also issued an apology on Heather Cho 's behalf , Yonhap reported , in which she asked for forgiveness and said she would take "  full responsibility " for the incident . According to her biography on the website of Nanyang Technological University , Heather Cho joined the airline in 1999 and has since been "  actively involved in establishing a new corporate identity for Korean Air . " She studied at Cornell University and the University of Southern California .	Airline chairman : Heather Cho will be resigning from all posts with the company Korean Air said previously she had resigned from some roles but was keeping her VP title The chairman , who is also her father , blames himself , saying he raised her badly Cho ordered a plane back to the gate after a flight attendant served nuts in a bag
Washington  CNN  -- In rural southern Virginia , 14-term Democratic Rep. Rick Boucher says he 's never had an election enemy quite like the ones he 's facing this year . Its not his opponent , but instead it 's what he calls a "  shadowy " group that is funding television ads against him . "  Rick Boucher is trying to deceive you ... Boucher has failed to protect our jobs . Now it 's time Rick Boucher loses his , " the ad 's narrator says . The 30-second commercial was paid for by Americans for Job Security , a conservative-leaning group which , according to the nonpartisan watchdog group OpenSecrets.org , has spent nearly $ 8 million against Democratic candidates nationwide . On its website , Americans for Jobs Security states that its members are "  businesses , business leaders and entrepreneurs from around the country , " but blatantly states it will not disclose the names of its individual members or donors . Boucher , who says he 's spent $ 300,000 of his campaign funds to counter the ad , rails against the secretive nature of the organization . "  We have no idea who these individuals are , " Boucher said . "  It could be someone who has a corporate identity in the United States . It could be a very wealthy individual who has some grudge against me and is putting this advertisement on the air as a consequence . " Americans for Job Security identifies itself on its website as a 501  c   6  business league . That 's a tax status for a nonprofit operation that can be involved in politics but not as its primary purpose . This particular tax status also means it does not have to disclose its donors . Read IRS regulations on 501  c   6  business leagues Groups such as Americans for Job Security are outside the Democratic and Republican parties and are likely benefiting from a Supreme Court decision earlier this year . That ruling , made on free speech grounds , allows corporations and unions to spend unlimited money to help defeat or promote candidates . That means even watchdog groups that track money flowing through elections ca n't find out who funds the groups . "  When you 're just trying to figure out who is truly behind that television message that you 're seeing on TV , you do n't know who 's behind it , and that makes it more difficult as a voter to actually have the requisite information to go into the voting booth and make an informed choice , " said Dave Levinthal of OpenSecrets.org . Republican sources have told CNN that Americans for Job Security has only one full-time employee , Steve DeMaura . His office is in Alexandria , Virginia , across the Potomac River from Washington . CNN left multiple phone messages for DeMaura , but he did not return the calls . Conservative-leaning outside groups have already spent $ 121.6 million this election season compared with $ 79.1 million spent by liberal-leaning outside groups , according to OpenSecrets.org . Another conservative group , Americans for Prosperity , expects to raise and spend about $ 35 million this election . "  We simply educate the public , " said Tim Phillips , the group 's president . Part of that money is funding a television ad running in Colorado targeting first-term Democratic Rep. Betsy Markey , which says , "  To small businesses , Betsy Markey is the same as Nancy Pelosi . " Who are Americans for Prosperity 's donors ? The Texas billionaire Koch brothers are the group 's founders and give significant dollars . But besides them , it 's unclear . Phillips also makes no apologies for not revealing donors . "  Most of it is private individuals , but we 're glad to have their support and we do tell them , ` Look we 're going to protect your privacy as the law allows us to do . ' " President Obama has made it a regular practice lately to call out Americans for Prosperity by name in his effort to attack outside groups for spending tens of millions against Democrats without disclosing donors . "  They are now allowed to spend as much as they want , unlimited amounts of money , and they do n't have to reveal who is paying for these ads , " Obama said at a recent Democratic fundraiser . "  Millions of dollars being spent by groups with harmless-sounding names , Americans for Prosperity , the Committee for Truth in Politics , or Moms for Motherhood . " Phillips said the president 's attacks have actually helped Americans for Prosperity raise more money . "  If the president wants to use us as a punching bag , let him , " he said . "  It does help funding , and it helps generate new grassroots support . " Despite tough talk from Obama targeting Republican-backed outside groups , it 's a mutual election-year undertaking . Democrats have their own groups supporting them , such as Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund and Citizens for Strength and Security Action Fund , which are not disclosing their donors . In New Mexico , where former Rep. Steve Pearce is running for his old seat , Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund is running an ad against him . As eerie music plays in the background the narrator says , "  Congressman Steve Pearce , named one of the most corrupt members of Congress . " In Washington state , Citizens for Strength and Security Action Fund is running an ad promoting Democratic Sen. Patty Murray . And Democrats have smaller outside groups aimed at getting Democratic voters to the polls . Our Community Votes was originally started by veteran union strategist Steve Rosenthal . This year , according to an official familiar with the organization , it is running programs in Missouri , Maryland and Pennsylvania to encourage Democratic voters to go the polls . They 're targeting African-American voters and "  drop-off voters , " those who went to the polls for Obama in 2008 but may not be likely to return for this year 's midterm election . Our Community Votes is yet another Democratic group that does not disclose its donors . Democrats are also using a new weapon in the big money game of politics : the super PAC . Super PACs work independently of candidates . Unlike regular political action committees , they can raise and spend unlimited money to try to defeat or promote candidates . But super PACs must disclose their donors . Patriot Majority is one of the biggest of these new groups , and it is concentrating its efforts in Nevada , spending at least $ 5 million so far on ads against Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's opponent , Republican Sharron Angle . The television ad 's narrator begins , "  For a victim of rape or incest , Sharron Angle would force her to have the baby . " The ad then plays audio of Angle . "  Two wrongs do n't make a right . " Craig Varoga , a longtime Democratic strategist who runs Patriot Majority , told CNN his group will significantly step up spending in the final three weeks before the election . Varoga expects to raise and spend as much as $ 10 million on the Reid race and other key Democratic races around the country . Varoga says his group is funded mostly by labor unions , in-state individual supporters and nonunion progressive groups , but he did not provide the names of these groups . Watchdog organizations say transparency is still a problem with these groups . "  They do n't have to do it -LSB- reveal donors -RSB- in real time , " said Levinthal of OpenSecrets.org . "  If they put a television ad up , there 's no disclaimer at the end of the advertisement saying that this ad was paid for by these different corporations or these different unions . "  In fact , since Patriot Majority raised most of its money in the past few months , recent Federal Election Commission filings do n't reveal the majority of its donors . Patriot Majority 's third quarter FEC filing is due this week -- three weeks before the election -- and will list the more recent donors . " Varoga laments that Democrats are lagging behind Republican efforts to use these new political identities to raise large sums of money . "  They are Goliath , and we are David , " he said . "  We are fighting back , and we 're going to use the slingshot that we have in order to fight this fight . " Another super PAC is American Families First Action Fund . It 's an outside group organized primarily by a Democratic insider , who once headed up Democratic Party efforts to elect members to Congress . He helped start the group five weeks ago to compete with Republicans . And although American Families First Action Fund is required to disclose who funds it , CNN is told that the group itself was one of the secret donors to the Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund in its ad against Pearce . It is a hard trail to follow , which underscores the point that Democrats , too , are trying to play carefully in what the president calls a shadowy world . In fact , while American Families First Action Fund may be a super PAC that must disclose its donors , it has a sister organization , Americans Families Fund Inc. , which does not . Multiple Democratic sources tell CNN there is great frustration in some Democratic circles with the president 's attacks on Republican groups . These sources say the president has made it harder to persuade Democratic donors to contribute to their outside groups , which for better or worse , are emerging as significant players in this year 's election .	Political groups operate outside parties and do not have to reveal members or donors It 's difficult for voters to figure out who is behind messaging , watchdog group says President Obama has attacked groups for spending millions without disclosing donors Democratic-leaning groups are also cloaking their funding sources , however
CNN  -- Gene Barfield and his partner , Tim LaCroix , celebrated their 30th anniversary by getting married . The two met when they were both serving in the Navy , and last week , the military veterans became the first same-sex couple to be legally married by a tribe in Michigan . The pair exchanged vows on a cold but sunny morning at the government headquarters of the Little Traverse Bay Bands of Odawa Indians . LaCroix is a citizen of the LTBB , a federally recognized Native American tribe . Earlier this month , the LTBB tribal council voted to recognize same-sex unions as long as at least one member of the couple was a citizen of the tribe . LaCroix and Barfield were married the same morning that the tribal chairman signed the legislation into law . "  Gene had a heart attack last year , so we 're aware that we need to do this now . We have less years in front of us than we do behind us , " said LaCroix . "  Plus I just want to marry him . I love him , " he added . The couple lives in Boyne City , Michigan , on a 30-acre farm that has been in LaCroix 's family for generations . "  We did n't want to go to another state to get married . We always wanted to have the wedding here in the state of Michigan . It 's our home , " LaCroix said . The state of Michigan , however , says it will not recognize their marriage . "  The Michigan Constitution defines marriage as a union between one man and one woman . Same-sex marriages performed in other states , countries , or in sovereign tribal nations are not valid in the state of Michigan , " said Joy Yearout , spokeswoman for Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette . Under U.S. policy , Native American tribes like the LTBB are self-governing and therefore able to make and enforce their own laws -- including ones governing marriage of tribal citizens . In 2004 , Michigan approved a constitutional amendment legally defining marriage as being between a man and a woman . Thirty-seven other states have laws or amendments similarly defining marriage , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Barfield and LaCroix say they are optimistic the tide is shifting in favor of same-sex marriage . "  Marriage was inconceivable for me for such a long time , but now that has changed , " Barfield said . Last year , for the first time , voters in several states approved same-sex marriage statewide at the ballot box . Similar measures had been rejected for years . Same-sex couples became free to marry in Maryland , Maine and Washington . Gay rights supporters also scored a smaller victory in Minnesota , where voters rejected a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage . Before 2012 , six states had already legalized gay marriage -- but via courts and legislatures , not voters . More Americans favor same-sex marriage than oppose it , according to a recent Pew Research Center poll . The LTBB is the third tribe to recognize same-sex marriages , after the Coquille Tribe of Oregon and the Suquamish Tribe of Washington . Getting married is not the end of the journey for LaCroix and Barfield . They would like their marriage and those of other gays and lesbians to be legally accepted in every state . The biggest hurdle the couple faces is the federal Defense of Marriage Act , known as DOMA . The 1996 law allows states to ignore the marriage laws of other states and it specifically exempts states from being forced to accept tribal same-sex marriages . The Supreme Court is expected to rule on a legal challenge to DOMA this term . Photos : The art of same-sex weddings Barfield and LaCroix hope their union will be part of the ongoing legal and personal discussions about marriage rights for gays and lesbians . Barfield asks people to keep an open mind . "  We served our country to uphold those people 's rights to protest our right to get married , " he said . "  If you 're good enough to bear arms for your country or to die in some lonely valley in Afghanistan , you 're good enough to come home and get married . " Barfield and LaCroix said they are thrilled to finally be able to express their love in marriage , and they are mindful that their simple ceremony could hold meaning for other gays and lesbians . "  After waiting 30 years , we had patience and it finally happened . And you want to help people who are also in that struggle , " LaCroix said . Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Michigan tribe performs its first same-sex marriage ceremony The state of Michigan will not recognize the marriage Partners Gene Barfield and Tim LaCroix are optimistic the tide is shifting
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A series of explosions in eastern Afghanistan killed at least one person and wounded six on Sunday , officials said . In the first attack , a car bomb targeted a building belonging to National Directorate of Security , near the city of Jalalabad in Nangarhar province , a government spokesman said . The early morning blast killed one person and wounded two others , provincial spokesman Ahmad Zia Abdulzai said . In a second attack , a minibus packed with explosives targeted a police checkpoint in Logar province , said Den Mohammad Darwish , provincial government spokesman said . That blast wounded three people , he said . And in a third attack , a suicide bomber detonated his vest at the gate of a police headquarters in the Baraki Barak district of Logar province , police said . One police officer was wounded , said Raees Khan , chief of security for Logar police . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said the group was responsible for all three attacks , but gave different casualty tolls for each . He said the attack in Nangarhar province killed 14 people , the minibus blast in Logar province wounded 20 , and the suicide bombing in Logar province killed 13 . The Taliban are known for claiming responsibility for attacks and inflating casualty numbers . Separately , a would-be suicide bomber was shot and killed in Kabul before he could carry out an attack , police said . The man was driving a car packed with explosives and tried to enter the area of the Internal Security and High Peace Council offices in Kabul , Deputy Police Chief Daoud Amin said . He was also wearing a suicide vest , Amin said . Mujahid , the Taliban spokesman , said the group was not responsible for the planned attack in Kabul . CNN 's Karen Smith and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : The Tailban claims responsibility for three attacks in eastern Afghanistan Official : One person died after a car bomb targeted a national security building In a second attack , an explosive-laden minibus targeted a police checkpoint In a third attack , a suicide bomber detonated his vest at the gate of a police headquarters
CNN  -- Democrat Terry McAuliffe , buoyed by strong results from voters in Northern Virginia , has defeated Republican Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli in the race for Virginia 's governor , CNN projects . While both campaigns took on national issues , such as the partial government shutdown earlier this year and the health care law 's flawed rollout , the race was nasty from the outset and devolved into incessant mudslinging and personal attacks . Voters throughout the commonwealth of Virginia were bombarded by negative ads . Libertarian Robert Sarvis , a third-party candidate , has pulled in 7 % of the vote with more than 90 % of the vote counted . That 's a significant chunk when the Republican and Democratic candidates are so close . McAuliffe will succeed Republican Gov. Bob McDonnell , who 's not running for re-election because Virginia governors can not serve consecutive terms . What might make results from Virginia -- along with races including a gubernatorial contest in New Jersey , a race for mayor in New York City and a primary battle for a U.S. House seat in Alabama -- most interesting is what they may tell us about 2014 midterms and the 2016 race for the White House . 5 things to know about this year 's most important race Democrat Bill de Blasio has defeated Republican nominee Joe Lhota in the race for mayor of New York City , CNN projects , making the public advocate the first Democrat to lead the nation 's largest city in 20 years . After de Blasio won the Democratic nomination in a crowded and circus-like field earlier this year , the liberal Democrat 's victory in the general election was never in question . All polls going into the election had de Blasio defeating Lhota in a landslide , with one released Monday indicating de Blasio was ahead of Lhota with likely voters by more than 40 % . Earlier Tuesday night , in another long-predicted result , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie won four more years leading the Garden State by defeating Democratic state Sen. Barbara Buono in the state 's gubernatorial race . Christie 's victory became a forgone conclusion long before polls closed in New Jersey , as public opinion polls for months have indicated the tough-talking Republican headliner was far ahead of his Democratic challenger . There are national implications to the race , too . With Christie considering a run for the GOP presidential nomination in 2016 , his re-election campaign is seen as a tuneup or stepping stone for that likely White House bid . According to CNN exit polls of New Jersey voters , Christie performed well with groups that normally cast ballots for Democrats . Early exit polls indicate the GOP governor grabbing 56 % of the female vote , and winning all age groups other than those 18-29 . Christie also took a fifth of the African-American vote and 45 % of Latinos , a much better performance than most Republicans in recent elections . Virginia and New Jersey are the only two states that hold elections for governor in the year after a presidential contest . And as a more moderate Republican won in New Jersey and a conservative Republican lost in Virginia , the establishment candidate defeated the tea party candidate in a Republican primary runoff for a congressional seat from Alabama 's 1st district . Bradley Byrne , a former state senator , defeated businessman Dean Young in the race , according to CNN projections . The contest was seen as a precursor to more intraparty fights ahead in primary elections for the 2014 midterms and was the first time Republican voters could weigh in on which direction they want to take their party after the partial federal government shutdown in October . Here 's a closer look at some of the night 's most interesting races and ballot measures : A nasty race in purple Virginia The McAuliffe and Cuccinelli campaigns engaged in nasty political warfare that took over the airwaves in Virginia . McAuliffe made sure women were aware of Cuccinelli 's support of "  personhood " legislation that critics say restricts abortion and some forms of birth control , while Cuccinelli frequently highlighted federal investigations of an electric car company that McAuliffe co-founded . Both sides also attempted to frame the race as a referendum on larger national issues . Cuccinelli 's supporters argued a vote against McAuliffe was a vote against Obamacare . McAuliffe and Democrats pinned Cuccinelli as a tea party activist , linking him to conservative lawmakers in Washington who initiated a strategy that eventually led to last month 's government shutdown . Democrat Terry McAuliffe wins Virginia governor 's race , CNN projects What Christie 's 2013 re-election bid tells us about 2016 Christie performed well with groups that normally cast ballots for Democrats . Early exit polls indicate the GOP governor grabbing 55 % of the female vote , and winning all age groups other than those 18 to 29 . Christie also took one fifth of the African-American vote and half of the Latino vote , a much better performance than most Republicans in recent elections . What Christie 's victory means for the next presidential race NYC picks first Democratic mayor in a generation At the center of the race were disagreements over taxes and the city 's controversial "  stop-and-frisk " program backed by incumbent Mayor Michael Bloomberg . De Blasio campaigned on a promise to raise taxes on those earning more than $ 500,000 a year to pay for universal prekindergarten , an idea Lhota vehemently opposed . While Lhota painted himself as a fiscal conservative , he sought distance from national Republicans on social issues by reiterating his support of abortion rights and same-sex marriage . De Blasio expected to win NYC mayoral race Deep-pocketed Republicans pick winner in Alabama Byrne , the establishment candidate , far outraised Young , the tea party candidate , thanks to major help from the business wing of the party , including the Chamber of Commerce . He also garnered endorsements from establishment figures , including several Republican House leaders . In total , Byrne has raised nearly $ 700,000 , with substantial donations from business community political action groups and individual business donors . Young , on the other hand , has raised $ 260,000 and has received donations from a political action committee run by former Nevada Republican Senate candidate Sharron Angle , a darling of the tea party movement , as well as endorsements from conservative talk show hosts Mark Levin and Erick Erickson . However , despite that support for smaller tea party personalities , Young was largely ignored by the national tea party groups . Tea Party Express , Club For Growth and FreedomWorks -- three of the largest national tea party groups -- sat on the sidelines of the intra-party fight . Establishment beats tea party in Alabama runoff Also on the ballot New York is not the only major city holding a mayoral contest on Tuesday . Voters in Boston , Seattle , Detroit and Cleveland are also electing mayors . And voters in six states will be weighing in on 31 ballot measures . Among the most interesting : genetically modified food labeling in Washington state , a proposed special marijuana tax in Colorado , secession in 11 Colorado counties and a push to raise New Jersey 's minimum wage to $ 8.25 per hour . Pot tax , secession top state 's ballot measures CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : The establishment candidate beat the tea party candidate in Alabama primary runoff Democrat Terry McAuliffe defeats Ken Cuccinelli in race for Virginia governor , CNN projects Bill de Blasio heads toward becoming first Democrat to lead NYC in 20 years Chris Christie easily takes another term as New Jersey governor
Is it possible to trademark the name of a holiday ? The Walt Disney Company was interested in doing so . On May 1 , the entertainment giant filed an application to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to secure the phrase "  Da de los Muertos , " or "  Day of the Dead , " across multiple platforms . Disney subsidiary Pixar is releasing a film -- for time being called "  The Untitled Pixar Movie About Dia de los Muertos " -- this fall . Here 's the problem -- Da de los Muertos is a traditional holiday celebrated on November 1 and 2 in Mexico and across Latin America . People honor the lives of lost family members or friends by building altars , holding processions , decorating gravesites and placing offerings for loved ones . Over the years , the holiday has gained a foothold in the United States , too . Disney hoped to secure the rights to the title "  Day of the Dead " and such themed merchandise as fruit preserves , fruit-based snacks , toys , games , clothing , footwear , backpacks , clocks and jewelry . But the Latino community raised a ruckus about the application on social media . Tweets included "  Tell @Disney not to trademark Day of the Dead . Culture is NOT for sale ! " from Presente.org , a national organization that "  exists to amplify the political voice of Latino communities . " "  Are we okay with @DisneyPixar commercializing our culture ? " tweeted Think Mexican , a Tumblr blog that says it 's aimed at "  connecting the Mexican community through culture and information . " "  How could Disney allow such a blunder , " marveled Lalo Alcaraz , a Mexican-American editorial cartoonist and founder of Pocho.com . "  I knew they were n't copyrighting the holiday , but I could n't believe they would let someone in their legal department let this happen . On the surface , it looks like Disney is trying to copyright the holiday . " Alcaraz is the author of La Cucaracha , a nationally syndicated comic that focuses on the country 's changing cultural and political landscape . His work has appeared in The New York Times , The Village Voice , Los Angeles Times and Variety . People on social media pressed Alcaraz for an editorial cartoon in response to the Disney decision . He responded with "  Muerto Mouse . " On Tuesday , a petition went up on Change.org to stop the Disney effort , stating that the attempt to trademark Da de los Muertos was "  cultural appropriation and exploitation at its worst . " On Friday evening , the petition had more than 21,000 signatures . "  Our spiritual traditions are for everyone , not for companies like Walt Disney to trademark and exploit , " wrote Grace Sesma , the petition 's creator . "  I am deeply offended and dismayed that a family-oriented company like Walt Disney would seek to own the rights to something that is the rightful heritage of the people of Mexico . " In 2003 , the Day of the Dead celebration was entered on the UNESCO list of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity . "  The Indigenous Festivity dedicated to the Dead are deeply rooted in the cultural life of the indigenous peoples of Mexico , " UNESCO told CNNMexico . But after the backlash , Disney withdrew its application this week . "  The trademark intended to protect any potential title of the movie or related activity , " a spokeswoman for Disney told CNNMexico . "  Since then , it has been determined that the title of the film will change , and therefore we are withdrawing our application for trademark registration . " Disney did not comment on whether social media reactions directly led to the decision to withdraw the application . This is n't the first time Disney has sought to trademark a controversial phrase . In 2011 , it tried to secure "  SEAL Team Six , " the Navy SEAL team that captured and killed Osama bin Laden , seeking exclusive rights for use on items from video games to backpacks . However , after receiving an overwhelming response from critics , Disney withdrew the application "  out of deference to the Navy . " Alcaraz says this "  blunder " would n't have happened if there were more people of color at large corporations . "  It 's just frustrating because I 've spoken to some of these companies begging them to have more people of color in the legal department , behind the camera and greenlighting projects , but they wo n't listen , " Alcaraz said . "  And not just tokens . It 's got ta be real . " Other companies and individuals have tried to trademark other Mexican symbols in the past , including Our Lady of Guadalupe , Mexico 's national anthem , Montezuma 's headdress , nopal  cactus  and tequila .	Disney filed a trademark application to secure the phrase "  Da de los Muertos " Entertainment giant 's Pixar division has Day of the Dead movie coming this fall But after receiving backlash on social media , Disney withdrew application "  How could Disney allow such a blunder , " wonders editorial cartoonist Lalo Alcaraz
The flu has n't hit Europe as hard as it has the United States , health officials say , but when and if it does , do n't expect a call for vaccination of the entire population . Only the U.S. and Canada actually encourage everyone older than 6 months to get the flu vaccine . Apparently , not a single country in Europe asks the general population to seek that same kind of protection , according to Robb Butler , the World Health Organization technical officer in vaccine preventable diseases and immunizations in the organization 's Europe office in the Netherlands . That 's because global health experts say the data are n't there yet to support this kind of blanket vaccination policy , nor is there enough money . In fact , some scientists say the enthusiasm for mass vaccination in the United States may hurt efforts to create a better vaccine . This year , a year in which the vaccine is supposed to be a good match to the virus , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates the vaccine is only 62 % effective . And in the segments of the population that are most susceptible to the extreme effects of the flu -- like the elderly , who make up the majority of the cases of flu-related deaths -- the vaccinations are even less effective . So is why is everyone urged to get vaccinated ? Three things we do n't know about the flu Simply put , it 's a clearer policy , and some protection is better than none at all , according to Dr. William Schaffner , the chair of the department of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University . He was also on the national committee that made the decision to encourage everyone to get vaccinated . "  It was debated by the CDC Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices for many years , and the indication for the use of influenza vaccine for an increasing number of groups on a piecemeal basis did n't make sense , " Schaffner said . In 2010 , the CDC expanded its guidance encouraging the vaccination of vulnerable population groups . "  When you do the back-of-the-envelope calculations  of all the separate groups recommended for vaccination  , you are actually already making a recommendation that 75 % of the population get it , " Schaffner said . "  And when it became apparent the issue of shortages was largely put on the back burner , then in 2010 , we said , ` Let 's simplify this and recommended this vaccine for anyone over 6 months old . ' " Regulators approve new insect-based flu vaccine It also helps that the flu vaccine is easy to get , he said . Pharmacies offer it . Companies sometimes bring in nurses to give shots to their employees on site . In Europe , only doctors are legally allowed to administer the vaccine , according to Butler . There may be another economic reason for more Americans to get vaccinated -- one in three U.S. workers get no paid time off when they are sick , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Generally , Europeans have much more generous sick leave policies . "  Although flu can be unpleasant , if you are otherwise healthy , the illness will usually clear up on its own and you will recover within a week , " according to Britain 's National Health Service website . Homemade survival kits battle the flu In a contrast to U.S. policy , the World Health Organization recommends only six "  priority populations " get "  the flu jab , " as it 's called in Britain . These six groups are nursing home residents , people with chronic medical conditions like asthma , the elderly , pregnant women , health care workers , and children from ages 6 months to 2 years , Butler said . They are more vulnerable to the severe effects of the flu or come into contact more often with this highly contagious virus . "  We think the recommendations we have right now  are  a good start , " Butler said . "  Universal campaigns are quite challenging and expensive . "  We have 53 countries in our region that all have different recommendations based on different studies and evidence , and the depth of evidence in Europe right now is pretty limited in terms of flu vaccines . We would need more evidence that more than these six key , target high-risk groups that are prioritized can benefit . " Online speculation says the U.S. call for general vaccination is merely a plot by drug companies to make a big profit . Flu vaccine poses no risk to unborn Shaffner says he hears that a lot , but it 's simply not true . "  I have received e-mails after people hear me encourage people to get the influenza vaccine , and they tell me I 'm part of some sort of pharmacy company conspiracy and that I 'm compromised by them . But influenza vaccines are not real blockbuster money-making drugs , " Shaffner said . "  If I could take some of these skeptics and bring them to the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices meeting , they would see how carefully the members debate these issues -- and it really is all for the benefit of the children and adults to prevent infectious diseases . " Influenza : By the numbers Michael Osterholm , director of the Minnesota Center of Excellence for Influenza Research and Surveillance at the University of Minnesota , believes people should get the vaccine , but he worries that the current policy gives the impression the vaccine is more effective than it actually is . "  This enthusiasm to get more people vaccinated gets in the way of a critical look at the science , " Osterholm said . Osterholm co-authored "  The Compelling Need for Game-Changing Influenza Vaccines , " which came out last October . It is an exhaustive study of this country 's vaccine war on flu . The authors examined more than 12,000 articles , studies and transcripts dating back to 1936 and interviewed 88 experts on the influenza vaccine . What they found was that there were some seasons in which the vaccination offers more protection than others , but ultimately , even in good years , the flu shot only offers moderate protection -- a "  pooled estimate of 59 % for healthy adults 18 to 64 years of age , inconsistent evidence of protection in children age 2 to 17 years , and a paucity of evidence for protection in adults 65 years of age and older . " For the nasal spray form of the vaccine , there is evidence of high protection for children aged 6 months to 7 years , inconsistent evidence of protection in adults 60 years of age and older , and a lack of evidence of protection in individuals between 8 and 59 years of age , the study says . That analysis shows significantly less effectiveness than what has been the conventional wisdom within the scientific community , Osterholm said . "  In promoting vaccination , it became a mantra that it was 70 to 90 % effective across all ages completely , and that was n't true , " Osterholm said . Historically , this expansion in policy over who should get vaccinated was based on "  professional judgment and not on scientifically sound data , " he said . Had a flu shot ? You 'll be OK -- maybe Osterholm 's study suggests this has been a general pattern in American public health history with relation to the flu vaccine . "  There is a real downside to the promotion  of the current flu vaccine  , as it dampens serious investment and shuts down any real interest in start-ups to create a more effective vaccine , " Osterholm said . "  There is a sense that a 59 % match is better than zero , but we would n't accept this with a disease like measles , which we seem to take more seriously . " The vaccine , however , is improving , according to Schaffner . "  Researchers are trying to make a genuinely better vaccine , including a universal vaccine that could combat all the different strains of flu that we could get every 10 years , as opposed to needing one annually , " Schaffner said . "  So cross your fingers . All of us wish we had a better vaccine . We know what we have is good , but not perfect . Until we have one , we have to do as much good as possible by vaccinating as many people as possible -- and in the meantime I 'll be watching the universal vaccine trials very carefully . " Flu shot myths addressed	The U.S. and Canada are the only countries to suggest vaccinating nearly everyone This year 's flu vaccine is only 62 % effective . Some worry that enthusiasm for the vaccine stops progress on more effective ones
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has expressed regret over a NATO air strike earlier in the week that resulted in the deaths of nine Afghan boys , according to a White House statement released Thursday . The president , during a video teleconference Wednesday with Afghan President Hamid Karzai , indicated his "  deep regret for the tragic accident in Kunar Province , " the statement said . Obama "  conveyed his condolences to the Afghan people and stressed that he and  top American commander Gen. David  Petraeus take such incidents very seriously . " Obama and Karzai "  agreed that such incidents undermine our shared efforts in fighting terrorism , " the statement said . U.S. Lt. General David Rodriguez released a video statement earlier Thursday describing the incident . Rodriguez said that on Tuesday , insurgents in mountains above a coalition base launched a rocket attack that wounded a U.S. civilian . Troops returned fire , and insurgents later shot another rocket at the troops . Two attack helicopters flew to the location where "  they were told the rockets came from , " identified who they thought were insurgents and killed nine people . Later , they found that the slain people were boys cutting wood . Rodriguez called the incident "  a terrible mistake " and promised disciplinary action if warranted . Civilian casualties during warfare in Afghanistan have hurt NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . The statements from top U.S. officials reflect the high priority coalition leaders place on avoiding such accidents . Rodriguez said such incidents are "  rare " when considering all of the operations the coalition undertakes . He said a lot of time is spent training soldiers on how to "  engage the right targets , " and directives are constantly reviewed . "  We have done much better preventing civilian casualties , " he said . "  But we acknowledge we have to do better . " Rodriguez said the military understands families ' grief over such deaths , and he said soldiers "  feel worse than they can express " when they "  do something terrible like mistakenly killing young boys . " "  They have to live with that for the rest of their lives , " he said . Rodriguez also urged Afghans to help their security forces battle insurgents . His statement followed a public apology Wednesday from Petraeus . "  We are deeply sorry for this tragedy and apologize to the members of the Afghan government , the people of Afghanistan , and , most importantly , the surviving family members of those killed by our actions , " Petraeus said . "  Regrettably , there appears to have been an error in the hand-off between identifying the location of the insurgents and the attack helicopters that carried out the subsequent operations . " Karzai condemned the incident "  in the strongest terms possible . " He noted the incident occurred less than 10 days after another incident "  that left many civilians dead in the same province . " On February 20 , Kunar Gov. Sayed Fazlullah Wahidi said 64 civilians had died in a joint operation by ISAF and Afghan security forces over several days . The dead included 20 women and 15 children , he said . Petraeus recently directed military commanders in Afghanistan to review changes meant to minimize civilian casualties . He has ordered commanders to brief helicopter attack crews again on the changes , he said .	NEW : Obama expresses regret for the deaths of the Afghan boys Helicopters mistakenly killed nine boys chopping wood Civilian casualties have hurt the coalition 's efforts over the years More than 60 civilians were killed during a February operation
DULUTH , Georgia  CNN  -- Neither the on-the-field fame nor the off-the-field notoriety of former Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick was enough to spark a bidding war for his suburban Atlanta mansion Tuesday . No one submitted the minimum $ 3.2 million bid for former Falcon Michael Vick 's Atlanta-area mansion . The multimillion-dollar home in Duluth was on the auction block Tuesday , but just three real estate agents showed up -- and one of them , Lance Hempen of Funari Realty , was a listing agent who had no clients interested in the property . No one offered a bid , so the auction ended before it began . The auction required a minimum bid of $ 3.2 million , with a deposit of $ 160,000 . Vick , 28 , is serving a 23-month sentence after pleading guilty in August 2007 to a federal conspiracy charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia . He is expected to be released early , possibly in May , and to serve the final two months or so of his sentence under home confinement , most likely in Virginia . No dogfights occurred in Duluth , 40 miles northeast of Atlanta . The home , in the upscale Sugarloaf Country Club community , has been on the market for more than a year . It has eight bedrooms , 11 bathrooms , a four-car garage and a movie theater , among other deluxe features . Narender Reddy of Metro Brokers/GMAC Real Estate said his client offered $ 3.2 million for the home two months ago , but the auction organizers said they wanted to see whether someone would offer more . Reddy said his client withdrew the bid but remains interested . "  Why would I let them use my offer as a benchmark ? " Reddy asked . "  I wanted to see who was going to bid and what were they going to offer . " He will advise his client to offer less money now , Reddy said . Seema Jain of Virtual Properties Realty also was on hand . She said that she has interested buyers but that they did n't want to bid if there was no competition . The next step is to be determined by the bankruptcy judge in Virginia who ordered the sale . Reddy said the price is too high for today 's economy . "  It is the economy that is dictating the price of the houses , and I 'm sure most of the people still think $ 3.2 million ... is higher than what the market can fetch , " he said . Jain said no one seems turned off by Vick 's reputation . "  Nobody cares about who owns it . It 's just the product and the location , " she said . Reddy said the home is "  well-built , has a lake view and an excellent floor plan . " CNN 's Amanda Moyer and Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .	No one submitted minimum $ 3.2 million bid for Michael Vick 's mansion Vick , former quarterback of the Atlanta Falcons , is in prison He was convicted last year in connection with dogfighting operation Mansion in Duluth , Georgia , has eight bedrooms , 11 bathrooms
CNN  -- Half a million homes remained without power across the Northeast and mid-Atlantic region on Sunday , as rain continued to pound states from West Virginia to Connecticut for a second day . The rain caused flooding and airport delays across the region , even as Saturday 's high winds -- reaching hurricane force in some areas -- waned dramatically on Sunday . "  High winds are over , but the rain and flood threat remain in Mid-Atlantic and Northeast , " CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said . "  There are major travel delays -- and more expected on Monday . " Some coastal areas have received up to six inches of rain since Saturday , according to the National Weather Service . Flood warnings remained in effect in parts of the Eastern Seaboard into Sunday night , including much of New England . Flooding in West Virginia caused one death there , authorities said . Con Edison reported more than 100,000 customers without power in New York City and Westchester County on Sunday , while the Long Island Power Authority said that 150,000 of its customers were without electricity . "  The ground is so wet from all the snow we 've had this winter , it 's helping the trees to topple over , as well as our utility poles , " said Long Island Power Authority president and CEO Kevin Law . "  The conditions are still too terrible to get crews out there . " Law said that some customers will likely go without power until early in the week . Roughly 100,000 New Jersey customers saw their electricity restored Sunday , along with 30,000 PPL Electric Utilities customers in Pennsylvania . But tens of thousands of other homes in New Jersey and Connecticut were still without power on Sunday . iReport : Share photos , video of storm damage The outages were mostly due to power lines downed by Saturday 's winds , which toppled trees and utility polls . Wind speeds reached 75 miles per hour at New York 's JFK International Airport -- as strong as a Category 1 hurricane -- and 72 miles per hour in Atlantic City , New Jersey . New York-area airports reported delays of at least two hours on Sunday , while Boston 's Logan International Airport averaged 40 minute delays . In the Midwest , meanwhile , flooding continued on Sunday because of snow melt , rains and ice jams . Farther west , North Dakota 's Red River is expected to reach major flood stage around Fargo and Moorhead on Tuesday .	Half a million homes remained without power across Northeast , mid-Atlantic region Winds reached hurricane-force levels in some places Winds dying down , but flooding remains a threat Midwest , North Dakota dealing with their own flooding problems
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , Anderson Cooper goes to the Congo where he covered the killings of endangered mountain gorillas . Ten mountain gorillas reportedly have been killed in the Democratic Republic of Congo in the last year . NEW YORK  CNN  -- You hear them before you actually see them . Some branches snap just ahead of you . The adult male silverback grunts somewhere off to the side of you . He even pounds his chest . You approach slowly . Mountain gorillas have been used to seeing scientists for decades , but these are wild animals , and you have to be respectful . When you see them , it is shocking . I 've been visiting mountain gorillas since I was 17 -- I 've probably been about six or seven times -- but each visit is extraordinary . They are among our closest animal relatives , and when you stare into their eyes , you see the spark of intelligence . You know these are individuals , with personalities , thoughts and feelings . Each gorilla group or family is headed by an adult male silverback . They are massive creatures , weighing up to 500 pounds , and are fiercely protective of their brood . Around them baby mountain gorillas tumble and play . They beat their chests just like their father , though the display is far less impressive . If you look closely , you may notice some of the mountain gorillas have lost a hand or a foot . Poachers ' snares are a problem , even in a well-protected park in Rwanda I visited . There are about 700 mountain gorillas left in the world , according to Flora and Fauna International , an organization that acts to conserve threatened species and ecosystems , and they live in a lush forest that straddles Rwanda , Uganda , and the Democratic Republic of Congo . Watch a close-up view of a mountain gorilla " In Rwanda and Uganda , where they 're well-protected , the mountain gorilla populations are thriving . They are major tourist attractions that bring millions of dollars each year to both countries . The real problem right now is in the Democratic Republic of Congo . For the last 10 years , there has been fighting in that country , and in the last year , according to the U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  10 mountain gorillas have been killed , shot to death . We went to the Congo to find out why those mountain gorillas were murdered . And the answer is we just do n't know . Because of the fighting , the mountain gorillas are completely cut off . The rangers who protect them have had to flee the park , and no one 's been able to check up on the gorillas . What we do know , and what is so sad , is that these gentle giants trust us . You see it when you sit with them , when they allow you to come so close . They 've been taught that man wo n't hurt them . This year , in the Congo , the gorillas have been lied to . E-mail to a friend	Conservation organization says 700 mountain gorillas are left in the world Ten mountain gorillas have been killed in the Congo in last year , U.N. agency says Mountain gorillas weigh as much as 500 pounds
CNN  -- A polo handicap , it has been said , is a passport to the world -- and this has certainly proved true in my case . I first took up polo eight years ago on a trip to Argentina . It has long been my philosophy that no hour of life is wasted that is spent in the saddle , and I have dabbled in equestrian sports ranging from eventing to flat racing . But few sports can match the all-consuming thrill of galloping up and down a 300 by 160 yard field waving a big stick . From my very first chukka I was , as the pun goes , ` hooked ' . Argentina has been polo 's spiritual home since British and Irish engineers introduced the sport in the late 19th century . There , it found fertile soil among the gauchos  Argentinian cowboys  and their brave , nimble horses . Today , several estancia  private estates  throughout Argentina offer fully-immersive polo holidays , to which new entrants to the sport flock like pilgrims to the holy land . There , beginners can learn how to ride one-handed , swing a mallet and swear in Spanish . The attraction of polo is easy to understand . From Jilly Cooper to Pretty Woman , polo has been used as shorthand to suggest a glamorous , dangerous world of sleek horses and brooding players . Traveling at speeds of up to 60 kilometers-per-hour  37 mph  , teams of four aim to drive the ball through a set of vertical posts to score a goal . Like all equestrian sports , men and women compete side-by-side , making it the only mixed sport which is also a contact sport : players can ` ride off ' opponents by using their mount to barge the other player out of the way . Around 3,000 people in the UK currently play polo , of which fewer than 10 % are professionals , according to the Hurlingham Polo Association , the governing body for polo in the UK . I am firmly in the amateur camp , brandishing a -1 handicap which has shown no signs of budging off its mark for several years . Polo players are rated on a scale of -2 to 10 according to their skill , where 10 is the highest rating possible . Although expressed in ` goals ' , a player 's handicap is not an estimate of the number of goals a player might score in a given match , but rather an overall measure of his or her horsemanship , skill and strategy . It is so difficult to reach 10 there have never been more than a dozen or so 10-goalers in the world at any time . Almost all 10-goalers , past and present , have hailed from Argentina . One of these highly acclaimed individuals is 28-year-old Facundo Pieres . Having held the ultimate ranking since the age of 19 , Pieres is now ranked inside the top two in the world  he disputes the number one spot with fellow Argentinian Adolfo Cambiaso  . During the English high-goal season , Pieres plays for the all-conquering Zacara team  which won the coveted Queen 's Cup this weekend  . He gamely agreed to coach me and give me some pointers . The venue is Zacara 's private training facility , on a pitch so immaculate it would not look out of place at the Chelsea Flower Show . As I prepare to take to the field I ask Pieres what he thinks is the most important quality in a player . Unsurprisingly , he cites horsemanship : "  It 's all about feeling comfortable , " he says . "  If you do n't feel comfortable on the horse you will not be able to hit the ball . " So far , so good . Magnifica , the 8-year-old mare Pieres has lent me , is a dream to ride , with a canter as smooth as silk and the ability to turn on a sixpence . "  She is one of the best ponies I have , " says Pieres . "  Anyone can play her . " Subtext : even me !  Polo horses are still referred to as ponies , an alliterative hangover from the days when height limits applied  . "  The next most important thing to have is a straight , fluid swing , " continues Pieres . He can loft the ball in excess of 100 yards while traveling at a flat-out gallop . My shots have a tendency to dribble weakly for 10 or so yards before coming to rest in a divot . Pieres and I do have something in common , however . We both like to play in attack . "  My first instinct is always to attack and not to defend , " he explains . Polo teams are divided into four positions on the field , designated by numbers . Players 1 and 2 are attackers , 3 is a playmaker and 4 , or Back , is a defender . Pieres and I both play at Number 1 . "  I play forward . I am always working out how to get the ball and attack all the time . " Here the similarities end , because my strategy is usually to hang out by the goal and wait for the ball to land in front of me . The final piece of the puzzle is , of course , practice . "  When you practice , you will get better and you will feel more confident with every shot. , " he explains . As a plucky amateur , finding time to practice is certainly my biggest challenge , even without the English weather conspiring against me . So how does my instructor rate my performance ? "  You 're a -1 but you 're getting close to 0 , " he enthuses , almost convincingly . Pieres is , of course , being far too generous . We both know that I wo n't be pulling on the famous black and white of Zacara any time soon . But I have polished my boots just in case .	Polo is often considered a past time of the rich and famous CNN 's Alysen Miller gets a lesson from a polo master Argentina has produced some of the world 's finest polo players
CNN Student News  -- November 9 , 2009 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Fort Hood , Texas  Berlin , Germany Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : From D.C. to Texas to Berlin , CNN Student News brings you stories from around the globe . Kicking off a new week of commercial-free headlines , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : House Passes Bill AZUZ : First up , a health care reform bill passes in the U.S. House of Representatives . Saturday 's vote was a close one , though : 220 for , 215 against , with 39 Democrats voting against the bill and one Republican voting for it . Democrats claimed the vote as a victory , and one lawmaker said it 's their responsibility to pass health care reform . REP. G.K. BUTTERFIELD ,  D  NORTH CAROLINA : We have an obligation , constitutional and moral , to provide for the general welfare of every American citizen . Allowing a broken health care system to continue to bankrupt families , businesses and hospitals and deny coverage to millions is a failure of duty . We must act now . AZUZ : A lot of people agree that the country 's health care system is broken . But one Republican congressman says that the House Democrats ' plan to fix it is the wrong approach . REP. JACK KINGSTON ,  R  GEORGIA : If your kitchen sink is leaking , you fix the sink . You do n't take a wrecking ball to the entire kitchen . This bill is a wrecking ball to the entire economy . AZUZ : So , what 's next ? The Senate has to vote on its health care bill . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid says that might not happen before the end of the year as President Obama wanted it to . Now , if the Senate passes a bill , it and the House versions would have to be combined into a new single bill , and then that would have to be passed by both houses of Congress . If all that happens , then President Obama would have to sign the final bill for it to become law . A long way to go , and a lot of "  if 's " along the way . Unemployment Up AZUZ : Turning to the economy , the new numbers are out on the nationwide unemployment rate , and they 're not good : 10.2 percent . That 's up from 9.8 percent last month , and it 's the first time since 1983 that the country 's unemployment rate has been in double digits . The news is n't good for you guys , either I 'm sorry to say . Teen unemployment , which covers 16 to 19 year olds , now stands at 27.6 percent . Part of the reason for that is because teens are having to compete for jobs against adults who are out of work . The government is trying to help out . Last week , President Obama signed a new law that extends the amount of time that people can collect unemployment benefits . Spoken Word GOV. RICK PERRY , TEXAS : In the days to come , our priorities are gon na be simple : support the families of those affected by this violence , support the criminal investigation that is ongoing , continue supporting our military as we always have . Fort Hood Update AZUZ : That was Texas Governor Rick Perry , speaking in the wake of last week 's tragic shooting at Fort Hood . Authorities still do n't know what prompted the attack there last Thursday killing 13 people , wounding more than 40 others . The suspected gunman , who 's an Army major , was shot himself several times during the attack . He survived . Police are asking anyone who was there to step forward . They think people who ran away during the shooting might have evidence that could help the investigation . Fort Hood has a processing center where soldiers go before heading off to war . Nearby churches are offering help , services and prayers for anyone affected by the shooting . Is this Legit TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT RONALD REAGAN : Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall ! JONES : Is this legit ? In that famous speech , President Ronald Reagan was talking about the Great Wall of China . False ! In the 1987 address , President Reagan was referring to the Berlin Wall . Wall Museum AZUZ : Twenty years ago today , the Berlin Wall did come down , and with it , the division of Germany into east and west . On last Tuesday 's show , Fred Pleitgen looked at the remains of the wall itself . Today , Jim Clancy visits Checkpoint Charlie , a main crossing spot when the wall was standing , and a museum dedicated to the people who tried to escape from behind it . BEGIN VIDEO JIM CLANCY , CNN INTERNATIONAL ANCHOR : The Wall Museum at Checkpoint Charlie . It chronicles the fear and suffering , ingenuity and heroism of a generation who refused to be sealed off from the free world . ALEXANDRA HILDEBRANDT , BERLIN WALL MUSEUM CURATOR : It was very , very , very dangerous because the people , they just want to be free . CLANCY : A car seemingly too tiny to smuggle humans to freedom did exactly that . And there 's the gas tank that hid a child brought in from the cold . An ultralight aircraft used by a Czech student in a flight from communism . And there were tunnels , too . HILDEBRANDT : Here you see tunnel 57 ; means 57 people could come through . It was about 700 tunnels the people did try to build , but very few were successful . CLANCY : Alexandra Hildebrandt keeps alive the enthusiasm her late husband , Rainer , felt when he opened the Wall Museum . He started building it as soon as the Soviet Union and its allies put up the wall . She estimates 900,000 people come each year to share that . Some are German students who learn from their guides about a daring balloon journey that brought entire families safely to the West . Others are visitors to Berlin , enthralled by the sheer boldness , desperation and drive of those who risked all for freedom . HILDEBRANDT : Our museum tells people how important to be free . Our museum tells people how many people died that we are , today , can live in freedom . CLANCY : Like no other place in the world , the Wall Museum shows visitors the actual signposts of the Cold War . It even presents artifacts dug up from the street below after the fall of the wall . HILDEBRANDT : And this is original borderline here from Checkpoint Charlie . This is the borderline where President Reagan in 1982 stayed and made just one step over to show he do not want any more to have this border here . CLANCY : For all the tactics and tricks on display , Berlin 's famous Wall Museum pays homage to the pain and suffering of those captured or shot down and left to die slowly just a few steps from freedom . It reminds us , past or present , freedom has its price . END VIDEO Horses for Heroes AZUZ : For some U.S. troops who are wounded while serving overseas , coming back home can be challenging , both physically and emotionally . There 's a program that aims to aid in the recovery process by offering some helping hooves . Photojournalist Eddie Cortes gives us a look . BEGIN VIDEO JUSTIN RICHARDSON , U.S. MARINE CORPS VETERAN : Gideon , come here , boy . I actually swore in on September 11 , 2001 . And then the first plane hit the Trade Tower . I was a squad leader during Operation Phantom Fury out in Anbar Province . LESLIE OLSON , THERAPEUTIC RIDING INSTRUCTOR , CHASTAIN HORSE PARK : The Horses for Heroes program is a program for the wounded troops , no matter what branch of the service they 're in . So , they come out and they work with the horses . It 's not just about the riding . RICHARDSON : It 's a really cool feeling to , you know , be next to an animal this big that can do some serious damage if he wanted to . But really , they 're just big babies that love rubdowns . OLSON : He 's really bonded with Gideon . He 's a kind of a guy 's kind of horse : loves to be groomed and he stands patiently . RICHARDSON : During combat operations , I was at the wrong place at the wrong time , ended up taking some shrapnel . BETSY SMITH , REHABILITATION COUNSELOR , SHEPHERD SPINAL CENTER : Justin is doing much better . He came to us with some difficulties . RICHARDSON : I had sustained a brain injury and had post traumatic stress disorder . SMITH : We 've really been able to use the Horses for Heroes program to work on his anxiety . RICHARDSON : I 've never really been around horses ; I 'm actually from the city . Closest thing to a horse I had was a 100-pound rottweiler . OLSON : There are many that do n't want to come and ride , but they want to work hands-on with the horses . RICHARDSON : It 's kind of a trust thing , you know ? He trusts you , you trust him . OLSON : If their back hurts or if they just do n't feel like riding , we always have something for them to do . RICHARDSON : You know , it 's been extremely therapeutic , especially emotionally . OLSON : They love coming out and working with the horses . That gives them a sense of accomplishment when they 're done . It 's been a wonderful program . It 's something I can give to these men and women who have come back and have done so much for us . We can help them heal . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Great story . Veterans Day is coming up on Wednesday , and if you want to give a shoutout to someone who 's served in the Armed Forces , here 's your chance . Send us an iReport with your message , or you can leave it on our blog . You do n't have to know someone in the Armed Forces . We just want to know what you 'd say to thank America 's veterans for their service . You 'll find both ways to submit your messages on our new Web page . CNNStudentNews.com is totally redesigned , so check out the new look while you 're there . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , let them eat cake ! And while you 're at it , let them wear it too ! The idea of food-based fashion may sound wicked , but that 's exactly what 's going on at this runway show : candied couture ! Sounds like some weird mix of Project Runway and Top Chef . Actually , it 's a tribute to all things chocolate . The edible outfits just happen to be the star of the show , and a nice showcase for designers with a creative eye and a sweet tooth . Goodbye AZUZ : We tried to come up with a better pun , but our sense of humor desserted us . Hopefully you wo n't desert us for that winner . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . We 'll see ya tomorrow .	Note the celebration and condemnation surrounding a House bill on health care Step inside a museum that chronicles a historic struggle for political freedom Observe how horses are being used to help those who 've served their country Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  Egypt 's military carried out a series of airstrikes against ISIS militants in Libya on Monday in retaliation for the slaughter of 21 Egyptian Christians by the jihadist group . The bombing raids pulled Egypt deeper into the widening international fight against ISIS and highlighted the extremists ' growing presence in North Africa . The warplanes hit 10 targets used for training and storage in ISIS ' Libyan stronghold of Derna , Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry told CNN . "  Avenging Egyptian blood and punishing criminals and murderers is our right and duty , " the Egyptian military said in a statement that was broadcast on state television . There were conflicting claims about what the bombs had struck . "  These were surgical strikes based on very accurate intelligence and related to degrading the capabilities of ISIS within the city of Derna , " Shoukry told CNN 's Erin Burnett . But an umbrella group of Islamist militias in Derna issued a statement saying that the city "  woke up to a disaster today as Egyptian military jets targeted civilians in residential areas in the city . " The statement reported that the bombings had killed women and children , and it warned the Egyptian government of a "  harsh and painful " response to come . CNN could n't independently verify what damage and casualties the airstrikes had caused . Egypt 's aerial assault came after ISIS released a gruesome video Sunday that appeared to show militants beheading at least a dozen Egyptian Christians on a Libyan beach . The footage , bearing many of the hallmarks of previous ISIS videos of the killing of hostages , has intensified international concerns about ISIS ' deepening reach into countries far beyond its strongholds in Syria and Iraq . The slickly produced video shows the apparent mass killing , with jihadists in black standing behind each of the victims , who are all dressed in orange jumpsuits with their hands cuffed behind them . Twenty-one Egyptian Christians were kidnapped in the Libyan coastal city of Sirte in two separate incidents in December and January . They were reportedly from impoverished villages and went to Libya looking for work . Although the ISIS video showed around a dozen men being beheaded , Egyptian officials said that all 21 Christians were believed to have been killed . Some of the hostages cry out "  Oh God " and "  Oh Jesus " as they are pushed to their knees . The five-minute video , released by ISIS ' propaganda wing al-Hayat Media , includes a masked English-speaking jihadi who says , "  The sea you have hidden Sheikh Osama bin Laden 's body in , we swear to Allah , we will mix it with your blood . " The video threatens Egypt , which shares a long border with Libya , and also Europe , whose shores lie across the Mediterranean Sea . Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi had warned Sunday that his country "  reserves the right of retaliation and with the methods and timing it sees fit for retribution for those murderers and criminals who are without the slightest humanity . " He also declared a week of mourning in the Muslim majority nation for the slain Christians . In a statement , Egypt 's Foreign Ministry called for other nations battling ISIS to support Egypt 's efforts and to target terrorists in Libya , as well . The U.S. government condemned the killings , saying ISIS ' "  barbarity knows no bounds . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry on Sunday to offer condolences , the State Department said . Egypt is already fighting against ISIS-allied militants on its own territory in the Sinai Peninsula , where dozens of people were killed in a series of attacks in January . Concern has increased over ISIS ' rising influence in Libya amid the power and security vacuum prevalent in the country since the 2011 uprising that overthrew former dictator Moammar Gadhafi . CNN reported in November that fighters loyal to ISIS had complete control of the city of Derna , which has a population of about 100,000 and is situated not far from the Egyptian border . Jihadists with allegiance to ISIS had also expanded their presence westward along the Libyan coast , forming chapters in cities including Benghazi , Sirte and even Tripoli , the capital , according to Noman Benotman , a former Libyan jihadist now involved in counterterrorism for the Quilliam Foundation . In an example of the group 's spreading reach , a Libyan branch of ISIS claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on a luxury hotel in Tripoli that killed 10 people , including one American . "  There 's been a real radical Islamist presence in Libya for some time , " said Lt. Col. Rick Francona , a retired U.S. Air Force intelligence officer . "  What 's worrying is now they are self-identifying with ISIS . " Questions remain over how much direct command and control the ISIS leadership in Syria and Iraq has over its North African affiliates . The killings of the Egyptian Christians has filled in some of the detail . Before the grisly video was released , ISIS had released photos in its English-language magazine Dabiq , claiming they had been killed . "  There 's certainly communication between the Libyan affiliate and the affiliate in Syria about matters of importance to both of them , " said CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . He said the ties between Libyan jihadists and ISIS ' precursor , al Qaeda in Iraq , "  go back a very long time . " The links between the different branches present "  a real challenge " for Western leaders , Francona said , as U.S. President Barack Obama asked Congress to formally authorize the use of military force in the war against ISIS . "  While we can come up with a military solution or a military operation in a restricted area like Syria and Iraq , what do we do when it expands to North Africa ? " Francona asked . CNN 's Ian Lee , Jomana Karadsheh , Ryan Buckley and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Airstrikes hit 10 targets in an ISIS stronghold in Libya , Egypt 's foreign minister says Islamist militias in the city say the bombings killed women and children ISIS had released a video that appeared to show the beheadings of Egyptian Christians
CNN  -- Brian Steel was taught from birth that he was "  handicapped . " Singled out in school by policies and his peers , he grew up feeling unfairly judged because of the way his body worked . Steel was diagnosed with congenital fiber-type disproportion when he was 4 months old . People with this rare condition , also called short fiber syndrome , typically experience muscle weakness , particularly in the shoulders , upper arms , hips and thighs , and may have breathing problems , according to the National Institutes of Health . The NIH estimates that about 25 % of people born with the disorder die during early childhood . Tired of the way people made up their minds before getting to know him , Steel decided to photograph other people with disabilities and tell their stories . The result was a photo exhibit called "  Impaired Perceptions " that premiered in Atlanta late last year . "  We filter everything that we see through the lens of our perceptions , so it is not until we are able to step outside of our perceptions that we are able to determine what is real and what is not , " the 33-year-old wrote . "  The portraits are traditional , empowering and show each person 's humanity . " CNN asked Steel about his exhibit , the misperceptions he faces and how we can do more to accept others . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : How does this condition affect your daily life ? Steel : It has made me physically weak , so it makes a lot of tasks more difficult . I ca n't lift or carry anything much over 5 pounds . I have a hard time getting out of low chairs because of my weak leg muscles . My weakened chest muscles have caused me to have sleep apnea and make me susceptible to pneumonia . Physically , it may have made me weak , but in other ways , it has made me stronger . It has made me more creative because I have had to find alternative ways to accomplish the same tasks that would otherwise come  easily  to my able-bodied counterparts . I have had short fiber from birth , so I have n't known any other reality . To me , it is just life , and I am very grateful for my life . Opinion : I 'm a person , not a condition CNN : What "  impaired perceptions " did you face as a child ? As an adult ? Steel : As a child , I mainly remember being seen as different . People would often stare . I remember in my elementary music class , the teacher made us sit on the end separate from the able-bodied children , and we were not allowed to touch any of the instruments . Once I became fully integrated into the regular classroom , things were a lot better . The great thing about being a kid is that you are mostly around other kids , and children are generally very open about what they think and ask questions when they do n't understand . I would have classmates ask me why I appeared different to them , and I would tell them about my condition . After I explained my condition , it was settled . As an adult , things are much more under the surface . Where children are young and trying to get a sense of their world , adults tend to think that they already have things figured out . Most grown people will not come out and ask me about my condition , so in order to make sense of me they have to either watch and gather information through observation or use their own preconceived notions . What I usually encounter from adults  is  people asking me who takes care of me or talking to me as though I were mentally challenged . It is n't too unusual for someone to be surprised that I can drive a car . I live a completely independent life . To be fair , people also tell me that I inspire them simply by living my everyday life , and that is a good feeling . Schools must provide sports for students with disabilities CNN : What gave you the inspiration for this photo project ? Steel : "  Impaired Perceptions " started from something that had been welling up inside of me . Throughout my life , I have experienced many encounters where people doubted my intelligence and abilities because of my appearance . I was approaching the completion of my graduate education and preparing to enter the professional world . My concerns and frustrations regarding how I often felt perceived by strangers suddenly became more important to me . I began by writing phrases on my body that represented the misperceptions that I felt from others and photographing myself .  But  I did n't want the project to just be about my story , because I wanted the message to have a bigger impact . As I began interviewing different people with various physical impairments and hearing their stories , I realized that some individuals seemed to have more confidence and hope than others . I then became just as concerned with empowering others as I am with trying to change people 's perceptions . People form a lot of their identity from how they feel perceived by others , and others often form their opinions ... from what that person thinks of him or herself . Therefore , the most effective way to eliminate negative perceptions of people with impairments is to empower them . Amazing success fueled by act of discrimination CNN : What do you hope people take away from it ? Steel : The overall message is that you can not tell what a person is capable of or what their life is like simply by looking at them . That is true regardless of ability , race , religion or orientation . Some of the people I photographed and interviewed for this project appeared to be perfectly able-bodied but actually have impairments that limited them physically . They are misperceived in a manner that is almost opposite to my experience . They talked about how judged they often felt because people could not understand why they were n't doing certain things that required more physical effort . On the other hand , I met people who had experiences where people felt compelled to help them because they were in a wheelchair , but those individuals are fully capable and have accomplished more than a lot of their able-bodied peers . My point is not to say that one group is better than the other but rather that you simply ca n't know what someone is capable of without getting to know them . The other part of the message that I hope makes a big impact is that you should n't let anyone tell you what you are capable of . There are many different kinds of ability and strength . My prayer is that some people who may have given up and accepted a role that they did not choose will find hope and work towards a life that they want . CNN : What do you think we need to do as a society to better accept differences in others ? Steel : The best way is simply to teach and encourage people to individualize . Simply learning about different conditions or religions is not enough to know all of the people that have those conditions and/or practice those religions . In my project , I included interviews along with the portraits so that the viewer could get a real sense of who they were . I recently curated "  Inside the Outsider , " a photography exhibition for Mason Murer Fine Art . The theme was about how we have all felt like an outsider in some way , and in that way , we are all the same . I think if we took that to heart , we would realize that there is n't anything that we are going through that no one else is and that no one is as different from us as we may think that they are . We have to teach ourselves to suspend our initial judgments and get to know a person before we form our opinion of them . What makes it difficult is that out of self-defense , we instinctively attempt to categorize people and things to avoid possible dangers . I am not suggesting that we ignore our gut feelings entirely but rather that we suspend our final judgments until we have more information . Deaf woman 's eBay complaint highlights dispute over Web access for disabled CNN 's Elizabeth Johnson contributed to this report .	Brian Steel 's "  Impaired Perceptions " photography exhibit showed in 2012 Steel has severe muscle weakness from congenital fiber-type disproportion You should n't let anyone tell you what you 're capable of , Steel says
Libya on Tuesday set a date for parliamentary elections in a move intended to stave off the possibility of civil war , even as the U.S. military remained poised to evacuate Americans amid escalating violence . Libya announced elections will take place June 25 in a bid that some observers hope may help defuse rising tensions , the state news agency LANA reported . The latest developments come as increasing military might appears to be rallying behind a renegade local general who is taking the fight to Islamist militias . The country 's burgeoning political process has been mired in near paralysis amid divisions between Libya 's political forces . Hostilities have increased since Gen. Khalifa Haftar bombed the bases of Islamist groups on Friday , including the one blamed for the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi on September 11 , 2012 , that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans . The retired officer , who fought to overthrow former dictator Moammar Gadhafi , launched a land and air offensive in Benghazi against Ansar al-Sharia and Islamist militias loyal to the interim national government . He has vowed to not stop until the extremists groups are "  purged . " The resulting battle claimed 75 lives . Parliament itself is polarized , with Islamists on one side and their opponents on the other . Fighting has paralyzed the government , hindered elections and cost the interim administration its legitimacy in the eyes of many Libyans . As of Tuesday , only 1.3 million Libyans out of an estimated 3.4 million eligible voters had registered to vote in the elections , according to the website for Libya 's Higher National Elections Commission . During the country 's last election in February , only 14 % of eligible voters participated . Boycotts and violence in some cities affected that vote . U.S. prepares evacuations The U.S. military is preparing to evacuate American citizens out of harm 's way . As violence spread on Sunday and Monday , the U.S. military doubled the number of aircraft standing by in Italy if needed to evacuate the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli . Four additional U.S. V-22 Osprey aircraft at the naval base in Sigonella were to join the four V-22s and 200 Marines that had been moved there last week , a U.S. defense source said . Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said at a briefing Tuesday that about 250 Marines plus seven Ospreys and three C-130 planes were in place as "  a precaution , a prudent measure . " He said that no decision had been made to close the embassy but that one of the lessons of the Benghazi incident was the "  need to be more agile . " The planes can be in the air on six hours ' notice . With the additional aircraft , the military should be able to evacuate more than 200 people from the embassy . Gathering pressure on Islamists Haftar has vowed to rid Benghazi and the rest of Libya of Islamist militants with his self-declared Libyan National Army . Other members of the army and militiamen were quick to declare allegiance to the newly conceived army . And on Sunday , fighters armed with heavy weapons stormed the General National Congress , forcing it to adjourn and putting lawmakers on the run in Tripoli . Later that evening , a commander appeared on television to declare that Parliament would be suspended . He claimed to represent Haftar 's Libyan National Army . It 's unclear whether there was any coordination of the attacks in Tripoli and Benghazi by forces claiming loyalty to the Libyan National Army . But their common enemy is clear : Libya 's Islamists . Islamist pushback The Parliament 's attackers met with swift opposition when congress speaker Nuri Abu Sahmain , who is backed by Islamist militias , ordered troops of the Central Libya Shield Forces to deploy to the capital Monday . But the local council in the city of Misrata , east of Tripoli , and the city 's Central Libya Shield Forces released statements on Tuesday evening indicating that they were not taking sides in the crisis . In the statement , the Misrata council said that it stood by the Libyan people against "  terrorism and fundamentalism " but that it would not accept a "  military dictatorship . " The council said it was ready for "  national dialogue " to lift the country "  out of this dark tunnel . " One of the Islamists ' main rivals , the al-Qaaqaa Brigade , said it was involved in the attack on Parliament . The militia is based out of the city of Zintan but active in Tripoli and linked to elements in government . Gunfire from armed skirmishes spread through town Sunday and crackled through its outskirts into Monday night . At least four people died and 90 sustained injuries in the fighting , the Health Ministry said . Turmoil in Libya : Fighting sweeps across Tripoli following violence in Benghazi Rallying point The interim government immediately condemned Haftar 's assault on Friday and his vendetta , but his movement has gained clout with Libyan special forces battling Islamist militias . On Monday , a well-respected military commander in the east came out in support of Haftar 's Operation Dignity , the name for the anti-Islamist campaign . Col. Wanis Bukhamada of the al-Saeqa special forces placed the soldiers and officers under his command behind the Libyan National Army offensive . He vowed to join the fight against "  criminal Takfiri gangs that are toying with the country 's security ... carrying out kidnappings , assassinations , killings , beheadings and burning the bodies of members of the police and army and civilians . " Ansar al-Sharia was already a thorn in Buhkamada 's side , as he has fought the Islamists in recent months . Militia loyalties became fractured after Gadhafi 's fall . During the revolution , Libya became awash in weapons , and militias formed with sundry affiliations with tribes , towns or religious extremism . Libya evacuation decision ` minute by minute , ' U.S. official says	Libya announces a date for parliamentary elections Gen. Khalifa Haftar bombed Islamists blamed for attack on U.S. Consulate in Benghazi Armed men declaring loyalty to Haftar have "  suspended " the parliament in Tripoli Libyan special forces commander near Benghazi vows to join Haftar
Rep. Paul Ryan concludes that 50 years after President Lyndon Johnson launched the War on Poverty , a pathway out of poverty has become a patchwork of bureaucratic challenges . The Wisconsin Republican has zeroed in on the subject in a comprehensive analysis that points to repetition and inefficiencies in federal poverty programs . Ryan , chairman of the House Budget Committee and a possible 2016 presidential candidate , released the 204-page report one day before President Barack Obama was due to unveil his budget blueprint for the next fiscal year . Read the report Obama aims to ignite a conversation about federal safety net spending . Fifteen percent of Americans , nearly 50 million people , live in poverty . Ryan 's report questions the size and scope of the government 's effort to tackle poverty . It says 92 federal programs geared for low-income people cost $ 799 billion per year . "  For too long , we have measured compassion by how much we spend instead of how many people get out of poverty , " Ryan wrote said in a statement . "  We need to take a hard look at what the federal government is doing and ask , ` Is this working ? ' " Considered a Republican policy visionary , the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee released the report amid a listening and learning tour of low-income neighborhoods that began 18 months ago after President Barack Obama was reelected . Ryan toured struggling neighborhoods with Bob Woodson , the head of the Center for Neighborhood Enterprise , an organization that works with disenfranchised people . In an interview with CNN in December , Woodson applauded Ryan 's efforts because before he could write policy , he "  needs to understand what the needs are . " The political war on poverty Ryan 's report is highly critical of many of the programs , saying they contribute to the "  poverty trap . " Because "  benefits decline as recipients make more money - poor families face very high implicit marginal tax rates . The federal government effectively discourages them from making more money , " the report says . It does not detail any solutions or alternatives ; it identifies the programs , their cost and cites reports and studies on each program , with many concluding that the programs due more harm than good . For instance , in his analysis of the Social Security Insurance program for disabled , Ryan points to a report that says : "  At age 18 , approximately two-thirds of beneficiaries remain on adult SSI benefits . " But not all of the reports he cites give negative reviews . For instance , Ryan cited numerous reports analyzing assistance for low-income families for child care found the program was effective in helping women enter the work force or enroll in education or job training programs . Paul Ryan welcomes Pope 's welfare debate "  This report will help start the conversation . It shows that some programs work ; others do n't . And for many of them , we just do n't know , " Ryan said . The report comes as Obama has amplified the issue of the growing wage gap between the rich and the poor , making income inequality a signature theme for this year that includes lifting the minimum wage . Ryan , who is a vocal advocate of a smaller government , has already met intense skepticism . The Democratic National Committee quickly pounced . This report is just a rehash of a failed economic agenda that Americans keep rejecting , " DNC spokesman Michael Czin said in a statement . "  Republicans just do n't get it . Their plan is to block a minimum wage increase , cut access to higher education , slash early childhood programs , voucherize Medicare and shred the social safety net  $ " a safety net that lifted 45 million Americans out of poverty in 2012 alone . " When he proposed reforms to Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid in 2010 , he took immediate flak from Obama and Democrats who said he wanted to dismantle the big-ticket entitlements . The report was laced with partisan political ideas . For instance , it identified "  the breakdown of family " as a main cause of poverty - a common Republican talking point that rankles Democrats . Dr. Mariana Chilton , director of the Center of Hunger Free Communities and associate professor at Drexel University , said she is pleased Ryan "  ignites a new conversation " about poverty . But she said that some of the evidence he cites in his report , especially regarding food stamps and other nutrition assistance programs , is selective and incomplete . "  It would get an ` F ' in my master 's classes , " she said . Since the presidential election when Mitt Romney came under fire for his "  47 % " comments , saying nearly half of all Americans think the government should provide for them , some high profile Republicans have tried to take up the mantle of poverty reduction . Arthur Brooks , president of the American Enterprise conservative think tank who has worked with Paul on the issue of poverty , said the congressman 's involvement in the issue "  really signals that this is a priority for conservative politicians today . " Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , a Kentucky Republican , has proposed "  economic freedom zones " and traveled to struggling cities to talk about them . Even Sen. Marco Rubio , a Florida Republican , unveiled an anti-poverty agenda in early January . Rand Paul fights for felon voting rights "  The truth is , that by any estimation , things have gotten worse for poor people . It 's appropriate for the  Republican  opposition to say , ` what do we have that 's better ? ' " Brooks said . Ryan is expected to continue the conversation and will likely have "  more to say in this area " later this year , an aide said .	Rep. Paul Ryan releases a report that analyzes 92 government programs for low-income people He says the government 's War on Poverty cost $ 799 billion in 2012 Ryan has taken up the mantle of poverty in the past year The report comes one day before President Obama releases his budget
CNN  -- A legal defense fund for Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , charged with 17 murders in a shooting rampage in an Afghan village , has been established , his wife said Saturday . With the support of Bales ' extended family , wife Kari formed The Staff Sergeant Robert Bales Legal Defense Fund , she said in a statement Saturday . Regarding the alleged March 11 massacre in Afghanistan , Kari Bales said she "  has no more information about what happened other than what the government and media have released . " She said she "  can not even come close to covering the legal costs and fees that will accrue . " "  Contributions to the defense fund are welcome only from donors who  1 .  grieve with Mrs. Bales over the lives that were lost that night , and  2 .  believe that in America everyone is entitled to a fair trial . Over time , the truth will come out . That 's why we have due process under the laws of our country . Unfortunately , due process is very expensive , " Kari Bales ' statement said . Contributions to the defense fund , at P.O. Box 2774 , Seattle , Washington , 98111 , are n't tax deductible , she said . In addition to the 17 charges of murder "  with premeditation , " 38-year-old Staff Sgt. Bales faces six counts of attempted murder and two counts of assault . Authorities say Bales left a remote outpost in Kandahar province 's Panjwai district early March 11 and went house-to-house , gunning down villagers . U.S. and Afghan officials initially said 16 people died in those attacks . Col. Gary Kolb , a spokesman with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , on Friday said only that investigators assigned to the case felt they had evidence to charge Bales with 17 counts of murder . There was no immediate indication as to where the other fatality came from , besides the fact it was an adult , and Afghan government officials in Kabul have said they have no record of another death . The six people wounded in the shootings are four children , one woman and one man , according to the charge sheet against Bales . Two of those have been released from a hospital , said Ahmad Javed Faisal , a Kandahar provincial government spokesman . At the minimum , Bales would be sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole if he 's convicted on even one of the 17 murder charges , according to a statement from the U.S. Forces-Afghanistan public affairs office . At the maximum , he could face the death penalty . The Taliban , in an e-mail Friday to CNN , vowed "  strong revenge " for the attacks and claimed justice wo n't be served in U.S. courts , which they said "  are not reliable . " The Islamic fundamentalist group , which been battling coalition and Afghan government forces for years , believes that "  tens of American soldiers , and not one person " are responsible for the killings , according to the message . "  We do n't believe in these  American  courts and reject the decision , " the Taliban said . "  We will take practical revenge on every single American soldier . " Bales , who was returned to the United States last week , is being held at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas .	Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales ' wife , Kari , says couple ca n't cover legal costs He is charged with 17 murders , six attempted murders , two counts of assaults Fund appeals to donors who grieve with Mrs. Bales and believe in fair trials , she says
MEXICO CITY  CNN  -- A moderately strong earthquake rocked Mexico City on Friday afternoon , shaking the earth in the sprawling capital . People in Mexico City stream into the street as a magnitude 5.7 earthquake hits . The U.S. Geological Survey measured the quake at magnitude 5.7 , and placed the epicenter near the city of Puebla , about 85 miles southeast of Mexico City . It hit at 2:24 p.m. local time . The Mexican seismological service measured the quake at 5.9 . People in the city reported the earth and buildings shaking . Thousands of panicked people streamed into the streets as stopped cars snarled traffic . Parts of the city were without electricity Friday afternoon but there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage . Earthquakes are a frightening experience for the 20 million residents of Mexico City , where thousands of people perished in a massive quake in 1985 . The city , built on volcanic ash and clay , is particularly vulnerable to temblors . Aldo Pontecorvo of the humanitarian agency World Vision said the shaking lasted about 20 seconds . It came out of nowhere and "  without any warning , " said Pontecorvo , who said he was in his office when the quake struck . Earlier this month , a moderate earthquake was measured off the coast of Mexico 's western Baja California peninsula .	U.S. Geological Survey measures quake at magnitude 5.7 Thousands of panicked people stream into the streets No immediate reports of injuries or damage 1985 earthquake killed thousands in Mexico City
CNN  Players from Tunisia and the Democratic Republic of Congo embraced each other in celebration as both sides played out a 1-1 draw to book their passage into the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations . In a tense finale to Group B , all four teams still had the chance to qualify for the last eight until the final whistle went in a goalless draw between Cape Verde and Zambia in torrid conditions . It sparked contrasting celebrations , the coaches and players in Bata celebrating in unison while there were tears in Ebebiyin as 2012 champions Zambia bowed out in the group stages for a second successive tournament . Tunisia coach Georges Leekens had called on his side , the 2004 AFCON champions , to go all out for the win despite only needing to draw the match to qualify . And the north African side in reality should have achieved that feat by half-time such was their ascendancy . It was Ahmed Akaichi who broke the deadlock just after the half-hour mark , the striker for Esperance becoming only the second player to score two goals in this tournament after Congo 's Thievy Bifouma as he headed home a flick on by Yassine Chikhaoui . Chikhaoui thought he had enjoyed his own moment of glory with a superb volley only for it to be ruled offside , one of two disallowed goals for the Tunisians . For a time , DR Congo , tournament winners in 1968 and 1974 , looked devoid of a response until drawing level against the run of play in the 65th minute through substitute Jeremy Bokila . It was Bokila 's two goals that had helped seal his side 's route to the tournament against Ivory Coast and , just five minutes after coming on , he once again provided a telling difference . A long ball was headed into the box by Dieumerci Mbokani , Bokila controlled it with aplomb and guided the ball into the net with his left foot . It was all the more befitting as moments earlier Wahbi Khazri should have already put the game out of DR Congo 's reach . But DR Congo held firm for a record sixth straight draw in the tournament , the game ending slightly farcically in the final minute with neither side really playing as news of the result from Ebebiyin came in . That match was never going to be a classic , the two teams having scored just three times in 40 combined attempts in this tournament , and it was a cause not helped by a downpour that threatened to see the game abandoned altogether . If Zambia had hoped the players would be inspired to shine in the wake of a pre-match call from President Edgar Lungu , who won the election at the weekend , then they were to be sorely disappointed . Zambia 's Evans Kangwa had the chance to grab the win his side needed to qualify late on but made a hash of his effort while Cape Verde , level on three points with DR Congo , only missed out on the quarter-finals by virtue of goal difference .	Tunisia and DR Congo draw 1-1 to both reach the last eight of the Africa Cup of Nations DR Congo sub Jeremy Bokila cancels out earlier strike by Tunisia 's Ahmed Akaichi Zambia and Cape Verde miss out on knock-out stages after goalless draw in downpour
CNN  -- A computer hacker who calls himself "  The Jester " claimed responsibility for the cyber attack which took down the WikiLeaks site Sunday , shortly before it started posting hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. diplomatic cables . The Jester , who describes himself as a "  hacktivist for good , " said he took the controversial site down "  for attempting to endanger the lives of our troops , ` other assets ' & foreign relations . " He normally attacks Islamist websites , announcing "  TANGO DOWN " on his Twitter account when claiming to have attacked a site . "  Tango Down " is Special Forces jargon for having eliminated a terrorist . Over the past few days , the Jester has targeted a handful of websites for reasons including "  online incitement to cause young Muslims to carry out acts of violent jihad , " "  distributing jihadist instructional materials , " and "  for the online radicalization of young Muslims in US and Europe . " The Jester describes himself as "  an ex-soldier with a rather famous unit , country purposely not specified . " "  I was involved with supporting Special Forces , I have served in  and around  Afghanistan amongst other places , " he told the website threatchaos.com early this year . WikiLeaks said in September that it had prepared an unspecified "  insurance policy " against its site being taken down . "  This annoyed me ... so I got busy , " the Jester wrote on his blog in September . Cyber security expert Mikko Hypponen of F-Secure believes the Jester was really behind the hack , he told CNN . WikiLeaks was down for several hours Sunday , spokesman Kristinn Hrafnsson said Monday . He said he did not know who was behind it , and he seemed surprised when CNN told him an anti-Islamist hacker was taking credit . WikiLeaks excites "  a lot of strong emotions , " Hrafnsson said . The hacker did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . WikiLeaks posted that it was under attack at about 11 a.m. ET Sunday , not long before its latest and largest leak . The site seemed to be running normally as of early Monday morning . CNN 's Nicola Hughes contributed to this report .	NEW : The claim is genuine , a cybersecurity expert says "  The Jester " attacked the site "  for attempting to endanger the lives of our troops " He normally attacks Islamist websites WikiLeaks said it was attacked Sunday
CNN  -- After Roger Federer 's escape in the men 's quarterfinals , there was yet more drama at the U.S. Open in Friday 's women 's semifinals . But the scenes inside Arthur Ashe Stadium in New York were n't as riveting as the Swiss ' comeback from two match points and two sets down against Gael Monfils on Thursday . Whereas Federer walked off court as the winner , a teary Peng Shuai had to be taken off the court in a wheelchair moments after crumpling to the ground with what tournament organizers called a heat-related illness . Trailing 7-6 4-3 , China 's Peng -- in her maiden grand slam singles semifinal -- retired and it gave Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki a place in the final against Serena Williams . The resurgent Dane returns to a major final for the first time since the U.S. Open in 2009 -- she was the runner-up -- but did n't want to advance this way . "  It was very difficult , " 10th-seeded Wozniacki told the crowd . "  You 're out here and you want to battle and finish off properly . "  I just feel sorry for Peng , she played really well . It was really hot . Unfortunately , she fell ill and I hope she 'll be okay . " Already a fan favorite , former No. 1 Wozniacki likely earned more backers when she crossed the net to check on the stricken Peng . Peng , who underwent heart surgery as a young junior , had to lean against the backboard on center court for support when she was first overcome by the pain while holding a break point in the final game of the match . She was helped off court , where an evaluation then medical timeout ensued . About 10 minutes later -- after Wozniacki was forced to wait for Peng without any recompense -- Peng played a few points prior to stopping and slumping to the ground . Unable to continue , she was forced to officially retire . "  You have to feel for Peng Shuai , being in her first grand slam semifiinal and having to leave the court like that , " 2013 Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli , acting as a pundit for Britain 's Sky Sports , said . "  And having to go through that much pain , it 's pretty difficult . "  I remind all of us how hard it is to be on the court yourself . It 's you and your tennis racket , and you have to compete . You have to beat the opponent , your conditions , beat everything really and be  as fit  as possible . "  It was really painful to watch as a person and player . " Before Peng 's physical issues , it was a fiercely contested battle . Peng could n't serve out the first set and also led by a break early in the second against Wozniacki , who revealed that she had been bed ridden herself the last couple of days . Peng 's plight must have struck a chord with Williams . Appearing woozy , Williams had to retire from the doubles at Wimbledon in July . Her tussle against Ekaterina Makarova in the second women 's semifinal lacked any drama . Williams , seeking her first grand slam title of the campaign and 18th overall , overpowered the Russian lefty 6-1 6-3 . The lone worry for the two-time defending champion came when she was broken trying to serve out the contest . Sunday 's finale figures to be close . Williams and Wozniacki met twice leading into the U.S. Open , and the current No. 1 prevailed in three tight sets on both occasions . A victory for Williams and she would tie legends Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert in grand slam singles titles . "  She obviously wants to win and go for her first grand slam and I want to win and make a little history , " Williams told the crowd .	Caroline Wozniacki faces Serena Williams in the U.S. Open final Wozniacki advances in dramatic fashion after her opponent retired China 's Peng Shuai had to be taken off center court in a wheelchair World No. 1 Williams crushed Russia 's Ekaterina Makarova in an hour
Bulawayo , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai on Sunday urged his supporters to prepare for an election he hoped regional leaders would monitor to ensure a credible result to help end the troubled coalition government . "  Our brothers in SADC have been supportive of our endeavor toward democratizing Zimbabwe , " he said . "  We hope SADC  Southern African Development Community  and the AU will continue to support our efforts to reject attempts to manipulate the will of the people and remain resolute in their approach in dealing with the Zimbabwe issue . " Tsvangirai 's comments came at the end of his Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  congress in Bulawayo , southwest of the capital , Harare . The prime minister said he was confident he would win the next election to end the power-sharing deal he entered with President Robert Mugabe , adding that his main task would be to revive Zimbabwe 's economy . Mugabe wants the elections held this year , but Tsvangirai has demanded reforms first . Last week , the prime minister said elections would be held in 12 months . Tsvangirai and Mugabe formed a power-sharing government in 2009 after postelection violence following Mugabe 's victory claim . The fragile coalition government has been marred by disagreements between the former political foes , with Tsvangirai claiming that Mugabe is reluctant to make Zimbabwe a democracy .	President Robert Mugabe wants the elections held this year Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai demands reforms first Tsvangirai and Mugabe formed a power-sharing government in 2009
CNN  -- English cricketer Kevin Pietersen has reached an agreement with the England & Wales Cricket Board  ECB  which paves the way for his return to the national team . Arguably England 's most naturally talented cricketer , Pietersen was dropped by selectors in August after it emerged he had sent "  provocative " text messages to South Africa 's players during a recent Test series between the two teams . However the South-African born Pietersen must undergo a "  reintegration program " , before England team director Andy Flower can pick him . "  ECB and Kevin Pietersen confirm that agreement has been reached concerning a process for his reintegration into the England team during the remainder of 2012 , " said an ECB statement . "  Upon completion of the program , the England selectors will consider Kevin for future matches . " Without Pietersen , who was born in South Africa , defending champions England crashed out of the World T20 tournament in Sri Lanka at the Super Eight stage . Two years ago the allrounder was man of the tournament when England , captained by Paul Collingwood , were crowned T20 world champions in the Caribbean . In May , Pietersen had announced his retirement from T20 and one-day cricket , although he was in Sri Lanka working as a broadcaster for ESPN Star Sports . Andrew Strauss , who was England captain when Pietersen was frozen out of the team , has since retired from international cricket , with Alastair Cook the side 's new Test skipper . "  Kevin Pietersen has apologized to Andrew Strauss and wishes to express to all those who support England his regrets at the impact the recent controversies have had on the England team , " continued the ECB statement . "  He now wishes to put the events of the summer behind him and to focus on regaining his place in the England team . " The ECB went on to say the issue regarding messages sent from Pietersen 's Blackberry mobile phone had been resolved . "  With regards the issue of the BBM messages , due to the fact that Kevin had not retained the BBM messages , this matter has been successfully concluded through a binding assurance provided to ECB by Kevin . "  Kevin conceded that the messages exchanged were provocative . The ECB is satisfied , following receipt of this binding assurance , that to the best of his recollection , Kevin did not convey any messages which were derogatory about the England captain , the England team director , the ECB or employees of the ECB . "  Furthermore , there was no tactical information whatsoever provided to members of the South African touring party . " ECB chairman Giles Clarke refused to put a timescale on when Pietersen might return . "  Kevin has signed a central contract today , " Clarke told a media conference . "  Andy Flower will determine the progress of the reintegration process . It could be soon , it could be much later . " Pietersen admitted the situation had been difficult , but insisted he was focused on regaining his place in the team . "  It 's been a horrible situation for all involved , " said the 32-year-old cricketer . "  But it is time to move forward . All being well I 'll be back in an England shirt as soon as possible . " Before he was dropped , Pietersen has been integral part of the England Test team since making his debut in 2005 . He has scored 21 centuries in 81 Test matches for his country and was given the honor of captaining England 's one-day team in 2008 . The right-hander , who is an occasional spin bowler , will be hoping to win back his place in the team in time for November and December 's tour of India .	Kevin Pietersen agrees return to the England cricket team The South African-born batsman frozen out after sending provocative text messages Pietersen has signed a new central contract and will begin a "  re-integration " process The batsman could return to the team in time for February 's tour of New Zealand
Brookline , Mass.  CNN  -- Like many of us , and especially those of us staying off the streets of Boston , I 've been not knowing things all day . That 's because I 've been watching the mainstream media as well as my favorite social media . It turns out that not knowing something reveals its own kind of truth . Yesterday , when we did n't have a Suspect No. 1 or No. 2 , we each filled in the blanks . We assumed the perpetrators were terrorists , which implies a political motive . I 'm going to guess that a vast majority of us assumed that the perpetrators would be male and not very old , because that 's what our experience has shown us . We may also have filled in blanks about complexion , religion , and whether we expected them to have accents . These are more likely to show us something about how we think the world works . For example , as Friday has worn on , you probably were not surprised to hear the suspects ' friends and neighbors say that they were "  quiet " and "  nice , " because that 's what neighbors of mass murderers seem to always say . But I was quite surprised when more and more people came forward effusively praising Dzhokhar Tsarnaev as someone who reveled in diversity , who was always helpful , who worked with the cognitively disabled , who was highly social . Why was I surprised ? Because it does n't fit my pre-built narratives . It 's made me realize that I only have three Mass Murderer Narratives into which I slot the facts about any particular incident . First is the Anti-American : someone who so hates this country that he  and sometimes she  attacks it . Second is the Antisocial : the resentful loner out to take revenge on those who are more popular , or who relishes his or her few minutes of popularity 's stand-in , celebrity . Third is the Delusional : someone completely detached from reality . Of course , these are not mutually exclusive . But why these three ? After all , there are other narratives available by which I could understand these horrific events . For example , some people have narratives that involve people being evil , or about weak mortals being tempted by Satanic forces , or about brave soldiers fighting the forces of the "  New World Order . " The narratives that shape our expectations in the absence of actual information can tell us a lot about our most basic understanding of the world . For example , my three narratives each assume humans are pretty much autonomous , and therefore we have to look inside them to see the reasons they acted -- a set of political beliefs for the Anti-American , impossible social needs for the Antisocial , and totally crazy beliefs for the Delusional . Further , all three of my narratives assume that empathy and social connection are the natural state for humans , so you have to come up with reasons to explain antisocial behavior ; there are other narratives that say that humans are fundamentally selfish , so you have to explain altruistic behavior . I am not recommending my narratives . I 'm just saying that seeing how you assimilate scraps of information when you do n't actually know anything can illuminate the basic riverbeds your understanding runs through . As the evidence drips in , watch which pieces make sense to you , and which ones do n't . His family is from Chechnya ? If you nod as if you knew it all along , that tells you what narrative you prefer . If you expected to hear that his Facebook page was bitter and depressed , then you again know how you 'd like to understand the world . This inability to maintain blanks in our understanding is n't a failure of understanding so much as it 's a consequence of what it means to be conscious creatures . To understand an event is to see it as part of a sequence of related events -- that is , to see it as part of a story . That 's what understanding does . It 's perhaps paradoxical that the condition of understanding is also inimical to seeing things in new ways , and often to see them as they actually are . We can at times come to new narratives and new understandings , but it 's not easy , it 's rare , and it does n't free us from this basic limitation of thought -- a limitation made clear when we 're sitting in front of our screens not knowing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Weinberger .	David Weinberger has been laying low in Boston not knowing things all day He says assumptions abounded before suspects were named If new details have surprised us , we learn something about how we think the world works , he says Weinberger : We funnel understanding through our assumptions
CNN  Real Madrid fell to a lacklustre 1-0 defeat at the hands of Athletic Bilbao Saturday , potentially handing the La Liga advantage to arch rival Barcelona . A stunning header from Aritz Aduriz shortly before half time was enough to win the day for an organized and impressive Bilbao . Real piled on the pressure for much of the second half but could n't find a way past a staunch opponent despite finishing the match with four strikers on the park . Gareth Bale struck a post with an extraordinary shot from close to the halfway line as full time approached while Arduriz almost doubled Bilbao 's lead with another headed chance late on . The result means second placed Barca can now take top spot should it win at home to mid-table Rayo Vallecano Sunday . Of more immediate concern to Real boss Carlo Ancelotti after the game , however , was his side 's lack of cutting edge . "  I think the problem we are having at the moment is quite clear , " Ancelotti told reporters . "  We are not finding a way through like we did in the games before . We 've only scored one goal , from a penalty , in two games . "  That is the problem we have to fix . We lack efficiency up front . " Real are now without a win in two league games while the 4-0 February hammering at the hands of city rivals Atletico Madrid , the clubs biggest derby defeat since 1947 , is still fresh in the memory . With the second El Classico fixture of the season against Barcelona only a fortnight away , Ancelotti is looking for a quick fix to his side 's attacking inhibitions . However , such worries are of little concern to a Bilbao side celebrating its first win over Real in five years . After a slow start to the season the Basques are now up to eighth position . "  We are very proud of how hard we worked , " goalscorer Arduriz said in comments carried by the AFP news agency . "  The three points will prove a huge boost . " "  The fans have enjoyed it a lot and they deserved that after the poor performances at San Mames earlier in the season . " Bayern Munich continued its seemingly inexorable march to a third consecutive Bundesliga title with a come from behind 3-1 victory away to Hannover . Hiroshi Kiyotake gave the hosts a surprise lead after 25 minutes but Xabi Alonso levelled shortly after . A second half brace from Thomas Muller ensured the Bavarians would increase their league at the top of the Bundesliga to 11 points as second place Wolfsburg fell to a 1-0 defeat at Augsburg . Elsewhere Saturday , Borussia Dortmund 's winning streak came to an end with as Jurgen Klopp 's revitalized side were held to a 0-0 draw with Hamburg . Paris Saint Germain returned to the top of the Ligue 1 table , for 24 hours at least , with a convincing 4-1 win over Lens at the Parc de Princes . David Luiz opened the scoring as the first half came to a close before Zlatan Ibrahimovic doubled the Parisian 's advantage from the penalty spot on the hour mark . Substitutes Blaise Matuidi and Javier Pastore secured the win after Yoann Touzghar had pulled one back deficit for Lens . Lyon will return to the Ligue 1 summit should it dispose of Montpelier Sunday . Read :	Real Madrid slump to defeat against Athletic Bilbao Solitary goal from Aritz Aduriz enough to give the Basques victory Bayern Munich continue Bundesliga domination
A week after the death of Brazilian presidential candidate Eduardo Campos in a plane accident , his running mate Marina Silva announced she would replace him on the ticket , setting the stage for a tighter race . The announcement was widely expected , and a poll released Monday showed that Silva , a well-known environmentalist , had a better chance of defeating President Dilma Rousseff in the Oct. 5 elections than Campos would have . After a lengthy meeting with members of Campos ' Brazilian Socialist Party  PSB  , Silva , a former senator and environmental minister , was applauded and cheered at a news conference in Brasilia . "  Without Eduardo we have what always united us : the awareness of where we want to go together , " she said . Campos was polling a distant third before his death last Wednesday . The latest figures from the survey group Datafolha showed Rousseff still in the lead with 36 % of the vote . But Silva was in second place with 21 % , while the center-right candidate Aecio Neves had slipped to third with 20 % . That would mean a run-off vote in which , according to the poll , Silva would garner 47 % of the ballots , compared with 43 % for Rousseff . While the figures likely reflect a sympathy vote following Campos ' tragic accident , the numbers are worrying for the governing Workers Party . At the news conference on Wednesday , the PSB also announced that Congressman Beto Albuquerque would be Silva 's running mate . Silva unsuccessfully ran for president in 2010 for the country 's Green Party . She told the crowd Wednesday that she arrived with "  a sense of responsibility , of commitment assumed during the last 10 months of intense work , ready to honor the commitment and go forward with all of those that were building a project with Eduardo . "	Socialist Party candidate Eduardo Campos was killed last week in a plane crash His running mate , Marina Silva , announces she will replace him in the race Polls suggest she has a better chance of beating President Dilma Rousseff
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The grandson of the creator of Red Bull energy drink allegedly crashed his Ferrari into a Thai police officer , killing him , and then fled the scene , Bangkok police said Monday . The controversy over the arrest of Vorayud Yoovidhaya , 27 , who is a prominent member of one of Thailand 's richest families , resulted in the suspension of a police officer accused of having another person pretend to have been driving Yoovidhaya 's car . Police Sgt. Major Wichien Klanprasert was responding to a robbery call when his motorcycle was hit by what a witness described as a black sports car at 5 a.m. , according to Bangkok Police Maj. Gen. Parinya Jansuriya . Investigators followed the path of leaked oil from the crash scene to Yoovidhaya 's home , Jansuriya said . Dozens of police surrounded the mansion before entering with a search warrant , where they found a badly damaged black Ferrari . The front was wrecked and its air bags deployed , Jansuriya said . Yoovidhaya was taken to a police station for questioning and the car was seized by investigators , he said . Yoovidhaya admitted driving the car and hitting the motorcycle , but he claimed he was suddenly cut off by the bike , according to Police Maj. Gen. Aunuchi Lekbumrung . He has been charged with causing a death with negligence and hit and run , he said . Yoovidhaya was quickly released on a bond of 500,000 baht , about $ 16,000 . The man who had claimed to be driving was fined 6,000 baht , about $ 200 , the Police Chief Kumronvit Thoopkrachang said . Vorayud Yoovidhaya 's grandfather , Chaleo Yoovidhaya , teamed with an Austrian businessman to create the Red Bull brand and products based on a Thai drink . His father , Chalerm Yoovidhaya , is an executive with the energy drink company .	Vorayud Yoovidhaya , 27 , is a prominent member of one of Thailand 's richest families Police Sgt. Major Wichien Klanprasert was responding to a robbery when his bike was hit Yoovidhaya claimed he was suddenly cut off by the police motorcycle , police say Yoovidhaya 's grandfather teamed with an Austrian businessman to create Red Bull
CNN  -- The Navy has halted discharge proceedings against a sailor who was found asleep in the same bed with another male sailor , according to a announcement Friday by Servicemembers United , the nation 's largest organization of gay and lesbian troops and veterans . Petty Officer Stephen Jones , who is stationed at the Naval Nuclear Power Training Command in Charleston , South Carolina , has said that the Navy 's effort to discharge him for "  unprofessional conduct " was a trumped-up charge based on the command 's suspicion that he might be gay . Jones also said the nonjudicial punishment for unprofessional conduct was a maneuver around the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal that President Obama signed into law in December . When contacted by CNN , Navy officials did n't have an immediate comment . Alexander Nicholson , executive director of Servicemembers United , said the Navy "  undoubtedly did the right thing in reversing its decision , " made in March , to discharge Jones , who dozed off beside another male sailor while watching television on February 5 . In a recent interview with CNN , Jones , a student at the Nuclear Power Training Command , said another male sailor stopped by that night and they both inadvertently fell asleep on Jones ' bed while they watched the CW TV show "  Vampire Diaries . " "  We strongly suspected that his command was trying to find a roundabout way to discharge Jones because it suspected him of being gay , and we simply were not willing to stand by and watch a new version of ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' emerge under the new label of ` unprofessional conduct , ' " Nicholson said in a statement . Jones hired civilian attorney Gary Myers , a former JAG officer who is one of the most experienced civilian military defense attorneys in the country , to fight his discharge , and Servicemembers United worked closely with Jones and Myers to help publicize the case and persuade Navy leaders to retain Jones , according to the Servicemembers United statement . In the CNN interview , Jones , 21 , said the other sailor had "  come over to watch shows in the past . " His roommate walked in around midnight , Jones said . "  My roommate walked in and it woke me up , " Jones said . He then woke up his friend , Navy Petty Officer Bryan McGee , who , according to Jones , immediately left the room . The Navy had sought to discharge Jones under charges of "  willful failure to exhibit professional conduct , " Myers told CNN in a recent interview . "  It is a violation of the Command Instruction for sailors to act unprofessionally in the barracks . It is considered unprofessional conduct to share the same bed in Navy barracks , " Thomas Dougan , a spokesman for the Naval Nuclear Power Training Command , said in an interview published in March . The Navy has denied the separation proceedings are based on the suspicion of homosexual behavior . "  Naval Nuclear Power Training Command is not administratively processing either of these sailors for separation based on sexual orientation , " Dougan said . Jones , who says nothing sexual happened , said that they were both clothed -- him in pajama pants and a white T-shirt and McGee in boxers -- and that they were not under the covers together . Jones was lying above the covers , while McGee was below them . The play-by-play given by Jones is substantiated by the naval investigating documents , although a different account of the amount of clothing worn was given by Jones ' roommate , who said in his naval statement that both sailors were dressed only in their boxers . Jones ' roommate , who was made uncomfortable by what he saw , moved out of the room a day later and reported the incident to command officials , Myers said . An investigation was launched , ending with the Command attempting to punish Jones and McGee by a captain 's mast , a nonjudicial procedure meant to avoid a court martial . McGee , who declined to comment on the case , accepted the mast and punishment , but Jones refused , moving the Navy to begin proceedings to discharge him . Punishment by captain 's mast could have resulted in loss of rank or forfeiture of pay , or it could have jeopardized Jones ' top secret security clearance , Myers said . "  I 'm not pleading guilty to something that I did n't do . I did not commit a crime , " Jones said in a recent interview . "  I am the type of person that takes responsibility for my actions . If I break a rule , I take my punishment . And I know I did not break any rules . " Jones said he wants to become a nuclear operator on an aircraft carrier or a submarine . CNN 's Adam Levine and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Petty Officer Stephen Jones dozed off beside another male sailor while watching TV The Navy had sought to discharge him for "  unprofessional conduct " A gay troops advocacy group calls charge an end run around "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal
CNN  -- Five-time champion Roger Federer breezed through a potentially testing first round match at the U.S. Open Tuesday to lift some of the pessimism surrounding his latest title bid . The grand slam singles record holder , seeded as low as seventh after an indifferent 2013 , had too much know how for Slovenian Grega Zemlja in winning 6-3 6-2 7-5 . A shock second round exit at Wimbledon and injury concerns left many doubting 32-year-old Federer would be a major factor as he bids for this 18th slam . But in a match carried over from Monday due to bad weather , the Swiss maestro was always on top . His only hiccup came when he surrendered a break in the third set before eventually closing out the match on the Arthur Ashe Stadium Court . He will play Argentina 's Carlos Berlocq in the second round , with a possible quarterfinals against No. 2 seed Rafael Nadal on the horizon . "  I felt great , " Federer said . "  Day sesion or night session it does n't really matter when you play on Arthur Ashe Court , " he told fans . Top seed and world No. 1 Novak Djokovic made short work of his first round opponent , defeating Lithuanian Ricardas Berankis 6-1 6-2 6-2 in 81 minutes . The 2011 champion hit 28 winners in the match and dropped his serve in the third set , but recovered to break back in the next game to serve out a routine victory . Djokovic only needs to reach the semi-finals to retain his top ranking . He faces Germany 's Benjamin Becker in the second round . Wimbledon semifinalist and 14th seed Jerzy Janowicz was knocked out in the first round at Flushing Meadows for the second year in a row , losing in straight sets to Argentina 's Maximo Gonzalez . In the women 's draw 2011 champion Samantha Stosur was stunned by 17-year-old Victoria Duval , surrendering a one-set lead to lose 5-7 6-4 6-4 to the 296th-ranked American . Duval , who lost in the first round of last year 's event to Kim Clijsters , was delighted with her own performance . "  I think I played amazing today -- it was incredible , the whole match was just really an incredible match and I 'm happy I pulled it through , " the Miami-born starlet told the WTA 's official website . "  Obviously it 's a great feeling to beat a past champion . And Sam is amazing . Although she did n't play nearly her best today , I played amazing , so I 'll take it ! " Former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova and former World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki both withstood testing challenges from Asian players in their first round matches . Seventh seed Czech Kvitova , the 2011 winner at Wimbledon , dropped the middle set against Japan 's Misaki Doi before going through 6-2 3-6 6-1 . Wozniacki , being supported at Flushing Meadows by golfing boyfriend Rory McIlroy , had a slightly easier task against Chinese qualifier Duan Ying-Ying . But having won the first set 6-2 , the Danish sixth seed trailed by a break in the second before recovering to close out it out 7-5 . Another former No. 1 , Serbia 's Ana Ivanovic , also showed good early form with a straight sets win over Georgian Anna Tatishvili 6-2 6-0 . Victoria Azarenka powered through her opening match in little more than one hour , handing her German opponent Dinah Pfizenmaier a double donut -- winning 6-0 6-0 . The No. 2 seed will face Aleksandra Wozniak in the next round .	Roger Federer wins opener at U.S. Open Five-time champion beats Slovenian Grega Zemlja Federer lowly seventh seed after indifferent 2013 Caroline Wozniacki and Petra Kvitova come through testing matches
CNN  -- Former Icelandic Prime Minister Geir Haarde was convicted Monday of negligence related to the collapse of his nation 's banking system , but he was cleared of three other charges and will face no punishment , a court official said . Afterward , Haarde insisted that he 'd been acquitted on the most serious charges that deal most directly with the origins and handling of the crisis . He characterized the lone conviction as relatively inconsequential and "  ridiculous . " "  I have just followed the traditions of all my predecessors as leaders of the Icelandic Cabinet have practiced throughout the decades . And maybe I 'm just taking a hit for all of them , " Haarde said . "  But the point is that this  conviction  has nothing to do with the financial crisis . " Politicians in Europe and beyond have been harshly criticized and , in some cases , forced out of office in the wake of a wave of economic woes , including governments and banks ' role in contributing to debt and other crises . Yet even in all the financial chaos , Iceland has been exceptional -- and only partly because its leader was the first to be criminally charged and , on one count , convicted . Once one of the world 's wealthiest countries per capita , Iceland took a huge hit in 2008 when its banking system collapsed spectacularly , wiping out billions of dollars in savings . The ripple effect was felt far beyond the island nation , particularly in Britain and the Netherlands . Those two nation 's governments came up with more than $ 5 billion to bail out its citizens who 'd put their money in Iceland-based banks . That prompted a bitter dispute when those countries demanded that Iceland compensate them , as required by a European Union directive . The International Monetary Fund loaned Iceland $ 2.1 billion in November 2009 , at which time it made repaying the money to the British and Dutch governments a requirement of the loan . That same year , Harde was ousted as prime minister . And last month , after a judge had thrown out two additional charges , his trial began on four counts : failing to ensure that a financial stability group delivered the required results , failing to take action to reduce the size of Iceland 's banking system , failing to verify the move of accounts from Landsbanki bank 's Icesave program , and failing to focus more Cabinet meetings on the crisis . Haarde called the first three charges , of which he was cleared , "  substantive " in that they were allegations that tied into his and his government 's role in the crisis . He described the one charge he was convicted of , meanwhile , as "  purely formulaic : Did we discuss or not discuss  the financial crisis  enough ? " The former prime minister acknowledged that he , like others , had "  made mistakes " but said he 's not to blame for what happened . There were a host of reasons , he said , including Iceland 's reliance on what he described as a flawed European financial regulatory framework and the danger posed by "  the free flow of capital across borders unless there are certain preventive measures in place . " "  There was a lot of irregular stuff going on within the banking system , and of course ... there was an international financial crisis , " Haarde said . "  We did n't see that coming . " He added that "  nobody has been complaining about the way we handled the crisis , which has been described as very successful by a lot of people . " In fact , the IMF has forecast economic growth of 2.5 % for the island nation in 2012 , and the ratings agency Fitch has raised Iceland 's long-term debt back to investment grade . "  In many ways , we are ahead of the curve , " Haarde said , comparing Iceland with Greece , Spain , Portugal and Ireland , which also received bailouts . "  We are moving faster out of the crisis than these countries are . " CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	NEW : Geir Haarde calls his lone conviction "  ridiculous " and inconsequential NEW : Nobody complained about how Iceland handled the crisis , he says The ex-Icelandic leader was convicted of negligence , cleared of 3 other charges He was in office when Iceland 's banking system collapsed , wiping out savings
Surabaya , Indonesia  CNN  The man who captained AirAsia Flight QZ8501 lived in a picturesque neighborhood in the suburbs of Surabaya , Indonesia 's second-largest city . We headed there to see if family members or friends wanted to talk to us about him . These types of assignments are never easy . We are well aware that the last thing many people in mourning want to do is to talk to a journalist . I 've done this long enough to know that the smart thing is to have the decency to offer condolences and leave if mourners say they do n't want to talk . But this family did n't feel that way . They were gracious and warm to us , and invited us to join other mourners who were with them . Experienced pilot The captain of the ill-fated airliner , known only as Irianto -- many Indonesians go by one name -- had been with AirAsia for six years . He had worked for another airline in Indonesia for 13 years before that , and was an Indonesian Air Force pilot for a decade prior . When we arrived at his home , his wife , Widya Sukatri Putri , answered the door . She and Irianto have two children ; a daughter named Angela who is about to turn 25 , and a 7-year-old son named Arya . We told her we wanted to do a story about Irianto , that we hoped to find out what kind of husband and father he was ; what kind of man and pilot he was . She invited us inside where we offered our condolences and asked if she would to talk to us on camera . She told us she was n't sure if she wanted to talk , but invited us to come back later in the morning . We came back two hours later and the house was full of family and friends offering support to Widya , her children , and Irianto 's elderly mother and father . What was taking place in the house was an Indonesian tradition known as a layat , a visitation by people when there is death in a family . There were dozens of people , old and young , sitting on the floor of Irianto 's home . The house was so crowded that other mourners sat out in the front of the house , and some sat at tables that had been put in the middle of the closed off street . ` Kind and loving ' father and husband Widya and Angela , her daughter , invited us to sit down with them , and it was there that they decided they did want to say a few words to us about Irianto . The portrait they painted about this man made it clear that he was kind and loving , fun and even-tempered , hard working and dedicated . I marveled at how kind Irianto 's wife and children were to us , how kind his parents were to us . They were suffering so much , yet they wanted to make us feel at home . I told his daughter not to worry about us . She told me her father had taught her to be hospitable . Angela is not ready to give up hope that someway , somehow he and other people on the plane might still be alive . But she knows that is unlikely and told us she is prepared to accept reality . This family made it very evident they were lucky to have Irianto in their lives . We said our goodbyes to this gracious family , realizing that the fated plane 's pilot was also very lucky to have them .	CNN crew speaks to the family of the captain of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 Irianto was a highly-experienced former air force pilot Pilot 's wife describes him as a kind and loving man who was hard-working and dedicated Daughter holds out hope that he and other passengers may have survived
A new French law making it a crime to publicly deny the Ottoman Empire 's genocide of Armenians a century ago was ruled unconstitutional Tuesday by France 's Constitutional Council . The measure , which triggered condemnation from modern Turkey , was given final passage by the French Senate and signed into law by President Nicolas Sarkozy last month . Sarkozy 's office immediately issued a statement calling for a new version of the law "  taking into account the decision of the Constitutional Council . " "  The president believes that genocide denial is intolerable and must be punished in this regard , " the statement said . The country 's highest judicial body reviewed it at the request of National Assembly members and French senators . "  The Council deems the law unconstitutional , " a short statement from the court said Tuesday . The Turkish government called it "  an example of irresponsibility " and vowed to "  express our reaction against it in every platform " when the bill passed the National Assembly -- the lower house of the French parliament -- in December . The Turkish Foreign Ministry issued a statement Tuesday that called it "  pleasing that a grave mistake has been corrected by the highest legal authority in France . " "  We hope France will from now on be in a constructive attitude for the dispute between Turkey and Armenia on history to be considered on a fair and scientific basis , and will make contributions that support a solution rather than further deepening the problem , " the Turkish ministry said . "  Such an attitude will contribute to the Turkish-French relations to improve in all areas as well . " Armenia 's government hailed the passage last month , saying France "  reaffirmed its pivotal role as a genuine defender of universal human values . " It is already illegal in France to deny the Holocaust of World War II , a crime punishable by a year in prison and a fine of 45,000 euros  about $ 60,000  . The same punishment would apply under the Armenian legislation . The Turkish-Armenian controversy over the killings that took place last century has reverberated wherever diaspora communities representing both groups exist . Armenian groups and many scholars argue that Turks committed genocide starting in 1915 , when more than a million ethnic Armenians were massacred in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire . Turkey officially denies that a genocide took place , saying hundreds of thousands of Armenian Christians and Turkish Muslims died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I. Sen. Herve Marseille , one of the bill 's supporters , argued that since France already recognizes the Ottoman-era killings as genocide , the same standard that applies to Holocaust denial should apply to the Armenian case . "  When we contest the Jewish genocide , we can be punished , " Marseille said . "  And up until now , when we contest the Armenian genocide , there is no punishment . So we ca n't have a legal punishment for one and not for the other . Everyone is equal in front of the law . " But Sen. Jacques Mezard , who opposed the legislation , said freedom of expression was at stake . "  It calls into question historical and scientific research . Tomorrow will there be a question of a Vendee genocide ? " he asked , referring to a revolt against the French revolutionary government in 1793 . "  Will we put the Spanish and the United States in the stocks for the massacre of Native Americans ? We must reject this text and consign it to history books . " After December 's vote in the National Assembly , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accused France of committing its own "  genocide " during its war against Algerian independence in the 1950s and 1960s . Erdogan announced that Turkey was reviewing its ties with France . Ankara recalled its ambassador to Paris for consultations , canceled bilateral visits and would n't cooperate with France in joint projects within the European Union . The French Foreign Ministry shot back at Erdogan 's comments , saying France "  assumes with clarity and transparency its duty to remember the tragedies that have marked its history . " And Sarkozy has said that his country does n't need an OK from another nation to develop its policies . In addition to being NATO allies , Turkey and France have trade ties valued at $ 13.5 billion , according to Turkish statistics . The genocide debate is also a source of tension between Turkey and the United States , another NATO ally . The White House , for example , annually beats back efforts in Congress to pass a resolution that would formally recognize the 1915 massacre of Armenians as genocide .	"  A grave mistake has been corrected , " the Turkish Foreign Ministry says "  The Council deems the law unconstitutional , " France 's highest court says President Sarkozy calls for a new version of the law addressing the court 's concerns Turkey denies genocide and says the deaths resulted from World War I fighting
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Taliban in Pakistan have released a second audiotape purportedly containing the voice of their leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , who sources say was wounded in a suspected drone strike this week . The group also released an audiotape Friday , though CNN could not confirm that the voice on either tape belongs to Mehsud . It was unclear whether the first tape was recorded before or after Thursday 's drone strike , but the voice on the second tape announced the date as Saturday . "  Let me say this briefly , that I , Hakimullah Mehsud , today , on the 16th of January , with central spokesman Azam Tariq and Umar Khittab , want to give this message to all mujahedeen : that by the grace of Allah , I , Hakimullah Mehsud , am alive and in good health . Neither have I been martyred in a drone attack nor injured , " the voice says on Saturday 's tape . Tariq , a Taliban spokesman , denied Thursday and again Friday that Mehsud was hurt . Tariq said Mehsud had left the site of the attack -- a converted religious school -- before the missiles struck . He dismissed reports of an injury to Mehsud as propaganda . However , other Taliban and intelligence sources said doctors were treating Mehsud for wounds he sustained in the drone strike . Tariq delivered both audiotapes to local journalists . On the tape released Friday , the voice says , "  The media right now is also part of the war . The enemy through the media wants to demoralize the Taliban . At times they spread the propaganda in the media that ` We have martyred Hakimullah . ' At other times they say , ` We have completed the operation in South Waziristan , ' but this will never happen . " The drone strike hit a madrassa , or religious school , that local officials said had been converted into a militant training camp . Ten people were killed in the strike , Pakistani intelligence and local officials said . In the Friday tape , the speaker warns of what will happen if the drone strikes continue . "  I want to inform the Pakistani people that the drone attacks that take place in the tribal areas endanger the politics , well-being and sovereignty of Pakistan , " the speaker says . "  From today onward , for any dangerous step that the Pakistani Taliban will take in Pakistan , those responsible will be Pakistan 's rulers , not the Taliban . This is because the Pakistani rulers want to spill the blood of the innocent -LSB- tribesmen -RSB- in exchange for dollars . " The U.S. military routinely offers no comment on reported attacks by drones , or unmanned aircraft . The United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from remote-controlled aircraft . Last week , the Taliban released a video showing Mehsud sitting next to Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi , the man who killed seven CIA employees and a Jordanian army captain at an eastern Afghan base December 30 . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack . It was carried out out to avenge the death of Mehsud 's predecessor , Baitullah Mehsud , who died in a suspected U.S. drone strike last year , according to al Qaeda 's commander of operations in Afghanistan , Mustafa Abu Yazid . Baitullah Mehsud and Hakimullah Mehsud are from the same tribe , but not from the same family . CNN 's Pierre Bairin contributed to this report .	NEW : Taliban in Pakistan issue another tape they say is by Hakimullah Mehsud NEW : Speaker declares he is "  alive and in good health " Reports conflict over whether Mehsud was injured in a drone strike this week Last week Taliban released video of Mehsud with the man who killed seven CIA employees
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Screening Room went to the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane in the heart of London 's West End , where a spectacular musical version of "  The Lord of The Rings " is enjoying a successful run , to meet Indian composer A. R. Rahman , whose blend of Asian culture with rock and Western classical styles has revolutionized the Indian film industry . And now Rahman is about to make his mark in Hollywood . A. R. Rahman , interviewed by CNN 's Screening Room Virtually unknown in Europe and the U.S. , Rahman has sold 200 million albums worldwide -- more than the Beatles -- and is worshipped throughout much of Asia , where he 's known as the Mozart of Madras . Now he has added a Hollywood film score to his vast repertoire of movie music . Rahman explained to CNN what he thinks makes great movie music . "  A great soundtrack is like ` Laura "  s theme ' , the ` Love Story ' theme , ` Chariots of Fire ' and all those sorts of things , where it stood by itself , " he said . But recently , he 's noticed a changing mood . "  Now it is becoming too abstract and more ambient and more ... I do n't know , soundscape-ish , more than melody . People are afraid of melody : ` Oh , that melody is distracting my scene , ' it is becoming like that . " And that brings fresh challenges for the makers of film music . "  Now the challenges of the composer are much more , " he told CNN . "  One needs to know of recording , production , it is not enough to compose a great theme and -LSB- know -RSB- how it can intertwine with the movie . And with Indian film it is an even greater challenge , because we need to be like Michael Jackson , John Williams , Hans Zimmer and an Indian folk composer all put together . So they expect finesse and they expect versatility . " Rahman 's compositions are versatile enough to be used by both Bollywood and Hollywood , a case in point being his music for the Hindi film "  Dil Se , " which was used almost a decade later by Spike Lee for "  Inside Man . " But for Rahman , the process to create film music is being challenged by increasingly crammed movie schedules . "  There used to be a time where the director and the composer would work together , " he explained . "  They would develop themes and the director would shoot a scene , but now the world 's so fast that people are finishing the movie even before going to a composer . " As well as writing songs and scores , Rahman has featured in many Bollywood films singing the songs which are mimed by the acting superstars . He recently completed a sell-out tour of the U.S. performing highlights from his songbook to devoted fans . He explained to CNN how playback singing is a normal part of Indian film music . "  Well , until I worked in ` Bombay Dreams ' six or seven years back , I never realized that it is not cool to have playback singing . Until then , it was the story of Indian films where somebody else lip synchs and somebody else sings . " And Rahman has been converted to the Western model , where those singing on-screen usually provide the vocals themselves . "  In my future projects I would rather have a star who sings , " he said . Director Shekhar Kapur recruited Rahman and fellow composer Craig Armstrong to provide the score for Cate Blanchett 's sequel to "  Elizabeth , " "  The Golden Age , " which premieres at Toronto Film Festival in September this year . Kapur described the thrill of working with two such different -- and complementary -- composers . He told CNN , "  Here are two totally different cultures . Craig Armstrong is strings and heart , the skies , choir , angels and devils , and A. r. is modern , restless music . " "  Just to get them together was very interesting for me . To sit there and see both of them jamming together , that was fascinating . They would n't talk , they would jam , and out of the jamming came the music . It was great . " Rahman is still getting used to his new-found status as darling of both East and West -- and it leads to a somewhat chaotic lifestyle , as he explained . "  It is terrifying sometimes . I suddenly wake up in Scotland doing music for ` Golden Age , ' and suddenly wake up doing an Indian superstar film , but I think after all these years I am probably getting a balance . " E-mail to a friend	Composer A. R. Rahman has sold over 200 million albums worldwide The ` Mozart of Madras ' works in both the Indian film industry and Hollywood Rahman 's work includes the music for ` The Lord of the Rings ' stage production
CNN  -- Hail ! to the victors valiant Hail ! to the conqu ` ring heroes Hail ! Hail ! to Michigan , the champions of the West ! What in the name of a Wolverine does the University of Michigan fight song have to do with why , in the second decade of the 21st century , we can not vote online for president ? "  From a security point of view , it is an insane thing to do , " David Jefferson , a computer scientist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratories and chairman of Verified Voting , told Computerworld in March . In this election cycle , estimates are that about 3.5 million voters in 32 states and the District of Columbia will be able to use their keyboards for at least some portion of the voting process , most of them military service members or Americans living overseas . "  The biggest concern I have about Internet voting is that we do n't know how to do it securely . It sounds wonderful but it 's an oxymoron . We do n't have Internet experts who know how to secure big pieces of the Internet from attack , " Ron Rivest , an expert in cryptology and a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , told a conference last year at Central Connecticut State University . Meanwhile , there remain concerns about the voting machines currently in use . "  This is a national security issue . It should really be handled by the Department of Homeland Security , " said Roger Johnston and he should know . Johnston led a team at the Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois , a research arm of the U.S. Department of Energy , in one of the most disturbing e-voting machine hacks to date , in the view of Brad Friedman , proprietor of the Brad Blog and a vocal critic on the subject of voting machine security . How secure is your electronic vote ? Hacking on the cheap Call it hacking on the taxpayers ' dime -- and on the cheap , too . Voting machines used by as many as a quarter of American voters heading to the polls in 2012 can be hacked with just $ 10.50 in parts and an 8th-grade science education , Friedman reported in a review of the experiment . " ... the Argonne team 's attack required no modification , reprogramming , or even knowledge , of the voting machine 's proprietary source code . It was carried out by inserting a piece of inexpensive ` alien electronics ' into the machine , " he wrote . This is just one of several hacks in recent years designed to reveal vulnerabilities in voting machines , including one in which the video game Pac Man was installed on a voting machine . If you want to know what types of equipment your state uses for voting , check out www.verifiedvoting.org . According to the group 's website :  $ cents One-quarter of the nation 's registered voters will use paperless electronic voting machines that provide no paper record of votes cast . In six states  Delaware , Georgia , Louisiana , Maryland , New Jersey and South Carolina  there is only paperless electronic voting . In five states  Indiana , Pennsylvania , Texas , Tennessee and Virginia  , the heavy majority of ballots cast are paperless .  $ cents Two-thirds of American voters use paper ballots . In 19 states , voters will use paper ballots statewide . In 13 states and the District of Columbia , optical scan voting will account for the majority of ballots .  $ cents Thirty-three states plus the District of Columbia provide a paper record for every vote cast . That may be a paper ballot or a printout that the voter can view before casting a ballot on an electric machine . Sandy has election officials scrambling ` Voting systems frequently fail ' Check out countingvotes.org for a ranking of the states based on voting equipment security . This survey -- released in July by the Verified Voting Foundation , the Rutgers University Law School and Common Cause -- found that more than 300 voting machine problems were reported in the 2010 midterm elections and more than 1,800 in the 2008 general election . "  Every national election since 2000 has shown us the same thing : Voting systems frequently fail , " the study said . "  When they fail , votes are lost . Voters in jurisdictions without paper ballots or records for every vote cast , including military and overseas voters , do not have the same protections as states that use paper ballot systems . This is not acceptable . " Now , back to "  Hail to the Victors . " Several weeks before the November 2010 election , University of Michigan computer science professor J. Alex Halderman and his students penetrated the District of Columbia 's pilot project of an Internet-based voting system for overseas voters . Granted , the District did challenge experts to test its system . "  Our objective was to approach the system as real attackers would : starting from publicly available information , we looked for weaknesses that would allow us to seize control , unmask secret ballots , and alter the outcome of the mock election , " Halderman and the team wrote in a paper published earlier this year . The Michigan team changed votes , reportedly casting one in a school board race for Bender , a robot from the animated series "  Futurama , " found voters ' personal information , took control of remote cameras in the computer room and -- more worryingly -- found evidence of other attacks originating in Iran , China and India . "  Within 48 hours of the system going live , we had gained near complete control of the election server . We successfully changed every vote and revealed almost every secret ballot . Election officials did not detect our intrusion for nearly two business days and might have remained unaware for far longer had we not deliberately left a prominent clue , " they reported . A telltale clue Oh , yes , that clue : The University of Michigan fight song played when a ballot was submitted . "  Nevertheless , it took two business days for officials to become aware of the infiltration , " the paper noted . The Michigan crew shared its findings with D.C. election officials , who opted not to use the system in November 2010 . While the D.C. officials acknowledged that , " ... we learned many valuable lessons " they maintained : "  Even more , voters expect that there will be a day when online voting will be as simple as paying bills or paying taxes . While there will always be citizens who choose to file their taxes on paper and there will always be voters who wish to visit their local polling place on Election Day , election officials know that voters expect , one day , to cast their ballot from their laptop . " That day already is a reality in the North European nation of Estonia , "  the envy of the digital world " and "  among the most wired and technologically advanced countries in the world , " Estonia is the leader in Internet voting , CNN reported a year ago . Critics say that the challenges of secure Internet voting in Estonia , a nation of 1.34 million people , pale in comparison with those in the United States , where roughly 100 times that number of people voted in the 2008 presidential election . At the conference in Connecticut last year , Rivest estimated that mass online voting in the United States was at least two decades away from reality . West Virginia leads the way One of those who had seen the dawning of that day is West Virginia Secretary of State Natalie Tennant . During the 2010 general election , 125 West Virginia voters , in the military and overseas , cast ballots online . In a paper published this year , Tennant wrote : "  To date , no significant deficiencies or concerns have been identified with the West Virginia online voting pilot . In short , what West Virginia did worked . It was a small program that helped an admittedly small group of voters cast their ballot more conveniently . There were 125 opportunities for something to go wrong , but to our knowledge , nothing did . " Tennant said that for members of the armed forces , particularly those stationed in war zones , being able to vote was meaningful . Tennant made this plea to skeptics : "  Instead of continuing to focus on the shortcomings of Internet voting , opponents could help strengthen it . Computer experts could lend their skills to developing encryption software that guarantees that each ballot is securely transmitted . Election officials could help voters better understand how the process works . "  Internet voting should be a safe , secure , accessible option for voters . It is time that we , as a society , agree that our voting is far too sacred to compromise -- and that at some point in time this sacred right and accessible technology must intersect . I believe the time to explore that is now , " Tennant said . Companies touting online voting are confident they are the future . "  I believe everyone will have the option of voting online , certainly within our lifetime , " Lori Steele , chief executive officer of Everyone Counts , a San Diego-based Internet voting company that provides services in several states , told The Wall Street Journal .	Expert says going to online voting now would be ` insane ' Report finds that machines can be hacked for as little as $ 10.50 in parts Voting machines without paper ballot backup "  is not acceptable , " another study finds Within 48 hours of going live , hackers had nearly taken over D.C. test system
CNN  -- Alleged Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was semi-conscious , wrapped in field gauze and "  covered in blood " when he arrived late Friday at Beth Israel Hospital in Boston , according to a detailed first-hand account from a senior employee at the hospital . The source said Tsarnaev appeared to have lost a great deal of blood and was making no sound until he reached the Red Zone Trauma Area , where he began to moan in considerable pain . He did n't seem to utter any words , the source said . Approximately 8-10 medical staff were working on him and there were at least two thoracic surgeons present as well as other surgeons . His condition was stabilized very quickly , said the source . The FBI was inside the trauma room during the stabilization and several other law enforcement agencies were outside the room , including the FBI , Boston police and Beth Israel police , according to the source . Reconstructing the trail of his deleted Instagram account Other patients were also in the trauma area , separated by curtains , but there were no bombing victims there , the source said . Tsarnaev was taken to X-ray , had a CT scan and was then taken to the operating room . FBI agents stayed nearby during surgery , the source said . Within a matter of hours he was moved to an ICU unit on the upper floors of the hospital . There were no other patients in that secure unit for the duration of the time that he was there and Tsarnaev recovered very quickly , the source said . "  He was in much better shape than most people thought , " the source said , but had serious wounds to his throat and leg . He has since been transferred with the help of U.S. Marshals to Federal Medical Center , Devens -- a federal prison specializing in long-term medical care , about 40 miles west of Boston . At Devens , he is locked inside a 10-by-10-foot cell with a steel door , a slot for food and an observation window , a prison spokesman said Sunday . Tsarnaev is now able to speak and has been interacting with medical staff , spokesman John Colautti said . After disasters , hospitals pay it forward	Source : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev arrived at hospital semi-conscious and ` covered in blood ' He did n't seem to utter any words , the source says Source : His condition was stabilized very quickly
They 're bigger , brawnier , and faster than the typical male , but are National Football League players healthier than other men their age ? Justin Bannan , who plays for the Baltimore Ravens , participated in the study on NFL players . Yes and no , according to a new NFL-funded study that looks at the cardiovascular health of young athletes . The good news is that NFL players have cholesterol levels similar to other men in their 20s and 30s , and their blood sugar tends to be even healthier . However , they are much more likely to have high blood pressure or borderline hypertension when compared with men who are n't professional athletes . "  It 's a step in the right direction to have this study , " says Justin Bannan , 30 , who plays defensive tackle for the Baltimore Ravens and took part in the research . "  I think the more information we can find out and the more studies we can do , the better . " The study , published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association , is important , particularly as more and more players are weighing in at 300-plus pounds . The extra weight could potentially strain an athlete 's heart in youth or even after retirement , and many question whether it has played a role in a handful of high-profile deaths . Health.com : Eat right advice : Fiber , starch , fats , serving sizes In particular , the death of Thomas Herrion at age 23 has raised concerns about the heart health of larger players . Herrion , who was 6 ' 3 " and 330 pounds , had just finished an exhibition game with the San Francisco 49ers when he collapsed and died in 2005 . "  He 's sort of the prototype of the bigger , stronger linemen that populates the NFL now , as compared with 20 or 30 years ago , " says lead study author Dr. Andrew M. Tucker , the team physician for the Baltimore Ravens . "  We have so many big , strong guys over 300 pounds . I think that case in particular was important in stimulating the whole study and the investigation . " Other heavy players -- such as defensive end Reggie White -- have also died at an early age . White was 43 when he died from cardiac arrhythmia in 2004 . In the study , Tucker , who is the cochair of the NFL subcommittee on cardiovascular health , and his colleagues looked at 504 active players from 12 teams in 2007 . The researchers measured the players ' height , weight , percentage of body fat , and other factors , and then compared them to 1,959 men ages 23 to 35 who participated in a study called CARDIA  Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults  . Health.com : 20 little ways to lose drop the pounds and keep them off They found that players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men  only 6.7 percent of players had impaired fasting glucose compared to 15.5 percent of other men  and their cholesterol levels were essentially the same . However , 13.8 percent of players had high blood pressure and 64.5 percent had prehypertension , or borderline high blood pressure , compared to 5.5 percent and 24.2 percent of other men , respectively . Tucker notes that the football players outweighed the men in the CARDIA study by an average of 70 pounds and that it 's natural to assume that larger people may have higher blood pressure . "  But what was fascinating to us was the category of prehypertension , " says Tucker , who is also the medical director of sports medicine at Union Memorial Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland . Health.com : How to eat out without getting fat The study found that NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men -- regardless of the size of the player or his position . "  So our lean players who play defensive back and wide receiver , they have prevalence of prehypertension just as common as the really big guys playing offensive and defensive line , " says Tucker . "  So there 's something that we 're trying to investigate now that accounts for elevated blood pressures in our active players that is not accounted for by size alone -- there 's got to be something else . " Health.com : Cut up to 900 calories with simple substitutions That "  something else " could be strength or resistance training , the use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , sleep apnea  which is characterized by heavy snoring and a hike in blood pressure  , or diet , including excessive sodium intake . Dr. Tucker does n't think anabolic steroids are to blame . Even though he and his colleagues did n't ask players if they used steroids , he says that the NFL 's year-round testing program should have ruled out any use . " -LSB- However -RSB- I 'm concerned about the widespread use of performance-enhancing agents , which contain stimulants that can not only increase blood pressure but of course have stimulating effects on the heart , " says Dr. Tucker . He adds that , in the last several years , such stimulants have been linked to sporadic deaths in college and even professional athletes . Although today 's players are much more likely to weigh in excess of 300 pounds than those in the past , it does n't necessarily mean they are fat , Dr. Tucker explains . Athletes are larger nowadays due to rule changes in the 1970s and 1980s that were aimed at protecting their lower bodies ; those guidelines also gave larger players a competitive advantage . If one goes by body mass index alone -- a measure of height and weight that does n't take into account muscle mass -- more than half of players are obese , according to a 2005 study . However , Tucker and his team found that the average percentage of body fat was 14 percent , ranging from 8 percent to 10 percent in the leaner positions -- such as wide receivers and linebackers -- to 20 percent in defensive linemen and 25 percent in offensive linemen . "  Even our offensive linemen are really on the upper limits of what 's considered healthy , " says Tucker . "  There are plenty of my regular patients who would take that . " Health.com : Olympic swimmer discusses life with exercise-induced asthma Overall , Tucker says he is most worried about older , retired athletes . "  I 'm concerned about whether there is a constellation of things going on that puts them at risk when they 're 45 or 55 , " he says . More attention is being paid to detraining athletes so that they can adopt healthier lifestyles and better nutrition after they retire , says William Kraemer , Ph.D. , a professor in the department of kinesiology at the University of Connecticut . "  It really is tough because you 're trying to stay big in your playing days , " says Kraemer . "  The big fear is , -LSB- after retirement -RSB- you stop exercising and you keep eating the way you used to when you were expending a lot of calories . A lot of times when kids get out of college or they get out of the pros , there is no system in place that helps them make the transition . " The Ravens ' Bannan says the older generation is teaching younger players the importance of changing their lifestyle after retirement . "  If you 're a heavier player , a lineman that 's over 300 pounds , really what it comes down to is a lifestyle change and eating healthier , losing weight when you are done , and staying active and staying healthy , " says Bannan , who is 6 ' 3 " and 310 pounds . "  Make a few changes in your life ; I think that 's going to make things a lot better for you down the road . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Death of Thomas Herrion has raised worries over the heart health of big players Researchers looked at 504 active NFL players from 12 teams in 2007 Players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men
CNN  -- Residents of the nation 's capital can now get a driver 's license and free HIV testing -- at the same time . A Department of Motor Vehicles branch in southeast Washington is offering testing for the disease under a pilot program aimed at educating residents and reducing stigma . "  We realize that this is a nontraditional setting , but this program is about normalizing HIV and extending testing opportunities , " said Angela Fulwood Wood , chief operations officer for nonprofit Family and Medical Counseling Service . "  We chose the DMV because it offers a good cross-section of people . " The test will be confidential , just like other HIV tests offered elsewhere , Wood said . It will be conducted by professionals and will not be part of DMV records . "  The DMV only provides space for the program , " she said . "  It has nothing to do with the testing , it has nothing to do with the results . " The nonprofit chose this particular branch -- the Penn Branch -- because infection rates have gone up in the area , Wood said . Penn Branch also has the most visitors and can accommodate confidential space to take the HIV test , local officials said . Results of the free oral test are available in 20 minutes . Test takers will get $ 15 to go toward DMV costs , but Wood emphasizes that knowing one 's status is the primary incentive . "  Our goal is to touch base with all the people who come into the DMV , " Wood said . "  We want to stress this project is about education as it is about testing . " Wood said those who opt not to find out their status at the DMV office will get information on other free sites to get tested . Gilead Sciences , a California-based pharmaceutical company , provided a $ 250,000 grant to fund the program , according to Wood . District officials have partnered with Family and Medical Counseling Service to provide the one-year pilot . The nonprofit will offer testing and counseling , and help those who test positive get medical help through a provider of their choice , said Dr. Pierre Vigilance , director of the D.C. Department of Health . More than 3 percent of adults and adolescents are living with HIV in the capital , among the highest rates in the nation , according to Vigilance . Nationally , the prevalence of the disease is 0.5 percent . Officials were optimistic as the program kicked off Tuesday . The first-day response was "  excellent ... there has been a line waiting to get the HIV test , " Vigilance said . "  Many people have to wait for some of the DMV services and the rapid HIV test takes only 20 minutes . It fits perfectly with the waiting times . "	NEW : Test results are confidential , not seen by DMV , nonprofit says Results of the free test will be available in 20 minutes Those who test positive will get counseling and medical help
CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council approved a resolution that gives regional leaders 45 days to provide specific plans for an international military intervention to oust rebels in northern Mali . The unanimous resolution Friday marks a key step and speeds up preparations for a possible intervention to retake the region from al Qaeda-linked rebels . Mali plunged into chaos in March after a military ruler overthrew the president , shaking one of West Africa 's most stable democracies . The coup leader stepped down in May and transferred power to a civilian transitional government , but uncertainty looms . Ethnic Tuareg rebels and Islamist militants took advantage of the chaos to seize the northern portion of the country . Months later , two groups with ties to al Qaeda toppled the Tuareg movement . The two groups now control two-thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of France . West African states and the transitional government have asked the U.N. Security Council to authorize the military intervention . The Security Council on Friday urged the transitional government , the rebel groups and community representatives to "  engage as soon as possible " to find a peaceful political solution . It also tasked U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon with working with West African nations and the African Union to submit to the Security Council within 45 days "  detailed and actionable recommendations " in preparation for the deployment of an international military force in Mali . United Nations officials should provide military planners to the African Union to assist with the preparations , the resolution said . Recommendations should include the number of forces needed and estimates of how much it would cost , according to the resolution . The resolution comes amid grim reports of human rights violations in the north . Radical Islamists are compiling a list of unmarried mothers in northern Mali , raising fears of cruel punishments such as stoning , amputations and executions , a senior United Nations official said this week . . Islamists controlling most of the north have vowed to impose a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . Local radical groups have said the law condemns relationships outside marriage . The U.N. assistant secretary-general for human rights , who just returned from a visit to Mali , said there are reports Islamist groups are compiling lists of women who have had children out of wedlock , or who were unmarried and pregnant . "  The threat is there , it 's real and people live with it and they are afraid of those lists , " Ivan Simonovic said . "  This could indicate that these women are at imminent risk of being subjected to cruel and inhumane punishment . " Extremists have conducted public executions , amputations , floggings and other inhuman and degrading punishments , Simonovic said . Women and children face greater risk , he said . More women in the region are ending up in forced marriages and the militants are also buying children and enlisting them as soldiers . They are paying the children 's families $ 600 -- a major incentive in a country where more than half the population lives on $ 1.25 a day , he said . In addition , the Islamists have also banned smoking , drinking , watching sports on television and listening to music .	U.N. Security Council gives regional leaders 45 days to provide a deployment plan The unanimous resolution speeds up preparations for a possible intervention It comes amid grim reports of human rights violations in the north
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Twenty Greenpeace activists entered a nuclear reactor compound in eastern Spain early Tuesday and several of them climbed a refrigeration tower to protest the use of nuclear power , a Spanish official and Greenpeace spokeswomen said . The security breach occurred at the Cofrentes nuclear power plant at the town of Cofrentes in eastern Valencia province , where the activists painted the word "  peligro , " which means "  danger , " high up on the tower . A spokeswoman for the Spanish government 's main office in the Valencia region said the "  vital " parts of the nuclear plant were not affected , were tightly secured and were operating normally . A plant security guard was "  slightly injured " by the activists as they entered . The guard was treated at the plant medical facility , the government spokeswoman said . Greenpeace activists maintained a running blog on the environmental organization 's website about the events , writing that the Greenpeace team entered the plant around 7 a.m. local time  1 a.m. ET  and that six of them scaled the 125 meter , or 400 foot , tall refrigeration tower . The government spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified , said there might have been as many as 14 Greenpeace activists up on the tower . Others on the ground were quickly identified by security personnel and sent to a local courthouse . Cofrentes , one of eight nuclear reactors in Spain , started operations in 1984 . But its current 10-year operating license expires next March 20 , Spain 's nuclear regulatory body , the Nuclear Security Council , said on its website . Greenpeace has long been known for its stance against the use of nuclear power . Government officials did not immediately comment on how the activists managed to breach security at the Cofrentes plant . Due to previous Islamic terrorist attacks in Madrid and elsewhere in Europe , the Spanish government has repeatedly said it has a fine tuned security plan for its nuclear plants and other installations , such as dams , that are considered a priority to the nation 's security . Spain in 2007 generated only about 20 percent of its electricity from nuclear power ; the rest coming from coal , renewable wind , solar and other sources .	Greenpeace activists breach security at nuclear plant Spanish official says "  vital " parts of the plant were not affected Plant 's license expires soon ; Greenpeace opposes nuclear power
CNN  -- I hate the Dallas Cowboys . No , I do n't dislike them . I flat out can not stand anything about the Dallas Cowboys . The year they went 1-15 , I was ticked they won that one game . When they played in those three Super Bowls in the '90s , I rooted hard for the opposition . Hell , I hate them more than the Ku Klux Klan ! That 's why I take great pleasure in seeing the transfer of power in the Lone Star State , where the football greatness has moved from Dallas to Houston . For decades , all of the talk has been about the Cowboys , that damn star , and lately , the monstrosity of a football palace built by owner Jerry Jones . But with the NFL playoffs kicking off this weekend , the only football they 'll witness at Cowboys Stadium is Kansas State and Arkansas in the Cotton Bowl . Another opinion : Why the Cowboys still rule in Texas But 250 miles south of Dallas , the Houston Texans will take on the Cincinnati Bengals in the AFC wild card game . For Cowboys fans , it 's over . No longer can you talk supremacy over Houston . The expansion Texans is the talk of the state , and all the Cowboys fans can do is complain about Tony Romo and Jerry Jones . And they might as well get used to it . The Cowboys are truly a has-been team . Those five Lombardi trophies ? Well , you better keep watching NFL Films . That will be the only way to see Dallas raise that again . The Texans are a young and talented team that could have done better than 10-6 had we not been hit with injuries to our top three players . We are about to see a tremendous run by the Texans , and when it comes to pro football in the state , no one will be talking about the bumbling Cowboys . America 's Team ? Hell , you 're barely Arlington 's team with the rise of the Texas Rangers in back-to-back World Series . You do n't even have the best-looking cheerleaders in the NFL  I 'll vote for the Miami Dolphins  . Houston has always been a world-class city , and one satisfied with being a Texas town . Dallas ? It 's always desired to be another Los Angeles and New York . Just get your own identity and stick with it . Sure , Dallas will talk a lot of smack about being the Texans ' big brother , and before that , the Houston Oilers . But I do n't care . I was a "  Luv Ya Blue " fan before Bud Adams bolted to Tennessee , and now I 'm a season ticket holder for the Texans . I would continue , but I need to pack for my flight Friday to Houston for the game . All the Cowboys fans will be packing is a bunch of Haterade for the new King of Football in Texas : the Houston Texans .	Roland Martin says he ca n't stand the Dallas Cowboys The Houston Texans fan says "  football greatness has moved from Dallas to Houston " Martin : "  The Cowboys are truly a has-been team "
London  CNN  -- Wrapped in heavy coats against the November chill , thousands of visitors crowd onto the paths circling the Tower of London to catch a glimpse of the extraordinary "  sea " of crimson filling the castle 's moat below . The blood-red tide which flows from one of the palace 's windows and laps at its ancient stone walls is made of hundreds of thousands of individually handcrafted ceramic poppies . Each of the 888,246 blooms in the artwork , "  Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red , " represents a life lost in World War I -- one for each of the British and Colonial soldiers killed in the conflict that began 100 years ago . And as Britain commemorates Armistice Day in the war 's centenary year , the final poppy will be "  planted " shortly before 11am on November 11 , the time at which the armistice was signed , ending the war in 1918 . Once the evolving artwork , which began with the planting of the first poppy by Tower of London Yeoman Warder Crawford Butler on July 17 , is "  complete " a lone bugler will play the Last Post , signaling the start of two minutes ' silence in memory of the war dead . Less than 24 hours later , the army of thousands of volunteers who helped put it together will sweep in and begin dismantling it , "  picking " each flower . The poppies will then be checked , cleaned and packed before being shipped to their new owners -- each has been sold , for  # 25  about $ 40  , to benefit six armed forces charities . But following widespread calls for the hugely popular installation to remain in place longer , even until 2018 , leaving them at the Tower for the duration of the WWI anniversary , organizers said two parts of the display would be kept in place until the end of November . The "  weeping window " and the "  wave " of poppies across the path leading into the Tower will then be taken on a tour of the UK , before becoming part of the permanent exhibitions at the Imperial War Museums in London and Manchester . Historic Royal Palaces  HRP  , the organization which runs the Tower of London , tweeted : "  We 're pleased to confirm that these two major features of the #TowerPoppies will be going on national tour until 2018 . " HRP says in excess of 4 million people -- between 60,000 and 70,000 a day -- are expected to have visited the installation by the time it ends . In a statement , British Prime Minister David Cameron said : "  The poppy display at the Tower of London has in a very short space of time become a much loved and respected monument . "  We want to ensure that as many people as possible have the opportunity to witness it ... By displaying parts of the installation around the country and then permanently in the Imperial War Museum , we have ensured that this poignant memorial will be saved for the nation . " The HRP spokeswoman told CNN that the display 's creators , ceramic artist Paul Cummins and theater designer Tom Piper , had always intended it to be an evolving memorial . "  That was very much part of the artists ' intentions , the transient nature of it , as is the idea that it will then be dispersed , that the poppies will find new homes , " she said . HRP and Transport for London have warned those heading to the Tower to see the poppies in their last days and weeks that there are likely to be large crowds in the area , and that public transport and Tube stations nearby will be far busier than usual . In order to allow more people to experience it , the artwork has been illuminated until midnight each evening . There are reports that some of those who have bought the blooms are trying to cash in on the enormous popularity of the installation by selling their flowers on internet auction site eBay for more than double their original price . An eBay spokesman told Britain 's Daily Mail newspaper that such inappropriate listings would be canceled . Cameron praised all of those involved in the "  extraordinary project , " which he said had "  brought forward from the British public a huge amount of reverence for those who have given their lives and served our country . " "  The numbers going to see this display have been truly extraordinary , " he said at the weekly Prime Minister 's Questions session in parliament , adding that money raised from the sale of the poppies was likely to fund valuable work by veterans ' charities . Poppies have been used as a way of commemorating World War I for decades -- in Britain , thousands of paper flowers are sold for charity each year to be worn in people 's lapels . The flowers grew over the battlefields of northern France and Belgium , inspiring one of the most famous poems written about the conflict , by John McCrae : "  In Flanders fields the poppies blow , Between the crosses , row on row ... " READ MORE : Poppy hijab honors Muslims , sparks controversy READ MORE : WWI battlefield soil carried to London for centenary	More than four million people have visited poppy art installation at Tower of London "  Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red " is made up of more than 880,000 ceramic flowers Each poppy represents a British or Colonial soldier killed in World War I Final bloom will be planted on 11 November ; flowers will then be "  picked " and sold
CNN  -- Sinkholes , like the kind that swallowed part of a resort near Disney World in central Florida this week , are more common than you might think . In the late Sunday night incident , all the guests inside the buildings at the Summer Bay Resort made it out OK before the ground opened up , leaving a 60-foot-wide ,15 - foot-deep crater . But sometimes the results have been deadly . In February , a Florida man fell into a sinkhole that opened suddenly beneath the bedroom of his suburban Tampa home . He did n't survive . Here is a look at what causes sinkholes , where they occur and just how dangerous and costly they can be : What causes sinkholes ? Many sinkholes form when acidic rainwater dissolves limestone or similar rock beneath the soil , leaving a large void that collapses when it 's no longer able to support the weight of what 's above , whether that be an open field , a road or a house . These are called "  cover-collapse sinkholes , " and it would appear this is what 's happening in Florida , where the ground beneath the home suddenly gave way . Where do they happen ? Sinkholes are particularly common in Florida , which rests on a nearly unbroken bed of limestone , according to the Florida Sinkhole Research Institute . Central Florida is particularly known for sinkholes . It 's part of Florida 's so-called Sinkhole Alley , where two-thirds of insurance claims for sinkhole damage occur , according to a report prepared for state lawmakers in 2010 . Other places that frequently see sinkholes include Texas , Alabama , Missouri , Kentucky , Tennessee and Pennsylvania , the U.S. Geological Survey says . Do all sinkholes collapse so dramatically ? No , some merely cause the ground above to sag , or result in small ponds or saltwater marshes , the Florida Department of Environmental Protection says . How often do they happen ? There do not appear to be any solid numbers , but the Florida Senate Committee on Banking and Insurance reported that insurers had received 24,671 claims for sinkhole damage in that state alone between 2006 and 2010 . That 's an average of nearly 17 claims a day , just in Florida . How dangerous and costly are sinkholes ? Deaths and injuries from sinkholes are rare , but certainly not unheard of . For instance , in 2012 , a 15-year-old girl died when her family 's car fell into a Utah sinkhole , according to media accounts . But the holes are enormously costly . Insurance claims submitted in Florida alone between 2006 and 2010 totaled $ 1.4 billion , according the Florida Senate report .	Central Florida is particularly known for sinkholes The state lies on limestone bedrock and often sees the phenomenon Florida property owners filed 24,671 claims for sinkhole damage from 2006 to 2010 Florida sinkhole claims cost insurers $ 1.4 billion in that period , state Senate report says
