CNN  -- French club Lyon kept up their hoodoo over Real Madrid with a 1-0 win on Tuesday night as the Spanish giants face the prospect of exiting Europe 's premier competition at the last-16 stage for the sixth successive season . Lyon will take a narrow lead into the second leg of the Champions League tie thanks to a stunning second-half strike from Jean Makoun . Real , who have lost their last three trips to the Stade Gerland without scoring a goal , will battle to overturn the deficit next month at their Santiago Bernabeu Stadium -- which will host the final in May . Madrid president Florentino Perez spent a fortune on players such as Cristiano Ronaldo and Kaka in pre-season with the stated goal of winning the Champions League , as the club did in his first reign , and ending the dominance of rivals Barcelona . But coach Manuel Pellegrini has seen his side languish in second place to Barca in La Liga and suffer an embarrassing exit from the Copa Del Rey , so will be hoping his expensive legion of stars can bounce back from this defeat . After both sides went close with several half-chances , Lyon almost took the lead five minutes before halftime when winger Cesar Delgado lashed a volley against the left-hand post as Miralem Pjanic 's corner was only half-cleared . Two minutes after the break , Cameroon midfielder Makoun was allowed to surge to within 25 meters of the Real goal and he fired a right-foot effort that sailed past keeper Iker Casillas and into the top corner of the net . Ronaldo went close for Real with a deflected effort from similar distance , but the visitors were almost caught on the counter-attack as Casillas did well to deny Aly Cissokho . Gonzalo Higuain tested Lyon goalkeeper Hugo Lloris before being replaced by former Lyon star Karim Benzema with 15 minutes left , but Real were unable to force an equalizer .	French club Lyon keep up their hoodoo over Real Madrid with 1-0 home victory Jean Makoun scores only goal of Champions League last-16 tie just after halftime Real have lost last three times without scoring a goal at Lyon 's Stade Gerland Second leg is next month at Madrid 's Santiago Bernabeu , which hosts the final in May
New York  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai has started talks with representatives of the Taliban , a move that analyst Fareed Zakaria says could bring an end to the nine-year-long war . Karzai convened a meeting Thursday with the Afghan Peace Council , which was formed to help negotiate with the Taliban . Referring to the militants , Karzai said , "  I call on them once again to use this opportunity and say ` yes ' to this endeavor . I want them to come and bring peace to this land . " The author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Thursday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : Hamid Karzai has launched a council to help negotiate with the Taliban ? What 's the significance of that step ? Fareed Zakaria : I think it 's about time . If you look at any good study of civil wars , what you find is that most of them end in a negotiated settlement . Maybe because Americans have the memory of our civil war in which the North crushes the South , we somehow think that that 's how civil wars end . But that 's actually is very unusual . Watch an excerpt from Larry King 's interview with Hamid Karzai What normally happens is some kind of settlement that is negotiated in which the losers are reintegrated into the political order . Civil wars are unlike normal wars , because the winners and losers are going to have to live with one another . CNN : How does that apply to Afghanistan ? Zakaria : The Taliban , which is mounting this insurgency , is not a foreign element within the body politic . The Taliban is basically the political representative of the conservative elements of the Pashtun community . The Pashtuns are 50 percent of Afghanistan . ... It is a political force in Afghanistan . Coming to terms with it politically and seeing if there 's some way it can be reintegrated into the political order makes sense . You 're not going to kill every member of the Taliban . They 're not going to be exiled to a foreign land . They 're going to be there at the end of the day so it 's better to to have them in the tent . CNN : The U.S. military view seems to be that the talks have n't yielded progress so far , and a senior defense official told CNN , "  We do n't think the Taliban believe that they 're losing to the degree that they 'd come to terms in large numbers . " Are the talks premature because the effects of the U.S. military buildup have n't been felt yet ? Zakaria : First the very fact that the Taliban are coming to the table in a way they had not been willing to before suggests that they are feeling some pressure . But I also think you ca n't get too hung up with this idea that you have to negotiate from a position of strength . Ideally we would have them totally prostrate on the floor and that would be the time to negotiate . But the reality is that this is a very mixed military campaign . I do n't know if it 's going to be dramatically better one year from now or three years from now . See more opinion articles This is a little like somebody who owns a stock , who says , it 's at six now , I need to sell it , but I 'm going to wait till it goes to eight . Well maybe it will go to eight , maybe it will go to four . You might as well start talking at this point . First of all you learn a lot in the process of negotiations . And secondly , the military campaign could move in many different directions . If the surge starts succeeding even more , that will be reflected in our negotiating posture . CNN : Is there an idea yet of what a negotiated settlement might involve ? Zakaria : It seems as though the Taliban demands are that they want all foreign troops out . They do n't want to accept the Afghan constitution and they do n't want to lay down their arms . Now those are obviously their opening demands . Foreign troops are n't going to be out , but one could point out that President Obama has said there is going to be a reduction of foreign forces next year . On the Afghan constitution , there is a compromise there where there could be a few amendments to the constitution . But on laying down their arms , that it seems to me you ca n't really compromise , they would have to lay down their arms . Could some elements be integrated into the militia , or the Afghan national army ? Perhaps -- that 's what happened in Iraq . CNN : Is n't there also a clashing conception of society , with the Taliban being a closed society that does n't recognize an elevated role for women as opposed to a potentially democratic kind of society that 's envisioned by the Afghan constitution ? Zakaria : Yes , it is the kind of society envisioned by the Afghan constitution . But Afghanistan is a fairly conservative society . While the extreme elements of the Taliban have draconian visions which are obviously not supported by the Afghans -- the polls bear this out -- it 's also true that on issues of women 's rights and some of the more progressive elements of the Afghan constitution , the Karzai government is in a minority and those rights are not popularly supported . There are clashing visions , but there is probably a reality of Afghanistan which is a lot more progressive and open than the Taliban believe but is still a society that is somewhat conservative , and often tribal , and with very traditional views on something like women 's rights . The key is creating a situation where these rights are guaranteed but not fetishizing it . For example , one of the things the Afghan constitution has is a requirement for 25 percent representation of women in parliament . We do n't have such a requirement either in the U.S. Constitution or in the amendments . Many European countries do n't . Is it conceivable that something like that could be compromised ? Perhaps , and that 's the kind of thing where we 'd have to be creative in coming up with a solution that moderates and some elements of the Taliban could live with . CNN : Is this an honorable exit for the United States ? Zakaria : I think so , and it 's not really an exit , it 's a reduction in our forces and in our role . And I think it would be appropriate . We 've been there for nine years . It 's not the only battleground , the only place where al Qaeda operates . There are many more members of al Qaeda in Pakistan than in Afghanistan . You 're trying to create a political settlement , and a self-sustaining political framework in Afghanistan that can survive the departure of American troops . And finally you 're leaving enough troops in there where you could still prosecute a fairly vigorous counterterrorism operation against those elements of the Taliban or al Qaeda that continue to plot and plan to do violence to civilians , foreigners , westerners . And I do think , if we could get this kind of a settlement , it would be an honorable way for the United States to begin reducing its exposure in Afghanistan .	Afghan president Karzai is talking to Taliban representatives Fareed Zakaria says a negotiated settlement is the only way to end the war He says compromise possible between Karzai government and Taliban After nine years , the U.S. needs to reduce its forces in Afghanistan , he says
Hairspray your hair into an '80s one-sided ponytail , put your Devo tape into your tape deck and get ready to dance to Delta Air Lines ' latest safety video . An homage to the 1980s , this is the airline 's fourth new safety video in two years , says Delta spokeswoman Leslie Scott . "  We want people to stay engaged while watching such an important message , " wrote Scott , via e-mail . "  We knew it was something that would resonate with many of our most frequent travelers who have an emotional connection to that decade -- whether it 's a fond memory or produced some cringeworthy fashion/hair choices . " There are special guest stars from the 1980s sprinkled among the actual Delta pilot and flight attendants , decked out in 1980s uniforms from the Delta museum .	It 's blast from the 1980s past in this Delta video Make sure your nail polish is shiny when you buckle up A certain redhead shows up again in this video
CNN  The Baltimore mother who slapped her son several times and pulled him out of a protest told CNN on Wednesday she was n't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son . "  Not at all , " Toya Graham told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 ˚ " in an interview that aired Wednesday night . "  He was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing . " The video of Graham yanking her son , Michael Singleton , and slapping him with a right hand as CNN affiliate WMAR recorded has led to the Internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear . Many people have praised the unemployed , single mother of six for going to the Mondawmin Mall and getting her son away from the escalating violence . Graham told Cooper that she saw her son with a brick in his hand , and she lost control of her emotions and told him to drop it . Wednesday night : Across United States , protests in support of Baltimore demonstrators "  I did  get emotional  . You know , once he threw that rock down I said , ` You were n't brought up like this , ' " Graham said . He 's not a perfect child , but he 's also not a thug , she said . The 16-year-old boy said he understood that his mother was there looking out for him . "  She did n't want me to get in trouble  with the  law . She did n't want me to be like another Freddie Gray , " he said , referring to the 25-year-old man who died of a severe spinal injury after being arrested by Baltimore police . Gray 's death has sparked daily protests over police brutality . There have also been riots and looting that prompted the city to put a curfew into effect . Graham said her son told her the night before the violence at the mall that something was up . She told him then and the next morning not to go . He swore to her he would n't . Her motherly sense kicked in when she heard school had closed early and the mall was shutting down , too . She went to the mall and focused on the teens who were tossing rocks and bricks . There he was , in sweatpants she recognized . They made eye contact . He had a brick in his hand , and that set her off . Wednesday night : Marchers back in the streets of Baltimore "  I was so angry with him that he had made a decision to do some harm to the police officers , " she said . She yelled at him to put the brick down . Singleton said he had seen her , but it did n't make sense that his mother would be there . But when he heard her voice , he realized it really was his mom -- and he was in big trouble . Then the camera captured her memorable smackdown . "  It was just World War III from right there , " he said , showing some humor about the incident . Graham noticed the TV crew but did n't think anything of it . And she did n't care . "  I was n't there to be recorded . I was there to get my child , " she said . Tameka Brown , one of Graham 's five daughters , told CNN on Tuesday it was n't that hard for her mom to spot her 16-year-old half-brother . "  She knows her son and picked him out . Even with the mask on , she knew , " Brown said . Brown said her mother is always looking out for her children . "  She has always been tough and knows where we are at , " Brown said . Graham said she tries to steer her son away from potential trouble and troublemakers . "  As long as I have breath in my body I will always try to do right by Michael and show him what 's going on out in society does n't have to be you , " she told CNN . Her son said that once they got home from the mall he understood why she pulled him out of the crowd . "  I was embarrassed a little bit , until she just started talking to me when we got home , " he said . "  She was  just telling me she did it because she cared about me . And it was n't to embarrass me , but because she cared . " CNN 's Elise Miller and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Video of Toya Graham going to a protest and forcefully removing her son went viral , drew a lot of praise The single mother of six tells CNN her son was scolded that he was n't brought up that way Michael Singleton says he knows his mom was trying to protect him
Ron Sim Chye Hock is the founder , chairman and chief executive officer of Osim International Ltd. . Ron Sim , founder , chairman and CEO of Osim He embarked on his enterprising career as a youngster in 1967 selling noodles on the street , and in 1980 began selling kitchen appliances and household goods , later specializing in luxury massage chairs . As the driving force behind Osim International , Sim has remained at the helm since its inception , always redefining the company 's strategy , goals and directions . The Wisconsin International University conferred him Doctor of Philosophy in Business Administration in 2001 , and the American University of Hawaii awarded him Doctor of Philosophy in Marketing Management in 2002 . He was voted Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year 2003 and in the same year won The Business Times "  Businessman of the Year . " He is a board member of Sentosa Development Corporation and IE Singapore . E-mail to a friend osim.com	Sim started out as a youngster selling noodles on the street In 1980 he began selling kitchen appliances and household goods He has remained at the helm of Osim since its inception , selling massage chairs
April 1 , 2015 A trip around the world starts things off this Tuesday , with coverage of events in Nigeria , Switzerland and West Africa . Then , at the start of Financial Literacy Month , we 're taking a look at wages in the U.S. and how they 're hampering the economy . And could cyborg cockroaches give pests a new role as rescuers ? Discuss the ethics , the debate and the science from today 's show ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
A jury has acquitted two former Fullerton , California , police officers on trial in the beating death of Kelly Thomas , a mentally ill and homeless man . The verdict was read in a Santa Ana courtroom Monday afternoon . Eight women and four men began deliberating the case on Thursday . "  I 'm just horrified . They got away with murdering my son , " Cathy Thomas , the victim 's mother , told reporters after the verdict was read . The victim 's father , Ron Thomas , said that everyone now needs to be afraid . "  This is carte blanche to police officers to do whatever they want , " he told reporters . The beating of Thomas in a transit parking lot was recorded by security cameras on the night of July 5 , 2011 . The surveillance camera footage shows Thomas being beaten , clubbed and stunned with a Taser by police . The video sparked a nationwide outcry . Former officer Manuel Ramos was charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter . A second former Fullerton officer , Jay Cicinelli , was charged with involuntary manslaughter and excessive use of force . Both were found not guilty on all charges . "  These peace officers were doing their job . They had no malice in their heart , " said John Barnett , an attorney for Ramos . When asked about the video , he said it 's "  not the entire case . " In closing arguments , Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas told jurors that Ramos bore responsibility for Thomas 's death because he issued a threat to the uncooperative homeless man . Ramos can be seen on the surveillance video putting on gloves and shaking his fist in Thomas ' face . Blind man beaten on Philadelphia street , police video shows	The victim 's mother says the officers got away with murder The verdict was read in a Santa Ana , California , courtroom Monday afternoon Eight women and four men began deliberating the case last Thursday The beating was recorded by security cameras on the night of July 5 , 2011
CNN  -- Scotland 's Susan Boyle gives new meaning to the term "  overnight sensation . " The "  Britain 's Got Talent " contestant was expected to be something of a joke when she first sauntered on stage , but she absolutely wowed the audience , the judges -- and then the world via the Internet -- with her stunning rendition of "  I Dreamed a Dream . " Along with Simon Cowell and Piers Morgan , Amanda Holden is a judge on "  Britain 's Got Talent . " But like others who stumble upon sudden fame , she found the pressure and scrutiny to be overwhelming . "  Talent " judge Amanda Holden and Dr. Drew Pinsky of VH1 's "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew " joined CNN 's Larry King Tuesday night to discuss Boyle 's hospitalization for stress and the toll the spotlight and media criticism might have taken on her mental health . They also discussed whether Boyle will develop the emotional stamina for a high-pressure singing career . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : What do we know right now ? Amanda Holden : Basically , we 've spoken to Susan 's brother . He , in fact , spoke on -LSB- CBS ' "  The Early Show " -RSB- this morning to say that his sister was very keen to come home as soon as she possibly could and that she was resting up in a clinic in London and that she was very much looking forward to coming out and seeing what was available to her when she felt better . King : Is the show , Amanda , paying for the hospital bills and are they taking care of her ? Holden : I have no idea if they 're paying the hospital bills . I would imagine that they are . We 're a very loyal show . We love Susan very much . In fact , all the contestants that appear on our show are extraordinarily well looked after . King : Your fellow judge , Piers Morgan , has said that there was talk of taking her off the show because of all the pressures on her . Were you involved ? Were there any discussions like that ? Holden : I was n't involved in any discussions like that . And I think Piers has a slightly closer relationship with her . ... The only thing I 'm worried about with Susan Boyle is that she seems to have a crush on Piers Morgan . ... I think that Piers kind of reassured her during the final that she was doing well and that she must n't pay any kind of attention to the press and all the other stuff that was going King : Despite all the tumult , there 's no disputing that Susan sang her heart out during the finale of the competition . I know the dance troupe -LSB- Diversity -RSB- was terrific . But , frankly , why did n't she win ? Holden : Honestly , I ca n't criticize the decision because it was the British public that voted in the end . I have no real idea , to be honest . I wonder whether it could be that Diversity was utterly fantastic on the show that night . They decimated the show . They really , really were amazing . And I just wonder whether maybe younger people voted and were quicker on the texts than the kind of people that were voting for Susan . But as I keep saying , if Susan is a loser , then surely she is the biggest and best loser that we have in the world . And coming second is no bad thing . Watch Amanda Holden discuss Susan Boyle " King : She came in , though , -LSB- as -RSB- a small-town amateur singer , -LSB- with -RSB- learning disabilities due to suffering oxygen deprivation at birth . Some say the program exploited her and her vulnerabilities . Do you agree ? Holden : I could n't disagree more . You know , she 's a grown woman who applied to come on a talent show . She enjoyed every second of every moment that I met her or saw her behind the scenes . She was very excited . She was very proud to be taking part in the show . I think the downturn in press in our country -LSB- Britain -RSB- , I think , maybe stressed her out a little bit . And I think she was just quite upset about all the exaggerated stories and the kind of falsehoods that were being written about her . I think that everybody gets upset about bad press when you 're in this business . And she 's somebody that 's gone from anonymity to -LSB- an -RSB- absolute worldwide phenomenon . King : Yes . Holden : So how is she expected to handle that ? Nobody can handle that with the best will in the world . I 've been in the business 15 years , and I 'm still not media savvy . -LSB- Dr. Drew Pinsky joins the show -RSB- King : What do you make of this Susan Boyle thing ? Pinsky : The problem here is that here 's a woman that 's suddenly under the scrutiny of the spotlight who maybe has some developmental issues , who is under tremendous stress and -LSB- now -RSB- is in a psychiatric hospital . The question is , did the show harm her ? King : Did it ? Pinsky : It 's hard to say . This is the first time these kind of experiences have really been undertaken by people . People that come out of nowhere all of a sudden are international superstars . King : Should we be , Amanda , concerned about that ? Holden : First of all , I just want to say that Susan 's brother said on British television this morning that , yes , Susan has experienced learning difficulties . But in actual fact , when she was at school , she did as well as any of her other siblings . But throughout her childhood , always before an exam or anything else , she always got quite anxious . -LSB- Before the show -RSB- , she was feeling nervous . But she went out there and she nailed it . You know , she did the best performance that we 've seen . And let 's not forget , this is actually only the second or third time we 've heard her sing . ... She is in a place where celebrities go when they are burnt out . Now , I am obviously not a doctor . I have no factual information to give to you . I can only say to you her brother ... has said she wants to come home within a matter of days , rather than weeks . Pinsky : That 's excellent . King : Would you guess , Dr. Drew , that she still has a career in front of her ? Would n't you bet she does ? Pinsky : Oh , I bet she does , absolutely . And she will learn to become accustomed to this kind of stress , I am sure . But let 's make sure she has the care she needs . And let 's be sure that ... everybody that goes on shows like this has access to things that help them deal with the stress of these kinds of environments .	Amanda Holden : Boyle is "  a grown woman who applied to come on a talent show " Holden believes negative press coverage stressed out the overnight sensation Though Boyle was exceedingly nervous before finale , Holden says she "  nailed it " Dr. Drew Pinsky : Contestants on high-pressure shows should get help with stress
CNN  -- I was in a year-abroad program in 1973 , one of 240 American students attending Loyola University Rome Center . The school year was winding down . I went out to dinner with a group of friends in Trastevere . After several courses and many bottles of wine , we went to a bar and listened to a singer do jazz standards . About 11:30 , Steve Pappas , a friend from Vallejo , California , and I decided to peel off from the group and take a cab across town to Harry 's Bar , an old Hemingway haunt on Via Veneto .  We 'd sit outside , drink whiskey and talk to the prostitutes , beautiful women who walked down from the park , Villa Borghese , looking for a rich guy staying at one of the expensive hotels . We left the bar , and I saw a taxi on the other side of the piazza under a full moon . Walked to it , and I got in back and closed my eyes , feeling the effects of many drinks . I heard the front door open and close , looked and saw Pappas grinning in the driver 's seat . "  We 're going to Harry 's . " I thought he was kidding . But then I heard the engine start , saw him slip the shifter in gear , and we did a couple doughnuts in the middle of the piazza , tires squealing , and pulled out , turning right onto a street heading for the Tiber River . I said , "  Are you out of your mind ? " He looked at me in the rearview mirror and laughed . Minutes later , negotiating the narrow cobblestone streets of Trastevere , we passed a Carabinieri  national police  sedan parked on the side of the road . I could see the cops look at us in what seemed like slow motion . The next thing I remember , the taxi came to a stop . Unlikely as it was , we were stuck in a traffic jam on the back streets of Rome . I got out of the taxi and started to run , made it to the Tiber but hesitated . Instead of going over the wall and climbing the ladder to the riverbank , I crouched behind a car in a small parking lot and waited . I could feel my heart banging in my chest . A few minutes passed , and nothing happened . Just as I started to relax , I saw a Carabinieri patrolman appear out of the darkness , coming toward me , gun drawn , shouting something in Italian . There was nowhere to go . I stood with my arms raised , hands over my head . I was handcuffed and taken to Carabinieri headquarters . Pappas had also been picked up , and we were reunited in an interrogation room and later were questioned by an angry Carabinieri officer . "  Who are you ? " We gave him our names . I said , "  We 're Americans , students at Loyola University . " He did n't seem impressed . "  Why did you steal the taxi ? " "  We had too much to drink , " Pappas said . "  It was a prank . " "  This is how a man makes his living , and you dismiss it as something trivial , unimportant . You drink too much and use this as an excuse . " The Carabinieri officer paused . "  In Italy , you are guilty until proven innocent . " With that , he walked out of the room . From there , I was handcuffed and pushed into the back of a Fiat sedan , flanked by two heavyset cops , and driven to the outskirts of Rome . I could see the walls and towers of a prison in the distance set behind a high fence topped with razor wire . I said to the cop on my right , "  What is that ? " "  Rebibbia , " He said . I had heard of it , Rebibbia , where the hardcore criminals were sent . We turned into the prison complex and pulled up to a building with a silver steel garage door that reminded me of something I 'd seen in a James Bond movie . The door went up , and we drove into a concrete loading area . The handcuffs were removed , and I was escorted to a room , photographed and fingerprinted . After that , I was escorted to a hall and fell in line behind the other fools who had been arrested that night , a motley crew of 20 men . No sign of Pappas . Grit on wry : A dinner with Elmore and Peter Leonard I was thinking about what my mother had said before I left the country . We were standing on the driveway , getting ready to go to the airport . "  Peter , please do n't get in trouble . " I said , "  What do you think I 'm going to do ? " The line kept moving , and when it was my turn , I stepped up to the open half-door of a storeroom and was given a stained towel , a bar of soap and a distressed cup made out of extruded metal . A guard escorted me to a cell , solitary confinement , which seemed like a blessing under the circumstances . It was now 4:30 in the morning . I was exhausted and fell asleep fast . Next thing I remember , I was in that state between sleep and waking up when your mind can play tricks on you . I was thinking about the events of the previous night , wondering if it was a dream , and then I opened my eyes and saw the morning sunlight coming through the barred window creating a distorted pattern on the tile floor . The room had a bed , an orange metal frame bolted to the wall and a stained mattress , a toilet , and scarred , graffiti-covered walls . A guy named Ricki professing his love for Ana . On my second day , in captivity a woman from the American Embassy visited and gave me a couple packs of Marlboros and a couple Hershey bars . I said , "  Do you have any news from Father Felice ? " He was the director of the university . She did n't know who he was , which was n't a good sign . I had n't heard anything from Felice or anyone else , and I was starting to wonder . Except for an hour in the exercise yard each day , I was locked in the 6-by-8-foot cell , and I was getting anxious , on edge . The exercise yard , with its concrete floor and chain-link walls , looked like it had been lifted from the projects in Detroit . I would stand with my back to the fence , feeling the warmth of the sun . Inmates would come up and ask if I was Swedish . When I told them I was an American , they assumed I had been arrested for drugs . "  No , " I would say , "  stealing a taxi . " And the typical response would be : "  That 's not bad . You get eight months , maybe a year , but no more than that . " Hearing it freaked me out . I thought , eight months , I 've got to get out of here . One afternoon in the yard , a dark-skinned guy who looked Tunisian or Moroccan tried to take my cigarettes . I did n't say anything , just stepped in and hit him in the face , and he went down . No one else bothered me after that . Early , the morning of day four , I was taken to a holding cell where I met my court-appointed attorney , a young guy named Sergio who did n't speak English . I asked him to contact Father Felice and find out was going on , but I do n't think he understood . Sergio represented me during the arraignment that was held in a conference room at the prison . A judge advocate explained the charges against me and said I would be going to trial in a few days . After the arraignment , I was moved to a four-man cell in general population . Pappas has been moved there , too . Our cellmates were Alejo , a 25-year-old pickpocket from Buenos Aires , and Spoleto , a 72-year-old armed robber who had been incarcerated since Mussolini was in power . Spoleto was demented and slept in his clothes , thinking he was going to be released any minute . I spent the next three days reading crime fiction from the prison library and thinking some day I would use the Rebibbia experience in a novel . On day seven , I was escorted to a large holding cell filled with prisoners , most of whom were throwing salt over their left shoulder for good luck before going to court . Pappas appeared a little later , handcuffed to a thin , frightened Italian . I was handcuffed to a little Sardinian guy who might 've been 5 feet tall . When we rode on a bench seat in the back of a van , six of us on one side with our backs to six others , the Sardinian 's little feet dangled over the floor . In court , we were represented by father/son attorneys hired by Father Felice . Here 's what I remember : There were three judges and a prosecutor , all wearing powdered wigs and black robes . The prosecutor shouted at us in a loud theatrical voice . Our attorneys answered the charges , and the three judges spoke to each other in hushed tones . It was over in 10 minutes . I was acquitted ; there was no evidence against me . As I recall , Pappas was found guilty and fined 20,000 Lire , about $ 34 . We found out later that Pappas ' attorney and one of the judges were friends , and a deal had been made . We were released , but it was n't over . Guilty or not , we were given 48 hours to leave the country . Which coincided with the end of the school year and our flight back to Chicago . Pappas and I were in the airport , drinking beer with our friends , when two Carabinieri in SWAT fatigues called our names and escorted Signore Pappas and Signore Leonard out of the airport terminal , through a gate to the tarmac and up the stairway that led to our plane . We were officially kicked out of Italy , persona non grata . We arrived in Chicago the next morning , and I took a connecting flight a few hours later . My father , Elmore Leonard , was waiting at the gate when I got off the plane in Detroit . Elmore looked at me and said , "  Hard time makes the boy the man . "	Leonard 's experiences studying in Rome inspired his book "  All He Saw Was the Girl " Peter 's father , Elmore Leonard , is a well-known crime novelist Leonard spent time in a notorious prison after getting caught up in an auto theft
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than two-thirds of African-Americans believe Martin Luther King Jr. 's vision for race relations has been fulfilled , a CNN poll found -- a figure up sharply from a survey in early 2008 . Martin Luther King Jr. waves to supporters from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial on August 28 , 1963 . The CNN-Opinion Research Corp. survey was released Monday , a federal holiday honoring the slain civil rights leader and a day before Barack Obama is to be sworn in as the first black U.S. president . The poll found 69 percent of blacks said King 's vision has been fulfilled in the more than 45 years since his 1963 "  I have a dream " speech -- roughly double the 34 percent who agreed with that assessment in a similar poll taken last March . But whites remain less optimistic , the survey found . "  Whites do n't feel the same way -- a majority of them say that the country has not yet fulfilled King 's vision , " CNN polling director Keating Holland said . However , the number of whites saying the dream has been fulfilled has also gone up since March , from 35 percent to 46 percent . In the 1963 speech , delivered to a civil rights rally on the Mall in Washington , King said : "  I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin , but by the content of their character . " Watch Obama speak at Lincoln Memorial on Sunday " "  Has that dream been fulfilled ? With the election of Barack Obama , two thirds of African-Americans believe it has , " CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said . "  Most blacks and whites went to bed on election night saying , ' I never thought I 'd live to see the day . ' That 's what the nation is celebrating on this King holiday : We have lived to see the day , " Schneider said . Watch Schneider 's analysis of pre-inauguration polls " What about the Voting Rights Act , one of the signature achievements of the civil rights movement , which will be reviewed by the Supreme Court later this year ? Two-thirds of blacks questioned in the poll say the U.S. still needs the Voting Rights Act today , but white respondents are split down the middle over whether that law is still necessary . In November , a majority of black respondents said that Obama 's victory signaled a new era in race relations . The poll suggests that a majority today no longer feels that way , although most blacks predict some improvement on racial issues . "  In the immediate aftermath of Barack Obama 's victory in November , African-Americans were cautiously optimistic about the future of race relations in the U.S. , but some of that optimism has faded since that time , " Holland added . In November , a majority of blacks for the first time believed that the U.S. would eventually find a solution to its racial problems ; now a majority of blacks believe that race relations will always be a problem in this country . Blacks do believe that the Obama presidency will be good for them -- 61 percent say that the quality of life for African-Americans will improve over the next four years . Optimism for a new era has also dropped among whites . "  We saw a burst of enthusiasm about race relations immediately after Obama 's election . The initial excitement has cooled a bit . But most blacks and whites still foresee some improvement in race relations , " Schneider said . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted January 12-15 . Pollsters questioned 1,245 adult Americans , including 798 whites and 332 blacks , by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is 3 percentage points for the overall sample and 4.5 percentage points for the breakdowns by race .	69 percent of blacks polled say Martin Luther King Jr 's vision realized Slim majority of whites say King 's vision not fulfilled King gave his "  I have a dream " speech in 1963
Editor 's note : Jeffrey D. Sachs is director of the Earth Institute and a professor at Columbia University . He also serves as special advisor to U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on the U.N. Millennium Development Goals . From 2002 to 2006 , he was director of the U.N. Millennium Project . He is president and co-founder of Millennium Promise , a nonprofit organization aimed at ending extreme global poverty and achieving the Millennium Development Goals . He has twice been named among the 100 most influential leaders in the world by Time magazine and is the author of the bestsellers "  Common Wealth " and "  The End of Poverty . " Jeff Sachs says the G-20 countries must take steps to cushion the poor from the financial crisis . CNN  -- The G-20 meeting in London , England , on April 2 will be watched by the entire world with urgency and with a yearning for hope , vision and programmatic clarity . The preparatory work is not adequate . The G-20 discussions do not move sufficiently beyond financial regulation . I would like to suggest the following main points for G-20 leadership in the global recovery . The G-20 needs to combine stimulus , economic development and sustainability : stimulus to get the world recession reversed , development to ensure that all of the world  not merely the rich countries or the G-20  shares in the benefits , and sustainability to address the world 's grave risks of climate change , water stress and loss of biodiversity . The world 's 3 billion poor , especially the 1 billion poorest of the poor , are suffering powerful and destabilizing blows from the crisis , and these will get worse and threaten global security unless there is specific attention and action . The G-20 can not limit its focus to regulating the financial sector , reforming the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank , avoiding protectionism and reciting the measures that individual countries are taking . This would leave the world gasping for direction and hope . The G-20 must offer a vision that is big enough to quell global fears and action bold enough to protect the desperately poor while guiding the cooperative decision-making of the world 's economic authorities . The G-20 must push forward based on real policy coordination . The world does not have a system of effective cooperation . The United States , for example , does not engage in comprehensive and deep coordination with other countries . The poor countries , with half the world 's population , and the poorest countries , with roughly one-fifth of the world 's population , have not been brought into the equation . The G-20 package for stimulus should include : First , fulfillment by all countries of stimulus measures already announced and a commitment to undertake new joint stimulus measures , especially priority public outlays on infrastructure , the social safety net and sustainable energy , as may be needed during the coming years . Second , establishment of a high-level G-20 coordination group , backed especially by China , the European Union , Japan and the United States , to work full-time on coordinating monetary , fiscal and financial policies for stimulus and long-term recovery . Such cooperative macroeconomic programming does not now exist . Third , increased currency support extended from the world 's five major central banks  the U.S. Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank , the Bank of England , the Bank of Japan and the People 's Bank of China  for emerging market economies facing the loss of loans from international banks  e.g. Eastern Europe  . The Fed 's currency swap lines to Brazil , Mexico , Korea and Singapore last fall played an important stabilizing role . The other central banks can and should do more , as can the Fed vis-à-vis other countries . Fourth , a G-20 commitment to gradual and orderly currency readjustments to help rebalance the world 's financial and trade flows . The Asian currencies should gradually appreciate against the euro , which in turn should appreciate gradually against the dollar . Squabbling about bilateral rates between the dollar and Chinese renmenbi should be put to rest . G-20 actions for the poor should include : First , establishment of an urgent special food security program , which would make grants to low-income , food-deficit countries  including Africa , Haiti , Afghanistan and elsewhere  to ensure that impoverished farmers can get the basic input they need  such as fertilizer and high-yield seeds  to grow more food . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon and Spain 's Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero have joined to propose this new program and have mobilized backing from about a dozen countries . The United States ' contribution should be at least $ 200 million per year over five years  $ 1 billion total  , matching Spain , the largest donor country , and sending a powerful message of solidarity from the United States to the world . The hunger crisis is now afflicting 1 billion people and contributing to the deaths of millions of children each year . Second , full funding of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , which is facing a critical and potentially devastating cash shortfall during 2009-11 . An incremental U.S. contribution of $ 350 million in 2009 would close the most urgent cash-flow gap and put the United States in the clear lead of protecting the Global Fund and championing the fight against the three pandemic diseases . Third , special urgent long-term financing of clean energy investments in the poor countries , especially solar , geothermal , wind and hydro , as a direct stimulus to the supplier countries  including the United States  , a development boost for the recipient countries  notably in Africa and Central Asia  and a major spur to climate control and success in negotiations this year . Fourth , accelerated distribution by the World Bank and the regional development banks of their unused financing capacities , directed at infrastructure and the Millennium Development Goals . The G-20 would commit to accelerate the replenishment of those funds on an expedited and as-needed basis . Fifth , urgently completing the pending injection of capital for regional development banks to bolster their lending and grants .  The Asian Development Bank , for example , is in the process of a recapitalization , which should be strongly supported by the United States and the rest of the G-20 . Sixth , an urgent easing of the conditions the IMF sets on its grants and loans to poor countries . This will ensure that those countries can receive and utilize greatly increased IMF financial backing to preserve trade finance and to have the room to undertake needed stimulus measures . Seventh , an explicit commitment by all parties to take the steps needed to achieve the Millennium Development Goals by 2015 , the world 's internationally agreed goals to fight extreme poverty , hunger and disease .  See http://www.milleniumpromise.org for details and ways to achieve them .  All parties should underscore their commitments to the goals , and the United States should emphasize its resolve to increase aid markedly by 2015 . G-20 actions for sustainability should include : First , a determination to "  green " the stimulus in each country and to expand the development financing for sustainable infrastructure in the developing world , including solar power and efficient water use in sub-Saharan Africa . Second , a commitment to reach a climate agreement in Copenhagen , Denmark , which will steer large-scale investments in sustainable energy , next-generation automobiles , green buildings and so forth as a key plank of global recovery . Follow-up I recommend that the United States offer to host the next G-20 meeting in September in advance of the U.N. General Assembly . China would be a logical host for the fourth G-20 meeting during early 2010 . To enhance global coverage and legitimacy , the G-20 should be enlarged to be the G-22 , to include representation of East and West Africa . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Sachs .	Jeffrey Sachs : When G-20 meets , it must do more than just financial regulation He says the world 's 3 billion poor are suffering from global economic crisis Sachs : World needs food security plan for poor nations with aid from U.S. , others He says health and clean energy should be key priorities for the G-20
CNN  -- There will be a Red Bull on the front row of the grid for Sunday 's season-opening Australian Grand Prix -- but it 's not four-time Formula One world champion Sebastian Vettel . The German will be back in 12th place after a dramatic qualifying session on Saturday in which wet weather added to the uncertainty created by the radical design changes for this year 's cars . Vettel failed to make it into Q3 for the first time since 2012 as he suffered with engine software problems , but his new teammate Daniel Ricciardo shrugged off the champion team 's preseason struggles by being second fastest behind Lewis Hamilton . Hamilton is one of the early favorites for the title , and his Mercedes team lived up to its billing as Nico Rosberg qualified third ahead of McLaren rookie Kevin Magnussen and Ferrari 's two-time world champion Fernando Alonso . "  Qualifying was a lot harder for everyone with the tricky conditions and it was a real challenge out there , " said Hamilton , who won the 32nd pole of his career to move up to sixth on the all-time list and match the British record held by Nigel Mansell . "  We were on the edge with the tires and it was difficult to know which way to go at times . It 's the first time I 've driven the car on the limit in the wet , but it felt great and I 'm so happy with the job the team has done , " added the 2008 world champion , who was also fastest in Friday 's practice sessions . Vettel , seeking a record-equaling fifth successive title , took some positives from Red Bull 's performance . "  I think we have made a big step forward with the car , but of course I 'm not happy that we did n't make it to Q3 , " he said . "  I think the car is quick , but we struggled this afternoon with driveability which , in these conditions , made it even worse . The car seems good and Daniel did a very good job to be on the front row , so congratulations to him . " The Australian has made the step up from Red Bull 's feeder team Toro Rosso to replace veteran compatriot Mark Webber . "  It was definitely a really nice first qualifying session with the team , " said Ricciardo , who had moved ahead of Rosberg to top the timesheets before Hamilton snatched back the lead with a late lap . "  I 'm happy for us to have a front row start -- it was n't looking like this a few weeks ago , so I 'm pretty pleased right now . " Magnussen outshined veteran teammate Jenson Button after the 2009 world champion failed to make it to Q3 , though he was promoted to 10th after Williams rookie Valtteri Bottas was given a five-place penalty for changing his gearbox . Alonso , the distant runner-up in last year 's championship , had the edge on his new Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen , who won the 2013 race ahead of the Spaniard with Lotus but will start 11th this time . Raikkonen spun off and damaged his front wing , but by that stage had no chance of making the final session . Toro Rosso impressed as French driver Jean-Eric Vergne qualified sixth and Russian 19-year-old Daniil Kvyat was eighth on his debut . Force India 's new signing Nico Hulkenberg confirmed his reputation as a canny wet-weather driver as the German qualified seventh , but Mexican teammate Sergio Perez was back in 16th . Former Ferrari driver Felipe Massa will start ninth in his first outing for Williams , while Bottas was relegated to 15th . It was a nightmare day at the back of the field for Lotus , who have lost not only Raikkonen but also team boss Eric Boullier to McLaren . Romain Grosjean , who was seventh overall last year , will start 21st on the grid ahead of teammate Pastor Maldonado -- who could n't even set a time after coming into Q1 late due to a power unit problem .	Lewis Hamilton will be on pole for the first race of the new Formula One season in Melbourne Mercedes driver snatches top spot from Red Bull 's new signing Daniel Ricciardo Ricciardo impresses home fans as he beats Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg to front row Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel will start 12th after engine software issues
CNN  -- A Connecticut woman attacked Monday by her friend 's pet chimpanzee was taken Thursday from a Connecticut hospital to the famed Cleveland Clinic in Ohio , a hospital spokeswoman said . She would not divulge the victim 's condition nor the reason for the move . Travis , seen here as a younger chimp , was fatally shot by police after attacking Nash , authorities say . Charla Nash , 55 , was transferred by airplane and ambulance to the clinic , where doctors in December performed the first facial transplant in the United States . The attack has raised questions about whether exotic animals should be kept as pets . Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said Wednesday that primates and crocodiles should be added to a state list of animals citizens are not allowed to own . Nash initially was taken to Stamford Hospital , where she underwent seven hours of surgery after she was attacked by the 14-year-old chimp , named Travis . Nash 's friend , Sandra Herold , 70 , had called Nash for help in getting the animal back inside her house after he used a key to escape . When Nash arrived at Herold 's Stamford home , the chimp , who has been featured in TV commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy , jumped on her and began biting and mauling her , police said . Doctors said Wednesday that Nash had received extensive injuries to her face and hands . A Stamford police officer fatally shot the nearly 200-pound chimp after the primate turned on him inside a police cruiser , police said . Herold told reporters at her home that she and the chimp slept together and that she considered him like a son .	Charla Nash , 55 , transferred from Connecticut by airplane Friend 's chimp mauled and bit her on Monday Woman received extensive injuries to face , hands , doctors have said Connecticut 's attorney general wants primates banned as pets in that state
CNN  -- For most people , Post-it Notes are disposable , ordinary office papers used for note-taking and reminders . But for 19-year-old David Alvarez of Leavenworth , Washington , they were the perfect medium for a 10-foot-tall mosaic depicting Ray Charles . David Alvarez , right , made this 10-foot-tall mosaic of Ray Charles using Post-it Notes . Using more than 2,000 of those ubiquitous brightly-colored sticky scraps , Alvarez composed a three-dimensional representation of the famous musician . The piece has just gone on display at Wenatchee Valley College in Wenatchee , Washington , where Alvarez is in his second year of studies . "  It 's something so simple . You can still see the flaps sticking out on some of them , " he said . "  Naturally the Post-it Note just sort of flaps out . " While learning new techniques in Adobe Photoshop in a class , he experimented with taking a photograph of Ray Charles and making it look like a mosaic on the computer screen . He then translated this idea into the Post-it work . He spent three months constructing the mosaic , sometimes sacrificing schoolwork for his art . At least one of his papers for his summer English courses suffered , but he persevered so that he could participate in an art show July 28 at the Stanley Civic Center in Wenatchee . Originally , the Post-it Notes stayed in this unique format only by virtue of their manufactured stickiness , which does not hold up as well as glue , Alvarez found . When he displayed his work at the show , he monitored the project for 14 hours , continuously replacing notes that were falling off . The aspiring art teacher now uses glue to hold the notes in place . For his next project , he is considering a mosaic using 4-inch x 4-inch notes , up from the 3-inch x 3-inch size used in the Ray Charles piece . "  Part of me wants to , part of me does n't , " he said . "  It was so hard to align . It took a lot of time and patience . " E-mail to a friend	David Alvarez makes mosaic with more than 2,000 Post-it Notes Mosaic on display at Wenatchee Valley College , Washington Artist wants to teach art
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A campaigner for a British grandmother on death row in Texas made a unique plea for her life Thursday -- from atop a plinth in London 's Trafalgar Square . Brian Capaloff uses his slot on the plinth in Trafalgar Square to campaign for clemency for Linda Carty . Linda Carty , 51 , recorded her message this week from the prison in Gatesville , where she is serving her sentence , as part of an effort to win clemency . Campaigners say Carty 's trial was "  catastrophically flawed " and that her court-appointed lawyer failed to take steps that could have at least spared her the death penalty . An appeal is pending in the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . "  I 'm sorry if I sound like a desperate woman , " she said on the tape . "  I am desperate . The British people may be my last hope . " A Scottish man who has taken an interest in Carty 's case played her seven-minute recording over and over for an hour while standing atop one of Trafalgar Square 's large statue bases , or plinths . He held up placards with messages from Carty and stood in front of a life-size cardboard cutout of her . Do you think the campaign will have any effect ? Send us your comments "  Please listen and tell everyone you know , " Carty said in her message . "  Please do n't let me die here . " A contest currently under way in London allows members of the public to win an hour atop the empty plinth in Trafalgar Square . Winners can do anything during their hour that they like -- perform , demonstrate , speak , or simply be silent . Brian Capaloff , 46 , who works for a local government homelessness service in Scotland , won a slot but could n't think of what he would do during his hour . He said he asked Reprieve , a British charity that he supports , whether he could do anything for them , and they suggested he focus on Carty 's case . "  I thought that was the most important thing of all -- to stop someone who is not guilty beyond a reasonable doubt , who I believe is innocent , of being executed , " Capaloff told CNN . It 's "  just an unbelievable injustice . " He said he hoped his demonstration would lead people to inquire about the case and ask their members of Parliament to do the same . "  Linda Carty 's speech to Trafalgar Square shows that she is a terrified woman , and with good reason , " said Clive Stafford Smith , director of Reprieve . "  Texas plans to kill her by lethal injection , which is a painful and lonely death . " He added : "  The British government must do everything in its power to prevent Linda 's death . " The British Foreign Office has filed two amicus briefs in Carty 's case complaining that Britain was not notified of her original arrest , said a Foreign Office spokesman , who declined to be named in line with policy . The first was in 2006 with a U.S. district court in Texas and the second was in May of this year with the federal appeals court . The Foreign Office is also in close touch with Carty and her legal representatives , the spokesman said . "  We 're continuing to provide her with consular assistance , " he said . "  We 've also made the U.S. aware of our stance  against  the death penalty . " Carty was convicted of taking part in the May 2001 murder of Joana Rodriguez , a 25-year-old Texas woman , Reprieve said . Rodriguez and her 4-day-old son were abducted by men demanding drugs and cash ; she later suffocated while her son survived . Prosecutors said Carty had hired the men to kidnap Rodriguez so she could steal her baby because , even though Carty had given birth to children in the past , she was no longer able to get pregnant , Reprieve said . Carty , who asserts her innocence , was sentenced to death in February 2002 . Reprieve said Carty 's court-appointed lawyer was incompetent . The lawyer failed to meet Carty until immediately before the trial , failed to spot flaws and inconsistencies in the prosecution 's case , failed to interview witnesses and did not look at key mitigating evidence , Reprieve said . "  My lawyer told me he was too busy to work on my case , " Carty said in her recording . Carty was born on the Caribbean island of St. Kitts to Anguillan parents and holds a British passport , Reprieve said . She worked as a primary school teacher in St. Kitts , a former British colony , until she was 23 and later moved to Texas . "  After her conviction , investigators from Reprieve visited St. Kitts and learned that Linda was still remembered as a passionate teacher who frequently held extra classes for children with special needs . She also taught at Sunday school , sang in a national youth choir and led a volunteer social-work group , " Reprieve said . "  This information would have enabled  her lawyer  to present her to the jurors as a dedicated teacher and community leader -- factors that might well have induced them to vote to spare her life . " Carty worked as a confidential informant for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency during the 1980s , befriending suspected traffickers to get information and sometimes to make test purchases of drugs , Reprieve said . Carty believes that she was framed because of her work with the agency , Reprieve said . Lawyers for Carty have lodged an appeal with the appeals court court in New Orleans , Louisiana , Reprieve said . If the court rejects her appeal , an execution date will be set , the charity said . Capaloff said he had a lump in his throat when he arrived at Trafalgar Square for his demonstration . "  This is about someone 's life and there 's nothing more important than that , " he told CNN . "  It is an emotional thing . " Only three of Trafalgar Square 's four plinths have statues on top . The fourth plinth never had a statue and has stood empty for years , with specially commissioned artworks occasionally being featured on top . This year , sculptor Antony Gormley came up with the idea to have people stand atop the plinth as a sort of living monument . Thousands applied for the chance to occupy the plinth . The project runs 24 hours a day . It began in July and is set to end in October .	Campaigner for Briton on death row in Texas pleads for her life in London Linda Carty , 51 , recorded a message this week from prison A man stood on plinth in Trafalgar Square and played Carty 's message aloud Carty is accused of taking part in 2001 murder of a 25-year-old Texas woman
CNN  -- Everything you thought you knew about Rosie Perez as the feisty and candid Puerto Rican actress will quickly dissipate after reading her recently released memoir "  Handbook for an Unpredictable Life : How I Survived Sister Renata and My Crazy Mother , and Still Came Out Smiling  With Great Hair  . " "  People make me out to be this super strong woman , but I have my tough days just like anyone else , " Perez said in an interview with CNN . She opened up about surviving physical , mental and sexual abuse , how she successfully navigated the entertainment industry without sacrificing herself and finally reached a place of compassion toward her abusers . Here are nine things you might not know about the actress . 1 . Rosie Perez was n't raised by her parents Her parents , Lydia Perez and Ismael Serrano , were both married to others when they met . Her father later told Rosie he could n't help himself : He was drawn to her mother . "  It was n't clear if  Lydia  knew that Ismael was married or not . He never really kept it a secret , but then again , he was n't the first to volunteer that information either , " Perez wrote . Perez was raised primarily in a Catholic children 's home in New York , with regular visits to her mother and aunt . Her father tried to get custody of Perez while she was in the home , but was not successful . Her paternal aunt , Ana Dominga Otero Serrano-Roque , loved Perez unconditionally . "  I did n't include this in the book but once , when work was slow and money was tight , my aunt cut up some Slim Jim 's -- she worked at the factory in Brooklyn -- and put it in the rice as meat for dinner . We looked at each other and I could tell she was embarrassed but just then she said , ` He , he , he ' and we started laughing so hard , " Perez told CNN . "  That same day , one of the neighbors came over to eat , as they often did , and she cut that portion in half and gave it to them . As you kid , you watch it , nothing has to be said . Her actions spoke volumes , " Perez added . When she was older , Perez was invited to visit her mother in Brooklyn , but says she was always treated like "  the other . " Perez 's hair , weight and resemblance to her father made her a target for teasing . 2 . Perez earned an Oscar and Golden Globe nomination for her role in "  Fearless " The Brooklyn-native is perhaps best known for her role in Spike Lee 's "  Do The Right Thing " or starring alongside Woody Harrelson and Wesley Snipes in "  White Men Ca n't Jump . " But few are aware of her two nominations for best supporting actress as plane crash survivor Carla Rodrigo in "  Fearless . " "  I knew deep inside that I could play this part with ease . I understood loss , depression , betrayal and how to pull yourself back together , " Perez wrote of her character , who struggles with survivor 's guilt but finds solace with another survivor Max , played by Jeff Bridges . After landing the part , she tried to quit , scared to explore the character 's vulnerability . But when director Peter Weir tapped into her issues with success , she realized she felt guilty about making it out of the ward of the state system . She ended up living with her aunt instead of her mother and reconnected with her father . Weir insisted on not hiring anyone else and reassured her it was going to be great . 3 . Perez is a three-time Emmy-nominated choreographer Perez became a choreographer almost overnight after being offered a gig by A&R executive Louil Silas Jr. to teach his then-new artist , Bobby Brown , hip-hop moves for music videos "  Do n't Be Cruel " and "  My Prerogative . " That led to working with Diana Ross , Heavy D & The Boyz and LL Cool J. Those skills caught the eye of Keenen Ivory Wayans , who helped her land a gig as the choreographer for the Fly Girls on "  In Living Color . " That 's where she was nominated for her first Emmy for choreography . She later earned two more Emmy nominations . 4 . Perez was discovered by "  Soul Train " and Spike Lee while dancing in clubs She got her start dancing after being spotted dancing at clubs in Los Angeles and was asked to go on "  Soul Train . " But the show 's creator and host Don Cornelius was critical of her moves and her looks . "  Don Cornelius gave me an incredulous look regarding my accent . I lessened it ; he gave a nod of approval , " Perez wrote in her memoir . "  Instantly , I felt ashamed . I had made my first conscious effort not to sound ethnic . " Cornelius also wanted her to dance more like a "  sexy vixen , " drop her hip-hop moves and dress in "  tight-ass minis and high heels . " But one day , their disagreement got physical and Perez stormed out of "  Soul Train , " but not before she threw a chicken wing at his head . Years later , the two made amends . It was not the first time she would be discovered out of confrontation . Before leaving Los Angeles , she went out dancing at the same club Spike Lee was having a "  butt contest to see which black chick had the biggest ass " to promote his movie "  School Daze . " Disgusted by the contest , Perez decided to make a mockery of it . "  I jumped on the stage ... and bent over shaking my ass ... bouncers came over with this little skinny guy and told me to get down . My bravado vanished , " Perez wrote . That skinny guy turned out to be Spike Lee . The director was amused with Perez , introduced himself , and days later , he asked her to audition for "  Do the Right Thing . " 5 . Her father had a panic attack in the movie theater when he saw her nude scene in "  Do the Right Thing " When Perez 's first movie came out , her father invited everyone from Aguadilla , Puerto Rico -- including the family pastor -- to watch . She did n't prepare her dad for her nude scene . It shocked him so much that he was rushed to the hospital with what he thought was a heart attack . "  When the ice cube scene came on , my father gasped , jumped up , grabbed his heart and fell out cold -- no lie ! He was taken away in an ambulance . I felt horrible . I flew down immediately , " she wrote . But that did n't stop her father from milking it as he asked Perez to "  do it with class " next time and let him know if she was doing an "  artistic film . " 6 . She almost did n't get the part in "  White Men Ca n't Jump , " because the studio had an issue with her ethnicity "  I went through several more callbacks . The studio , as I was told , had a problem that I was Puerto Rican ; they were worried about the interracial aspect , " Perez wrote . But Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson fought to get her the part . She wrote that she was "  grateful that they put themselves out there like that , " because "  that 's the only way things change -- when everyone joins the fight and you 're not the only one rushing up the hill . " As Snipes predicted , the movie was a huge hit , which opened doors for Perez . Roles offered to her thereafter were less stereotypical . 7 . Perez refused to take on stereotypical Latina roles People told Perez to be quiet and stop pointing fingers at people that were going to give her a job because she would risk hurting her career . But she refused . "  Hollywood 's racist . I knew something else would come along that I was OK with . Sometimes you pay a price by not working as much , but I felt good about myself in the morning , " Perez told CNN . Perez measured her success in terms of stability , happiness and having a real life -- even if that did n't mean gobs of money and fame . 8 . Perez was mentally , physically and sexually abused for much of her childhood and diagnosed with PTSD Perez , along with other children at the group home where she was raised , were often subjected to the nuns ' cruelty . She was also severely abused by her mother , who was mentally ill , she wrote . In her memoir , Perez also writes for the first time that her half-brother sexually assaulted her twice during her childhood while she visited her mother 's house . When she told her mother , Perez writes that she was smacked and punished for lying . Nobody was prosecuted in the case , Perez said in an interview . She said she hopes her siblings are getting help to break the cycle of abuse , she said , because they were all victims . Indeed , it was n't until she was an adult that she went to therapy . "  If someone was to punch you in the face for 18 years of your life , would n't you go to the hospital to get it treated ? It 's the same thing when it comes to mental and physical abuse as well , " Rosie said to CNN . While not unique to Latinos , Rosie also said there 's certainly a stigma in Latino culture about mental health . "  I 've heard racist remarks that refer to getting psychotherapy help as ` being white , ' " Perez said . "  We  Latinos  are selling ourselves short . Like my therapist said , ` If you 're diabetic , you take insulin . ' Therapy is not a ` white thing . ' It 's a clinical thing . " 9 . She was raised Catholic , but she does n't know if she believes in God One nun , referred to as Grace in the memoir -- her name was changed to protect her privacy -- was the only person Perez trusted other than her aunt . The nun said something to her that became a turning point in Perez 's life . "  I do n't know if I believe in God but I believe in something , and she was a definite gift from that something . I needed someone to grab my hand , look me dead in the eye and say , ` This is what you have to do to survive this and you can do it . ' She meant everything to me and still does . I still think about her till this very day , " Perez said .	Rosie Perez recently published a new memoir , "  Handbook for an Unpredictable Life " Perez describes how she survived physical , mental and sexual abuse Perez is known to be feisty and candid , and she reveals her backstory
CNN  -- The last couple of weeks have been busy ones for news about Facebook . "  The Social Network " movie hit theaters , CEO Mark Zuckerberg donated $ 100 million on Oprah and , if rumors are correct , the world 's biggest social-networking site will be partnering with online phone service Skype to help you chat with your Facebook friends through the site . According to All Things D 's Kara Swisher , Facebook and Skype are about to announce a partnership that includes "  integration of SMS , voice chat and Facebook Connect . " It 's not clear exactly what this deal would entail , but possibilities include Facebook Chat over a browser to cell phones , and video chat among Facebook friends . The question is : Do people actually want to interact with their Facebook friends on a more intimate level ? According to Facebook , the average user has 130 friends . But these connections likely include your ex-boyfriends or ex-girlfriends , casual acquaintances and maybe even that weird person who sat behind you in seventh-grade biology -- in other words , not necessarily people you 'll want to chat with on the phone . Skype already has a huge following , but a connection to a 500-million-member social network would n't hurt . Skype 's appeal overseas also would make Facebook much more attractive abroad . But to truly succeed , the partnership will have to go beyond voice chat , because people already can use Skype to talk to people they really care about .	A rumored deal would enable Skype calling between Facebook friends Skype 's following is already huge , but a connection to Facebook would n't hurt Users would also be able to use Facebook Chat over a browser to cell phones
Gaza City  CNN  -- It hits you just a few steps past the Hamas checkpoint , at the sounds and sight of a mule-pulled cart passing by : To enter Gaza is to step back in time . Also front and center : the question of whether hate will ever give way to peace . In the city square , there 's a giant billboard celebrating the Hamas militant wing that carries out attacks in Israel . Nearby , posters paying tribute to men Hamas calls "  martyrs " but who by most any other definition would be called terrorists . Obama : ` Peace is possible , ' but see the world as Palestinians do Opinion : Obama goes over Netanyahu 's head to the Israeli people Poverty is everywhere , as is rundown housing . Seeing the mules and horses pulling carts side by side on roads with mostly beat-up cars is a back to the future experience . Yet step behind one factory gate and you come to the realization Gaza does n't have to be so bleak . The Pepsi bottling franchise has been in Gaza nearly 50 years , founded by Hammam al Yazji 's grandfather . It bottles 7Up , Pepsi , and , on this day , an orange soda popular in the Arab world , Mirinda . After blocks and blocks of blight , watching the bottling line is an impressive sight . But it is also evidence of the price Gaza pays for Israel 's anger at Hamas . Al Yazji does n't like getting caught up in the political debates . But he does note that men with jobs are less likely to get caught up in violence and terror . In its heyday , the factory had 600 workers . Now there are about 300 , many of them working only part time . "  We 've actually got five lines and used to have three shifts a day , " al Yazji told CNN during a factory tour this week . "  Now we 've got only one shift like three days a week . " Production is down because the plant can no longer ship products to and through Israel . And costs are up because of the same economic isolation : The factory used to send a tanker truck to the Israeli border to buy cO2 that is critical to soda production . Now it pays five times as much for gas smuggled into Gaza from Egypt . Al Yazji blames Israel . "  They just want to control Gaza , " he said . "  They want to control people . They want to control the economy . They want to control everything . " Welcome to the great Palestinian divide . President Barack Obama took note of this Thursday , while in Ramallah to meet with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Abbas and the Fatah movement he leads run the West Bank ; Gaza is run by Hamas . Obama paid tribute to the stronger economy in the West Bank and said it "  stands in stark contrast to the misery and depression so many Palestinians continue to confront in Gaza . " Ramallah is hardly a boomtown , but it is a galaxy apart from Gaza . Walking through Ramallah and Gaza , political differences become real The outdoor produce market is busy , coffee shops are packed with students and young professionals , luxury cars are not uncommon , and ATMs from nine Arab banks sit side by side to compete for business at the entrance to a Ramallah shopping mall . Sam Bahour is a businessman and consultant who helped build the mall . Sure , he says , Ramallah is better than Gaza . But he said that is far from good enough . And like al Yazji in Gaza , Bahour blames Israel . "  Israel has now had the leisure to pick and choose how much restriction it puts on the various Palestinian areas , " Bahour said . "  But that does n't mean Ramallah is n't under military occupation . We very much are in a cage , and around this cage is either Israeli settlements or military checkpoints . " Palestinians see Israeli ` growth ' as roadblock Bahour lives in Ramallah but was raised in Youngstown , Ohio . He is an American citizen who twice cast an absentee ballot for Obama , but he believes the presidential visit here now is a mistake . Opinion : Obama 's Israel trip is about legacy "  Coming and going without bringing any kind of political movement is emboldening Israel , " he said . "  And emboldening Israel with this new right wing government means more settlements , means more potential collapse for Palestinian society . " Back in Gaza , Khre Ajjor prefers not to talk politics , but says he wishes the economics of peace would take hold . Ajjor owns a furniture factory within eyeshot of the Gaza-Israel border and can point out the gate through which not too long ago his products were shipped to Israel . Now Israel wo n't allow it and the border industrial park is a wasteland . Once home to about 100 factories and warehouses , locals say it now just has five in daily operation . To pass through is to see mostly abandoned or shuttered buildings in a bleak no-man 's land under the watchful gaze of Israeli surveillance balloons . Ajjor once operated in three buildings ; he rents two now to the United Nations . Ask Ajjor if he blames Israel , and he notes that he speaks fluent Hebrew , and shows CNN company stationery in Hebrew , to make it easier to do business with his former Israeli customers . Sure , he says Israel shares responsibility . But he says Hamas does , too . And the Palestinian Authority . He had 150 workers before Hamas came to power in Gaza ; just 20 now . The price , he says , of mistrust and hate .	Gaza , a Palestinian territory , is controlled by Hamas The West Bank , another Palestinian territory , is controlled by the Fatah movement Ramallah in the West Bank is hardly boomtown , but it is a galaxy apart from Gaza President Obama paid tribute Thursday to the West Bank 's stronger economy
CNN  -- In his time as a New York City police officer , Stephen Spiro says that it only happened to him once . Typically , the people he arrested wanted nothing to do with him . But then , few things about the case of Mark David Chapman were typical . Chapman , the man convicted of killing former Beatle John Lennon , wrote Spiro , his arresting officer , four letters . In the letters , Chapman repeatedly tells Spiro to read "  The Catcher in the Rye , " saying the book would explain much of what happened the night of the murder , December 8 , 1980 . He expresses an ease with the officer , saying he hoped they could be friends , that he thought Spiro was a great policeman , and that he had felt close to him ever since his arrest . Chillingly , Chapman also wrote that others "  could -- and would -- have served the same purpose " as Lennon . The four letters are expected to go on sale Monday on the Moments in Time website , which sells rare autographs and historical documents . Spiro says they represent the only time someone he arrested wrote him letters . "  They 've been in my possession for 30 years , and I 'm 66 years old , and I 'm saying , you know , what am I going to do with these things ? So I figured I 'd sell them , " he told CNN . The letters run from January to May 1983 . Each one is typed and includes Chapman 's signature . Spiro says he wrote a few letters in return , but Chapman "  cut it off after a while . " The two men spent several hours together immediately after Chapman 's arrest . He trusted Spiro . Chapman , who was denied parole for the seventh time in August , is serving a sentence of 20 years to life . The letters will be on sale for $ 75,000 , said Gary Zimet , who runs the Moments in Time site . The site is also selling a "  Double Fantasy " record album , which Lennon signed for Chapman before his murder , for $ 650,000 . Spiro said that he plans to donate some of the money he makes to a local shelter for battered women . Here are excerpts from Chapman 's letters : January 15 , 1983 " ... I am glad that we can keep in touch . I 'll not forget the first time we met ... "  Besides wanting to be your friend , there are two reasons for this first letter . First , is there any way that you can help me locate my copy of The Catcher in the Rye that was taken from me on the night of my arrest ? Second , in the patrol car on the way to the stationhouse , I remember you telling your partner -- very excitedly -- that you KNEW something big was going to happen to you on that evening . Do you remember this ? I would like you to tell me more of this if possible . "  Steven , have you read The Catcher in the Rye yet ? I would like you to read it and tell me what you think of it . As you remember , in the copy that was taken from me I had written ` This is my statement ' . I am wondering if you now understand this . "  Write soon . Let me know how you 're doing . As I 've said before , you 're probably still the ` best damn cop in New York City ' . " January 28 , 1983 " ... The reason I wanted to write was from the time of my arrest I have felt close to you ... "  To answer your question of what was meant by ` This is my statement ' , the only way I can explain is this way : do you remember the young woman in Saigon during the Vietnam war that immolated herself ? ... She believed so strongly in her purpose that she chose to end her life rather than to continue living in this phony world ... "  The Cather in the Rye is my statement . The book in incredible ... "  We were all part of something big , Steve . Something phenomenal . It is all going to come out . " March 10 , 1983 " ... You mentioned your family . Tell me about your children . How about a photo , too ? "  Have you read The Catcher in the Rye yet ? I know this will help you to further understand ... "  I will let you decide whether Mr. Lennon was a phony or not . His words shoot his life-purpose full of holes . If you dig deep -- and not idolize -- it is all there . Yes , Lennon was a phony of highest degree but there were others who could -- and would -- have served the same purpose . I believe the DA has these names . " May 31 , 1983 "  Read The Catcher in the Rye . "  Sincerely , Mark David Chapman . " CNN 's Adam Reiss reported from New York and CNN 's Dana Ford from Atlanta . CNN 's Ross Levitt also contributed to this report .	Mark David Chapman wrote letters to the New York City police officer who arrested him He repeatedly tells the officer to read the book , "  The Catcher in the Rye " Chapman says others "  could -- and would -- have served the same purpose " as John Lennon He killed Lennon in 1980 and is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison
CNN  -- David Cronenberg 's follow-up to 2007 's "  Eastern Promises " is an engrossing and brilliantly acted adaptation of Christopher Hampton 's play "  The Talking Cure "  itself based on John Kerr 's book "  A Most Dangerous Method "  . It 's centered around the real-life trio of psychiatrists Sigmund Freud  Viggo Mortensen  , Carl Jung  Michael Fassbender  and Sabina Spielrein  Keira Knightley  , a woman who is at first a patient and later a pioneer in psychoanalysis , herself . Lacking any of the dark or macabre trappings of many of Cronenberg 's previous films  "  Crash , " "  Dead Ringers "  , "  Method " is instead a romantic , bittersweet and ultimately tragic character-driven film , focusing on the deep friendship between Freud and Jung , as well as both men 's relationship with Spielrein . Our first sight of Spielrein is her being dragged , literally kicking and screaming , out of a carriage and into the Burgholzli mental hospital in Zurich in 1904 . She was what used to be called a hysteric . A non-specific condition attributed almost exclusively to women and based at least in part on the Greek word for womb  hystera  , it is a diagnosis no longer made , due in part to the work that Freud and Jung did with Spielrein . Around this time , Jung was experimenting with a radical new method of treatment for mental illness that Freud had developed , the "  talking cure , " which we now refer to as psychoanalysis . A young , educated and extremely intelligent woman , Spielrein was the ideal patient for Jung to work with and he was soon getting results . With a goal towards becoming a doctor , Spielrein is amazed at and relieved by the effect Jung 's treatment has on her behavior and is intrigued by his methods , even going so far as to basically assist with her own treatment . Spielrein is clearly a hyper-intelligent young woman , and watching Knightley cycle through shame , anger , revelation , arousal and , ultimately , relief is a pleasure . Spielrein 's collection of tics , shrieks , shudders and fears slowly gives way to a modicum of calm as her treatment progresses and we see the brilliant and curious woman beneath . Most of those who have used phrases like "  over the top " to describe Knightley 's performance have clearly misunderstood the meaning of the word "  hysterical . " It is actually one of the most controlled performances I 've seen this year . Spielrein had endured a childhood rife with corporal punishment and humiliation at the hands of her father , and when Jung discovers a sexual element to her condition  she actually liked the spankings she received but was overcome by shame  , it was clear to him that he had a case that confirmed Freud 's theory of an underlying sexual connection to emotional disorders . Thus begins a correspondence and eventually a strong friendship between the two psychiatrists . Fassbender , an actor who is undoubtedly on the cusp of superstardom , delivers a performance as equally brilliant as Knightley , but his is almost entirely internal . Jung hides his thoughts behind a psychiatrist 's generally impassive veneer , and thus Fassbender 's eventually heartbreaking work on screen is largely one of subtlety . When his relationship with Spielrein veers from the professional to the personal , however , his calm exterior begins to crack . Jung 's psychiatric discoveries are framed by the growing relationship between himself and Freud as the two men correspond about Sabina 's treatments and other theories . Mortensen 's Freud is the elder statesman , arrogant at times but clearly happy to have an acolyte of such high intellectual ability , and Jung is grateful for the attention of the eminent doctor Freud . Complicating things is Jung 's wealthy wife , and the disparity of economic means between the two men is occasionally a bone of contention including the instance of a trip to the United States where Jung 's wife books him a first class stateroom while Freud and his assistant are in lowlier accommodations . A bit of an ego blow to the man who invented the concept and their relationship continues to suffer . The methods and theories that Freud had been advancing were strange and uncomfortable to the psychiatric community , not to mention the general public and having Jung as a comrade in arms gave Freud intellectual protection when the two functioned as a united front . However , once Jung began to feel more assured in his own theories and ideas  including some that could be considered verging on the paranormal  Freud started to resent the younger man 's advances in the field , not to mention having no respect for Jung 's more esoteric research . The other key to the collapse of their professional and personal relationship is Jung 's sexual relationship with Spielrein . It is a serious breach of ethics , a betrayal of his wife and , when Jung denies it in a letter to Freud , a stain on his integrity . "  A Dangerous Method " is another example of how many true-life stories are out there that can be made into compelling and moving cinema . It is a historical drama , a bittersweet romance and the story of a professional friendship-cum-rivalry that gave birth to arguably the greatest advance in the history of mental health . Cronenberg is a master director at the top of his game , and "  A Dangerous Method " is a film where the beauty is in the performances , language and ideas . Reviewed at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival , "  A Dangerous Method " is rated R and contains some less-than-vanilla sexual imagery and situations .	Watching Keira Knightley cycle through shame , anger , arousal and relief is a pleasure Michael Fassbender 's eventually heartbreaking work is largely one of subtlety It 's an historical drama , a romance and the story of a professional friendship
CNN  -- They carry a bag for a living but these men can bring home six-figure incomes . They often spend more time with their bosses than their wives , and their working "  marriages " can end in a messy divorce . Welcome to the world of a caddy -- the golf world 's unsung heroes . At the top of the pile is Steve Williams , arguably the one superstar caddy in global golf , a bag man who has earned well in excess of most professionals thanks predominantly to his past partnership with Tiger Woods . His wealth is estimated at $ 20 million and he was once New Zealand 's highest-paid sportsman . It has been enough to pursue his other , admittedly expensive , sporting passion of saloon-car racing with his own team , appropriately titled Caddyshack . He also founded his own racing series , which he funds , and does about 25 events a year . But how has he merited such big bucks ? Well , 36 years into his career he has overseen 150 tournament wins -- more than any other caddy in golf history . Now working for defending Masters champion Adam Scott , Williams argues that key to his job is the ability to understand people . "  You can teach someone to do the yardage and read the course but being a good caddy , it 's not easy to explain , " says the 50-year-old , who previously worked for major champions Greg Norman and Ray Floyd . "  It 's almost like you have to stand in a player 's shoes , see what they 're seeing and feel what they 're feeling , to be them . " Before Williams , caddies were very much behind the scenes -- but no longer . When with Woods , he described his arch rival Phil Mickelson as a "  pr *** " and he was castigated for a racist barb against his former employer some time after the 14-time major champion had fired him . And then there was his over-the-top celebration and interview when Scott won the pair 's first tournament together . Other caddies have been the subject of controversy too . En route to Matt Every 's victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational last weekend -- where Scott and Williams blew a winning position on the final day -- the American 's caddy Derek Mason was caught on camera shouting "  f *** ing lay-up " after a particular shot . Williams clams up when asked about his relationship with Woods but he will always be known for his time with the world No. 1 -- hardly surprising given the American won 13 of his 14 major wins with the Kiwi in tow . "  You almost have to teach yourself the psychology side of things , " explains Williams , who is extremely affable in conversation . "  I think I 'm a good reader of people -- you have to be able to observe people over a long period of time . "  You need to see how they cope under pressure and you have to see them at both their best and worst to see how they tick . " In caddying terms , Williams is something of an anomaly . Most admit to stumbling into the job , but for Williams it was different . While friends at his stunning local course -- Paraparaumu Beach Golf Club -- dreamed of being the next Peter Thompson , the five-time British Open winner from Australia , the teenage Williams merely wanted to caddy for him ... and got his chance , the first time he ever carried the bag . Now , with potential retirement looming , Williams plans to either give up altogether at the end of this season or else do the job part-time so he can spend more time with his eight-year-old son in New Zealand . "  You have to keep your enthusiasm and find ways to keep refreshed . You can get that by changing jobs or in one job by changing your goals , " he says . "  I 've been lucky that I 've caddied for players that have n't played loads of tournaments in each year . "  And it 's been interesting working with different players . I think it takes six to 12 months to adapt properly to a player , to learn their idiosyncrasies . "  It just does n't happen overnight but , if you do it properly , that 's when you can help best when the chips are down . And the other trick is that you 're always trying to improve . " Terry Mundy may not have enjoyed the riches of Williams as a caddy but , having worked for former women 's world No. 1 Laura Davies and with his current partnership with 2012 European Ryder Cup hero Ian Poulter , he has enjoyed the job 's trappings . He has also experienced the lot of many caddies scraping around to make ends meet on the global circuit . "  I remember it used to be four of us to a room sometimes sharing two towels or whatever , " he says . "  It 's tough . You go to those flyaway tournaments and you 're easily spending $ 1,000 on a flight and then there 's the hotel . If your player misses the cut , you 're out of pocket for that week . That can be tough but I 'm lucky with Ian . " The Briton 's foray into the role was somewhat fortuitous . Drinking in his local pub by Woburn golf course one day , he was asked to stand in for a sick caddy . The round went well and he was invited back . Not long afterwards he was offered voluntary redundancy in his printing industry job and he took the plunge to become a caddy full-time . "  It 's a lot better but it 's still not quite where it should be , " says Mundy . "  At many of the American courses you get treated fantastically well but at others it 's a case of ` what are you doing here ? ' and you 're made to feel like you 're getting in the way . "  It 's odd as you 'll get some caddies turning up in $ 80,000 to $ 100,000 cars and yet they 're treated like idiots . " As for the trick to be a good caddy , Mundy argues he has to play many different roles . "  A caddy 's a little bit of everything : you can be a coach , a psychologist , you 're there to keep the good rounds going and to turn the bad ones around , you 're there to offer advice , be a friend , a bit of everything . But at the end of the day I ca n't make him play . " One key piece of caddy advice is not to fall out with your boss , which is understandable given Mundy says "  we spend more time together than we do with our wives probably . " Chris Harmston is slightly lower down the caddying rung than Williams and Mundy in the relative infancy of his bag career , which began when his once promising playing days were curtailed by back and wrist injuries . He caddies for Englishman Ross Fisher , for whom he was the best man at his wedding . It is a fledgling partnership in its second full season that is clearly working , the pair having celebrated victory at the European Tour 's Tshwane Open in South Africa this month . "  After Ross ' win the other day , I heard him say that ` no one knows my game better than Chris , ' and he 's probably right as we 've played for so long together , " says Harmston . "  As friends , it makes it even more special to win together . "  With Ross , I like to take a step back and think what 's the worst can happen in a situation and , if I have something to say , Ross will listen . "  He knows at the end of the day I 'm there to help and he 's in charge so , if he does n't like the decision , he wo n't listen to it . "  But there 's the balance of knowing when to shut up and also knowing when to take a player 's mind off things -- just to talk about anything , really , as you 're going around . There 's an element of being an amateur psychologist to it . " Caddies are , in essence , the ultimate multitaskers -- but with a shelf life , very much at the whim of the players they work for . "  Often if a player is in a slump , they think the answer is to switch caddies , " says Mundy . "  That 's not usually the answer . "  You look at a lot of the top guys , like Phil Mickelson with his caddy Bones . Those players are pretty honest guys and they stick with their caddies , and usually see the benefits . "  The best players tend to have the longer caddy relationships . " It 's those guys that are worth their weight in gold .	Steve Williams , former caddy of Tiger Woods , reveals secrets of being a great golfing bag man Williams has helped win 150 tournaments , but retirement looms this year Ian Poulter 's bag man Terry Mundy only became a caddy after a conversation in a pub Mundy says caddies can still sometimes be treated like second-class citizens at events
CNN  -- Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych would sign a law that would allow imprisoned opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko to leave the country for medical treatment if Parliament passes such a measure , he said Thursday . The comment on the president 's official website confirmed a second-hand account of his position given earlier by Tymoshenko 's spokeswoman , Natalia Lysova , who said the president is ready to let the jailed former prime minister to go abroad for medical treatment . In separate remarks to reporters in the eastern city of Svetlodarsk in the Donetsk region , Yanukovych added that Parliament is preparing a law to help Tymoshenko 's medical situation . Once there is legislation , "  most likely , it will be a court that will take a decision about an exit procedure , about maintaining some guarantees , " Yanukovich said . Media reports have said Tymoshenko has suffered serious back pain while in prison . Her daughter , Yevgenia , said that her mother would like "  to travel to Germany or to a place outside of Ukraine where she can be medically treated . " Yevgenia Tymoshenko said that she expects her mother 's release to take place before November 20 . "  It was very hard for her to make this decision  to leave  . So she made this decision , and now of course we are waiting , and our European friends are waiting for the decision from the president , " the daughter said . "  To make this decision for him is also very easy and it would have been very fast if he used his right for a pardoning decree . " Ukraine : Caught between East and West Two years ago , Tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison after being convicted of abuse of authority over a natural gas deal negotiated with Russia in 2009 . The United States and Europe see the punishment as politically motivated . In 2012 , after Tymoshenko was allegedly beaten unconscious by guards , she went on a hunger strike to draw attention to "  violence and lack of rights " in her country . Opinion : Tymoshenko could become Europe 's Suu Kyi Back in April , the European Court of Human Rights found that Tymoshenko suffered arbitrary detention in 2011 , violating multiple articles of the European Convention on Human Rights . The outspoken Tymoshenko , famous for her blond braid , was a heroine of Ukraine 's 2004 Orange Revolution . That wave of peaceful protest swept her and Viktor Yushchenko , Yanukovych 's chief rival , into power , but the promise of the revolution is seen as having soon turned sour . Yanukovych beat Tymoshenko in the country 's 2010 presidential contest . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : President says he would sign a law allowing Tymoshenko to leave for care NEW : Ukraine 's Parliament is now preparing such a law , president says NEW : Courts would need to set up an exit procedure NEW : Tymoshenko would like to go to Germany before November 20 , daughter says
New York  CNN  -- Legendary restaurateur Sylvia Woods , known internationally as the "  Queen of Soul Food , " died Thursday , according to a statement issued by her family . She was 86 . "  Sylvia gallantly battled Alzheimer 's for the past several years , but never once lost her loving smile , " her family said . She died peacefully , surrounded by loved ones at her Westchester home . Woods ' world-renowned Harlem establishment , Sylvia 's , has drawn celebrities , politicians , tourists and locals alike to enjoy its famed soul food for more than 50 years . Woods and her husband , Herbert , opened the Lenox Avenue restaurant in 1962 , featuring Southern cooking staples like cornbread , collard greens and fried chicken . "  We lost a legend today , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a statement . "  For more than 50 years , New Yorkers have enjoyed Sylvia 's and visitors have flocked to Harlem to get a table . In her words , the food was made with ' a whole lot of love ' and generations of family and friends have come together at what became a New York institution . " Following the success of her restaurant , Woods and her family developed Sylvia 's Catering Corp. and a nationwide line of Sylvia 's Food Products . Woods also penned two celebrated cookbooks , "  Sylvia 's Family Soul Food Cookbook : From Hemingway , South Carolina , To Harlem " and "  Sylvia 's Soul Food . " Woods announced her retirement from her soul food empire on her 80th birthday , her family said , passing the torch to her children and grandchildren . New research offers tips for Alzheimer 's caregivers	Woods ' internationally known restaurant has drawn customers from all walks of life Sylvia 's restaurant opened on Lenox Avenue in 1962 "  We lost a legend today , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says in a statement Woods ' success led to the launch of a catering company and national food products line
CNN  -- Welcome to the new cool . The dreadlocks . The headphones . The beats . The fist-bumping . Forget pumped up , chiseled athletes focused on nothing more than winning . If snowboarders were the Olympics ' introduction to a younger , hipper , "  slacker " generation of competitors , the next wave of adrenaline junkies has taken it back to the new old school . "  It 's like playing , " Jamie Anderson said after winning gold in inaugural women 's slopestyle snowboarding event in Sochi . "  We 're pretty much snowboarding on a playground up there . " Slopestyle , which also has a ski discipline , is one of 12 new categories at 2014 Winter Games -- eight of which have their origins in extreme sports . It 's part of the International Olympic Committee 's bid to attract younger audiences , a mission shared by its broadcast and advertising partners . Short-track speed skating was added in 1992 , and snowboarding came six years later . But forget the idea of 10,000 hours of repetitive practice -- as Anderson says , these new sports are all about playing . All playgrounds have their own vocabulary , and expressions like "  stoked , " "  corked " and "  stalefish " are rapidly becoming part of the sporting lexicon . As is the idea of fun , which the winner of the men 's slopestyle skiing event , Anderson 's fellow American Joss Christensen , was keen to reference . "  I did n't try to put any more pressure on myself , I just tried to ski a normal contest and just do my best and have fun with it . I thought it worked out , " said the 22-year-old in trademark understatement . His comments underplayed the reality that the U.S. team annihilated the competition , claiming all three men 's medals to end Canada 's monopoly of freestyle golds at these Games . Christensen had never won a major competition , and only qualified for the Olympics two weeks ago . "  I am shocked , " he conceded . "  I am stoked to be up here with my friends . America , we did it . " With Gus Kenworthy and Nick Goepper winning silver and bronze , it was a historic moment -- the U.S. had previously achieved such a clean sweep of medals on just two occasions : the 2002 men 's halfpipe snowboard competition , and the 1956 men 's individual figure skating singles . But there was a serious undertone for Christensen , who has been mourning the loss of his father last year . "  I hope I made my father proud , " he said . "  Through all the injuries I 've had , he 's always supported me and never said stop . I hope he 's looking down and smiling . Did it for him . " As part of the slopestyle "  playground " there is a "  kiss and cry " area , where the competitors wait to see their results . Not that there was any signs of tears at the Rosa Khutor Extreme Park on Thursday . All the competitors look relaxed as if they were hanging out with their friends on the slopes of their backyard ski resort -- which is not so far-fetched , given they train together and meet at events several times a month . The glory and seriousness of the Olympics seems something of a culture shock to these new Olympians . Their main event , the X Games , is all about showing off new tricks in fairly relaxed , showbiz atmosphere . And it 's not just spectators and television viewers who have been impressed by their performances . "  It looks very spectacular , " IOC president Thomas Bach told reporters after Christensen 's win . "  I just met the three medalists and they are cool guys . " "  They found it  the competition  cool and now they wait for the party . When you win you have the party . " Perhaps the Winter Olympics ' new breed is best encapsulated by Henrik Harlaut . The 22-year-old Swede might not have made it up on the podium , but he definitely garnered plenty of attention with his very , very low-cut pants -- which , by the end of his run , revealed much of his colorful underwear . Along with the incredible tricks , style is a big part of these competitions . "  I do n't think skiing with my ski pants so low is an issue , " Harlaut insisted . "  I have been skiing like this for 10 years now . It is my style and has been for a while . I feel really comfortable . " Not everyone has been impressed by the tricks and a more relaxed of sporting competition "  I think the president of the IOC should be Johnny Knoxville , because basically , this stuff is just ` Jackass ' stuff that they invented and called Olympic sports , " commentator Bob Costas said on NBC said before the Games began , referring to the comedic daredevil who was known for crashing into things . That 's not a view shared by the U.S. Olympic Committee , which has specifically targeted invested in these new sports , primarily because they deliver medals for America . "  We 've been able to really customize and drill down where we can have the greatest impact , " Alan Ashley , the USOC 's chief of sport performance , told the Washington Post . "  I 'd like to try to get as many athletes as possible opportunities to become Olympians , then become successful Olympians as well . " So behind the cool exterior , there is some bottom-line accounting going on .	Eight of the 12 new events at the Sochi Olympics have their origins in extreme sports Incredible tricks , style and a relaxed atmosphere are a big part of these competitions But the seriousness of the Games seems a culture shock to these new Olympians
News articles , social media posts and images about Hong Kong 's pro-democracy protests are being heavily censored behind China notorious firewall . Chinese state-run news outlets have largely ignored the pro-democracy protests except for the same Xinhua story in which the Hong Kong chief executive CY Leung denounced the demonstrations as "  unlawful . " Leung : Raw emotion ` will get us nowhere ' In Hong Kong , residents have poured into the streets to defy Beijing 's vision for its political future in the midst of its longest series of political protests since the 1997 handover . Their goal is to pressure China into giving the former British colony full universal suffrage . Dozens have been reported injured by authorities . On the social media front , Instagram has been blocked in China since Sunday . Users can not view images and a message reads on the site : "  Ca n't refresh feed . " China observers noted that while the app ca n't be accessed in China for most , the country 's First Lady Peng Liyuan 's official Instagram account posted a picture of her and her husband , China 's President Xi Jinping , on Monday . The photo app has been viewed as a relatively non-political social media platform , said King-wa Fu , an assistant professor at the University of Hong Kong . "  In the past two days , we can see a lot of people holding phones and taking pictures of different  Hong Kong protest  scenes on Instagram , Facebook and sharing it around , " he said . "  It 's a huge amount of pictures posted in a short period of time . " That may have led to the blocking of the photo-sharing app , Fu said . The Chinese government maintains strict controls over what can be seen on the Internet and social media . This firewall extends to Facebook , Twitter and YouTube , and Google is rarely accessible . Hong Kong does not fall under the same restrictions . China 's massively popular microblogging site , Sina Weibo is being censored at the highest rate this year with "  Hong Kong " as the most commonly deleted term , according to Weiboscope , a Hong Kong University effort that monitors deleted posts . About 152 out of 10,000 Weibo posts were blocked , said Fu , who also works on Weiboscope . Why China censors Hong Kong demonstrations Photos of police confronting young pro-democracy protesters are sensitive in China , because it 's a reminder of Tiananamen Square , in which Chinese authorities cracked down on student protesters on June 4 , 1989 , Fu said . "  If you look at the political agenda of protests in Hong Kong , they have the same objectives . They 're calling for democracy in Hong Kong and political reform . These are two main sensitive topics in China . This is the topic they do n't want the Chinese citizens to widely discuss , " he said . But China can not completely black out any knowledge of the Hong Kong protests , especially with 40 million mainland arrivals to the special administrative region every year . Chinese authorities can not control whether its citizens know about pro-democracy Hong Kong protests , but they can shut down "  autonomous communication space " where public discussions can take place in China , said Xiao Qiang , an adjunct professor for the School of Information at the University of California at Berkeley . "  That 's what they 're trying to repress , " he said . "  The Chinese government fears that the kinds of protest and exercise of rights demanding greater political freedom will be contagious and trigger something in China , " he said . "  That 's what they fear the most . " What you can see in China The protest intensified Sunday when Hong Kong police unleashed tear gas on demonstrators . But there was no mention of it on the evening Chinese state-run CCTV news . On Monday morning , the homepage of China 's major portals such as Sina , Sohu , 163 and China 's state-run news agency Xinhua did not mention the events either . Searches on China 's top search engine sites such as Baidu and Sogou for the terms "  Hong Kong protest " or even "  Hong Kong students " yielded irrelevant results such as stories showing a a blissful image of Hong Kong residents picnicking on the grass or how Hong Kong is welcoming tourists from the mainland during the national holiday week . When relevant results appeared on the Chinese search engines , the articles contained a distinctively pro-China slant and even surfaced a month-old article about a small pro-Beijing counter-protest in Hong Kong . Content that was more sympathetic to Hong Kong protesters had been removed with messages reading : "  In accordance with relevant laws , regulations and policies , search results could not be displayed . "	China 's news and social media are stripped of discussions on Hong Kong protests China fears discussion of political rights , dissent and civil disobedience , observers say Instagram has been blocked since Sunday when protests heated up
CNN  -- This week , a California woman who disappeared from her home when she was just 15 , walked into a police station and ended her decade-long alleged kidnapping saga . According to the police , she was just 15 , when her mother 's boyfriend , Isidro Garcia , drugged her and kidnapped her . She woke up in a barricaded garage and that 's allegedly when the sexual , physical and mental abuse began . He allegedly moved her frequently over the 10 years , gave her a fake name  he went by "  Tomas "  convinced her that her family was no longer looking for her and told her she 'd be deported if she looked for them . I 've heard some people say that "  there 's something a little off " about the woman 's story . The reason : In recent years , the victim has been living in plain sight with her kidnapper . In fact , they were apparently married and have a daughter together who is 3 . Neighbors of "  Tomas " and his wife said they were stunned to learn that the "  happy couple " who were "  thrilled " about their pregnancy were in reality a kidnapper/rapist and his victim . It 's easy to be baffled by this case or question the victim 's story . She was , after all , not physically barricaded against her will in the House of Horrors , like the three women held captive by Ariel Castro for years in Cleveland , nor was she chained in the wilderness and disguised in a wig , sunglasses and a veil the way Elizabeth Smart was when she was rescued after nine months of absolute hell . In recent years , the young woman in this case , according to neighbors was often at the park alone with her daughter or at the grocery store . Or dancing happily at the elaborate parties the "  couple " threw with caterers and clowns . I guess it seems a little off because it 's natural to wonder why an alleged victim living in the open with her alleged captor did n't escape . Psychologists will tell you that it 's natural to not only think about what you might do in the same situation but to also try to convince yourself that you 'd have the courage to escape . We do this as a way to reassure ourselves and make ourselves feel safe against the many threats in the world . To wonder what you might do in a similar situation is psychologically natural , but to judge what this young woman should or should n't have done , is unfair . In an interview with The Associated Press , Elizabeth Smart cautioned people to not question why a victim might not have escaped sooner : "  We do n't know what these evil people are holding over them -- whether it 's their families ' lives , their lives , whatever it is . We just do n't know . There can be stronger bonds and chains than physical bonds and chains . " Or as Michelle Knight said on CNN 's New Day : "  You do n't know what went through her head . You do n't know what that was doing to her . You have absolutely no clue what she went through to say things and say that she was lying or she 's doing this . You 're making her not able to function or heal properly when you do these things to people . You 're making people not want to come out , not want to say anything . " In the late '80s , I was trained as a crisis intervention counselor and I volunteered on a domestic violence hotline for four years . Abusers typically have a Jekyll and Hyde personality . In public , an abuser often acts like a "  friendly guy " or a "  nice neighbor , " but in private he may be pure evil . Most victims are terrified to come forward fearing no one will believe them because neighbors and friends never witness the abuse . I 'm sure friends of the actor Michael Jace , for example , who is accused of murdering his wife were shocked to learn that such a "  friendly " guy might be capable of such evil . And this California kidnapping victim is n't a typical American 15-year-old  like my daughter  with a smart phone , a U.S. education , a large family network and an army of teenage friends . She was a 15-year-old from Mexico , who had been living in America for just six months when she was allegedly kidnapped . She did n't speak English . She did n't attend school . She was undocumented and of course feared deportation . With no network of friends or extended family , no education , no roots and no papers , she was allegedly completely under her captor 's control . Finally , there was the alleged physical and sexual abuse . She told police she was beaten twice when she tried to escape and for many years was never out of Garcia 's sight . I 've heard immigration experts speak about undocumented people living in "  the shadows . " This woman may have been living out in the open , but she was in the psychological shadow of her abuser and of a system that makes undocumented immigrants fear the police . Bottom line : Unless you 've lived through the pure hell that someone like Elizabeth Smart or the courageous women from Cleveland have , you are lucky to only have to imagine it . Like Elizabeth Smart , I 'm so happy to learn that this man has been charged and held and grateful that his alleged victim finally found the courage to come out from the shadows and save herself .	Mel Robbins : Some say alleged abduction and escape of California girl raises questions They say : How could she be victim while having kid , living as couple , holding parties ? Robbins : Other victims  Knight , Smart  note , we ca n't know alleged kidnaper 's hold on girl Robbins : She recent immigrant , uneducated , and allegedly abused -- do n't judge
CNN  -- Purnima lives in Nepal . She wants to be a nurse . But because she is a girl instead of a boy , she is more likely to go to work than go to school . In Nepal , government schools start charging tuition in the sixth grade . But Purnima was selected to be part of the Girls Education program with the nonprofit Room to Read and was able to continue her education . "  I am the first person getting an education in my family and my brother and sisters did not get the chance due to our family background ... we are from a poor family so we can not afford to go to school , " says Purnima . Purnima lives with her family in a room above the carpet factory where her older sister works . Her father is paralyzed . Her mother became blind when Purnima was 2 years old . All her siblings stopped going to school after the fifth grade . Purnima is 17 and has just finished secondary school at the top of her class . In fact , she was at the top of her class every year . Purnima is about to start two years of Nepal 's post-secondary school and she plans to go on to college . For a long time , she wanted to be an eye doctor . Now she says she is going to be a nurse and she may have a good chance to do just that . According to Room to Read , about 76 % of its graduates go on to some kind of university , college or vocational training after secondary school . The nonprofit Room to Read start working in Nepal more than 13 years ago . The organization now works for gender equality in education and overall literacy in Bangladesh , Cambodia , India , Laos , Nepal , South Africa , Sri Lanka , Tanzania , Vietnam and Zambia . "  Help them see their dreams and put them on the path to success ... with the life skills , drive and understanding , we get girls to the next step , " says Rebecca Hankin of Room to Read . Room to Read works to develop literacy skills and a habit of reading among all schoolchildren . But it also tries to ensure girls have the skills and support needed to complete their secondary education . More than 7 million children have been given access to education through the nonprofit 's network of libraries and schools . Kamlari - Nepal 's modern slavery Another obstacle for girls trying to get an education in Nepal is Kamlari . An illegal but still widely accepted tradition in Nepal , Kamlari is a system in which parents contract their daughters into indentured servitude for several years , often when the girls are as young as 5 or 6 . They work long hours and are often physically and emotionally abused . Purnima was never sold as a Kamlari . In Nepal 's Bardiya district , more than 600 ex-Kamlari girls are enrolled in Room to Read 's Girls Education program . How you can help Kamlari girls and girls like Purnima in Nepal : Give You can help girls like Purnima go to school and chase their dreams by donating to Room to Read 's Girls Education program . Thousands of girls in Nepal and other countries have been helped through school with books , school fees and mentorship . According to Room to Read , 96 % of girls in the program advance to the next grade . Get involved Volunteer for Room to Read in your community . There are more than 50 chapters in the United States and abroad . Be part of local volunteer activities and fundraising . Even spreading the word in your hometown can raise awareness about the need for girls to be educated . Find a chapter near you . Impact For even more ways to make an impact on education for girls around the world , check out CNN 's Impact Your World resources or take action with 10x10 . - More about CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " project - More from CNN 's Impact Your World	Purnima from Nepal has just finished at the top of her class in secondary school Room to Read 's Girls Education program has helped more than 21,000 girls attend school Purnima lives with her family in a room above the carpet factory where her older sister works In Nepal , parents follow tradition of Kamlari , selling daughters into indentured servitude
CNN  The Salvation Army in South Africa is using #thedress to spread a different kind of message about the colors black and blue . The organization is using the viral sensation to spread awareness about domestic violence . An ad shows a model wearing a white and gold dress resembling the one that caused an Internet meltdown last week as people debated whether the garment was n't actually black and blue instead . The model also sports bruises on her face and body . The caption reads "  Why is it so hard to see black and blue ? The only illusion is if you think it was her choice . " The ad has received mostly positive response . The dress , which is sold by the British company Roman , is actually black and blue . Julia Haller , the ophthalmologist-in-chief at Wills Eye Hospital in Philadelphia , explained that different people saw different colors because eyes perceive colors in a slightly different way , based on genes .	#thedress was an Internet sensation : Is it blue and black or white and gold ? The Salvation Army in South Africa is using it to raise awareness The reaction has been mostly positive
CNN  -- At least 30 people died and 70 were wounded in shelling on a marketplace in the Somali capital of Mogadishu Thursday , according to journalists and emergency services . Members of Islamist militia Al-Shaabab patrol Bakara Market in Mogadishu , Somalia , earlier this month . A local journalist called the rocket fire on Bakara market "  unprecedented . " "  This was the most brutal shelling , " according to an ambulance service representative who said they had picked up 61 wounded , but expect the number to climb . Other victims were being brought to hospitals by family and friends . The source of the shelling could not immediately be determined . Journalists saw shell fire coming from AMISOM -- the African Union Mission in Somalia -- strongholds in a fortified district of the capital and from near the airport . AMISOM is the only force in the area believed to have the firepower capable of such an intense attack . However , AMISOM denied any involvement in the incident . The African Union has a 3,400-member peacekeeping force in Somalia , made up of troops from Burundi and Uganda . It operates under a U.N. mandate to support Somalia 's transitional federal government . The peacekeeping force is charged with protecting key government and strategic installations in Mogadishu , including the port , airport and presidential palace . It is the de facto military force of the weak , transitional Somali government . African Union forces have been battling an al Qaeda-linked Islamist militia in Somalia called Al-Shaabab . The United States is supporting the Somali government 's fight against the insurgents , including providing weapons to government forces . Al-Shaabab is on the U.S. list of terror organizations because of its ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network . The United States is concerned that Somalia 's weak government could fall to the Islamist insurgency , as it did in 2006 before Ethiopian forces ousted the militants from power in early 2007 . Ethiopia invaded Somalia with the support of Somalia 's weak transitional government . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	30 people killed after shelling in Somali capital Mogadishu according to reports Journalists report shell fire coming from African Union Mission in Somalia stronghold Military force AMISOM has denied any involvement in the incident
Islamabad  CNN  -- So what kind of new political system do I want for Pakistan ? I want to change the governmental and administrative structure into a "  participatory democracy " and devolve the political , financial and administrative powers to the grass-roots level . I have developed a model of modern systems and true democracy for the future prosperity of Pakistan . After this "  green revolution , " the current governmental and administrative structure will be changed into a system compatible with international standards -- particularly those that already exist in the United States , Turkey , Japan and South Korea . I know we are a hundred years away right now , so we want to shape the Pakistani model according to our circumstances . My vision is that the head of the federal government should not be the leader of the house but the leader of the nation and will be directly elected by the people . This will put an end to political bargaining and horse-trading that dictates our current system . Devolution of power I want to implement true participatory democracy by involving a million people to share power by delegating authority to the grass-roots level . Article 140  a  of our constitution prescribes to put in place a system of local government -- developing power at the grass-roots level . To make clear this concept of democracy , I 've used the United States and Turkey as examples . The U.S. has a population of 320 million with 50 states , 3,024 county governments , 16,405 township governments , 19,429 municipal governments and more than 35,000 special purpose governments . Turkey has a population of 76 million , has 81 provinces , has developed 957 districts governments , 3,216 municipal governments and has set up 34,495 rural governments . I also want to limit the number of ministries at the center of government in Islamabad . Power and authority will be devolved from the center to the grass-roots level . The center will only keep key ministries to deal with currency , defense , inland security and counter-terrorism , foreign policy , higher education and energy . All other ministries will be transferred to the provinces and districts . I want to see 35 provinces in Pakistan instead of just four for a population of 180 million . Under the new system , every division of Pakistan will be awarded the status of a province to ascertain that power , authority and resources are devolved down to the district levels and do not remain centralized . Similarly , I want to see 150 districts and 800 sub-division governments consisting of 400 city governments and 400 rural governments . I also want to see 6,000 union council 's governments . Social-economic package Pakistan 's green revolution will implement the following 10-point revolutionary charter for the people of Pakistan that have been living below poverty line . 1 . Every low-paid lower class will be provided daily necessities  food items etc  at half price ; 2 . Every low-paid lower class will be exempt for paying taxes on utility bills & will offered at half price ; 3 . Every homeless will be given a house ; middle class family will be provided interest-free loans ; 4 . Every unemployed person will be given adequate employment ; 5 . Women to be provided employment ; 6 . State health insurance system will be developed for free medical treatment ; 7 . Free and compulsory education and modernization of education system ; 8 . Free 5-10 acres of agriculture land for poor farmers ; 9 . Disparity between pay structures of public and private employees to be minimized ; 10 . Revolutionary policy to eliminate terrorism , extremism and sectarianism and establishment of peace training centers across Pakistan .	Tahir ul Qadri joined an anti-government march on Pakistan 's capital Outspoken cleric has accused the government of corruption and campaigned for the poor Qadri says many aspects of the federal government need to be decentralized Talks about devolution of political , financial and administrative powers to the grass-roots level
CNN  -- One was the archetypal military strongman , intent on maintaining the social order and saving his country from "  catastrophe . " The other was a charismatic shipyard electrician and trade union leader who was just as determined to lead his countrymen to freedom . Wojciech Jaruzelski and Lech Walesa attend the first multi-party session of the Polish parliament in 1989 . Yet nowadays Wojciech Jaruzelski , the last leader of communist Poland , and Lech Walesa both claim , in their different ways , to have played their part in setting Poland on the path to democracy . The rise of Solidarity , the union and social movement which Walesa founded among the dockers of Gdansk in 1980 , was crucial to the ultimate collapse of communism in Poland and across the Soviet bloc . Feted in the West , Walesa was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 after spending nearly a year locked up as Jaruzelski clamped down on dissent , becoming a symbol of a rising tide of resentment behind the Iron Curtain . By 1989 , Solidarity had become an unstoppable social movement , sweeping to victory as the communist authorities relinquished their grip on power by allowing free elections . Walesa describes the union as a screw turning in the opposite direction to the communist regime , ultimately "  destroying the engine . " "  The system was 10 times less efficient than the western system , " Walesa told CNN , recalling his decade-long struggle . "  It paid less , life was worse . Each country enslaved by the Soviets was different and in Poland we had TV and people could travel so we knew life could be better ... and we 'd never given up . " But Jaruzelski still believes that without his decision to impose martial law in 1981 , Poland 's revolt against Soviet domination would have been as ruthlessly and violently quashed by Moscow as had those in Hungary in 1956 and Czechoslovakia in 1968 . "  For me personally it was a great tragedy , the consequences of which I 've felt to this day , " Jaruzelski told CNN . "  Martial law was evil . But it was less evil than the real and inevitable threat we were facing . There was a threat of an explosion -- and an explosion in Poland would have meant an explosion throughout Europe . " As a key link in the Soviet Union 's chain of Eastern European satellite states , Jaruzelski believes Moscow would never have allowed Poland to break away peacefully : "  I feared a terrible catastrophe . If martial law had not happened , Poland might have been flooded by a sea of blood . " Walesa admits the threat of Soviet intervention in the early 1980s was real , but says Solidarity had already won the argument against communism by the time Jaruzelski imposed martial law . "  I knew we were not going to fight , " he said . "  Because in Poland there were over 200,000 Soviet troops , they had nuclear arms , and they shot better than us . We could conquer them only this way : You can arrest us , but when we come out we do the same , and we will never work for communism again . " Even his arrest and imprisonment only deepened Walesa 's belief that Jaruzelski 's government could be toppled : "  My friends advised me to run away but I made a different decision . When they came to arrest me , I said , ` You have lost , I have won . You have just put the last nails into the coffin of communism . ' " These days Jaruzelski is no defender of the system which he served , describing communism as "  beautiful and noble , but utopian . " Yet he believes Solidarity 's demands in the early 1980s amounted to an "  economic time bomb " and that Poland was not ready for democracy at the time . "  The system was bad , I admit it today , " he said . "  But at the time , I was n't aware of that . Everything has to ripen -- corn , fruit , man and societies . Western countries took centuries to arrive at democracy . Except for six or seven years after World War I Poland had never been democratic so it was a difficult process . " The Polish authorities also realized the urgency of economic and political reform , Jaruzelski adds , and had already begun the process before the Round Table talks with Solidarity in 1989 that led to elections . "  It was a difficult and painful process for both sides , " he said . "  I can talk primarily of the government side , and what huge resistance I had to overcome among the people who were in power -- in the party , in the state , the army and the security apparatus . " Both men pay tribute to outside forces which made the leap to democracy possible . For Jaruzelski , Mikhail Gorbachev 's emergence in the Kremlin marked a "  breakthrough moment " in which the threat of Soviet military intervention in Poland was lifted , and a possible end to the Cold War loomed into sight . Walesa and Jaruzelski also acknowledge the unique role of the Polish-born Pope John Paul II and the Catholic church in brokering peaceful talks between the two sides . For Jaruzelski , though , the fall of communism was not the product of Solidarity alone or a single summer of upheaval but "  a great river made up of numerous streams . " "  Nobody should monopolize that victory , " he said . "  Because in this stream there was Gorbachev ; there was Reagan and then Bush , who caused the weakening of the Soviet Union by the arms race ; there was Solidarity ; there was the pope , and there were also -- which I will say without humbleness -- the reformists within the authorities at the time . " Both Jaruzelski and Walesa paint themselves as reluctant leaders . Jaruzelski describes his decision to become Polish prime minister as "  one of the greatest mistakes of my life , " while Walesa , who was elected Polish president in 1990 , says it was never his wish to lead his country -- "  but who else could have done it ? " Jaruzelski remains a divisive figure in modern Poland , derided by many as a living symbol of an oppressive past and occasionally summoned to court rooms to answer charges relating to his career as a leading servant of the communist regime . "  My generation , which remembers those times and can evaluate them in a balanced way , is passing away , " he said . "  And the new , younger generation , through school , books and TV , are being indoctrinated to be critical of martial law . Still , a large part of the society -- the majority , I think -- considers martial law to have been inevitable and justified . " Yet even Jaruzelski says Poles can be "  proud " of their role in the downfall of communist regimes across Europe : "  The Polish elections preceded the revolutions in Hungary and in Czechoslovakia and the fall of the Berlin Wall . That impulse , that example that came from us , was of great significance and I think it is our great historical tribute . " Walesa , unsurprisingly , offers a more direct assessment : "  Poland knocked out the teeth of the Soviet bear . Once we had done that , knocking down the Berlin Wall , the Velvet Revolution , all was made possible -- but only once the bear had no teeth . " CNN 's Claudia Rebaza interviewed Wojciech Jaruzelski . CNN 's Fredrik Pleitgen interviewed Lech Walesa .	Former Polish leaders Jaruzelski , Walesa speak to CNN Jaruzelski was military leader who declared martial law in 1981 Walesa was leader of Solidarity , first president of post-communist Poland Both men claim to have played key roles in Poland 's transition to democracy
CNN  -- An American doctor who was exposed to Ebola has arrived at the NIH Clinical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , the National Institutes of Health said Sunday . The doctor was volunteering at an Ebola treatment unit in Sierra Leone and arrived from an "  overseas location " according to the NIH . No more details on the patient were made available , but the doctor will be there for observation and research purposes , officials said . The NIH is currently testing an experimental Ebola vaccine on human volunteers that did extremely well in earlier trials with chimpanzees , doctors say . The patient will be kept in isolation . "  Out of an abundance of caution , the patient has been admitted to the NIH Clinical Center 's special clinical studies unit that is specifically designed to provide high-level isolation capabilities and is staffed by infectious diseases and critical care specialists , " the NIH statement said . Safety measures are in place to protect other patients and the public . The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is the worst on record , according to the World Health Organization . The number of deaths from Ebola now stands at 3,083 and the number of cases has reached 6,553 , the WHO said in a statement . The figures are based on information provided on September 23 by health ministries in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , the countries most impacted by the Ebola outbreak . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this story	NEW : NIH is testing Ebola vaccine , now has patient who was exposed to the virus Patient is a U.S. doctor who volunteered in Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone The doctor is at the clinic for observation , research and will be in isolation NIH says safety measures are in place to protect other patients and the public
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Volcanic ash spewing from Indonesia 's Mount Merapi has forced some airlines to cancel flights out of Jakarta 's international airport , airport officials said Wednesday . Cathay Pacific Airways and Qantas Airways had canceled flights at Jakarta 's Soekarno-Hatta International Airport , airport spokesman Andang Santoso said . Singapore Airlines said it was continuing to fly . Large clouds of gas and dust from Merapi 's recent eruptions also have forced some flight cancellations into and out of the Yogyakarta airport . Travelers were asked to check with their airlines for schedule changes . On Wednesday , U.S. President Barack Obama shortened his visit to the Indonesian capital because of concerns that volcanic ash could ground Air Force One in Jakarta , according to administration officials . Recent eruptions of Merapi , which started on October 26 , have killed at least 156 people , officials at Sardjito hospital have said . The eruptions also have displaced an estimated 200,000 people . The 3,000-meter  9,800-foot  Merapi , in Central Java , is famously unpredictable . About 1,300 people died when Merapi erupted in 1930 .	Cathay Pacific and Qantas cancels flights at Jakarta 's international airport Singapore Airlines continues to fly Travelers are asked to check with their airlines for schedule changes
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon general counsel threatened legal action Thursday against a former Navy SEAL who wrote a revealing book about last year 's Osama bin Laden raid , warning him he has violated secrecy agreements and broken federal law . In a letter addressed to "  Mark Owen , " the pen name of book author Matt Bissonnette , General Counsel Jeh Charles Johnson wrote the Pentagon is considering pursuing "  all remedies legally available " against the former SEAL and his publisher , Penguin Putnam . "  In the judgment of the Department of Defense , you are in material breach and violation of the nondisclosure agreements you signed . Further public dissemination of your book will aggravate your breach and violation of your agreements , " Johnson wrote . The book is called "  No Easy Day " and is a gripping account of the Navy SEAL raid on bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan last year that ended in the death of the world 's most notorious terrorist leader . The story sheds more light on the now famous skill and daring of the SEALs . But the book 's very existence stoked controversy because members of the elite unit do n't usually divulge details of their operations . The book is one of several accounts about the operation to have surfaced after last year 's raid . Buzz ramps up over SEAL 's bin Laden book Government officials only recently became aware the former SEAL was writing a book , but they were told it encompassed more than just the raid and included vignettes from training and other missions . They wanted to see a copy , a Defense Department official said , to make sure no classified information would be released and to see if the book contained any information that might identify other team members . Thursday 's letter to Bissonnette came after a department review of the book . Bissonnette wrote in the book that he was part of a team heading up a stairwell in search of bin Laden , forces led by a SEAL point man . "  We were less than five steps from getting to the top when I heard suppressed shots . "  BOP BOP . "  The point man had seen a man peeking out of the door on the right side of the hallway about ten feet in front of him . I could n't tell from my position if the rounds hit the target or not . " They went into a room and saw two women standing over a man at the foot of a bed , "  hysterically crying and wailing in Arabic . " One of the women shouted in Arabic and moved toward the point man . "  Swinging his gun to the side , " the point man grabbed the women and moved them to a corner . "  If either woman had on a suicide vest , he probably saved our lives , but it would have cost him his own . It was a selfless decision made in a split second , " Bissonnette wrote . Bissonnette described how he and another SEAL entered the room and saw the man , clad in a white sleeveless T-shirt , loose tan pants and a tan tunic , twitching and convulsing . The author said he and another SEAL finished him off with several rounds and soon after identified him as the notorious leader of al Qaeda . The killing occurred even though a government lawyer told the SEALs that if bin Laden did n't pose a threat , he should be detained . The author found two empty firearms during a search of the area , saying bin Laden apparently "  had n't even prepared a defense " and had "  no intention of fighting . " According to an earlier and contradictory account from a U.S. official , bin Laden was shot after the SEALs went into the room . That account said the al Qaeda leader was moving , possibly toward one of the weapons that were in the room when he was shot . He never had a gun in hand but posed an imminent threat , according to the U.S. official . Bissonnette said he had mixed feelings about President Barack Obama , who ordered the operation . "  None of us were huge fans of Obama . We respected him as the commander-in-chief of the military and for giving us the green light on the mission , " wrote the former SEAL , who was a 36-year-old chief petty officer when he left the Navy as a highly decorated commando in April . CNN obtained a copy of the book , which will officially be released September 4 . It first had a release date of September 11 , but Dutton , a Penguin imprint , said the book will come out early because of "  overwhelming excitement in the marketplace . " The first printing of the book , already an Amazon best seller , is now 575,000 copies , according to Dutton . Opinion : Sense and nonsense about Obama and Osama CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : The Pentagon threatens legal action against the author NEW : It says Matt Bissonnette has violated secrecy agreements he signed Bissonnette says he was one of the SEALs who finished off bin Laden Bissonnette was a chief petty officer when he left the Navy
CNN  -- The Chicago Bears waived wide receiver Sam Hurd on Friday , two days after federal authorities arrested him on charges of conspiring to possess and distribute cocaine . Hurd , 26 , was arrested Wednesday at a Chicago restaurant , where he accepted cocaine from an undercover U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent , according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court . Authorities say he was trying to set up a drug distribution network in Chicago , having allegedly expressed interest in getting a supplier to sell him hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of cocaine and marijuana per week , and that Hurd was a target of a five-month investigation in Dallas , where he once played for the Cowboys . "  We are very shocked about what we heard , " Bears General Manager Jerry Angelo said Friday while announcing Hurd 's release from the NFL team 's roster . Hurd was freed from custody Friday after a judge in Chicago granted him a $ 100,000 cash bond , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Chicago . His attorney , Brett Greenfield , said Hurd had waived his preliminary hearing , and that a grand jury will now decide whether to indict him . The case will be handled by a federal court in the northern district of Texas , where the criminal complaint was filed this week . Greenfield said Hurd 's frame of mind is confident , and that there is a "  very high level of relief " that he is out of custody . The complaint says that Hurd met with an ICE undercover agent at a restaurant in Chicago on Wednesday night . A confidential informant with whom Hurd had communicated previously also attended the meeting , according to the complaint . He was interested in buying 5 to 10 kilograms of cocaine , at $ 25,000 per kilogram , and 1,000 pounds of marijuana at $ 450 per pound , per week for distribution in the Chicago area , according to ICE . Hurd said that "  he and another co-conspirator currently distribute about 4 kilograms of cocaine per week in Chicago , but that his supplier could n't supply him with enough quantity , " Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said . After they finished negotiating , Hurd accepted a kilogram of cocaine from the undercover agent , according to the complaint . "  Hurd stated that he plays for the Chicago Bears and that he gets out of practice at about 5:30 p.m. , after which he would make arrangements to pay for the kilogram of cocaine , " ICE officials said in a news release . "  Hurd left the restaurant with the bag of cocaine and was arrested shortly thereafter in the parking lot of the restaurant . " If convicted , he faces a maximum penalty of 40 years in prison and a $ 2 million fine for conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 500 grams or more of cocaine . Hurd , a sixth-year NFL player out of Northern Illinois University , joined the Bears in July after playing with the Cowboys for five seasons . Angelo , the Bears ' general manager , said Friday that team research on Hurd turned up no red flags before he signed in July , according to the Bears ' website . "  We spend an inordinate amount of time on character , making sure we know the player as well as we can , " Angelo said . "  But no system is foolproof . For me to sit here and say that we should have known something that we did n't know , I ca n't say that in this case . There 's no foundation for anybody to say that . " NFL wide receiver Terrell Owens also expressed shock after hearing of Hurd 's arrest . "  It would never cross my mind that Sam would ever be dealing or using drugs , " said Owens of his former Dallas Cowboys teammate . "  This is completely out of character for him . " Though Hurd has only eight catches for 109 yards in this season 's first 13 games , he contributed in other ways . He has long been a special teams force , leading the Cowboys in special teams tackles in 2009 and 2010 . CNN 's Karan Olson , Jim Barnett , Bill Kirkos and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Sam Hurd is released on $ 100,000 bail The Chicago Bears wide receiver was arrested on drug charges Wednesday Officials accuse Hurd of trying to set up a drug distribution network He accepted a kilogram of cocaine from an undercover agent , they say
It was a brazen attack , resulting in the death of the most senior U.S. officer since 9/11 , and officials have named the attacker as a member of Afghan 's military . Maj. Gen. Harold Greene -- a longtime officer who was leading efforts to train soldiers in Afghanistan -- was killed Tuesday at a military training facility in Kabul . An ISAF official said that the group was standing outside , and the attacker , who has been identified by the Afghan Ministry of Defense as an academy member named Rafiullah , shot from inside a nearby building at a distance of about 100 yards . The assailant had served in the academy for two and a half years , Zahir Azimi , an Afghan Ministry of Defense spokesperson , told CNN . Pentagon officials went out of their way to say the shooting would not change the relationship between U.S. and Afghan forces . "  I 've seen no indication that there 's a degradation of trust between coalition members and their Afghan counterparts , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters Tuesday . But the deadly ambush at a premier training facility for Afghan military officers raises questions about the vetting process for Afghan soldiers and also the upcoming handover of security to Afghan forces . "  When something like this happens , in the least it creates a crisis of confidence for Afghans and for us , " said Vali Nasr , dean of the School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University . So far , the Taliban has acknowledged the general 's killing , but has n't claimed responsibility for it . The Afghan Ministry of Defense continues to investigate the incident . The Pentagon is n't commenting on the possibility of Taliban involvement , saying the Afghan military and international forces are in the early stages of an investigation . Nasr told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that the attack raises serious concerns as the United States prepares to withdraw forces from Afghanistan . "  The Taliban have proven today they can infiltrate this force at will , " he said . "  The discipline we are seeking or that we are claiming is not there , and I think it is very difficult for the administration to say that everything is going according to plan , as if this is just an isolated incident and we can just leave . " But it 's still unclear whether the gunman had Taliban ties and whether he slipped through the military 's screening process , said Philip Mudd , a CNN counterterrorism analyst and former CIA official . "  I do n't think we should look and make judgments about the vetting process too quickly , " he said . "  You would think on the surface that maybe he was recruited by the Taliban . That 's not necessarily the case . " Witnessing the horrors of war sometimes inspires soldiers to turn against their onetime allies , he said . "  He might have seen something in the last months or years ... and sometimes there is an emotional switch that turns on after their recruitment , after their vetting , that leads them to say , ' I want to do something about this . I 'm going to kill someone in the U.S. military , ' " Mudd said . Insider attacks : When Afghan soldiers turns and kill allies ` Routine visit ' turns deadly The attack occurred during a routine visit to the Marshal Fahim National Defense University in Kabul to look at improvements made at the school , Kirby said . In addition to the general 's slaying , up to 15 coalition troops were wounded in the shooting rampage . The shooter was wearing an Afghan military uniform and is believed to be someone who had served for some time in a unit of the Afghan armed forces , Kirby said . "  A person that we believe was an Afghan soldier opened fire and hit many with his weapon , " he said . The Afghan Defense Ministry described the shooter as a "  terrorist " and said Afghan soldiers shot him dead . General helped lead training Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno released a condolence statement confirming Greene 's death . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with Maj. Gen. Harold J. Greene 's family , and the families of our soldiers who were injured today in the tragic events that took place in Afghanistan , " Odierno said in the statement , referring to other officers who were hurt . "  These soldiers were professionals , committed to the mission . It is their service and sacrifice that define us as an Army . " Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , described the general as a very experienced officer who was a leader in the training command in Afghanistan . He was an expert in infrastructure and logistics , Kirby said . Gen. Martin E. Dempsey , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , expressed condolences on his official Facebook page Tuesday night . "  We serve , and where we serve we are often at risk , " he said . "  God bless those wounded and killed in Afghanistan yesterday and their families . " Insider attacks : ' A threat you ca n't completely eliminate ' This is n't the first time people dressed in Afghan security forces uniforms have attacked coalition forces who have worked to thwart such violence . "  The insider threat is one that we 've been focused on for quite some time . ... It is a threat you ca n't completely eliminate , " Kirby told CNN . But it 's a threat that can be mitigated , he said . And officials stress that statistics show that the numbers of such attacks have decreased . In 2012 , so-called "  green on blue " insider attacks took the lives of dozens of coalition troops , and the U.S. command in Kabul halted some joint operations with Afghan security forces , CNN has previously reported . Two attackers wearing Afghan military uniforms killed two U.S. service members in February in Afghanistan , the military publication Stars and Stripes reported . In October 2013 , a man in an Afghan soldier 's uniform shot and killed an ISAF member in eastern Afghanistan , CNN reported . According to an April 2014 Pentagon report , insider attacks against ISAF forces declined from 48 attacks in 2012 to 15 attacks in 2013 . In the first quarter of 2014 , there were two insider attacks against ISAF . "  Despite this sharp decline , these attacks may still have strategic effects on the campaign and could jeopardize the relationship between coalition and ANSF -LSB- Afghan National Security Forces -RSB- personnel , " the report reads . Kirby called insider attacks "  a pernicious threat " that are "  difficult to always ascertain , to come to grips with ... anywhere , particularly in a place like Afghanistan . " "  Afghanistan is still a war zone , " he said . Numerous security protocols were instituted a few years ago to help ensure military personnel are safe , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . The United States will review the circumstances of Tuesday 's shooting to see if any changes should be made . White House : Attack is ` painful reminder ' of troops ' sacrifice President Barack Obama was briefed about the shooting and called Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , to get more information , Earnest said . "  While we have made tremendous progress in disrupting , dismantling and defeating al Qaeda operations and leadership in Afghanistan and progress in winding down U.S. involvement in that conflict , this shooting , of course , is a painful reminder of the service and sacrifice that our men and women in uniform make every day for this country , " Earnest said . In February , the Obama administration announced for the first time that it had begun planning for the possible withdrawal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2014 if Afghanistan did not sign a security agreement pertaining to rights of U.S. troops operating there . In May , Obama said that if the Afghan government signs a security agreement , virtually all U.S. forces would be out of the country by the end of 2016 , shortly before his presidency ends . He called for 9,800 U.S. troops to stay in Afghanistan after the end of 2014 , along with some allied forces . The number would get cut roughly in half by the end of 2015 , and a year later the U.S. military presence would scale down to what officials described as a "  normal " embassy security contingent . Kirby told reporters Tuesday that Afghan National Security Forces "  continue to perform at a very strong level of competence and confidence , and warfare capability . " The U.S. military feels that the Afghan military "  grows stronger by the week " and noted that they are already "  in the lead in combat missions " throughout the country , he said . "  They 'll be completely in the lead for military operations by the end of the year , " Kirby said . "  We see no change in that . " 2 U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Afghan Ministry of Defense names assailant as academy member named Rafiullah Army chief of staff confirms death of Maj. Gen. Harold Greene Afghan soldier believed to be shooter , says Pentagon spokesman Analyst : "  It creates a crisis of confidence for the Afghans and for us "
CNN  -- Laurie Fine , the wife of a former Syracuse University assistant basketball coach accused of molesting ball boys , plans to sue ESPN and two of the network 's reporters for libel in a federal court , her lawyers said Wednesday . A draft of the lawsuit says sports journalists Mark Schwarz and Arthur Berko "  spitefully destroyed Laurie Fine 's reputation in an attempt to capitalize financially in the tragic wake of the Penn State sex abuse scandal . " It says Fine 's reputation was ruined by the malicious publication of false and defamatory accusations . In response , ESPN backed its stories . "  The suit is without merit and we stand by our reporting , " the sports programming network said . Fine broke her months-long silence Wednesday to talk about the accusations against her . "  I 'm here today as a wife and a mother who has had to endure the trauma of being smeared in the public as a monster , " she said at a news conference . "  My life has been destroyed by the defamation I have suffered , and this will last a lifetime . " Fine called the lawsuit the first step to restore her reputation . "  I have never engaged in or condone despicable conduct falsely reported by ESPN , " she said . "  They have maliciously attacked me in order to attack my husband . " The ESPN reporting has forced her to live in seclusion and impaired her ability to volunteer in the community , she said . "  They should apologize and retract these horrible lies , " she said . Among the false accusations Fine alleges in the lawsuit are : â $ cents Creating a space in which children could be sexually molested in secret . â $ cents Witnessing her husband sexually molest children , but not doing anything to stop it . â $ cents Knowingly permitting the sexual molestation of children in her home . Her husband , Bernie Fine , was fired from Syracuse in November after several ball boys came forward and said the basketball coach molested them . Bernie Fine has not been charged with a crime . He has maintained his innocence , saying shortly after the allegations surfaced that they were "  patently false in every aspect . " Bobby Davis and his stepbrother , Mike Lang , who are former Syracuse ball boys , were the first to step forward publicly last year with allegations against Fine . Another man , Zachary Tomaselli , made similar accusations later , filed a lawsuit and then admitted that he made up the story . A prison inmate , Floyd "  David " VanHooser , also made the same allegations , only to recant them . The draft lawsuit details the Fines ' relationship with Davis . "  The Fines mentored Davis when he got in trouble , " it says . "  Rather than humiliating him in front of Laurie or their other children , Bernie often came home from work , and sternly spoke to him , in private , as if he were his own teenage son . "  Davis was family , and when he messed up , the Fines made sure he learned from his poor decisions , even if that required occasional parental corporal punishment and reprimanding . " It says that the Fines gave Davis money but that he took advantage of their generosity by making up "  countless stories " to "  gain the Fines ' sympathy and justify his requests for money . " When Davis told Laurie Fine that her husband had sexually molested him , the draft says , "  Laurie ` went off ' on Davis because Davis finally crossed the line . " "  Bernie assured Laurie that it was just another one of Davis ' fabricated stories , " the draft says . "  Laurie would patiently suffer Davis ' vilification of her husband with the hope that Davis would eventually outgrow the lies and his dependency upon her family for financial support . " Laurie Fine made headlines last year when ESPN and the Post-Standard newspaper in Syracuse released details of a 10-year-old taped conversation with Davis that appeared to show she knew about her husband 's alleged sexual abuse . In the tape , the woman that ESPN , citing experts , identified as Laurie Fine said she knew "  everything that went on " with her husband , adding that "  he thinks he 's above the law . " "  Bernie has issues ... and you trusted somebody you should n't , " the woman said , speaking to Davis . The woman appears to acknowledge an inappropriate sexual relationship between Davis and Bernie Fine , saying , "  It 's just wrong , and you were a kid . " She also said that her husband should "  find  himself  a gay boy , get your rocks off . " The lawsuit refers to that recording as "  an admittedly doctored , substantially inaudible , and entirely speculative tape , which Davis purported to be a recoding of a telephone conversation between he and Laurie in 2002 . " ESPN changed the audio quality , produced only portions of the tape and presented it out of context "  such that the tape seriously misleads and misrepresents the conversation that occurred , " said Lawrence Fisher , Laurie Fine 's attorney . Laurie Fine 's nephew , Matt Govendo , said at the time that the voice on the tape was his aunt 's but that the tape was "  all tampered with . " Last week , a New York State Supreme Court justice dismissed a defamation lawsuit against Syracuse University longtime head basketball coach Jim Boeheim . The suit was filed in December by Davis and Lang . Boeheim initially supported Fine , a longtime friend and colleague , accusing Lang and Davis of fabricating their accusations of Fine 's alleged misconduct . The coach later apologized for his comments . Justice Brian DeJoseph of the Onondaga County Supreme Court ruled that the initial statements made to media outlets by Boeheim "  were likely to be an opinion -- a biased , passionate , and defensive point of view of a basketball coach -- rather than objective fact . Thus , plaintiff 's defamation claim against Boeheim fails as a matter of law . "	NEW : Laurie Fine wants ESPN to apologize and retract its reporting NEW : Her reputation has been ruined by false reports , she says Laurie Fine plans to sue ESPN and two reporters , says they destroyed her reputation Four men have accused Bernie Fine of abuse ; tape dragged Laurie Fine into the story in 2011
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Hardly a day has gone by this year without news coming from China of mass protests , labor strikes or violent attacks . In a country where strikes and protests are taboo , these are bold , desperate actions by Chinese angry over low wages , land-grabs , abuse from officials , corruption , worsening pollution and other bread-and-butter issues . The Chinese labor front has been particularly uneasy . On May 17 , more than 1,800 workers at a factory in southern Guangdong , which supplies parts for Honda Motors , went on strike , demanding better pay . After a two-week standoff , they won . Their victory has been contagious . Walkouts have paralyzed several factories across China , including three other plants that supply auto parts to Honda Motors . Foxconn , a huge Taiwanese-owned manufacturing group which produces parts for Apple , Sony and other companies , announced generous pay increases after a series of worker suicides this year put the spotlight on the plight of migrant Chinese workers . Chinese manufacturers face labor upheaval Although China has emerged from the financial crisis stronger than most , it has not escaped economic and social disruptions . China is now grappling with a rise in social unrest , and the Chinese leadership is taking it seriously . Zhou Yongkang , a top communist party official in charge of peace and order , acknowledges that "  a wide range of social conflicts have occurred recently " and calls for "  down-to-earth measures . " Foxconn firm seeks answers to rash of worker suicides Speaking at a meeting in Beijing , Zhou said : "  Improving people 's livelihoods should be the starting and end point of all our work . People should be able to share the fruits of the reform and development . " But not everyone has . Since China introduced market reforms in 1978 , economic growth has averaged more than 9 percent every year and per capita income has more than quadrupled . Prospering the most are the booming coastal provinces , where shiny skyscrapers boast malls teeming with well-heeled shoppers . But in the rural interior , tens of millions of Chinese still live in poverty . Beneath the glowing statistics , China 's leap to prosperity has left millions of its citizens behind . Seeking a better life , millions of farmers have left the land to seek work in the cities . According to 2009 figures from the State Statistics Bureau there were almost 230 million migrant workers in China . Over the past three decades , they came in waves , working long hours in sweatshops , construction sites and assembly plants , enduring poor working conditions in order to save a little cash to remit home . They are the unsung heroes of the Chinese economic miracle . But the second generation of China 's migrant workers is a different breed . "  Their parents have lived through hardship and poverty , but the younger generation has seen nothing but economic growth and they feel they should benefit from the economic progress , " says Wenran Jiang , political science professor at University of Alberta in Edmonton , Canada . "  They will not put up with poor working conditions , work-related stress and low wages . " Officials are now trying to pacify them . Without specifically commenting on the recent labor disputes , Premier Wen Jiabao urged better treatment for China 's young migrant workers . Speaking to a group of young workers at a subway construction site in Beijing , he praised their work as "  a glorious thing " and called on the government and society to "  treat them as their own children . " Wen 's soothing remarks may be taken as an indication of how seriously the leadership regards a restive population . "  I think the government is very concerned about the unrest spreading and causing further disruptions , " says Drew Thompson , a China expert at the Nixon Center in Washington DC . "  The workers ' uprising undermines the Communist Party 's legitimacy to some degree and that is most worrisome to the leadership . The restrictions on reporting on strikes and workers ' dissatisfaction reflect that unease . " Authorities have so far allowed workers at the Honda plants to organize and agitate for better pay , but workers say the police are keeping them under close watch . Wary of the possible emergence of Solidarity-style independent trade unions in China , China 's leaders are tightening controls in the political spheres as well . "  The new regulations increasing oversight of foreign funding for Chinese NGOs is an example of how ubiquitous government oversight is , " says Thomson of The Nixon Center . "  One could argue that the government might be over-doing it to preempt turmoil , and in trying to exert complete control , it is eliminating checks and balances and other safety valves that allow the public to vent their frustration . " At the annual meeting of China 's legislature in March , Premier Wen had promised to address the issue of social justice and the yawning gap between the rich and the poor . Shifting away from the growth-at-any-cost model that has prevailed over the past three decades , he promised more efforts on redressing the inequality and social tension that market reforms have engendered . One institution that is in place to help smooth labor disputes is the All-China Federation of Trade Unions  AFTU  , an officially sanctioned labor union . Chinese leaders have called on official labor unions to do a better job of representing workers . But striking workers at the Honda plant in southern Guangdong said they distrusted the official unions as pro-management , not pro-workers . Instead of relying on the factory 's official union , each department elected two workers ' representatives who negotiated on their behalf the wage hike that they wished . Analysts say the AFTU now faces the choice of changing into a genuine workers ' union or remaining marginalized .	China 's leadership are grappling with a rise in social unrest among the workforce Since market reforms introduced in 1978 , the leap to prosperity has left millions behind Migrant workers are refusing to put up with poor working conditions and low wages Communist Party leadership worried discontent could spread , undermine its legitimacy
Munyonyo , Uganda  CNN  -- Heads of 35 African nations observed two minutes of silence Sunday to honor more than 70 people killed in terrorist bomb blasts in Uganda earlier this month as the African Union summit opened . "  Our condolences go to the people of Uganda for the tragic loss of lives following that tragic incident , " said Bingu Wa Mutharika , AU chairman and Malawian president . "  Terrorism has no place in Africa ; it has no place in the developing world , " he said . "  Let us all condemn these acts . " The summit , which formally opened Sunday following a week of conferences , is being held at a resort hotel in Munyonyo , about 12 kilometers south of the Ugandan capital of Kampala on the shore of Lake Victoria . On July 11 , three bombs at two sites in Kampala killed 74 people and injured more than 80 . Many of the victims had gathered to watch the World Cup finals . The Al-Shabaab militant group , which is currently battling the weak transitional government in war-torn Somalia , claimed responsibility for the bombings , saying they were in retaliation for Uganda 's contribution of troops for peacekeeping operations in Somalia . About 6,000 Ugandan and Burundian troops were deployed for the peacekeeping mission more than two years ago in the Horn of Africa nation , which has been at war for more than a decade . Mutharika , in his remarks , stopped short of making any commitment toward AU peacekeeping missions in Somali and the Darfur region of Sudan . However , AU Commission Chairman Jean Ping said on Friday that Guinea and Djibouti have battalions of soldiers ready to be be deployed to Somalia . Forty-three heads of state have said they will attend the Summit . Thirty-five had arrived by Sunday , including Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi and Nigerian president Goodluck Jonathan . "  While people were enjoying the World Cup , Uganda was having the dark side of it , " Jonathan told the conference . "  Nigeria condemns that terrorist attack on innocent people in totality and we stand in solidarity with Uganda . " While the theme of the three-day summit is maternal , infant and child health , the subject has been overshadowed by the Ugandan attacks , the deteriorating security situation in Somalia and the attacks by Al-Shabaab . "  We find the terrorist bomb attacks in Kampala despicable , " Ping told attendees Friday . "  We welcome the pledges of other countries in providing the troops to Somalia , including from Djibouti , which already has a battalion ready . " Ping said he has been discussing the issue throughout the week with various African authorities and by the end of the summit , he expects more nations to pledge troops to Somalia peacekeeping efforts . The attacks are cause for Africa to change its stance on terrorism , Adris Piebalgs , European Union commissioner for development , told reporters at the summit . "  The recent bombings in Kampala have changed things greatly . We have just witnessed AU leadership during the opening of the summit today paying more attention on terrorism coming  from  Somalia , " Piebalgs said . "  We are seeing real commitment , with more countries contributing to the AU peacekeeping mission in Somalia . " The EU will continue its support of the mission , he said , and urges more African nations to get involved and "  deal with the problem . " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder also spoke at the summit , saying the United States "  recognizes that ending the threat of al-Shabaab to the world will take more than just law enforcement . That is why we are working closely with the AU to support the African Union 's mission in Somalia ... we pledge to maintain our support . " The United States also recognizes that ending the threat of al-Shabaab to the world will take more than just law enforcement . That is why we are working closely with the AU to support the African Union 's Mission in Somalia . The United States applauds the heroic contributions that are being made on a daily basis by Ugandan and Burundian troops , and we pledge to maintain our support for the AU and the AU Mission in Somalia . Some 20 people have been arrested in connection with the Kampala blasts , Ugandan leader Yoweri Museveni told the summit , and have been giving investigators "  useful " information about terrorist operations . "  The organizers of these attacks have been arrested . Their interrogations are yielding useful information , " Museveni said . "  I have great contempt for the authors of terrorism , " he told the summit . " ... They attack innocent people . I recommend  to  the AU leaders not to accept this terrorist arrogance . " Museveni told the summit the mandate of the AU peacekeeping mission in Somalia should be changed , with troops able to beyond Mogadishu and hunt Al-Shabaab and other militant groups . Piebalgs said he would support a wider mandate for the mission from the United Nations Security Council , and urged AU leadership to seek it . Somali insurgents reportedly killed two Ugandan peacekeepers this week in attacks on AU and government military positions in Somalia 's battered capital , Mogadishu . "  How can these people dare attack the AU flag ? " Museveni said . "  These terrorists can be and should be defeated . Let us act in concert and sweep them out of Africa . Let them go back to Asia and the Middle East where they came from . "	African leaders offer their condolences for the Uganda bombings Guinea and Djibouti have pledged to offer troops for Somalia peacekeeping mission A three-day African Union summit got underway Sunday after days of conferences
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A meeting between the leaders of Pakistan and Afghanistan was canceled Friday when bad weather prevented Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari from traveling to the Afghan capital , Kabul . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari  pictured  has met Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai before . An official in Pakistan 's Foreign Office said the meeting with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and top government officials will be rescheduled for the near future . The visit was to have taken place amid ongoing warfare and tension along the Afghan-Pakistan border and was to have focused on the nations cooperating in the fight against terror . Some of the Taliban militants conducting attacks in Afghanistan have been based in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province and nearby tribal regions . The group 's resurgence has prompted U.S. commanders and the incoming Barack Obama administration to put more of a focus on confronting militants along the volatile border . In the past , Afghan and Pakistani leaders have blamed the other for the security problems in the region . Zardari was to have been accompanied on the trip by the governor of North West Frontier Province , as well as his foreign minister and adviser on internal affairs . The two presidents also planned to discuss the expansion of bilateral relations and trade . Both men have met before , when Karzai visited Pakistan in September to attend Zardari 's swearing-in ceremony .	Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari due to meet Afghan President Hamid Karzai Visit to have taken place amid ongoing tension along Afghan-Pakistan border Taliban militants attacking Afghanistan from Pakistan 's North West Province Both countries have previously blamed each other for the security problems
CNN  -- Brazil and beaches go together like bossa nova and "  The Girl From Ipanema , " which , of course , put the country on the map as a hub of sun and sand and the eternally tanned and lovely . With 4,650 miles of mostly tropical coastline , Brazil can lay claim to one of the biggest collections of balmy shores on the planet , little of it known outside Brazil . From seafronts piled high with dunes and pocked with turquoise pools in the Northeast states of Maranao and Rio Grande do Norte , to the rugged shores of Bahia , to secluded coves on the southern island of Santa Catarina , Brazil 's best beaches make the place a shore lover 's nirvana . Brazilians take their coastal assets seriously , and beach culture is a big part of the lifestyle . Beachgoers in Rio de Janeiro have been known to break into applause as the sun sets after a particularly fine day of bronzing . Yes , Rio has its share of world-class city beaches , but Brazil 's best beaches , the ones that get you away from it all , are found elsewhere . There are dozens of breathtaking stretches of golden sand up and down the long coast of Brazil . Given that distances are vast and infrastructure not always on the same page you are , let 's narrow the list down to Brazil 's best beaches that you 're most likely to get to without a trekking guide . Ipanema , Zona Sul , Rio de Janeiro Most travelers will see their first beaches in Rio , which does have some remarkable , if crowded shores . Of the famed Zona Sul beaches , Ipanema is a classic choice . If it 's not too crowded , it 's a beautiful stretch of sand , with kiosks to pick up a coconut to down the water from the shell or a caipirinha . There 's plenty of scenery along the sand and the jagged pinnacles of the Two Brothers that loom up beyond the next beach , Leblon . A couple blocks from the water , you can revisit the inspiration for the "  Girl from Ipanema " with a visit to Garota de Ipanema , the cafe where the song was written . If your tastes run to fewer tourists , more nature , Arpoador Beach is hidden by the rocky bluffs separating Copacabana from Ipanema . It 's an isolated cove with wild waves and  relative  peace in the middle of chaos . Praia dos Carneiros , Pernambuco About an hour south of Recife , Tamandare is an unpretentious beach town with a shore you can wander for miles and explore nearby wetlands . A couple miles from town , you 'll find one of the most idyllic coastal stretches in Brazil . Tucked into a grove of palms off a dirt road , Praia dos Carneiros looks like it escaped from a South Seas postcard . The white sand beach faces a small , lagoon-style bay that 's great for swimming . The water is bathtub-warm , and there are no waves to contend with . Leaning , long-frond palms form a picturesque colonnade down the shoreline . Watercraft are available for rent , and boat tours of the bay and wetlands are a great way to get to know the area . Carneiros 's superb natural setting is perfect for a quiet , not chaotic , day at the beach . The secret to the tranquility is that Carneiros is a private beach . It and the area around it are owned by a single family , which has managed to keep it from being overrun . It 's not cheap -- $ 30 a day per car , and the only on-site food is also pricey , but the serenity and scenery are worth it . A day at one of Brazil 's best beaches does n't get much more relaxing than this . Caraiva , Bahia With almost 700 miles of coastline , and smack in the tropical zone , the state of Bahia is loaded with sleepy fishing villages and spectacular beaches . One of the best is Caraiva , a hidden beauty 30 miles south of Bahia 's best-known beach site , Porto Seguro . There are no vehicles in Caraiva other than the four-legged kind , so the roar you hear is the crashing of waves or mules . It was n't that long ago the town did n't even have electricity . The beach here goes on for hours , verdant headlands on one side , azure sea on the other . Though there is n't a lot of commerce around , you can eat tasty seafood , and the trusty mules make sure you 're stocked with beverages . There 's a "  lost in time " quality about Caraiva , but with beaches this exquisite , that wo n't last for long . Taipus de Fora , Bahia Few colors have the power of translucent turquoise to stop humans in their tracks . Taipus de Fora has enough of the hue to keep the most jaded traveler enchanted . Located on the sea side of the Marau Peninsula on the south coast of Bahia , this beach is a snorkeler 's dream . As the tide ebbs , it leaves behind brilliant , turquoise reef pools perfect for viewing an assortment of colorful tropical fish . No need for Photoshop here . That turquoise is the real deal . The beach itself runs broad and golden for some four miles , with thick , luscious palms . You wo n't have trouble finding a reasonably priced place to stay , with accommodations from hotels to pousadas to rental houses and campgrounds , or a bar to imbibe near a reef pool . It 's easy to make the case for Taipus de Fora as one of Brazil 's best beaches . Porto da Barra , Salvador , Bahia In many ways , Porto da Barra is to Salvador  capital of the state of Bahia  what Bondi is to Sydney and Venice Beach is to Los Angeles . Tiny fishing boats bring in the day 's catch , there 's beach volleyball and plenty to see at the Fisherman Colony Manguinhos , a traditional fish market in Buizos . This is one of the few beaches in the lively city of Salvador that faces west , so you can catch great sunsets . Praia da Pipa , Rio Grande do Norte A backwater fishing village until backpackers discovered it in the 1970s , Praia da Pipa is a favorite weekend retreat for locals in nearby large cities such as Recife and a respected Northeast Brazil stop for global travelers as well . A number of international visitors came here and never left , staying on to run small pousadas or restaurants . The attractions are obvious -- a beautiful natural setting , with steep pink cliffs rising above the sand and remnants of the great Atlantic Forest that once draped this coast still alive and verdant . There 's plenty to do -- surfing , dolphin-watching , sand-boarding . At night , Pipa village is packed with cafes and bars where you can meet and greet and knock back caipirinhas . Praia do Sancho , Fernando de Noronha , Pernambuco Often voted Brazil 's best beach , Praia do Sancho is a bay on the island of Fernando de Noronha , facing the coast of Brazil rather than out into the Atlantic Ocean . Covered in vegetation , its steep , rocky cliffs form a backdrop to clear waters that are accessible only via ladders attached to the cliff face or by boat . Porto de Galinhas , Pernambuco For those whose tastes run to popular beach resorts , Brazil has mass tourism sites beyond Rio , the biggest including Paraty and Buzios . The most respected major tourist beach in Brazil is Porto de Galinas , about 45 minutes south of Recife . Its lower-key , more eco-centric approach attracts fans on both the independent and mass travel side . The beach is a perennial winner of the "  best beach in Brazil " award by readers of "  Viagem e Turismo "  "  Travel and Tourism "  , a popular Brazilian travel magazine . A former fishing village , Porto de Galinhas is famed for its crystalline reef pools , which make for great snorkeling and swimming . Small sailboats  jangadas  take you out to explore the pools , though the most treasured of the pools , which resembles a map of Brazil , is protected and off-limits . Porto de Galinhas is the complete package -- a beautiful 11-mile beach , sailing , windsurfing , diving , kayaking , rafting and restaurants and lodging for all budgets . Have you got a Brazil 's best beach pick ? Share it in the comments section .	With 4,650 miles of mostly tropical coastline , Brazil has seemingly endless balmy shores Northeast states of Maranao and Rio Grande do Norte are noted for gorgeous turquoise waters With almost 700 miles of coastline , state of Bahia is loaded with spectacular beaches Porto de Galinhas in Pernambuco is an annual "  Brazil 's best beach " contender
A bloodied but defiant activist -- his face scarred , an ear severely cut , his body "  beaten black and blue " -- has become the latest symbol of the turmoil in Ukraine , stirring fresh anger in that country and elsewhere as the political standoff drags on . The visibly battered Dmytro Bulatov reappeared Thursday , more than a week after he went missing amid anti-government protests . He told reporters he 'd been kidnapped and tortured by his captors -- who , he claimed , "  crucified me " by piercing his hands -- before being dumped in a forest . Video footage shows blood caked on his head where he said his ear was cut . Bulatov , who organized convoys of motorists as part of the so-called AutoMaidan protest movement , said his abductors -- seemingly unable to grasp that protesters were there on their own free will -- asked him who was funding the effort . Ukrainian protester wants to live in a lawful state One day later , the uproar over his treatment and that of the opposition built . Much of this anger and pressure was directed at Ukraine 's embattled government , even if it has n't been directly implicated in what happened to Bulatov . Vitali Klitschko -- head of the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party and the most high-profile opposition leader -- blasted the activist 's treatment as "  an act of intimidation of all active citizens . " "  Many AutoMaidan activists have suffered , " the former world champion boxer added , noting protesters who 've had their cars smashed and been arrested in the unrest . The views from outside Ukraine were n't much kinder . Saying the U.S. government was "  appalled by obvious signs of torture , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said , "  We are deeply concerned by increasing reports of protesters disappearing and being beaten and tortured , as well as by attacks on journalists . Carney added : "  It is especially concerning that some of these reports have suggested the involvement of security forces . " The Interior Ministry is investigating what happened to Bulatov , state news agency Ukrinform reported . The European Union 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , said after meeting Friday with Ukrainian opposition leaders that -- even after all this public , international anger -- she is "  deeply alarmed by the violence and cases of intimidation and torture . " "  I am particularly appalled by the cruel treatment and torture of Dmytro Bulatov and reports that there are attempts to arrest him from his hospital bed , " she said in a statement . "  This is completely unacceptable and must stop immediately . " Military calls for stability These comments came as Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych signed into law Friday a bill that would grant amnesty to scores of political prisoners now detained . But it appeared to be a moot move , given that the opposition -- whose allies , theoretically , would be the ones freed -- have n't backed it . They questioned the requirement that protesters vacate seized government buildings and unblock streets before amnesty is granted . In fact , the protesters camped out on the bitter cold streets of the capital , Kiev , did n't budge after the amnesty law went into effect . Their demands , too , have n't changed : for wider constitutional reforms and shifting more power away from the President and onto the Parliament . They have been in Kiev 's Independence Square , or Maidan , since November , when the President reversed a decision to sign a long-awaited trade deal with the European Union and turned instead toward Russia . The protests turned violent after Yanukovych 's party rammed a controversial anti-protest law through Parliament two weeks ago . At least four protesters and an unknown number of police also have been killed . Thankfully , there have been no repeats of those violent confrontations since last week . On Friday , Ukraine 's military forces urged the President to restore stability , saying that a further escalation of the political unrest in the country threatens the Eastern European nation 's territorial integrity . Yanukovych must take "  immediate measures to stabilize the situation , " the country 's Defense Ministry said a statement . In an interview with Russian state news agency Itar-Tass on Sunday , Ukrainian Defense Minister Pavel Lebedev said that Ukrainian military forces would not interfere in the country 's current political unrest . "  The army will abide strictly by the constitution and laws of Ukraine that set clearly its role , functions and tasks , including use of armed forces , " Lebedev said . European leaders call for ` immediate dialogue ' Yanukovych on Thursday defended his government 's handling of the political crisis , saying that it had "  fulfilled all its obligations " and that opposition leaders were stoking people 's anger for their own gain . His office had earlier said he was out on sick leave . Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday that the opposition does not have full control of the street protests that have shaken the country . The opposition , he said through a translator , has n't provided a "  comprehensive pact " that would satisfy protesters ' demands . According to Yushchenko , the opposition is concerned about "  the fight for power , " but less with "  the strategic course of the country . " Opposition politicians have called for Yanukovych also to stand down , but he has not given any indication he will do so . Speaking at a joint news conference in England on Friday with French President Francois Hollande , British Prime Minister David Cameron appealed for a peaceful resolution to the crisis . "  We are concerned about the violence in Ukraine . The repeal of restrictions on fundamental freedoms was a step in the right direction , and we urge President Yanukovych to respect his people 's wishes and put his country back on a path to a more stable and secure European future , " Cameron said . "  On Ukraine , we are calling to an immediate dialogue without violence , " Hollande said .	EU 's Ashton calls treatment of tortured activist "  unacceptable " U.S. is "  appalled by obvious signs of torture , " spokesman says President signs an amnesty bill for detained protesters into law , but opposition is unmoved Protesters have camped out in Kiev since November , demanding constitutional reforms
DALAT , Vietnam  CNN  -- Dalat Nuclear Research Institute stands on a mountaintop in Vietnam 's southern highlands . The nuclear reactor is not what most Vietnamese think of when they think of Dalat . The town , nestled in pine woods , is Vietnam 's favorite honeymoon spot . Highly enriched uranium rods are laid out on a table at the research institute in Dalat , Vietnam . The institute is not a romantic place . Located in a cylindrical , concrete building , it contains a 500-kilowatt , pool-type reactor that had only recently been loaded with Soviet WWR-M2 fuel assemblies . Built in 1963 with U.S. help , it originally contained highly enriched uranium from the United States . In 1975 , at the end of the Vietnam War , the reactor was closed , then reconstructed by the Soviet Union . In 1983 , it reopened , this time using Soviet highly enriched uranium -- a Cold War marriage made in heaven . The institute created medical isotopes and carried out research , but few people if any , in those days thought about the possibility that terrorists might take an interest in the uranium . Watch experts remove nuclear fuel and show how easily terrorists could hide it " As I was soon to see for myself , fresh , highly enriched uranium is easy to smuggle . When clad with aluminum , its radiation is detectable only by specialized sensors . Approximately 25 kilograms are all that is needed to make a crude nuclear device . I had never heard of Dalat when , sitting at my desk in Washington last July , I got a call from a contact at the U.S. Department of Energy 's National Nuclear Security Administration . A dream I had had several years ago , when I was working in Moscow as CNN 's bureau chief was about to come true : CNN was given the green light to be the only television network invited to shoot a secret joint U.S. / Russian mission to remove the HEU fuel from the Dalat reactor . The Vietnamese government , once a U.S. enemy , had agreed to give up its HEU in exchange for converting the reactor to low-enriched uranium that can not be used for a bomb . My contact gave few details over the phone . I went to the Department of Energy for a closed-door briefing . CNN cameraman Charlie Miller and I would travel to Ho Chi Minh City , where we would meet the Department of Energy staff , then fly to Dalat and drive to the reactor . According to DOE ground rules , we would be able to share only a few details of the operation with our senior editors . The timing of the actual transfer of the HEU was classified . We would learn it only after we had arrived in Vietnam . We would not be able to broadcast our report until the nuclear material was back in Russia . After our arrival in Ho Chi Minh City September 11 , we , along with a U.S. and a Japanese newspaper reporter , met the other members of the team : two Russian nuclear experts and a representative from the International Atomic Energy Agency -- the nuclear watchdog of the United Nations -- who were to certify completion of the transfer . After a short flight to Dalat , we loaded into a van and set out on the serpentine road toward the research institute , passing ribbons of Vietnamese on motor scooters , the primary mode of transportation here . At the gate , a color poster of Ho Chi Minh greets us . Inside , we don yellow lab coats , cover our shoes with blue throw-away slippers and enter the cavernous room where the reactor stands , towering over us like something out of "  Dr. Strangelove . " The HEU fuel rods have been removed from the reactor and are stored in a large metal case . A Vietnamese scientist fumbles with the keys , then opens the top and begins handing the rods to the Russian experts , who lay them out on a table . The experts are wearing dosimeters to measure the radiation , but only one person wears gloves -- simple , rough cotton ones . They hand me a fuel rod and I hold it in my bare hands . Now I understand just how easy it would be for a terrorist to disguise the fact that he or she was carrying highly enriched uranium . The fuel rod looks for all the world like an aluminum leg to a small table . The experts lead us up steep metal stairs to the top of the reactor . I peer down into the pool of water into which a technician is lowering new fuel rods made of low-enriched uranium . Unlike highly enriched uranium , this fuel can not be used to make a bomb . The Vietnamese are willing to cooperate , but they also want to verify that this new fuel will work as well as the HEU did . In the control room , they huddle in front of a wall of electronic gauges , waiting until the reactor reaches "  criticality . " As a blue gauge hits the mark , the room fills with applause . Professor Vuong Huu Tan , chairman of the Vietnam Atomic Energy Commission , tells me "  the most important part of the reactor is training our people in nuclear energy . " This is the other part of the equation : By complying with the U.S. / Russian effort to remove vulnerable nuclear materials , Vietnam assures it will get international support for its quest to build nuclear power plants to generate energy . Both U.S. and Russian companies are eyeing Vietnam as a potential market . The Russians wrap the fuel rods in plastic , then insert them into two large , steel cylinders . The IAEA expert seals them . If they 're tampered with , it will be obvious . The next day , a flatbed military truck backs into the reactor room . A crane lifts the cylinders and gently lays them on the truck 's wooden bed as a Vietnamese military officer , in olive drab , looks on . The final and most vulnerable phase of the operation begins . The truck drives through the reactor gates and joins a convoy guarded by armed soldiers . Sirens blaring , we set out in a slow procession , weaving down the mountain road , traffic police on motorcycles waving riders on motor scooters out of the way . At Dalat 's airport , the truck wheels onto the tarmac and stops near a Vietnamese military helicopter . A forklift lowers the cylinders to the ground and six soldiers heave them in slings to the helicopter . From there , they are flown to the military base at Ho Chi Minh City airport , where they are put onto a Russian transport plane . Until the last moment , it is unclear whether the Vietnamese military will allow journalists onto the base . As one soldier tells a member of the nuclear team , "  the last time Americans were here was when you bombed us . " But they do let us in . "  No pictures outside . Just inside the plane . " We climb the stairs into the belly of the Ilyushin 76 and see the two baby-blue cylinders filled with highly enriched uranium , nestled side by side , like two children of the Cold War , ready for a trip back to where they came from : Russia . At 2 p.m. , right on schedule , the engines roar and the plane lumbers down the runway , off to its ultimate destination in the Ural Mountains . There , the HEU will be blended into a form that can not be used for bomb-making . My instincts tell me to grab a phone and call CNN headquarters in Atlanta to report that the plane has taken off , but the embargo is strict : no broadcast until the HEU is safely back on Russian soil . On the sweltering tarmac at a military base in Ho Chi Minh City , as the plane rises in the sky , the team of nuclear experts , the Vietnamese soldiers and even we reporters break into applause . Three countries : Russia , the United States and Vietnam , intertwined in a complex page of history , brought together in a mission to make the world more secure . This is the 13th such mission carried out by the United States and Russia . Altogether , a total of 442 kilograms of fresh HEU from 11 countries , enough to build more than 17 crude nuclear devices , have been removed . But there is more to be done . The two countries still are only halfway there in securing vulnerable nuclear materials around the world . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's Jill Dougherty gets exclusive access to removal of nuclear material Vietnam gives up highly enriched uranium from Dalat Nuclear Research Institute The reactor is converted to low-enriched uranium that can not be used for a bomb The old HEU will be blended into a form that can not be used for bomb-making
CNN  -- Artist Rachel Sussman spent the past decade documenting the world 's oldest living things . Working with biologists , she has traveled to deserts and islands , from the Australian Outback to Antarctica , to photograph organisms that are 2,000 years old or older . She has given a TED talk about her project . Her new book of photographs and essays , "  The Oldest Living Things in the World , " came out on Earth Day , April 22 . Follow her on Twitter : @OLTW CNN asked Sussman about her work in an e-mail interview . How did you get involved with this project ? Before I got the idea for "  The Oldest Living Things , " I was searching for something I could really sink my teeth into . That search was both an intellectual one -- pondering ideas about combining art with science and philosophical concepts like deep time -- as well as a literal one . A visit to Japan in 2004 resulted in a surprising and eye-opening adventure to a supposedly 7,000-year-old tree , which ended up being the ultimate catalyst that brought all these different threads together . Environmentalism also plays a vital role in my work . The ancient survivors I 've photographed have weathered thousands of years in some of the harshest environments on Earth , but are now threatened by the climate crisis . Of all the oldest living things that you came across , what moved you the most ? It 's hard for me to choose , but I was particularly moved by some of the most diminutive organisms . We expect to be awed by the grandeur of Giant Sequoias , and they are indeed moving . But it was the little beings -- the ones that you 'd have no idea are old at all -- that I found to be the most compelling . Examples of this include the map lichens in Greenland that grow only 1 centimeter every 100 years , and the spruce tree on the cover of the book , which , despite its spindly appearance , has been growing clonally for 9,950 years . If there 's one place in the world that one must see before one dies , where would it be ? This is a tough question , as I think we should weigh the environmental impact of our travels against the potential for cultural and personal enrichment . Developing clean energy sources to get us to places should be a global priority . What that in mind , some of my travel experiences -- like visiting South Georgia Island in the Antarctic Convergence -- felt more like traveling back in time than visiting a remote location . It is stunning , and I 'd love everyone to be able to see through that window back into deep time . However , some of the last pristine locations on Earth have only remained so because of lack of human contact . I urge everyone to travel responsibly , and remember the Girl Scout motto to always leave a place in better shape than when you found it ! What are a few things that one can start doing today to become more environmentally conscious ? My suggestion is to get involved with Al Gore 's fantastic organization , the Climate Reality Project . Whether you spread some truth to the naysayers about climate change , reflect on the things you love that are made possible by a healthy climate , or choose to apply to become a member of the Climate Realty Leadership Corps , Climate Reality is building community and momentum around the global fight against the climate crisis . Who inspires you ? In no particular order some of my favorite people are : David Foster Wallace , Werner Herzog , David Lynch , Ernest Shackleton , the women of art and science that history overlooked or forgot , risk-takers , climate crusaders , makers of eye-opening art , boundary breakers , fighters of injustices , and anyone forging a connection where one did n't previously exist . I believe everyone should follow and cultivate their curiosity -- because you never know where it will lead you . There is so much to see , know and do in the world , and I hope that we can all get out there -- in our own ways -- and do some good .	Artist Rachel Sussman 's book , "  The Oldest Living Things , " comes out on Earth Day Sussman : When I visited Japan I saw a very old tree that inspired my project She says environment is important , and urges all of us to fight climate change
CNN  -- Khaldoon Khalifa Al Mubarak is CEO of Mubadala Development Company . In this role , he oversees the delivery of an aggressive investment strategy , generating significant financial returns and driving sustainable economic development in the United Arab Emirates . Mubarak at the signing of the February deal with F1 that will see Abu Dhabi host a Formula One race in 2009 Khaldoon is also chairman of the Executive Affairs Authority of the Government of Abu Dhabi . This specialized government agency is mandated to provide strategic policy advice to the chairman of Abu Dhabi 's Executive Council , His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan , The Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi . In addition , Mubarak is a board member of First Gulf Bank and also holds positions on the boards of ALDAR Properties , Dolphin Energy Limited and the philanthropic Emirates Foundation . He is chairman of The Imperial College London Diabetes Center , vice chairman of the supervisory board of LeasePlan Corporation and vice chairman of Piaggio Aero , the leading Italian Aerospace company . All of these organizations are wholly or partly owned by Mubadala Development Company . CNN 's John Defterios met Mubarak in Abu Dhabi and began by asking him about Mubadala 's recent purchase of a 7.5 percent stake in the U.S. investment firm , Carlyle Group for $ 1.35 billion . Defterios : In the past we 've talked about a return or a double-bottom line for Mubadala when you approach investments . One is a financial return , the other is a strategic return . How does Carlyle fit into a double bottom-line for Mubadala ? Mubarak : If you look at the areas Carlyle has focused on - aerospace , energy , power , infrastructure , transportation , healthcare - these are all areas you find Mubadala very aggressively acting in . And the synergies that we see , the potential partnerships that can be created through this investment are endless . So it 's a very good fit for us , it 's a very good deal for Mubadala and I think it 's the right step . Defterios : As you know , a Chinese firm took a non-voting stake in the Blackstone Group before its IPO , $ 3 Billion but has seen that investment tumble . What makes you confident that this will play out differently for Mubadala ? Mubarak : We 've met with all the executives at Carlyle , we 've looked at their track record . Their track record speaks for itself . We 're confident in all the due diligence work we 've done , and I think this investment will pay off handsomely for us in the years to come . Defterios : It 's interesting , you were in Washington closing this deal , three weeks ago I see you in South East Asia on a real estate development and in between you 're in Manza with your F1 obligations in Italy . I take it that speed is of the essence these days . You 're moving at such a rapid speed in all directions at this stage . Mubarak : I 'm getting used to sleeping on planes , let me put it that way . Defterios : That 's an understatement . Seriously , the speed is quite impressive . Mubarak : It 's been a tremendous roller coaster ride over the last couple of years , and the growth in Abu Dhabi , the growth in the region and the growth that Mubadala has gone through is tremendous . It requires people like me , executives in this company and executives across the board to be running around and making sure we get the right deals and the right partnerships and making sure we have a sustainable growth strategy . Defterios : You have a wide-ranging portfolio . If you look at it , it does n't seem to blend or come together . Dolphin energy , a huge natural gas project in this region , majority holder . Five percent stake in Ferrari . I mean how do we know that 's not just a vanity investment for Ferrari ? How does that fit in to your long term strategy ? Mubarak : Well Ferrari has been a very exciting and interesting investment for us . Again , right off the bat , it 's a financial investment , it makes a lot of sense , it provides the right returns for us . But beyond that , we created a strategic alliance with Ferrari . Two years later , we have a Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi . That could n't have happened without that entry point , in Ferrari . Dolphin is another great story for us because this was a project that seven years ago , was a dream . I remember talking to people about building a pipeline between Qatar and the UAE to transport gas , and people frankly looked at me and said , "  you 're nuts , that 's not gon na happen . " Well here we are , it 's 2007 , gas is flowing from Qatar to the UAE and it 's done . Defterios : How do you avoid the eventual backlash here that seems to be brooding or percolating at this stage ? Are there merits to the argument that this is just oil-wealth being redeployed and not a level playing field ? Mubarak : Mubadala now is focusing on creating a good corporate institution . It 's a totally different ball game than maybe 10 years ago or maybe 15 years ago , with the type of corporations and institutions that are now coming up in the region , and the approach they are taking in the investment strategies that they are pursuing . Defterios : We are sitting in an extremely grand Emirates Palace Hotel , a $ 3 billion structure . You have an urban plan that goes out to 2030 . What 's this going to tell us about Abu Dhabi in this time frame ? We do n't know much about this Emirate in the last 10 years . Mubarak : Abu Dhabi has typically been very conservative in its approach . We 've always taken a lot of care towards planning , towards strategic thinking , in any sector we are involved in . It 's a 23-year plan that looks at the growth of the city and makes sure that the growth of the city is in line with the aspirations of the government , with the aspirations of the people and in line with the type of developments that are being put forward from the real estate private sector and the industrial sector that is now growing at a pace that you do n't see in many other places . E-mail to a friend	Khaldoon Mubarak is the 32-year old CEO of Mubadala Development Company He a board member of ALDAR Properties , Dolphin Energy and First Gulf Bank Mubadala owns stakes in Dolphin Energy , Ferrari and the Carlyle Group
CNN  -- A thin girl with caramel skin and a yellow silk blouse walks alone through a barren landscape of rubble . Nway prepares for her new job , selling vegetables from her aunt 's garden . Her legs are marked by cuts . Her face is smeared with white streaks of powder . And her eyes are blank as she sifts through the debris of what used to be her home before Cyclone Nargis slammed into Myanmar one night and swept her parents away . Her name is Nway , and that 's how she looked when aid workers found her after Nargis destroyed her isolated village . She refused to talk about the cyclone , pretending it never took place . She became , according to a CNN story , the "  girl who refuses to remember . " A year later , an aid worker returned to the village to see how Nway was doing . She found Nway living in a tidy , bamboo house flanked by palm trees . The 8-year-old greeted her visitor with a big smile . Then she asked whether she could play with her visitor 's hair . Pam Sitko , the aid worker , said Nway -- like thousands of people in Myanmar -- is slowly recovering one year after Nargis demolished their country . "  After all of her pain and loss , she really is a spunky girl , " said Sitko , who works with World Vision International , a humanitarian group . "  She was n't shy about reaching out to touch my blonde hair . " The night everything changed Nway 's resilience is shared by many in Myanmar , aid workers say . Last year 's cyclone was catastrophic . It killed at least 140,000 people and left at least 2 million people without homes , according to the United Nations World Food Programme . The brunt of the storm hit Myanmar 's delta region , the country 's bread basket . It wiped out crops , shrimp farms and fish ponds . A year later , many fields remain unplanted ; supplies are short , and the lack of drinking water complicates recovery efforts , World Food Programme officials say . Yet some sense of normal life is returning , said Mia Marina , a program support manager for World Vision 's Nargis response efforts . World Vision is building cyclone-resistant schools and providing supplies to cyclone survivors . "  Most of the people are going back to their livelihoods , " Marina said . "  Kids are going to school . The markets are open . " The people of Myanmar are also buying planting tools and seed in preparation for the monsoon rains that typically come in May , Sitko said . "  Everyone is hoping that this is the moment that it turns around , " Sitko said . "  It 's an exciting time , a time of hope . " That hope appears to have spread to Nway . She is fortunate to be alive . The cyclone killed her mother and father . The winds were so powerful that they blew away the village buffalo . In Nway 's village , 120 people out of a population of 430 people lost their lives . Nway survived because she was staying with her aunt . The pair joined a group squeezed in to the village headman 's house to survive , Sitko said . Nway would n't talk about the cyclone after aid workers found her a month later . She would walk away whenever she was asked about that night . Now , according to Sitko , who wrote about her meeting for World Vision , Nway can talk a little about her loss . Sitko said Nway shared one memory from the morning after the cyclone while sitting in her aunt 's house : "  When I walked to my aunt 's house that day , my legs were scratched , and I passed lots of dead bodies , " Nway said . "  I wanted to help , because everyone was working , but I was too scared , so I only helped clean up my auntie 's yard . " Nway dreams of her future Nway prefers to talk about other subjects . One is her new job . She helps her aunt sell vegetables from their garden . On most mornings , she smears white powder made from tree bark on her cheeks  it 's used as a skin beautifier by women and children in Myanmar  . Then she balances a tray of vegetables on her head and walks to a village road to call out to potential customers . Nway told Sitko that she 's made "  four new best friends . " They like to memorize new words and play hide and seek after school . "  I 'm always the fastest runner , " she told Sitko . Nway is starting to become aware of life outside her village . "  She was very proud , " Sitko said . "  She explained that she had recently taken a trip to another village with her aunties , and she was n't afraid . " Nway does n't know , though , where she would attend school as she gets older , Sitko said . She 'll have to pay to attend school away from her village one day , but her aunt and uncle ca n't afford the costs . "  She wanted to study and said that she was smart , " Sitko said . "  She said she would be willing to travel to a school outside of her village if she had to . " Nway has already taken a more difficult journey . The shocked girl who aid workers met a year ago has changed , Sitko said . Now Nway can remember -- and smile again . "  I was expecting a very different girl , " Sitko said . "  The little girl I met was very confident . I think she 's been really transformed by our experience . "	Girl who survives Myanmar cyclone pretends it never happened Cyclone survivor becomes known as ` the girl who refuses to remember ' Aid worker returns to Myanmar a year later to see the girl "  I was expecting a very different girl , " worker says
CNN  -- A former Georgia hospital technician was sentenced to up to six months in prison after pleading guilty to manipulating the mammogram records of 1,289 patients . Ten of those women were given false negatives , and two of them are now dead , a prosecutor says . Rachael Rapraeger told the patients at Perry Hospital that their mammograms yielded negative results when a doctor had never reviewed them , according to court documents . "  You played Russian roulette with the lives of essentially a thousand women in this community , " Houston County Superior Judge Katherine Lumsden told the 33-year-old Macon woman during sentencing on Tuesday . One victim , Sharon Holmes , to whom Rapraeger gave a false mammogram result in December 2009 , found out two months later that she had breast cancer and that it had spread to her lymph nodes , CNN affiliate WMAZ reported . Her cancer has been in remission for three years , the station reported , but that did n't mitigate her displeasure with Rapraeger . Holmes told WMAZ she wanted Rapraeger to know , "  I 'm not a name on a piece of paper ; I 'm a person . " Holmes had a chance to speak directly to Rapraeger in court , reading from a prepared statement , "  You could have made a different decision , and my family and I would not be living this nightmare . " Rapraeger also received 10 years of probation and a $ 12,500 fine , according to the sentencing sheet . She also wo n't be allowed to hold any job in the health care field for 10 years , the sheet says . Although Rapraeger initially pleaded not guilty , she accepted a deal in which she pleaded guilty to 10 counts of misdemeanor reckless conduct and one count of felony computer forgery . The felony will be wiped from her record if she does n't "  violate the terms and conditions of the sentence , " said Dan Bibler , deputy assistant district attorney . Rapraeger will remain free on $ 50,000 bond , possibly for several weeks until a bed is available at a yet-to-be-determined state probation-detention facility , defense attorney Frank Buford said . He called the sentence "  very fair " and said his client takes responsibility for her crimes and is remorseful that people suffered . Explaining why Rapraeger told so many patients their mammograms were negative , Buford said Rapraeger became overburdened at work and was only trying to please her bosses . "  She just got behind in her work and wanted to try and get caught up , " the attorney said . "  She made a poor decision to start entering negative reports just so she could keep up . She did n't want to fall behind on her work requirements . " Holmes told WMAZ she was not happy with the sentencing . "  If I 'm living a sentence of having cancer then you should live a sentence also : behind bars , " she told the station . One victim who was n't able to opine on the sentence is Miriam Mizell , who died of breast cancer in January 2012 at age 63 . In a September 2010 interview , she told WMAZ that Rapraeger had informed her that her mammogram had come back clean in 2008 . In spring of 2010 , however , Mizell got a call saying she had been randomly selected to receive a free mammogram , she told the station . That test came back positive , WMAZ reported . "  I was lied to from the beginning , " Mizell told the station . Asked about Mizell 's allegation , Houston Healthcare , which operates Perry Hospital , responded with only a short statement from CEO Cary Martin . "  Notification efforts to the impacted patients commenced April 2010 and continued to completion or resource exhaustion in the ensuing months , " Martin said .	2 of 10 women who got false mammogram results died of cancer , prosecutor says Rachael Rapraeger sentenced to up to six months in prison , probation , $ 12,500 fine Cancer survivor tells Rapraeger , "  I would not be living this nightmare " except for you Victim Miriam Mizell dies at age 63 of breast cancer in 2012 , CNN affiliate reports
CNN  -- A salmonella outbreak linked to alfalfa sprouts has sickened some 94 people in 16 states and the District of Columbia , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Tuesday . Health officials said those first cases became known November 1 , with many getting ill after eating alfalfa sprouts in products from Jimmy John 's Gourmet Sandwiches outlets . The Food and Drug Administration said Monday that those vegetables came from Tiny Greens Organic Farm . Tiny Green 's alfalfa sprouts and spicy sprouts , which have alfalfa sprouts plus radish and clover sprouts , were distributed in 4-ounce and 5-pound containers to farmers ' markets , grocery stores and restaurants including Jimmy John 's . In addition to a variety of sprouts , the Urbana , Illinois , produce company distributes arugula , broccoli , fennel , cauliflower , onion , radish and other items , according to its website . The FDA said consumers should n't eat the sprouts and restaurants should n't serve them . They should instead be thrown away , the agency said . In a letter to Jimmy John 's franchisees , founder Jimmy John Liautaud said that the chain had pulled sprouts from all its Illinois establishments after store locations came up negative for the bacteria . About 24 % of those sickened in that outbreak were hospitalized , the CDC said . No deaths have been linked to the outbreak . The FDA said Monday that the sprouts were distributed in Indiana , Iowa , Missouri and possibly other Midwestern states , with roughly half the illnesses occurring in Illinois . Health officials had previously said the salmonella outbreak had sickened at least 89 people in 15 states and the District of Columbia . In an apparently unrelated situation , a Texas produce distributor has recalled nearly 7,000 cases of cilantro and curly parsley after samples in Quebec , Canada , and Michigan tested positive for salmonella , the company said Monday . The "  precautionary , voluntary recall " pertains to cilantro and parsley from J&D Produce , Inc. , packed between November 30 and December 6 , the Edinburg , Texas-based company said in a statement . Cilantro and parsley processed and branded as Little Bear between those dates can be taken to retailers for a full refund . No one has reported getting sick from eating the vegetables , according to J&D Produce . The recall came after independent tests found salmonella on the company 's parsley in Quebec and its cilantro in Detroit , Michigan , both of which came from the same processing line in Texas . The company 's products are sold retail as well as to wholesalers , who may then distribute them to restaurants and other establishments , according to Sharon McNerney , a public relations consultant for the company . The recall involves 2,498 cases of the parsley -- which have expiration dates 12 days after being packed -- that went out to the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario and the U.S. states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Texas , Washington and Wisconsin . The 4,411 recalled cases of cilantro , carrying the same packing and expiration dates , were distributed in Colorado , Illinois , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Texas , Washington and Wisconsin as well as Quebec and Ontario After the positive results , regulators and health officials in the United States and Canada have stepped up inspections of J&D Produce 's facilities , the company 's president , James Bassetti , said . They also undertook other measures , including stopping and sanitizing all production lines , adding manual inspections , rinsing products more and bringing in consultants . "  We have a good track record , but we 'll bring our expectations and standards to even higher levels , " he said . "  We 've already begun improving our systems . " In addition to cilantro and parsley , the Texas company gathers , packs and distributes a variety of fruits and vegetables such as carrots , limes , eggplants , peppers , greens , onions , melons , mangos and asparagus , according to its website . Salmonella is a bacterial infection that usually lasts four to seven days . About 40,000 cases of salmonellosis are reported each year in the United States , according to the CDC . Those who get it typically develop fever , abdominal cramps and diarrhea between 12 and 72 hours after becoming infected . Most people recover on their own , without needing significant treatment . But salmonella in very young and very old people , as well as those with weakened immune systems , can lead to severe illness and even death . The CDC recommends that anyone suspecting he or she may be ill from eating contaminated food should talk to a doctor .	The FDA calls Tiny Greens Organic Farm a source of the outbreak That outbreak first appeared on November 1 , with many cases traced to a sandwich chain Separately , a recall of parsley and cilantro affects 14 states and 2 Canadian provinces No one has reported getting ill eating the Little Bear branded items , the company says
CNN  -- It 's a familiar pose by now : Fresh-faced Olympian grins while pretending to take a bite from the hard-won gold medal hanging around his neck . But why do athletes feign chomping on their prized medallions , anyway ? Most likely to satisfy the pose-hungry media , says David Wallechinsky , president of the International Society of Olympic Historians . There are only so many things to do with a medal , and the excited champions are usually appeasing requests from the gallery of Olympic photographers when they bite down on their booty . "  It 's become an obsession with the photographers , " says Wallechinsky , co-author of "  The Complete Book of the Olympics . " "  I think they look at it as an iconic shot , as something that you can probably sell . I do n't think it 's something the athletes would probably do on their own . " He 's seeing the practice more this year than ever before , especially among swimmers -- though he has no idea why . Gallery : Sobbing Olympians of the 2012 "  crying games " Photogs have caught star gymnast Gabby Douglas , track champ Sanya Richards-Ross and swimmer Ryan Lochte giving their medals some tooth . Lochte 's shots sometimes feature the added bonus of a jewel-encrusted "  grill . " It 's not just an Olympic phenomenon , though . Spanish tennis player Rafael Nadal famously gnaws his trophies when he wins . Historically , the practice of biting into metal seems to have its roots in money counterfeiting . Money handlers would bite down on coins to test their authenticity , said David W. Lange of Numismatic Guaranty Corporation . Gold is a relatively soft metal and would show wear when distressed . They nailed it ! Fans pay artistic tribute to Olympics Since coins have not contained precious metals for about the past 50 years , it would be silly to try munching on them nowadays . So how much of an Olympic gold medal is actually gold ? It varies by the Games . This year , the gold medal consists of 1.34 % , or about 6 grams , of gold . The remainder is 93 % silver and 6 % copper . The amount of gold used to make a medal shrunk after each of the two World Wars , according to Olympic medal collector and expert Jim Greensfelder . Gold medals were made of solid gold at three Olympics -- in 1904 , 1908 and 1912 -- but the medals themselves were smaller . Complete coverage : Olympics 2012 Would you bite your medal if you were a winning Olympian ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Olympians sometimes pretend to bite their medals while posing for pictures Olympics expert David Wallechinsky says photographers request the pose Money handlers used to bite coins to verify their authenticity , one expert says Gold medals for the 2012 Olympics contain only 1.34 % gold , about 6 grams
CNN  -- Barcelona notched up the pressure on La Liga leaders Real Madrid with a 4-0 home win over Getafe as Alexis Sanchez scored twice on the day that the Spanish club 's defender Eric Abidal had a liver transplant . Tuesday 's victory left the defending champions a single point behind their archrivals , who face a testing derby match at Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . It was Barcelona 's 10th straight league win , and put Josep Guardiola equal second on the club 's all-time La Liga victories list with 112 as coach , matching Frank Rijkaard . Johan Cruyff has the record of 183 wins from 306 games as coach , but Guardiola has the highest winning percentage of 76.8 % from 146 league outings , losing only 10 times in four seasons . Guardiola dedicated the victory to Abidal , who had his surgery about a year after having a tumor removed from the same organ . . "  We 're very pleased to be able to dedicate this victory to Abidal and his cousin Gerard . It 's a special day because we knew that he was in surgery , " Guardiola said . "  We 're very pleased because it 's never easy against such a defensive team . We found our patience , and we scored fairly early , we created goalscoring chances ... we controlled the match . It 's very difficult to attack a team that defends with nine players . " Sanchez opened the scoring in the 13th minute after being put through by Lionel Messi . Argentina star Messi got on the scoresheet himself just before halftime with Chile forward Sanchez adding his second in the 73rd minute , while Pedro rounded off the scoring a minute later to complete the rout . Supporters in the Nou Camp paid a special tribute to the 32-year-old Abidal in the 22nd minute of the match -- the same number as his squad shirt . Barcelona announced on March 15 that Abidal would have a liver transplant "  in the coming weeks . " Last year he made a remarkable recovery from his cancer removal and helped Barcelona lift the European Champions League trophy after beating Manchester United in the final . The France international had made 20 appearances for Barcelona this season before news emerged of his impending operation . In Tuesday 's other action , Osasuna consolidated sixth place with a 2-0 win over Espanyol that lifted the Pamplona-based club four points clear of their opponents and Atletico . Real Sociedad drew 1-1 at home to Real Betis , a result which left both teams comfortably clear of the relegation zone .	Barcelona beat Getafe 4-0 in the Nou Camp in La Liga match Reigning champions close to within a point of Real Madrid at top Alexis Sanchez scores twice for Barcelona with Lionel Messi also on target Barcelona star Eric Abidal undergoing liver transplant as match takes place
Washington  CNN  -- Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer made clear Tuesday she 's not worried about a potential legal challenge from the Obama administration over her state 's controversial immigration law . "  We 'll meet you in court , " Brewer told CNN ' when asked how she would respond if President Barack Obama 's Department of Justice decided to challenge the law . "  I have a pretty good record of winning in court . " The American Civil Liberties Union is currently leading a court challenge . Attorney General Eric Holder , who met with a delegation of police chiefs from Arizona and elsewhere this week to discuss the law , has yet to indicate whether the federal government would file a legal challenge . Obama , who has called the law "  misguided , " will meet with Brewer at the White House on Thursday , a White House official told CNN . It will be the first one-on-one meeting between the two since Brewer approved the law in April . The new immigration law , implemented last month , allows police officers to check the residency status of anyone who is being investigated for a crime or possible legal infraction if there is reasonable suspicion the person is an illegal resident . Critics , including Holder , have said the law will promote racial profiling . But Brewer said Tuesday the law does not target an individual 's specific race . She also made clear driver 's licenses are not sufficient to prove citizenship . "  It would n't matter if you are Latino or Hispanic or Norwegian , " she said . "  If you did n't have proof of citizenship and the police officer had reasonable suspicion , he would ask and verify your citizenship . I mean , that 's the way that it is . That 's what the federal law says . And that 's what the law in Arizona says . " Brewer strongly defended the law , saying she would not suspend it even if Obama sharply increased the number of U.S. troops at the Mexican border . iReport : Share your view on the Arizona law The Arizona governor also said the White House has not adequately communicated with her about Obama 's recently announced plan to dispatch 1,200 National Guard troops to the border . "  I 'm sitting here with no good information . It would be very helpful , I might say , if somebody would give me something in writing telling me what they 're sending to Arizona , how will it be distributed ? " she said . CNN 's Alex Mooney and Ed Henry contributed to this report	Arizona governor to meet Thursday with President Barack Obama Gov. Jan Brewer defends her state 's controversial immigration law Brewer says she 'll ask Obama to tighten border security
CNN  -- It was over seven months ago , but Antonio Plaza Orozco clearly remembers when he was struck by the butt of the AK-47 and feeling the heat of the gunman 's breath as he hissed : "  I will cut your neck , I will throw you overboard . " Orozco was the senior crewman aboard the Mattheos 1 when it was boarded by nearly a dozen pirates off the west coast of Africa . When the leader of the pirates asked for the highest ranking crewman , Orozco stepped forward only to be kicked and beaten . Orozco , who had been a seafarer for 22 of his 52 years of life , believed he was about to die . For eleven days the multi-national crew of 25 , including 14 Filipinos , were held hostage , but thankfully their lives were spared . During those difficult days Orozco thought back to a simple eight-hour training course he took at the Philippine Transmarine Carriers . The course was a simple one involving simulations and classroom sessions that focused on dangers at sea , including surviving a hostage situation . That course is mandatory for all seafarers by the Philippine government . A third of all international seafarers are Filipino , which also makes them the largest group of hostages at sea . "  I remember , make friends with  the pirates  , " says Orozco . "  Do n't make war . Be friends with them . "  Everyday I say , ` My brother , my brother , please do n't kill us . Please , I have family also . My son is in school . ' One of the pirates , I think he 's a Christian , so we make a bible study . " Those odd moments of a Catholic hostage studying the bible with his pirate captor , is what Orozco believes led to his and his crew 's survival . On September 24th , eleven days after their ordeal began , the pirates took as much cargo and money as they could carry and took off . Orozco credits the anti-piracy course for his survival , but the Philippine Seafarer 's Union , the country 's second largest union of seafarers , says the course is simply not enough . "  Anti-piracy training is not totally the solution , " said union head Melchor Villanueva . The union believes what 's really needed is a naval escort or private armed security on-board . The union readily admits the Philippine 's navy is too poorly financed to even consider a naval escort for every citizen at sea , but wants the vessels ' country of origin to provide the protection . The union knows that it 's an empty call to action , asking other governments to protect foreign workers aboard ships in international waters . What the union wo n't do is urge its members to stop working at sea , even in the regions where pirates readily take seafarers hostage . The reason is that life at sea pays far better than a job on Philippine soil : 40 % of Filipinos live on less than two dollars a day , while the starting salary for seafarers like Orozco is $ 1,500 a month . Thirty-year-old Reydomingo Nuval was on the same ship as Orozco , and says he will go back to sea because he needs to support his family . "  Going abroad as a Filipino , it 's better . The salary there , we can not find here . So by going abroad , you can easily build up your dreams , have a house , own a car , support your family and send your kids to a good school . " "  If I get hurt , it 's a part of life , " he adds .	One third of all seafarers on international vessels are from the Philippines Perils of being taken hostage or killed by pirates a very real threat Those who have survived hostage situation say they will return to the sea Pay for sailors is far higher than for many in the Philippines
CNN  Think you need a passport to explore high art , exotic beaches and incredible natural wonders ? Not so . In a country of nearly 4 million square miles , there are plenty of new adventures for travelers right here in the United States . Lonely Planet 's top 10 U.S. destinations for 2015 list includes cities marking important anniversaries , wide open natural spaces and hidden city gems that will soon be popular . "  I hope this list will excite travelers to explore places they had n't thought about going , " said Regis St. Louis , author of Lonely Planet 's USA guide and contributor to the "  Best in the U.S. " list . "  We have both surprising places on the list and places people have heard buzz about . " Lonely Planet editors hope the list will encourage people to explore . "  There are lots of great things happening all over the country , and you should really come out and see it for yourself , " St. Louis said . To compile the annual list , Lonely Planet asks its U.S. staff , authors and contributors to nominate urban and natural spots , popular and lesser known sites , and locations that have something significant happening in 2015 . The staff whittles the list down to the final 10 , and a natural order often emerges , editors say . Americans do n't get as much vacation as Europeans , and we also do n't use all of our vacation . So why not put those days to good use and visit some of Lonely Planet 's top destinations in the U.S. ? Here are the 10 spots that came out on top for 2015 : 1 . Queens , New York 2 . Western South Dakota 3 . New Orleans 4 . Colorado River region 5 . North Conway , New Hampshire 6 . Indianapolis 7 . Greenville , South Carolina 8 . Oakland , California 9 . Duluth , Minnesota 10 . Mount Shasta region , California	More than 100 languages are spoken in Lonely Planet 's top U.S. spot for 2015 South Dakota will celebrate milestones involving buffalo and motorcycles in 2015 One California locale is a spiritual center for many , who visit to take in its natural beauty
Washington  CNN  Sen. Barbara Boxer announced Thursday that she will not run for reelection in 2016 , setting up a big money political battle for her seat in the nation 's most populous state . Boxer , the 74-year-old Democratic junior Senator from California , said that she is not retiring from public life and will continue working on "  the issues that I love " through her political action committee , PAC for a Change . Boxer was first elected to the Senate in 1992 . "  I am never going to retire , " Boxer said . "  The work is too important . " Boxer 's decision sets off one of the most competitive races for a statewide seat in California 's recent history , and the field to replace her began to shape up within hours . The state 's deep bench of Democratic rising stars sets up the prospect of a fierce intra-party fight for the seat . Multiple Democrats on Capitol Hill have already expressed interest , with a source close to Rep. Loretta Sanchez telling CNN she 's keeping the door open to a run but has no time frame for a decision . Rep. John Garamendi also said he would consider it in a statement , and called Boxer an "  outstanding senator and public servant . " "  I have been asked by several people to consider the U.S. Senate because of my years of service in the U.S. Congress and having been elected statewide as Lieutenant Governor and Insurance Commissioner , along with executive experience in the Interior Department . I will consider it , but my first duty is to the people of the 3rd Congressional District , " he said . Others , still , have already taken themselves out of the running . San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer is n't interested , a spokesman said , and Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti , who is considered a strong contender for statewide office in the future , ruled himself out of the race in a statement Thursday . "  The first thing we should do today is thank Senator Barbara Boxer for being a powerful champion for our city , state and nation in the United States Senate , " Garcetti said in a statement . "  I love my job and I love my city and I am committed to the work here . I will not run for Sen. Boxer 's seat . " California Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon also is n't interested , his spokesman said . All eyes have turned to Atty. Gen. Kamala Harris , Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , who all have deep fundraising bases in California and are seen as top contenders for the seat . None have commented on their interest in the race , though both Harris and Newsom issued releases commending Boxer for her decades of service . Both Harris and Newsom have expressed strong interest to their confidantes in running for the U.S. Senate seat , but both are also intrigued by the possibility of running for Governor when Jerry Brown leaves office -- setting up the possibility that they could work out a deal , particularly since they share the same political consultant , California-based strategist Ace Smith . In what was viewed as a tea leaf indicating that possibility , Harris took the surprise role of administering the oath to Newsom on Jan. 5 when he was sworn in for his second term as Lieutenant Governor . California Sen. Dianne Feinstein told reporters in the Capitol on Thursday she thinks there 's "  a high likelihood " that Newsom and Villaraigosa will run , and that she 's heard of a few House members interested in the race as well . But she said California 's jungle primary system -- which pits all candidates , regardless of party , against each other in a first round of voting , with the top two vote-getters proceeding to a faceoff in November -- makes it difficult to peg a frontrunner at this point . "  It 's hard to predict how people do in that kind of race , " she said . Feinstein also noted that because of the size of the state , it 's important for candidates to coalesce support quickly . "  Most candidates do n't realize until they 've run how big the state is and how you have to reach people , " she said . "  It really comes down to media , unfortunately . And that 's the part of it . It 's costly . " Any of those potential candidates could face a formidable challenge from Billionaire Tom Steyer , who spent $ 74 million -- much of it his own money -- trying to sway the midterm elections by engaging voters on climate change without much in the way of results . Other possible contenders include Treasurer John Chiang , Secretary of State Alex Padilla and Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones . "  Every house member looks in the mirror and sees a United States Senator , " said Dan Schnur , executive director of the Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California . "  So there are probably 52 members of Congress in California thinking about running for Boxer 's seat this morning . " While California remains a deep-blue state , and the GOP bench of candidates there is thin , Republicans have floated the prospect of a wide field of Democratic contenders splitting the party 's vote and allowing for a Republican to squeak through the primary to the general . But one of their top prospects , Rep. Darrell Issa , is n't interested in the race , according to a source close to the congressman . He declined to comment on his plans for the race to reporters earlier , but knocked Boxer , commenting that "  the fact that she 's not running does n't change the fact it 's always been a vacant office . " Neither Rep. Ed Royce nor businesswoman Carly Fiorina will run , according to statements from their staff on Thursday . A GOP coup there remains a long shot , and on Thursday Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Chairman Jon Tester thanked Boxer for giving Democrats enough time to line up a credible candidate . "  I appreciate that Senator Boxer has made an early decision , giving us more than enough time to get behind a strong Democratic candidate who will hold this seat , " he said , adding they 're "  confident " they 'll reelect a Democrat to the seat . Boxer explained her decision to not seek re-election in a mock interview with her oldest grandson in a video posted to YouTube . The liberal senator added that she plans to help Democrats ' 2016 candidate for president "  make history . " Boxer has said repeatedly that former Secretary of State Hillary Cllinton should run for president and has fundraised for the Ready For Hillary PAC . She also said she is committed to ensuring her Senate seat stays in the hands of progressive Democrats and is , ultimately , anxious to return to California . The unapologetic liberal was one of her party 's most outspoken advocates on environmental issues and routinely sparred with Republicans as head of the Senate Environment and Public Works committee . But she was also known for forging bipartisan relationships and compromises , and earned the respect of some of the GOP 's most conservative members for her work on transportation and infrastructure issues . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California became emotional during a press conference on Thursday when a reporter asked her about Boxer 's announcement . Pelosi was caught off guard by the question and had n't yet found out . "  It 's funny -- she called me , she said she wanted to talk to me personally . I thought she wanted to maybe to have dinner tonight , " Pelosi said . "  Her leaving will be a great loss to the Congress of the United States , people of California , and to our country . " Pelosi called Boxer , who is just under 5 feet tall "  small in size , but a giant in terms of her contribution . " Pelosi on Boxer retirement : ` What ? ' Boxer emphasized that her age was not a factor in her decision , nor was the hyper-partisan environment that has dominated Washington in recent years . "  When you stand up there and you fight to make sure there 's a strong middle class and you protect a woman 's right to choose and you fight for jobs and a clean environment ... all those things are a fight worth making , " Boxer said in the video . She added that her age was "  definitely not " a factor . "  Some people are old at 40 , some people are young at 80 . I feel as young as I did when I got elected . I was in my 50s , " Boxer said . California 's senior Sen. Dianne Feinstein , also a Democrat , is the oldest current serving member of the Senate . She has not announced her decision on running for reelection in 2018 . Boxer , who apparently has a fondness for rhymes , closed the "  interview " with a few rhymes . "  The Senate is the place where I 've always made my case . For families , for the planet and the human race . More than 20 years in a job I love , thanks to California and the Lord above . So although I wont be working from my senate space and I wont ' be running in that next tough race . As long as there are issues and challenges and strife , I will never retire because that 's the meaning of my life . "	Boxer announced her decision not to run for reelection in 2016 in a YouTube video with her grandson "  I am never going to retire , " Boxer said . "  The work is too important . " Boxer said she will work to elect the Democratic presidential candidate in 2016 and "  make history . " She supports Hillary Clinton House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was caught off guard by the news at a press conference and became emotional
EW.com  -- Universal announced at its CinemaCon presentation today that it plans to produce a "  Pitch Perfect " sequel that would hit theaters sometime in 2015 . The reveal does n't come as too much of a surprise to anyone who 's been paying attention . ` Pitch Perfect ' cast reunites for MTV Movie Awards opener "  Pitch Perfect " earned $ 112 million worldwide against a slight $ 17 million budget , and in the months since its theatrical run has kept hitting new high notes . According to Universal , the film has earned over $ 90 million across all home market platforms , and it currently stands as the studio 's third highest-grossing VOD title ever behind blockbusters "  Ted " and "  Bridesmaids . " On top of that , the "  Pitch Perfect " soundtrack has sold over 636,000 copies and spawned a hit single â $ " complete with its own music video -- with Anna Kendrick 's "  Cups . " Anna Kendrick mugs her way through a diner in new ` Cups ' video Kay Cannon , who penned "  Pitch Perfect , " will write the screenplay for the sequel , but no other cast or crew have been revealed as of yet . Still , given the cast 's recent MTV Movie Awards reunion  which , notably , excluded star Anna Kendrick  , it 's safe to assume that most of the major players will be back for a second round of choral comedy . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Universal is planning a ` Pitch Perfect ' sequel It 's expected to arrive sometime in 2015 The news is n't surprising , considering the film 's $ 112 million worldwide gross
CNN  -- A Texas produce distributor has recalled nearly 7,000 cases of cilantro and curly parsley after samples in Quebec , Canada , and Michigan tested positive for salmonella , the company said Monday . The latest recall comes days after dozens of people fell sick after consuming bacteria-tainted alfalfa sprouts in an apparently unrelated situation . The "  precautionary , voluntary recall " announced Monday pertains to cilantro and parsley from J&D Produce , Inc. , packed between November 30 and December 6 , the Edinburg , Texas-based company said in a statement . Cilantro and parsley processed and branded as Little Bear between those dates can be taken to retailers for a full refund . No one has reported getting sick from eating the vegetables , according to J&D Produce . Also Monday , the Food and Drug Administration announced a source of a salmonella outbreak that had sickened at least 89 people in 15 states and the District of Columbia . Health officials said those first cases became known November 1 , with many getting ill after eating alfalfa sprouts in products from Jimmy John 's Gourmet Sandwiches outlets . The FDA said Monday that those vegetables came from Tiny Greens Organic Farm . Tiny Greens ' alfalfa sprouts and spicy sprouts  which have alfalfa sprouts plus radish and clover sprouts  were distributed in 4-ounce and 5-pound containers to farmers ' markets , grocery stores and restaurants including Jimmy John 's . In addition to a variety of sprouts , the Urbana , Illinois , produce company distributes arugula , broccoli , fennel , cauliflower , onion , radish and other items , according to its website . In a letter to Jimmy John 's franchisees , founder Jimmy John Liautaud said that the chain had pulled sprouts from all its Illinois establishments after store locations came up negative for the bacteria . About 23 % of those sickened in that outbreak were hospitalized , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said last Thursday . No deaths have been linked to the outbreak . The FDA said Monday that the sprouts were distributed in Indiana , Iowa , Missouri and possibly other Midwestern states , with roughly half the illnesses occurring in Illinois . The separate J&D Produce recall , meanwhile , came after independent tests found salmonella on the company 's parsley in Quebec and its cilantro in Detroit , Michigan , both of which came from the same processing line in Texas . The company 's products are sold retail as well as to wholesalers , who may then distribute them to restaurants and other establishments , according to Sharon McNerney , a public relations consultant for the company . The recall involves 2,498 cases of the parsley -- which have expiration dates 12 days after being packed -- that went out to the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario and the U.S. states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Texas , Washington and Wisconsin . The 4,411 recalled cases of cilantro , carrying the same packing and expiration dates , were distributed in Colorado , Illinois , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Texas , Washington and Wisconsin as well as Quebec and Ontario After the positive results , regulators and health officials in the United States and Canada have stepped up inspections of J&D Produce 's facilities , the company 's president , James Bassetti , said . They also undertook other measures , including stopping and sanitizing all production lines , adding manual inspections , rinsing products more and bringing in consultants . "  We have a good track record , but we 'll bring our expectations and standards to even higher levels , " he said . "  We 've already begun improving our systems . " In addition to cilantro and parsley , the Texas company gathers , packs and distributes a variety of fruits and vegetables such as carrots , limes , eggplants , peppers , greens , onions , melons , mangos and asparagus , according to its website . Those with questions can call J&D Produce at 956-380-0353 . Salmonella is a bacterial infection that usually lasts four to seven days . About 40,000 cases of salmonellosis are reported each year in the United States , according to the CDC . Those who get it typically develop fever , abdominal cramps and diarrhea between 12 and 72 hours after becoming infected . Most people recover on their own , without needing significant treatment . But salmonella in very young and very old people , as well as those with weakened immune systems , can lead to severe illness and even death . The CDC recommends that anyone suspecting he or she may be ill from eating contaminated food should talk to a doctor .	NEW : A recall of parsley and cilantro affects 14 states and 2 Canadian provinces No one has reported getting ill eating the Little Bear branded items , the company says Separately , the FDA calls Tiny Greens Organic Farm a source of a alfalfa salmonella outbreak That outbreak first appeared on November 1 , with many cases traced to a sandwich chain
CNN  -- Typhoon Vongfong weakened Saturday but still tossed intense rain and waves at the Japanese island of Okinawa , including the major U.S. military base there . The storm 's sustained winds dropped Saturday to about 75 knots  86 miles per hour  from earlier sustained highs on Friday of 155 knots  178 mph  , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . That makes it equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane . Track the storm Military news reports warned U.S. personnel assigned to Kadena Air Base to expect damaging winds of 57 mph or greater through 9 a.m. Sunday . "  For your own safety stay indoors and continue to shelter in place until given instruction otherwise , " Armed Forces Network Okinawa posted on Facebook . Marine Gunnery Sgt. Brian Griffin provided CNN with an iReport containing video shot by military videographers showing palm trees lashed by intense winds and rain . "  It is an intense storm and we have been inside for the past 26 hours , " he said . "  The island is well prepared for the storm . Housing is constructed with these storms in mind and base residents listened to military officials when instructed to prepare their homes for this storm . " The storm is predicted to make landfall on the Japanese mainland islands Sunday or Monday , bringing the threat of gale-force winds , high waves and storm surges on Kyushu and Shikoku islands especially , according to the Japan Meteorological Agency . The storm comes on the heels of Typhoon Phanfone , which swept over southern Japan earlier this week , washing three U.S. airmen -- out to sea on Okinawa . U.S. and Japanese search crews found the last airman 's body on Wednesday , according to a press release issued by authorities at Kadena .	Vongfong pours intense rain on Okinawa Winds weaken , but warnings still remain for southern Japan It 's expected to make landfall on the mainland sometime Sunday or Monday
Baghdad  CNN  -- Some Christians in Iraq 's capital were considering leaving , following a wave of bombings targeting members of their religion that left two dead and 16 others wounded . "  I am 60 years old and I gave a lot to this country , but this tough situation is like a message asking me to leave my country , " said Kiyour Kizarab , the male head of a Christian family whose house was targeted Thursday in central Baghdad . "  If these attacks will continue , and the government ca n't stop them , then I do n't think we will have a future here . " The strikes appeared to be coordinated because they all took place within an hour , an Interior Ministry official said . Explosives were left outside and in the gardens of 14 homes in six neighborhoods across Iraq 's sprawling capital . Among the homes targeted by improvised explosive devices was one Muslim dwelling that was picked because it had a Christmas tree inside , the male head of the family , Ibrahim Sharba , told CNN . The assaults mirrored the early-morning bombings of Christian homes in Baghdad on November 10 . There were two explosions in the east , in New Baghdad ; two in Yarmouk ; six in the central Baghdad district of Karrada ; two in the southern region of Dora ; and one each in al-Saydia and Al-Ameriya , the official said . The violence is the latest targeting the Christian minority in Iraq , which has a predominantly Muslim population . One of the deadliest attacks came October 31 , when militants stormed the Sayidat al-Nejat Cathedral , or Our Lady of Salvation Church , in Baghdad . Some 70 people died and 75 others , including 51 congregants and two priests , were wounded . The violence has prompted a "  slow but steady exodus " of thousands of Christians from Baghdad and Mosul , the U.N. refugee agency said recently . Before the 2003 U.S.-led invasion , Christians were estimated to number 1.4 million in Iraq , but the violence and persecution that followed drove nearly half of them out . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Baghdad and Mosul Christians have headed to other destinations in Iraq , including the Kurdish region and the Nineveh Plains , which have a strong Christian presence . "  We have heard many accounts of people fleeing their homes after receiving direct threats . Some were able to take only a few belongings with them , " the agency said in a statement . "  Churches and NGOs -LSB- nongovernmental organizations -RSB- are warning us to expect more people fleeing in the coming weeks . " U.N. offices in Syria , Jordan and Lebanon are reporting a growing number of Iraqi Christian arrivals . Many Christians in Iraq said they toned down their Christmas celebrations this year because of threats by militants in recent weeks . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	The attacks targeted 14 homes across Baghdad Thursday The strikes appeared to be coordinated Attacks like these have generated fear among Iraqi Christians
CNN  -- Still scarred by last year 's devastating Super Typhoon Haiyan , residents of the Philippines rushed Friday to stock up supplies and take cover ahead of another potentially catastrophic storm . Super Typhoon Hagupit , known locally as Ruby , is expected to make landfall Saturday evening , according to PAGASA , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration . It is approaching the Philippines from the western Pacific Ocean and is projected to make landfall on the Eastern Samar or Northern Samar province . The storm is expected to skirt north of the city of Tacloban , which was devastated by Haiyan last year . Officials in the coastal city of Legazpi expect to evacuate an estimated 75,000 people ahead of Typhoon Hagupit , Mayor Noel Rosal told CNN on Friday . "  There 's a danger that there will be heavy rains for about four hours and I am very , very worried at this moment , " Rosal said . INTERACTIVE : See the latest satellite and path of the storm The storm lost , then regained , super typhoon status Friday . By Friday night , it was packing potentially devastating sustained winds of 240 kilometers per hour  150 miles per hour  , with even stronger gusts . Most forecasters predict the storm will move northwest through the island nation after landfall , passing south of the capital city of Manila . PAGASA projects that the storm will exit the country on Wednesday . Hagupit , the name used by World Meteorological Organization , means "  lash " in Filipino . How Tacloban is coping Fears over effects of the storm With the storm fast approaching , authorities are not only worried about the typhoon itself , but the effects of the fierce winds , possible flooding and storm surge . PAGASA warned of intense rainfall , warning of rainfall between 7.5 and 20 millimeters per hour and rough seas . It also warned of storm surge that could reach up to 5 meters  16 feet  high . Last year , Haiyan 's massive storm surge caught many people off guard as it roared in off the Gulf of Leyte , splintering buildings and tossing large ships onto dry land . Tacloban Mayor Alfred Romualdez said they 're better prepared this year , having learned the lessons of Haiyan a year ago . Residents are taking the storm warnings very seriously and most people have fled the city , he told CNN . The ferocious storm obliterated homes , smashed entire neighborhoods into tangled heaps of debris . More than 6,000 people were killed last year .	NEW : Storm regains super typhoon status Super Typhoon Hagupit expected to make landfall Saturday night One city expects to evacuate 75,000 ahead of storm Forecasts predict it will skirt north Tacloban , devastated last year by Haiyan
CNN  -- The movement to stop a horrific new Taliban-like penal code in Brunei is growing . On Tuesday , I spoke at a rally organized by the Feminist Majority Foundation to demand that the sultan of Brunei immediately rescind the new law that includes the stoning to death of gay men and lesbians and the public flogging of women . These "  kill-a-gay " laws or laws that allow the brutal whipping of women for abortions violate international law and have no place in civilized society . My husband , Jay Leno , said it clearly at the rally : "  What year is it , 1814 or 2014 ? " As a board member of the Feminist Majority Foundation , I fought to stop the Taliban in Afghanistan . When no one else was paying attention , we were there , exposing the Taliban 's reign of terror and the special viciousness it reserved for women and girls . We built a strong , diverse , unrelenting movement against the Taliban and helped Afghan women rally against gender apartheid . We fought the Taliban then , and we will fight these Taliban-like laws now . There is no room for compromise . We are talking about people being stoned to death . We are talking about people being flogged . As we saw all too recently in Afghanistan , flogging can lead to death or paralysis . This is cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment for actions that no one should dare call "  crimes . " No one should be killed for who they are or whom they love . Women should not be abused for making their own health decisions . The Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights has expressed deep concern about this new penal code and has stated unequivocally that the Brunei law violates international law and human rights . Now that the sultan of Brunei has announced that the law will begin to be phased in , the United States and the United Nations must condemn the Brunei government . And if Brunei fails to rescind this gruesome law , the U.N. should investigate whether Brunei should be allowed to remain a member of that body , a privilege it has had since 1984 . I pledge to do my part . The Feminist Majority Foundation pulled its annual Global Women 's Rights Awards , an event that Jay and I co-chair every year , from the Beverly Hills Hotel -- a Dorchester Collection property owned by the Brunei Investment Agency . The agency is managed by the Brunei Ministry of Finance , which is controlled by the sultan . We simply could not hold women 's rights event at a hotel whose owner blatantly violates basic human rights . We have also joined with LGBT rights groups and other women 's right groups to protest this draconian new penal code . Although the law is being styled as a "  religious " law , we see here , as we saw in Afghanistan , that religion has little to do with it . This is about a dictatorship using terror tactics to control the population . And we ca n't stand for that . The sultan announced last week that he would phase in the new penal code over three years -- and the first phase , which includes fines and prison sentences , went into effect May 1 . The second phase includes corporal punishment such as amputations and flogging women who have abortions . The stoning to death of gay men and lesbians is slated for the third phase . But we can stop it . We 've done it before , and you can help . The Feminist Majority Foundation has launched a massive petition drive and social media campaign using the hashtag #StopTheSultan , calling on the government of Brunei to rescind the code and asking the United Nations to take action . Sign the petition , and then spread the word . We want everyone to know about this outrageous penal code . For human rights and dignity , it must be changed . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Mavis Leno led the protest of the Beverly Hills Hotel , linked to sultan of Brunei Brunei recently implemented laws punishing those found guilty of homosexuality or adultery Punishments call for flogging of women who have abortions , stoning of gay men and lesbians Organization 's #StopTheSultan demanding Brunei rescind the laws , seeking U.N. action
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Samsung Electronics ' tablet computer , the Galaxy Tab , will be available to consumers in Australia in the coming days , after the South Korean electronics giant scored a victory against Apple in a legal battle that had blocked the product from going on sale . The Australian High Court denied Apple 's appeal to an earlier court ruling that overturned an injunction placed on Samsung 's Galaxy Tab 10.1 citing violation of its patent . The recent ruling is expected to give Samsung a stronger footing in a legal battle it is involved in with Apple in several countries across the world , including the United States . Samsung welcomed the court 's decision and said the Galaxy Tab 10.1 will be ready for sale in Australia in time for the Christmas shopping season . "  The Full Court of Australia decision on November 30 clearly affirmed our view that Apple 's claims lack merit and that an injunction should not have been imposed on the Galaxy Tab 10.1 , " Samsung said in a news release , referring to the earlier ruling that lifted the injunction . Apple claims that Samsung 's newer Galaxy Tab 10.1 copies the iPad 's look and infringes upon its design patents . "  It 's no coincidence that Samsung 's latest products look a lot like the iPhone and iPad , from the shape of the hardware to the user interface and even the packaging . This kind of blatant copying is wrong and , as we 've said many times before , we need to protect Apple 's intellectual property when companies steal our ideas , " according to a statement from Apple . Apple recently was denied a preliminary injunction on several of Samsung 's mobile phones and tablets in America by a San Jose court . The South Korean electronics giant said it is confident that it can prove the distinctiveness of its mobile products when the two companies battle it out in court next year . Samsung separately filed a complaint back in June with the United States International Trade Commission claiming Apple has violated five patents related to wireless communications standards and mobile device user interface . The South Korean company requested a permanent exclusion order that would block the entry of all Apple products in question , including the iPad and iPhone series , into the United States .	The Australian High Court denied Apple 's appeal to an earlier court decision Samsung says Galaxy Tab will be ready for sale in Australia in time for the Christmas Apple claims that Samsung 's newer Galaxy Tab 10.1 copies the iPad
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Sir Run Run Shaw , the media tycoon who helped bring Chinese martial arts films to an international audience , died at his home in Hong Kong on Tuesday at the age of 106 , the television station he founded said on Tuesday . Television Broadcasts Limited  TVB  said in a statement that the centenarian would be sadly missed : "  Although we knew this day will come , no words can adequately express our sorrow and lessen our sense of a profound loss , " it said . With his elder brother , Runme , Shaw co-founded one of the world 's largest film studios , Shaw Brothers . The company has produced around 1,000 movies since 1958 , and helped launch the careers of star actors and directors from across Asia . At its peak , in the 1960s and 1970s , the studios were making more than 40 films a year , according to a biography by film history writers Zhan Youpeng and Lan Chao . "  The Shaw brothers -- they created the martial arts action genre and made it huge . And it 's been copied ever since , " said Patrick Frater , Asia bureau chief at industry publication Variety . Shaw also has credits on several U.S. films , including Ridley Scott 's "  Blade Runner . " He was born in 1907 in the city of Ningbo , near Shanghai in China , although there is some confusion about his exact date of birth , Frater said . He was the youngest of six children fathered by a successful textile merchant . In the 1920s , he joined his brother Runje in Singapore in an effort to establish a market for Chinese-language films in Southeast Asia , according to a Hong Kong Film Archive chronology . By 1939 , they had opened 139 cinemas across the region . "  Run Run Shaw was there at the beginning of the century when cinema first took off , " Frater said . After World War II , Shaw moved to Hong Kong and began concentrating on film production , opening a world-class studio called Movie Town in 1961 . Six years later , he co-founded Hong Kong 's first free-to-air station , TVB . The network remains one of the world 's most influential Chinese-language broadcasters . Shaw was a generous philanthropist , especially in the education sector . The Shaw Prize , an international science award that he established , has become known as the "  Nobel of the East . " The media mogul was knighted by the Queen in 1977 . Shaw received Hong Kong 's highest honor award , the Grand Bauhinia Medal , in 1998 , after the territory returned to Chinese rule . He remained involved in Hong Kong 's media industry well into his later years , retiring as chairman of the television station , TVB , only in 2011 at the age of 104 . Shaw is survived by his wife , Mona Fong , and four children . People we lost in 2014 CNN 's Katie Hunt contributed to this report .	Hong Kong media mogul Run Run Shaw has died at age 106 Shaw 's studios were instrumental in building Asia 's film industry He helped establish Hong Kong 's first free-to-air television broadcaster Shaw gave generously to philanthropic causes , especially education
CNN  -- Amid public outrage over government corruption , unemployment and a lack of basic services , Iraq 's parliament approved the appointments of eight new ministers to the Cabinet on Sunday -- but key security posts remain empty . The lawmakers greenlighted candidates tapped by Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki for ministries that include electricity , trade and municipalities . The first female minister was approved for the Cabinet to oversee women 's affairs . Candidates for the ministries of defense , interior and national security have not been named , though parliamentary speaker Osama al-Nujaifi told his colleagues that al-Maliki promised to submit nominees for those posts in the coming days . Meanwhile , hundreds of angry demonstrators took to the streets of Ramadi -- about 100 kilometers west of Baghdad -- on Sunday , protesting against the government 's inability to provide basic services . Similar demonstrations have been held across Iraq in recent weeks , inspired by uprisings in Tunisia , Egypt and other countries in the region . In December , after nearly a year fraught with political infighting , the parliament voted to approve al-Maliki 's new government , despite the vacancies . The long-awaited legislative action came more than nine months after a hotly disputed national election that threatened to inflame the country 's deep sectarian tensions . The government composition is inclusive of Iraq 's major ethnic and sectarian groups , brought together by a fragile U.S.-backed power sharing deal agreed on in November . But it is clear that sectarianism remains , as the posts were divided along ethnic and sectarian lines . The prime minister has three deputies -- a Shiite , a Kurd , and a Sunni Arab , representing the three largest entities in Iraq . Saleh al-Mutlaq , who has been one of al-Maliki 's critics , is the Sunni deputy . He had been barred from politics because of alleged ties to the Baathist party , the outlawed political movement of late Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein . Parliament lifted that ban in December . On Sunday , the parliament failed to hold a vote on three vice presidents under the power-sharing deal after some lawmakers had reservations on a Shiite candidate . At the end of 2011 , the United States is set to withdraw all of its troops from Iraq as part of a bilateral agreement with the Baghdad government . It is too soon to predict whether that will happen or whether the United States and Iraq will negotiate an agreement to keep some U.S. soldiers there after next year .	Security posts in Cabinet remain unfilled Protesters have rallied in recent weeks over lack of basic services Al-Maliki 's new government was approved in December
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho might be feeling the pressure at Real Madrid , but the world 's most famous soccer coach has taken time out to help a man from a tiny island nation who fully understands the importance of high-intensity decision-making . In one life , Lucio Antunes is an air traffic controller . In another , he is coach of the Cape Verde national football team , which this weekend will play at the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time . "  Mourinho is very friendly with the President of Cape Verde so when we qualified , the President spoke to him -- and Mourinho then invited me to Real Madrid for one week , " Antunes told CNN 's Human to Hero series . Mourinho is known as "  the Special One , " a winner of major trophies at top clubs such as Real , Inter Milan , Chelsea and Porto in his native Portugal . He is one of the most sought-after coaches in world football despite his team 's difficulties in Spain this season . Antunes is being hailed as Cape Verde 's very own tactical magician , having in October guided the "  Blue Sharks " through the final stages of the African qualification process for the first time since the country earned independence from Portugal in 1975 . "  There is only one ` Special One , ' " laughs Antunes . "  He is fantastic , very intelligent and has a big heart -- it was a pleasure to meet him . "  I attended five training sessions and two matches , talked tactics with both Mourinho and some of the players , but the main thing I learned was his clarity in terms of his communication with his squad and technical staff . " The 46-year-old expects to return to the control tower at the international airport on the island of Sal after his stint as national coach ends , having taken time off his day job . He had to employ all his skills to take the islanders through a qualifying route that climaxed with a two-leg clash against Cameroon 's Indomitable Lions -- four-time winners of the African trophy , and led by one of the world 's leading players , Samuel Eto'o . "  In air traffic control , we have to think very fast and take decisions very quickly -- there is no time to wait , " Antune says . "  There is a lot of pressure in air traffic control because there are a lot of planes . But the air traffic controller skills help me with coaching because I am also working with a lot of pressure in football as well . " He was appointed national team boss in July 2010 , having worked as assistant coach for the previous year . He also led the nation 's under-21 team to success at the 2009 Lusophony Games for Portuguese-speaking countries . "  It is far easier to be a football coach than an air traffic controller because you have enormous responsibility when there are so many planes flying around , " Antune says . A fine all-round sportsman in his youth , he played for leading local football side Sporting Clube da Praia , competing in a league spread over nine of the 10 islands -- with a population of just half a million -- that make up Cape Verde 's archipelago . But in 1990 , a year when the islands ' unemployment rate hit a high of 20 % , Antunes -- who has also represented his country at basketball and table tennis -- leapt at the chance to train as an air traffic controller . Continuing his work while also playing football , Antunes went on to play for the national team , as did his father and all four his of brothers -- one of whom enjoyed a successful professional career in Portugal . One of the biggest challenges -- and ironies -- of his dual career is that the football federation 's limited coffers mean the air traffic controller has been unable to fly to Europe to watch those expatriate players who have come on board for Cape Verde 's continental mission . Over the years , the emigration from the islands has been so great that the number of Cape Verdeans and their descendants living overseas now exceeds the population of those at home , so Antunes is forced to use the very simplest of methods to follow his footballers ' form . "  We have no money to fly to Europe -- as it 's very expensive -- so this makes my job very hard , " he says . "  So if players are playing for their European team , then we believe that they are good -- and then they come to the national team . Otherwise , we just watch on TV or on DVDs that we have been sent . " After achieving independence as a nation , Cape Verde had to wait 17 years before winning a competitive match . Team captain Fernando Maria Neves , known as Nando , sometimes has to pinch himself to realize the Sharks will be performing on Africa 's biggest stage . The 34-year-old defender , who won his first cap back in 2002 , has played club football in Tunisia , Qatar , Czech Republic and France , but this is a career highlight . "  To qualify my team is something special , " Nando told CNN . "  It 's a gift , first of all to even get to the Africa Cup of Nations , but then to open the tournament , I do n't think there is something better than this . " Cape Verde will take on host nation South Africa in Saturday 's first match in Johannesburg , and will also play Angola and 1976 champions Morocco in their Group A matches . Despite the team 's lack of resources in the face of such experienced opposition , Nando says his team will be inspired by a sheer love of the game . "  Football in the Cape Verde is the same as religion . Everybody likes football in Cape Verde . Here it 's first you must go to church , after that you must play football . " And Antunes is fully aware of his team 's responsibility to meet the aspirations of the Cape Verde fans . "  We recognize the effort the country has made to support us , so we will do our best to repay our country , " he said . Cape Verde 's touchdown at the tournament should certainly be eased by having Antunes at their helm , no matter what turbulence the debutants may encounter on their maiden flight into the unknown .	An air traffic controller coaches Cape Verde 's national soccer team Lucio Antunes has steered the football minnows to the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations He has been dubbed Cape Verde 's "  Special One " for his achievements Antunes will return to the air traffic control tower when his coaching role ends
CNN  -- A month of intense competition reaches its climax Sunday when either the Netherlands or Spain will make history by claiming its first ever World Cup title . Hours before kickoff at Johannesburg 's Soccer City Stadium the drone of vuvuzelas could be heard thousands of miles away at Amsterdam 's Museumsplein , where some 200,000 fans are expected to watch the match . Supporters milled in the streets wearing the national color orange as construction workers fitted the final nuts and bolts to television screens erected around a vast lawn . Towering above them was a poster of Queen Beatrix 's grand-daughter blowing a vuvuzela . Anticipation was also thick in the air in Spain , where hundreds of fans , decked out in red and yellow , arrived early in Madrid 's main boulevard to reserve a spot to watch the action on four huge television screens . Rather than vuvuzelas , fans brandished small trumpets known as "  pitos " or whistles . The pitos joined the cacophony of singing , chanting and tooting of car horns as children milled about with painted faces . Writing in Spain 's largest circulation daily El Pais , Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Zapatero called Sunday "  the most glorious day in the history of Spanish football . " It is the first time the two nations have clashed at a World Cup finals . Spain is appearing in its first World Cup final . The Netherlands has been there twice before , but has lost both times -- 2-1 to West Germany in 1974 and four years later they lost 3-1 to Argentina . On Sunday , at 6.30 p.m. GMT  2.30 p.m. ET  , several hundred million viewers are expected to tune into watch the final game in the month-long competition . Football 's world governing body , FIFA , says this final could set viewing records , not only for the World Cup , but in television history . "  We do n't want to speculate in numbers but we 're hoping this will be the biggest -LSB- event -RSB- ever , " Niclas Ericson , FIFA 's director of television , said in a press conference from Soccer City Stadium , the final 's venue . Around 715 million viewers worldwide watched the Azurri beat France to the title in 2006 . The largest television event to date is thought to be the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympic Games . In 2008 , a global audience of one billion is thought to have watched at least part of the spectacle . Advertisers are n't the only businesses benefiting from the World Cup excitement . Spain 's progression to the final has lifted consumer spirits in the middle of a severe economic crisis where unemployment is running close to 20 percent . Spanish flag sales were up six-fold thanks to the tournament , according to a leading flag maker in Colmenar Viejo , near Madrid . Pablo Verguilla , a store manager in Madrid , told CNN the World Cup had definitely boosted sales of his shirts and Spanish souvenirs . And local media reported about one million official La Roja team jerseys had sold at about 70 euros each , along with an unknown number of cheaper imitation merchandise . Spain 's goalkeeper and captain Iker Casillas was quoted as saying that knowing that people are going through hard times has motivated the team . Fans who spent money to fly to South Africa for the final started converging on Soccer City Stadium hours before the kick off to soak up the atmosphere and the sunny weather at the Soweto-based arena . Dutch fans outnumbered the Spanish by ten-to-one at the southern end of the stadium , with Holland fans living up to their reputation as the "  Orange Army , " with most in attendance dressed head to toe in the national hue . CNN 's Al Goodman , Don Riddell , Diana Magnay , Jonathan Wald , Per Nyberg and Ben Wyatt contributed to this report .	Excitement mounts in the Netherlands , Spain as fans await World Cup final 200,000 expected to watch match in Amsterdam 's Museumsplein Thousands also expected to crowd around four big screens in Madrid Kickoff is at 6.30 p.m. GMT  2.30 p.m. ET  in Soccer City Stadium
CNN  -- It 's just water . Of course it is frozen in the form of ice . Driving on ice is a fool 's errand . On ice it is hard to stop  or start  moving . On ice , vehicle control is difficult at best . You do n't need to be a transportation engineer to know that crashes increase with snow and especially ice , with its reduced friction . The problem is not that Atlanta got snow , but that the snow turned into ice . Should Atlanta have been better prepared ? In retrospect , the answer is obvious . In prospect it should have been as well . While it 's hot in the summer , Atlanta is in the foothills of the Appalachians , not the beaches of the Caribbean . In the past eight decades , it has snowed 4 inches or more 11 times in Atlanta . There are periodic ice storms . According to Weatherspark , the average low temperature in January is 34 degrees F , just above freezing . In other words , half the time in January the daytime low is below 34 . I lived in Atlanta for five years . As a freshman , I remember a cold spell in January 1985 , when Ronald Reagan 's second inauguration was canceled in Washington because of cold , and Georgia Tech , where I was a student , had a delayed opening because it was 8 degrees . So winter is something that leaders should be aware of in Georgia . Atlanta does not get as much snow as Minneapolis , my current home , and where we have stared down a polar vortex , and are now blanketed with about 2 feet of snow . Atlanta is certainly not as cold as Minneapolis , where unusually , school was canceled two days this week , and five days this school year , and we now look at ice planet Hoth  where Luke Skywalker and friends were based at the opening of "  The Empire Strikes Back "  as an improvement . But Atlanta still experiences winter . Atlanta still has access to forecasts from the National Weather Service . This storm was not a surprise . There are several strategies for dealing with ice storms . Officials could have tried to prevent the ice . Unfortunately weather control is not yet very practical . The city and state could have tried to mitigate the ice . There are many techniques for salting and sanding roads that either prevent ice from forming , melt the ice or make it easier to travel on ice . This requires a fleet of vehicles and drivers that are prepared well before the weather event and that continue to be deployed until the roads are cleared . The risk is the city and state spend money on preparations for bad weather that does not come . Such spending is standard operating procedure in northern cities such as Minneapolis , where snow and ice are almost guaranteed , but it may not be worthwhile if the ice is infrequent . Opinion : When 2.6 inches of snow made hell freeze over Atlanta could have tried to avoid the ice . If officials knew ice was coming  and they should have , the weather forecasts were not highly guarded state secrets  , they should have canceled schools and encouraged people to stay home . The risk is you cancel school and it only rains , or the storm changes course . Officials who cancel school , only to see the weather improve , look bad , are considered "  fraidy-cats , " will be mocked by talking heads and Monday morning quarterbacks , and more importantly will have a harder time making the right decision the next time . A real leader is not so insecure . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg warned his city about Sandy despite perhaps being  in retrospect  too conservative in his warnings about Irene . In the end , we should ask : Is missing a day of school , or working from home instead of the office really the end of the world ? Instead what officials in Georgia did was accept the damage  in the form of traffic congestion , crashes , people sleeping in place in their cars and schools instead of at home  caused by the ice . This outcome required no advance preparation or forethought . In fact a debacle of this magnitude required a careful absence of preparation . Worse , everything shut down at once . Dismissals were not coordinated , exacerbating congestion . In the end though , the main problem was not that everyone left work and school at the same time . The problem was they were all there in the first place . In the long term , the Atlanta area could do much more to avoid its routine congestion . But in the short term , if you can not prevent the special congestion caused by the weather , avoid it . Is weather getting weirder ? I do n't know . Is weather getting more predictable ? Most definitely . The science is improving , and the measurements are getting more precise , and there are many more of them , all of which make short-range forecasts very accurate . Our politicians should listen to the scientists sometimes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Levinson .	David Levinson : Atlanta area should have been prepared for the weather He says Atlanta gets little snow , but gets weather forecasts . Storm was not a surprise Officials should have kept people off the roads , Levinson says Levinson : Real leaders are n't insecure about risking such decisions
The leadership of Boko Haram must think they have hit the jackpot . The abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in northeast Nigeria has been denounced by U.S. President Barack Obama and UK Prime Minister David Cameron . That has given them all the publicity they crave . Their movement is now the top item on all global news channels . If , as I suspect , Boko Haram sees itself as a suicide mission to inspire all Muslims to follow them and wage war on the West , they must feel their hour has come . The final battle is about to begin . Bornu state Nigeria is one of the poorest , most neglected parts of the planet . Until recently I would have said the only surplus in that part of Nigeria was its long-suffering Islamic resignation . Now that has turned to anger . And this remote , dry , dusty corner of Nigeria , a place you would only visit on your way to the Sahara Desert , has become the new battleground between militant Islam and the Western world . How ? The answer lies in a very telling comment from John Kerry , the U.S. Secretary of State . The U.S. had , he said repeatedly offered help to Nigeria but it was ignored . Ignored . That is exactly what the Nigerian government 's attitude has been to the northeast for decades -- and to the Boko Haram terrorists until they hit Abuja , the capital . Then there was an attempt to clamp down but the security extended there never reached Maidugri , the capital of Bornu state in the northeast and some 500 miles away from Abuja , the capital , and another 320 miles from Lagos , the commercial megacity of West Africa . So it does n't matter . Just as the kidnapping of more than 200 girls did not elicit any statement from President Goodluck Jonathan until more than two weeks after it happened . Nor do the levels of poverty , unemployment , lack of education and health services and a fast-growing population in the northeast matter to the government of Nigeria . Its income derives from Western oil companies so the government has little democratic relationship with the people of Nigeria . Sixty per cent live in poverty . Boko Haram began as a fundamentalist but not particularly violent movement in 2002 . The killing of its leader , Mohammed Yusuf , while in police custody inspired its members to take up arms against the state . Nigerian police said Yusuf had been shot while trying to escape , but other reports said he had been summarily executed . The police force , which in normal times just collects "  personal fines " from motorists and others for minor transgressions , is too corrupt to protect anyone . Meanwhile the army , trained to fight a conventional war , went in heavily and terrified rather than protected the population . On this day last year Boko Haram attacked a barracks , a prison and a police post in the town of Bama . The military said the group killed 55 people and freed 105 prisoners . Nigeria is used to uprisings . A few years ago the Niger Delta which produces Nigeria 's immense oil wealth , was in flames . Gangs of youths with heavy machine guns killed their rivals and kidnapped oil workers for cash . They too played on the neglect of the local population which could see billions of dollars-worth of oil being sucked out from under their feet while not a single road was being built . The government of Goodluck Jonathan -- himself from the Delta -- now administers an amnesty program under which former militants receive payments to give up their arms . Many of the militants were given jobs in the government and swapped their tee-shirts and bandanas for sharp suits and ties . But there is no such incentive to develop Bornu state . It produces nothing and will not vote for President Jonathan . Unless there is a major political upset , he will serve another four-year term after elections in February next year . The big challenge in Nigeria for the U.S. military and intelligence services is this : if they limit their intervention purely to tracking down and releasing the girls and killing or capturing their Boko Haram kidnappers , they will have a brief success followed by long term failure . No movement like Boko Haram can exist for long without some , at least tacit , support of the local people . And the local people have little to thank the government for . I was on the beach at Mogadishu in 1992 when the Navy Seals stormed ashore followed by waves of Marines . For a few weeks Somalia was quite peaceful , mission accomplished was the message . We wrote positive stories about the restoration of Somalia . The war has continued to this day . Two years later I followed the U.S. Marines into Kuwait and then into Iraq in the first Gulf War . Problem solved , it seemed . And I worked in Northern Ireland in the early 1970s where the British army was always claiming to be on the brink of defeating the IRA . That very attitude simply strengthened them . Have the lessons from Iraq , Afghanistan , Northern Ireland been learned ? Military intervention is tough but easy compared with the long haul of development which must accompany it . The Kanuri people of northeast Nigeria need robust protection , peace and security in the short term but they also need education , health services and livelihoods in the long term . They need to know that the Nigerian government and its American supporters are on their side . Can America provide that ? Or will we see a magnificent charge , lots of shoot-outs and arrests followed by a declaration of peace , the departure of the army and then an even worse uprising two years hence ? The biggest challenge facing Obama and the Americans is the failure of President Goodluck Jonathan to focus on the problems of northeast Nigeria . Together they need to make a long term plan to bring investment to the area , provide health and education services and build institutions . Above all make the people there feel they are part of this booming new Nigerian economy which recently became the biggest in Africa . CNN EXCLUSIVE : Nigerian girl who escaped Boko Haram says she still feels afraid	UK , U.S. have denounced Boko Haram 's abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in Nigeria Richard Dowden says their reaction has given the militant group the publicity it craves Nigeria 's government has long ignored the area where Boko Haram is based , he says He says necessary development there is a bigger task than any military intervention
NAUDERO , Pakistan  CNN  -- Dramatic new videotape of the assassination of former Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto emerged Sunday , showing her slumping just after gunshots ring out . In a video released Sunday , Benazir Bhutto , far right , appears through the sunroof before shots ring out . The tape provides the clearest view yet of the attack and appears to show that Bhutto was shot . That would contradict the Pakistan government 's account . A previously released videotape shows a man at the right of her vehicle raising a gun , pointing it toward Bhutto , who is standing in her car with her upper body through the sunroof . He fires three shots . Then , there is an explosion . In the latest video Bhutto is standing , and her hair and scarf appear to move , perhaps from the bullet . Bhutto falls into the car . Then , the blast . Watch tapes showing apparent gunman " These images seem to support the theory that Bhutto died at the hands of a shooter before a bomb was detonated , killing another 23 people . Everyone inside Bhutto 's bomb-proof car lived . Those traveling with her say they saw her bleeding , and the heavily blood-stained interior appears to support their accounts . See the likely sequence of events " The doctor who initially examined the body said Bhutto died of bullet wounds . However , the Pakistani government later said she died from shrapnel wounds from the explosion . And , in a move that caused more confusion , the government released X-rays of Bhutto 's skull and said they show she died when the force of the explosion caused her head to slam into a metal lever on the sunroof . Bhutto 's husband , Asif Ali Zardari , disputed the government 's account . "  I can say confidently that she was shot , " he said . He called the government 's explanation "  a useless excuse , because they have to divert attention from the main subject " -- who is responsible for the killing . Zardari also said Sunday he will serve as co-chairman of the Pakistan People 's Party while their 19-year-old son , Bilawal , and newly named heir to the party leadership , finishes his studies . "  He will , of course , be kept aware of all that is happening with the party , " Zardari told CNN sister network CNN-IBN . "  I will be looking after the interests of the party , as a guide , as a helper , and as a friend to the party , and as a part-time leader to the party . " Once the political science student at Oxford University has been properly groomed , "  then I can go and play golf , " Zardari said , without specifying how long he thought the process would take . Zardari acknowledged that his wife stipulated in her will that he was to step into her role in the event of her death . But Zardari said his decision to pass that role to their son is correct . "  I , in my political wisdom , think we need a larger symbol than myself to keep the party united with her gone , " he said . "  Because she could have probably not even herself imagined the reaction that her death would do to Pakistan . " He said Bhutto 's assassination on Thursday has thrust Pakistan onto the verge of disintegration . But Zardari said the parliamentary elections slated to be held January 8 , less than two weeks after his wife 's death , should not be postponed . "  Our demand is elections on time -- free , fair as promised , " he said . He called on opposition leader Nawaz Sharif -- who heads the Pakistan Muslim League-N party -- to also take part in the vote . Sharif has previously said he would boycott the election . But sources within the Pakistan Muslim League-N party say they will stand with the PPP and take part in the election . Speaking on Pakistan 's GEO-TV , Sharif said an official announcement on the party 's decision would take place Monday . President Pervez Musharraf 's ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Q , the election commission and the interim Cabinet will hold separate meetings in the coming days to discuss the possibility of a delayed vote . Zardari said he does not trust the government led by Musharraf to ensure the elections are indeed free and fair , but he does believe the people of Pakistan will be able to ensure that happens . Whether his other two children will decide to enter politics "  is entirely up to them , " he said . "  You know children today . You can not force them or ask them to do anything . They do what they choose to do . Bilawal has chosen this . And so will the other two -- if they choose to come and help their brother and help their father , they 're welcome to . If they choose not , then I will not impose anything upon anybody . " He said Bhutto had trained Bilawal : "  He realizes the enormity of the situation . So therefore , he 's accepted the responsibility . " Watch Bhutto 's son and husband talk about the party 's future " The teenager , speaking in English at a news conference , said , "  I am thankful for the CEC for imposing their trust in me as chairman of the Pakistan People 's Party . " "  Like all chairmen of the PPP , I will stand as the symbol of the federation , " said Bilawal Bhutto . "  The party 's long and historic struggle for democracy will continue with renewed vigor , and I stand committed to the stability of the federation . "  My mother always said democracy is the best revenge . " Watch Human Rights Watch official explain son 's important symbolic role " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown spoke to Musharraf on the telephone Sunday , and the Pakistani leader agreed to consider international support for the investigation into Bhutto 's death , according to a statement from Brown 's office . Musharraf 's government has previously rejected international help , specifically from Britain . "  We understand our environment better than the international community , " Pakistani Interior Ministry spokesman Javed Iqbal Cheema said Saturday . "  Scotland Yard can not investigate in Waziristan . They do n't understand Pashto . " Zardari also said the PPP is asking the United Nations to investigate the circumstances of Bhutto 's December 27 killing . He said he does not plan to call for an autopsy on his wife , who was buried in her hometown on Friday . Musharraf also spoke Sunday with French President Nicolas Sarkozy , a French foreign ministry spokeswoman told CNN . After the conversation , it was announced that French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner will travel to Pakistan this week . When asked about the naming of Bhutto 's successor , White House spokesman Scott Stanzel said , "  It is up to the political parties in Pakistan to choose their leaders . " "  We believe it is important for Pakistan to confront extremists and continue on the path to democracy by holding free and fair elections , " Stanzel said . "  The timing of those elections will be up to the Pakistanis . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ali Velshi and Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	Bhutto 's widower to co-chair party while son finishes school New video shows Bhutto 's scarf flap wildly after gunshots heard Bhutto 's son Bilawal Zardari named to succeed her as party chief January 8 parliamentary election should go on as planned , widower says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's mother fired the lawyers helping her fight for control of her son 's estate , but her new lawyer missed a key hearing where the judge gave more power to the men she is opposing . Katherine Jackson , with Michael in 2005 , is challenging the appointment of Michael 's estate trustees . Katherine Jackson replaced lawyers Burt Levitch and Londell McMillan with Adam Streisand , a lawyer known for his expertise in Los Angeles probate cases . "  The family came to a decision before they called me , " Streisand said . "  They felt they needed a different perspective and fresh look at how this case was being approached . " But Streisand arrived at court Thursday minutes after Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff ended a hearing in which he granted a request from estate special administrators John Branca and John McClain for more authority to make deals on behalf of Jackson 's estate . "  I want this estate to move forward and I want these creditors to be dealt with , " Beckloff said . "  And while we are proceeding in this posture , I want Mrs. Jackson to have information about what is going on and I do n't want to be in court all the time . " The process of probate of Jackson 's will , which named Branca and McClain as executors , has been slowed since soon after the pop star 's June 25 death by numerous legal challenges filed by Katherine Jackson 's lawyers , led by Levitch . Howard Weitzman , lead lawyer for the estate 's administrators , expressed optimism that the two sides would be able to work better toward a settlement with Streisand in charge . The estate 's administrators were able to make a series of deals expected to bring in at least $ 100 million to the estate this year , mostly through a documentary movie that premieres next week . Katherine Jackson 's legal team has asked that a member of the Jackson family "  have a seat at the table " as a third executor . They 've also raised questions in sealed court papers about possible conflicts of interest that might prevent Branca and McClain from controlling the estate . Streisand said the Jackson family was frustrated with the inability "  to get this case going . " He indicated Katherine Jackson still planned to challenge Branca and McClain 's control of her son 's wealth . Under the 2002 will , Michael Jackson 's three children and his mother are the chief beneficiaries of his estate , while unnamed charities will share in 20 percent of the wealth . Streisand said when he met with Katherine Jackson and the children to discuss the case , they were united . He said Jackson patriarch Joe Jackson was not present at the meeting and he 's never talked with him . Joe Jackson appeared frustrated earlier this month when he attended his first hearing in the probate process , suggesting the lawyers should be more aggressive in court . Streisand said the three Jackson children are doing "  absolutely wonderful . "	Katherine Jackson hires probate lawyer Adam Streisand Jackson has been fighting for more control over her son 's estate Michael Jackson made John Branca and John McClain his executors Streisand misses hearing in which executors are given more control
CNN  -- The defense and prosecution were hammering out a plea deal Tuesday in the court-martial of Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair , but no matter what the negotiations hold , the defense says three things are off the table . First , Sinclair wo n't plead guilty to sexual assault , said Josh Zeitz , a spokesman for the general 's defense team . Nor will he plead guilty to any charge that will land him on a sex-offender registry . And lastly , Zeitz said , Sinclair will not plead guilty to threatening his accuser or her family . No developments are expected Tuesday or Wednesday , and Zeitz said the negotiations could last for weeks . Col. James Pohl , the judge in the case , dismissed the jury "  for the time being " Tuesday morning to return to their duty stations , a spokeswoman for Fort Bragg in North Carolina said . On Monday , a day when Sinclair 's accuser was slated to continue her testimony from Friday , Pohl dismissed the jury because of 22 pages of e-mails that emerged over the weekend . The e-mails include a January communication in which a senior military lawyer wrote Fort Bragg 's chief of military justice casting doubt on the credibility of Sinclair 's accuser and a February correspondence in which a lieutenant colonel with the Judge Advocate General 's Corps asked for a colonel 's "  thoughts/opinion " on Sinclair 's offer to enter a plea . Pohl indicated there may have been "  undue command influence " by Pentagon officials . While Pohl would not grant the defense 's request to drop charges against Sinclair , he ordered that the general be provided a possible plea deal , in addition to several other options . The defense team is evaluating several options after the release of the e-mails , Zeitz said . Sinclair 's attorneys have also filed a FOIA for all Pentagon e-mail communication including keywords in the Sinclair case . About 10,000 e-mails among 12 senior Pentagon officials were identified , and the Pentagon is reviewing the communications , Zeitz said , adding the defense expects the e-mails to be released slowly . If a plea deal is reached and something pivotal emerges in the e-mails , the defense would file a new motion for dismissal of charges , he said . Sinclair , formerly one of the top Army commanders in Afghanistan , pleaded guilty to several charges last week , including committing adultery , engaging in inappropriate relationships with three women , conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman and obstruction of justice , the public affairs office for Fort Bragg said . The government 's lawyers dropped two counts -- one of conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman , and the other for cruelty and maltreatment -- while Sinclair still stands accused of "  sodomy ... by force and without the consent " of his alleged victim , an Army captain . Charges also loom for alleged cruel and maltreatment of subordinates and defrauding the government , according to Fort Bragg . Political fight over military sex assaults divides women senators	Jury sent back to duty in general 's court-martial as two sides hammer out plea deal General wo n't plead guilty to sexual assault or threatening accuser , source says Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair pleaded guilty to some of the less-serious charges last week
CNN  -- There is no title in football that hangs heavier on the shoulders of a young player than that of teenage prodigy . A spell at Benfica could help Adu adjust to the pressures of European football . Those who can carry it -- Pele , Maradona , Ronaldo , Ronaldinho -- go on to become the greatest players in the game . Those who ca n't fade into obscurity -- Nii Lamptey anyone ? The jury is still out on whether Freddy Adu -- like Lamptey Ghanaian-born -- will fall into the first category or the second , but the footballing world should soon be a little closer to finding out after the 18-year-old 's move this week from the shallow waters of Real Salt Lake and the MLS to Benfica of Portugal . Adu , who moved to the U.S. as a child and has American citizenship , already has three seasons under his belt in the MLS , having made his professional debut at 14 . As an MLS player his progress has been steady if unspectacular for a player inevitably compared to the incomparable Pele . Indeed , in the eyes of some -- unfairly -- Adu has already failed to live up to the expectations placed on him . In 2003 an MLS coach told Sports Illustrated , shortly before Adu signed a $ 1 million contract with Nike , that Adu would start for the U.S. at the 2006 World Cup . To date he has just a solitary international cap to his name . "  Freddy , when we signed him , was one of most talented young players in the world . I think , today , he still is one of most young talented players in the world , " says MLS deputy commissioner Ivan Gazidis . "  What we 've struggled with is the expectations , not that we 've placed on him , but that the media has placed on him . " For a player feted as a future major world star though , Benfica is perhaps not the destination those who had mapped out his career along the lines of the Hollywood soccer trilogy "  Goal " would have chosen . The Lisbon club may be one of European football 's greatest names , but it is a long time -- just one Portuguese title in 13 years -- since they were one of the Europe 's great teams and Adu had previously been linked with the likes of Real Madrid , Inter Milan , Manchester United or Chelsea Yet by favoring Benfica over bigger clubs , Adu 's advisors have actually made a smart move . Moving to Portugal will give the teenager a chance to acclimatise to the higher standards and tougher expectations of European football away from the high-pressure atmosphere of one of the continent 's true giants . Adu is also following a well-worn path for non-European youngsters . Ronaldinho first signed for Paris Saint Germain when he first left Brazil , while Ronaldo originally settled at Dutch side PSV Eindhoven . Both subsequently moved onto greatness at Barcelona ; U.S. soccer fans will be willing Adu to make a similar leap upwards from Benfica sooner rather than later . E-mail to a friend	U.S. soccer prodigy Freddy Adu signs for Portuguese side Benfica Ghanian-born Adu hailed as saviour of U.S. soccer since age of 13 Had been linked with bigger clubs including Manchester United , Real Madrid Move to lesser club could help the 18-year-old adapt to European football
London  CNN  There are guards at the gate , guards checking bags , and guards at the door of the darkened room : Security is tight as a drum . The reason for these safeguards is stored under glass , and bathed in a pool of low light -- not jewels or what might traditionally be termed treasure , but four "  grubby brown manuscripts . " In a room packed with illuminated tomes and richly-decorated books of hours , it would be easy to ignore the four tatty sheets arranged in a cabinet along the wall , were it not for the two magic words : Magna Carta . For the first time in their 800-year history , the four surviving "  original " versions of the Magna Carta have been brought together at the British Library in London -- in an operation planned with military precision . "  It 's pretty high security , " admits June Osborne , Dean of Salisbury Cathedral ; its copy of the charter has left home for the first time in decades to join its "  siblings " in the exhibition . "  We had conservators all around it to make sure that in the transfer nothing threatened the document . But as in all of these matters of security the greatest advantage is secrecy , " she adds with a smile , refusing to go into detail about how , or when , the priceless page was brought to the capital . "  I can tell you that as Dean I did not know when it moved ... We have taken it really seriously . " It 's all a far cry from the days when one of the charter 's previous custodians used to hide it under her bed for safe-keeping . "  The librarian , Elsie , felt very deeply about her responsibility for looking after it . The story goes that she occasionally put it under her bed at home and in order to get it under her bed she put it on the basket of her bicycle , " says Osborne . "  I shudder to think that anybody could have thought that was the right thing to do but ... Elsie probably thought she was doing her best . " By contrast , Lincoln Cathedral 's well-traveled version of the charter , which has just returned from a visit to the United States , is no stranger to such serious levels of surveillance , having spent several years under lock , key and armed guard in Fort Knox . "  In 1939 , when the war broke out , it was at the World 's Fair in New York , " explains Philip Buckler , Dean of Lincoln Cathedral . "  It could n't travel back across the Atlantic and so the American people took it in . "  It was kept at the Library of Congress for several years , but when the U.S. entered the war it was not safe in Washington D.C. , and so it went into Fort Knox , and there it was held , with all of the other great treasures of America -- and the bullion , obviously -- until 1946 . " Today , the Magna Carta is revered around the world as the document that established the principle that everyone -- including the King himself -- was subject to the rule of law . That key clause -- nestled among long-forgotten details about fishing rights and noble widows ' dowries -- has become a central tenet of democracies across the globe , from the U.S. , whose Constitution and Bill of Rights were directly influenced by the Magna Carta , to Australia , New Zealand and India . "  It really is an iconic document , one of the most famous documents in the world , " says Claire Breay , head of Medieval manuscripts at the British Library . "  It has become such a powerful symbol over the centuries for all sorts of rights and freedoms . " But back in 1215 , it was effectively a peace treaty . "  It was a practical solution to the political crisis the country was in at the time , " explains Breay , a way of bringing to an end a long-running conflict between King John and his barons . And although the monarch signed it -- under sufferance -- he soon changed his mind and had it annulled by the Pope . It was n't until his successors revived the Magna Carta in the years after his death that it began to take on such importance . Nowadays , it is studied in schools from Seattle to Sydney . More than 43,000 people from all over the world applied for tickets to the exhibition ; just 1,215 of them will get the chance to see the quartet of charters over the next three days . Academics and Magna Carta experts will also get a unique chance to study the four documents side-by-side , looking at differences in text , handwriting and condition for clues to their past . "  It 's a great opportunity for all four to be looked at , to be compared and contrasted , " said Chris Woods , director of the National Conservation Service . "  There 's a great deal we still do n't know about each of their individual histories , but there are things we can learn about them , particularly by comparing them . " Julian Harrison , curator of Medieval manuscripts at the British Library , says it is a miracle the documents have survived -- one was badly damaged in a fire in the 18th century , and "  The other was reputedly found in a London tailor 's shop in the 17th century -- that 's a bit frightening because what was it doing there ? Presumably it was going to be cut up to be used to make gentlemen 's collars . " Once the landmark display comes to an end , the visiting versions will be sent home to Salisbury and Lincoln , where they , like the two held permanently by the British Library , will star in individual exhibitions marking the 800th anniversary of the charter , attracting thousands more visitors on a "  pilgrimage " to see their own piece of history . "  It has become a relic in the best sense of the word , in that it represents a whole tradition , " says Justin Champion , professor of history at the University of Holloway . "  It is a bit of a disappointment when you first see it ... -LSB- it 's a -RSB- grubby brown manuscript , " but , he insists , it is much more than that . "  The Magna Carta -LSB- has become -RSB- not just an artifact -LSB- but -RSB- an idea -- and as we know ideas are much more dangerous than things . " Magna Carta : Law , Liberty , Legacy is at the British Library from March 13 to September 1 , 2015 ; Magna Carta : Spirit of Justice - Power of Words is at Salisbury Cathedral from March 7 , 2015 and Magna Carta : Power , Justice and Accountability is at Lincoln Cathedral and Lincoln Castle from April 1 , 2015 .	Four surviving copies of the 1215 Magna Carta have gone on display in London to mark document 's 800th anniversary The Magna Carta , or great charter , established the principle that no one -- including the King -- should be above the law Security surrounding the priceless manuscripts , created by four different medieval scribes using sheepskin parchment and ink made of oak galls , is tight
Atlanta  CNN  -- A Nigerian doctor has been diagnosed with Ebola nearly three weeks after a Liberian-American man with Ebola died after traveling to Lagos , Nigerian officials said Monday . Nigerian Minister of Health Onyebuchi Chukwu told reporters that the infected physician had been treating Patrick Sawyer , a top government official in the Liberian Ministry of Finance who died of Ebola in a Nigerian hospital July 20 . Eight other people are being quarantined and three are awaiting Ebola test results , the health minister said . Read more about Patrick Sawyer 's death	Diagnosis comes three weeks after Liberian-American man died from virus "  We know what needs to be done , " CDC director says Experts will also help implement stronger systems to fight the disease , CDC chief says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has acknowledged that a number of its websites have fallen victim to attack by hackers following a mass campaign by the Anonymous network . Hackers belonging to the global band of online activists this week claimed to have compromised almost 500 sites belonging to the Chinese government , organizations and businesses . The cyber attackers plastered the sites with subversive messages , condemning what they described as Beijing 's "  evil regime " and warning "  Your government has been in control of your network and filters harmful things . Careful . " While official news sites in China made no mention of the hacking claims , the matter was raised at a briefing of China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs Thursday . In a three-part answer , spokesman Hong Lei said that "  certain reports prove again " that Chinese sites had been hacked . "  First of all , China 's Internet is open to all , users enjoy total freedom online . China has gained 500 million netizens and 300 million bloggers in a very short period of time , which shows the attraction and openness of China 's Internet , " Hong said . "  Secondly , the Chinese government manages the Internet according to law and regulations . Thirdly , certain reports prove again that China is a victim of internet hacker attacks . " On Friday , searches for comments on hacking yielded re-posts of the MoFA statement : "  we have an open , free cyberspace in China . ' " One user on the Weibo micro-blogging site posted in response : "  Open ? How dare you brainwash your people that ? " The mass attack comes less than a week after the country suspended comments on China 's most popular micro-blogging sites , Sina 's Weibo and Tencent 's QQ . The two-day suspension was necessary to "  clean up rumors and other illegal information spread through microbloggings , " according to state-run news service Xinhua . Authorities also closed 16 websites and detained six people for allegedly spreading rumors of "  military vehicles entering Beijing and something wrong going on in Beijing , " a spokesperson for the State Internet Information Office told Xinhua . China 's internet was rife with rumors last month of an alleged coup attempt after the shock dismissal Communist Party politburo member and Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai . Cyberspace discussions on Bo 's fate have since been censored . News of the Anonymous attack in China was spread on Twitter through @AnonymousChina , a relatively new account with less than 3,000 followers at the time of writing . Its first tweet was posted on March 30 and linked to a Chinese website with the words "  Hacked by Anonymous . " A list of nearly 500 sites allegedly hacked were posted on pastebin . Tweets suggested some were targeted more than once , including the CBD site of Chengdu , the capital of the Sichuan province in the country 's south west -- @AnonymousChina : "  http://cdcbd.gov.cn/ http://www.qnwqdj.gov.cn/ http://www.bbdj.gov.cn/ redefaced lol , your security still suck . " At the time of writing , no posts had been made on the Twitter feed for some 12 hours . While Xinhua did not carry news of the alleged Anonymous hackings , it has reported on their activities in the past . In February , it reported that the group had taken down the websites of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency  CIA  and Alabama state government . Soon after that attack , top members of Anonymous and its offshoots were arrested and charged after a wide-ranging investigation that was assisted by a group leader working as a secret government informant . The FBI informant , "  Sabu , " was a part of the elite AntiSec hackers . In recent years , Anonymous has been involved in some of the most high-profile cyberattacks on the Web -- hobbling the websites of governments and businesses , hacking into sites to reveal private data and , along the way , getting dubbed cyberterrorists by authorities in the United States and elsewhere . The network 's motto is "  We are Legion , " and it describes itself as "  a decentralized network of individuals focused on promoting access to information , free speech , and transparency . " CNN 's Shao Tian contributed to this report .	China acknowledges hacker attack on Chinese websites Anonymous China claimed to have defaced almost 500 sites Message referred to Beijing 's "  evil regime " and warned readers to be "  careful " Follows China 's temporary suspension of comments on microblogs
CNN  -- About a year after the 2005 London bombings , right-wing British journalist Melanie Phillips published a book that she called "  Londonistan . " It was an extended lament about what she called the decline of British values and the destructive consequences of multiculturalism . U.S. security agencies and others began to call the British capital Londonistan -- and only partly in jest . London , one of the great cities of the world that transcend nationality , had attracted dissidents from many countries , but particularly from Arab states that might have treated them harshly had they dared to voice their opposition to the ruling cliques at home . The Londonistan label was meant to draw a parallel between what was happening in London and what had happened in Afghanistan , where many opponents of the regimes of Muslim majority countries had congregated , first to join a war against the Soviet occupation , and then to fight a broader enemy . Now , Douglas Murray has written a similar article in the most recent edition of The Spectator , a well-respected British periodical , following the gruesome killing in Syria of the American journalist James Foley , apparently by a British member of ISIS . Murray argues that the nationality of the executioner should come as no surprise , given the misguided tolerance of extremism in Britain . It is true that British citizens have taken part in terrorist attacks , or attempted to , since the rise of global terrorism in the 1990s . But to suggest that Foley 's beheading was somehow related to the laxness or timidity of the British security authorities , or a decline of the British state more generally , is going too far . It is also the wrong way to look at the problem . Britain , like the United States , has a well-deserved reputation for acting in accordance with the rule of law . And by and large , British justice is fair and impartial . That is surely one of the reasons why so many people have tried to enter the country . Those who have faced persecution at home have found the freedoms of expression and assembly denied them elsewhere available in every corner of London and other British cities . And British life has been enriched by their presence . Certainly it 's led to social tensions . New communities establish traditions that the original population finds strange and even threatening . Immigrants seem to keep themselves apart and are prepared to work longer for less . Originally the government aimed to assimilate these newcomers , but realized that defining "  Britishness " was hard enough for the British , let alone a concept that a new arrival could understand . Integration became the new objective , but this too is difficult in a society that 's under strain and believes the best policy is a clear set of rules that still allow people to find their own way within them . Committing terrorist acts is not within the rules . And recent British legislation has tried to set firmer and clearer rules that make plotting terrorist acts a crime -- however hard it may be to identify a crime before it has been committed . This may help to deter and prevent terrorism , or it may not . It is always hard to measure what did not happen as a result of government action . The best way to deter terrorism is not to introduce ever-more draconian laws -- which inevitably miss their targets but affect everyone else -- but to continue to hold true to the values that terrorists seek to challenge . In the dark world of the self-described Islamic State , the law and its implementation are arbitrarily applied by those who hold the guns . There is no appeal against them . It is a world of intimidation and dictatorship , similar to but worse than the totalitarian states established by Saddam Hussein and Hafez Assad . Some British people may feel alienated from society in the United Kingdom ; they may believe that they lack opportunity . But they are lucky to have the opportunity to say so , and to advocate for change . They would not have that in the "  Islamic State . " They would be dead . British people may have gone to join the "  Islamic State ' " hoping to find a new sense of purpose and self-expression , and perhaps the British fighters associated with Foley 's death believe they have succeeded . But they are not the product of the United Kingdom . They are the product of something far deeper , rooted in the evolution of their own societies and the transitional period between immigrant parents and integrated children . If society is not fluid , and does not accept the rough ride that fluidity can bring , it will not move forward . Terrorism , as expressed by Foley 's executioner , is reactionary and backward looking . It offers nothing to anyone . The "  Islamic State " will never attract support from more than the handful of people who run it , and of the few hundred British people who may think it offers Nirvana and have gone to join in , I predict that the great majority will sooner or later look back at what they left and wish they were still there , however imperfect the conditions . Freedom comes at a price , but it is what we are fighting for as we combat the "  Islamic State . "	UK 's tolerance of extremism leads to acts like James Foley 's beheading , article suggests Richard Barrett says that view goes too far and more draconian laws are n't the answer Barrett : Extremism is linked to immigrants ' societies and their transition to integration He says UK rule of law and freedom of expression will win over allure of ISIS
CNN Student News  -- January 31 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Egypt • Georgia • Los Angeles , California Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It is the very last day of January , but the very first day of a new week of CNN Student News ! I 'm Carl Azuz . If you took a look at the news at all this weekend , you probably know what our top story today is . First Up : Egypt in Crisis AZUZ : Egypt . The world is watching as a political crisis engulfs the north African nation . Protesters have been marching through the streets for days . They 're speaking out against the Egyptian government , and specifically against long-time President Hosni Mubarak . The protesters say they have two demands . One : They want President Mubarak to leave office and to be put on trial . Two : They want to change the country 's constitution . The government has been trying different ways to get these protests under control . It 's established a curfew ; it 's sent out fighter jets and thousands of security troops . As you can see , it does n't seem to be making any difference . The protests lasted through Sunday night and looked like they could keep going for a while . In different cities around the world , other people are holding rallies in support of Egypt 's protesters . Businesses and governments that have offices in Egypt are working to evacuate their citizens and clients from the country . President Mubarak went on TV over the weekend to talk to the people of Egypt . He said he understands why they 're upset , including their concerns over alleged government corruption and desire for better living conditions . Mubarak asked his government ministers to resign , but said he plans to say in power . But that 's not enough for the man you see here : Mohamed ElBaradei , a prominent Egyptian and holder of a Nobel Peace Prize . He 's a leader of the largest group that 's against President Mubarak . And on Sunday , he urged the Egyptian president to "  leave today and save the country . " ElBaradei says the push for Mubarak to step down is "  non-negotiable . " Egypt Breakdown AZUZ : All right , we 're gon na talk about some of the major players in all of this in today 's Breakdown . First off , Egypt 's leader , Hosni Mubarak . He 's been the country 's president since 1981 . Egypt 's president serves six-year terms with no term limits , which is why he 's been in power so long . The country is a republic , with the president chosen by popular vote . But here 's the kicker : Until 2005 , Mubarak was the only candidate on the ballot ! In 2005 , Mubarak beat out a couple other candidates when he got almost 90 percent of the vote . Another election is scheduled for later this year . The country Mubarak leads has 80 million people ; it is the largest population in the Arab world . And that 's put a strain on the government because many of the people feel it 's unable to meet their demands . 20 percent of Egypt 's population lives below the poverty line . And one more point , here : the Muslim Brotherhood . This is a group that 's been very vocal in encouraging people to protest . And it 's technically illegal ! Egypt 's constitution does not allow religion-based political parties . But the Muslim Brotherhood has been somewhat tolerated by President Mubarak . I say "  somewhat " because members are allowed to run in local elections , but they 're not allowed to have seats in the country 's government . Now , I 'm gon na turn it over to Don Lothian to show you why what happens in Egypt is so important to the United States , as well as countries near Egypt in the Middle East . BEGIN VIDEO DAN LOTHIAN , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT : As tensions rise in Egypt , the White House is ramping up its response . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : When President Mubarak addressed the Egyptian people , he pledged a better democracy and greater economic opportunity . I just spoke to him after his speech , and I told him he has a responsibility to give meaning to those words , to take concrete steps and actions that deliver on that promise . LOTHIAN : Secretary of State Hillary Clinton weighed in too , voicing concerns over the violence directed at protestors by police and security forces . U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE HILLARY CLINTON : We urge the Egyptian authorities to allow peaceful protests and to reverse the unprecedented steps it has taken to cut off communications . LOTHIAN : The Obama administration has been pushing President Hosni Mubarak privately and publicly to implement reforms . A delicate dance as cables released by Wikileaks revealed . In a 2009 dispatch over concerns about human rights abuses , U.S. Ambassador Margaret Scobey is reported to have written , "  Mubarak takes this issue personally and it makes him seethe when we raise it , particularly in public . " U.S. officials have also resisted calling for regime change . JON ALTERMAN , CENTER FOR STRATEGIC AND INTERNATIONAL STUDIES : I think the administration is going to try to appeal to the best instincts , and ultimately will work with whoever is in power in Egypt . PROTESTERS : Hey Hey ! Ho Ho ! Mubarak has to go ! LOTHIAN : Even so , outside the White House , pressure from protesters looking for change . Egypt has been a key U.S. ally for years , working to bring Israelis and Palestinians together , being a stable partner in the region , and supporting the international effort to reign in Iran 's nuclear ambitions . ROBERT GIBBS , WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY : And that 's important , but there is a responsibility that is had by the government of Egypt , regardless of the role that they have played internationally or regionally , over the course of any number of years . They also have to address the grievances that have built up for those same number of years within the country of Egypt . LOTHIAN : Officials here at the White House are also discussing the assistance that the U.S. gives to Egypt , including more than a billion dollars each year . They 'll be reviewing over the next few days how the government deals with unrest on the ground and how that might impact that aid . Dan Lothian , CNN , the White House . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Barnes ' and Mrs. Rumbarger 's STEM classes at Petal High School in Petal , Mississippi ! What U.S. government program provides money to retired workers ? Is it : A  HUD , B  Social Security , C  CDC or D  Peace Corps ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Social Security program gives money to Americans who are retired , disabled or in need . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Social Security AZUZ : It was 71 years ago today that the first Social Security check was issued ! The person who got it ? Her name was Ida Fuller ; she received a check from the government for $ 22.54 . During the two years before that , Fuller had paid money into the system . That 's how Social Security was designed to work : People who are working pay money in ; people who are retired get money out . If any of you have jobs , you 're part of this , too . There 's a line on your paycheck for how much money is taken out for Social Security . But there 's a lot of debate around Social Security and concerns that this fund might run out some day , and maybe in the not-too-distant future . People are living longer than they used to , so they 're getting more money from Social Security . And by the time people who are currently putting money into the system are old enough to take money out , there might not be anything left for them . Cursive Debate AZUZ : And something else that might disappear ? This : cursive writing . It 's pretty , but is it useful ? There are 41 states that use English standards that do n't require students to learn cursive . Georgia , in fact , is getting ready to debate this issue soon . And some people are worried that the writing may be on the wall for cursive . The argument against learning cursive is that it takes up time and is n't as useful as learning how to type . But some parents and teachers say script should stay . They feel that learning proper handwriting helps students learn better in general . And that without it , you wo n't be able to understand some historic documents that are written in cursive . The Constitution is one example that comes to my mind . Blog Promo AZUZ : Now personally , I write in cursive when I 'm taking notes , because that 's what I learned in school . But I also know how to type , too , and I learned that as well . What we 're asking on today 's blog is : Do you think it 's important to preserve the old-school cursive , or should schools focus on skills you 'll need later in life , like typing ? You know where to go to talk to us : CNNStudentNews.com ! Before We Go AZUZ : And finally , we 're right on time for today 's Before We Go segment . It may look like a normal cuckoo clock , until you realize that the cuckoo coming out 's a person ! This thing actually is the world 's largest cuckoo clock . At least , that 's what the creators were aiming for . They unveiled this 66-foot tall , 28-foot wide clock this weekend . Every hour , the bells brought out an actor who gave a performance . Goodbye AZUZ : Some people may think it sounds a little ... you know . But you 're welcome to chime in with your own thoughts . And we are just about out of time . To help us sign off , of course , we have today 's sign-off line from Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews . Today 's sign-off line comes from Nick : He says anything unrelated to elephants is irrelephant . You can send us your sign-off line -- I love that , by the way -- you can send us your sign-off line at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews ! Whether it 's a pun or whether it 's just a creative goodbye , we 're gon na look forward to it , and we 'll see you right back here tomorrow when CNN Student News returns .	Explore a political crisis in Egypt and the major players who are involved Examine concerns about Social Security on the anniversary of its first payment Find out why the writing may be on the wall for learning cursive in school Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- The International Tennis Federation honored Novak Djokovic and Petra Kvitova for breakthrough years on Tuesday , as the duo were named the governing body 's men 's and women 's world champions for 2011 . World number one Djokovic began the season with a 43-match winning streak before claiming three of four grand slam titles in 2011 . Kvitova headed off top-ranked Caroline Wozniacki after securing the first grand slam triumph of her career at Wimbledon in July and triumphing at the season-ending WTA Championships in October . The 21-year-old also helped the Czech Republic win the Fed Cup final against Russia last month as she rose to second in the standings . Bryan brothers break McEnroe 's record The world champions are decided by a system which lends greater weight to grand slam and Fed or Davis Cup success than world rankings or ATP and WTA Tour tournaments . "  I am proud to have been named the ITF world champion for 2011 , " said Djokovic , who usurped last year 's winner Rafael Nadal at the top of the world rankings in July . "  Starting with victory in last year 's Davis Cup final , this has been an almost perfect 12 months for me . I have always dreamed about becoming the best in the world , and to have won three grand slam titles and finished the year as No. 1 is very special . " The 24-year-old Serbian clinched the Australian Open , Wimbledon and U.S. Open crowns to become the first player outside of Spaniard Nadal and 16-time grand slam winner Roger Federer to claim the award since American Andy Roddick in 2003 . Kvitova won six WTA titles in a year which saw her rise from 34th in the world rankings . "  I will cherish this award , which is the cherry on top of a wonderful year in which I managed to win Wimbledon , the WTA Championships , " she said . "  It was a dream year and something I will never forget . " ITF president Francesco Ricci Bitti added : "  Both Novak Djokovic and Petra Kvitova have managed to combine strong performances for their country with outstanding individual records . "  Novak 's achievements this year are remarkable in such a strong era for men 's tennis , while Petra has made a major breakthrough on the women 's tour . " American twins Bob and Mike Bryan won the men 's doubles award for the eighth time in nine years after a season in which they lifted the Australian Open and Wimbledon trophies . Those victories brought the 33-year-olds level with Mark Woodforde and Tood Woodbridge 's Open era record of 11 grand slam titles , and they have now broken John McEnroe 's record of 270 weeks as the top-ranked doubles player . Kvitova 's Fed Cup teammate Kveta Peschke , 36 , and Slovenia 's Katarina Srebotnik , 30 , won the women 's doubles honor after claiming their first grand slam title at Wimbledon . The duo , ranked second and third respectively behind Liezel Huber , won six other events .	Novak Djokovic and Petra Kvitova awarded title of ITF world champions for 2011 World No. 1 Djokovic claimed three grand slam titles during an incredible year Kvitova claimed a first grand slam title and also won the WTA Championships Bryan brothers won men 's doubles award , Kveta Pschke and Kata Srebotnik the women 's
Gina , the owner of a busy graphic design firm , started giving herself -- and her employees -- four-day workweeks after she had knee surgery and found it tough to get around . It was meant to be temporary , and Gina only made the change because she felt guilty staying home while the others toiled . But she quickly realized the shorter week was less a burden than a surprise boon . From Monday through Thursday , her staff got in early to get their work done , and employees seemed genuinely excited to be there . Productivity increased dramatically . People still had fun , but even the office chitchat seemed more efficient . And when they were at work , they worked . "  They were using the extra day off to spend time with their families , do errands and take long weekends away , but also to schedule appointments they might otherwise have taken an afternoon off to attend , " Gina said . People ended up taking fewer vacations days , and sick days disappeared almost entirely . The notion of the four-day work week was introduced in the 1950s by American labor union leader Walter Reuther , but workers -- or , more specifically , bosses -- have been slow to buy in . By most accounts , the American workweek is now at its most saturated : Nearly 86 % of American men and 67 % of women work more than 40 hours in any given week , in the name of productivity , financial necessity and , according to at least one study , happiness . In her book "  White Collar Sweatshop , " author Jill Andresky Fraser writes about a culture of American workers being on-call 24 hours a day , seven days a week , even as salaries and benefits decrease . That 's because , despite the evidence , we 're programmed to believe that working longer and harder begets great achievement . But what if working less is the real key to success ? Earlier this year , when Facebook exec Nicola Mendelsohn was hired as a company vice president , she reportedly negotiated a four-day workweek so she could spend more time with her family . Much was made of the rumor , which Facebook would neither confirm nor deny , despite the fact that many working mothers around the country routinely , and increasingly , negotiate four-day workweeks . In fact , 44 % of female doctors now work four or fewer days a week , up from 29 % in 2005 . And yet Mendelsohn 's four-day imperative sparked big debate : Critics called the move entitled and questioned its fairness , while working mothers hailed it a victory , naming her a poster child for work-life balance . Many have argued for the four-day workweek , or flexible hours in general , as a way to retain talented female workers who might otherwise quit altogether in order to have children . But a four-day workweek is n't beneficial to mothers alone -- and it is beneficial . When Utah introduced four-day workweeks for many of its state employees in 2008 , it boosted productivity and worker satisfaction . They reverted to the standard five-day week only three years later , because residents complained about not having access to services on Fridays . In a 2012 op-ed in the New York Times , software CEO Jason Fried reported that the 32-hour , four-day workweek his company follows from May through October has resulted in an increase in productivity . "  Better work gets done in four days than in five , " he wrote . It makes sense : When there 's less time to work , there 's less time to waste . And when you have a compressed workweek , you tend to focus on what 's important .  Like sleep , quality work happens best when uninterrupted . Fried also reported that the four-day workweek had made it easier to recruit new talent and retain valuable staff -- male and female . There 's one caveat . Though unlikely to affect higher-ups like Mendelsohn , the four-day week tends to work best when the entire office is involved . One reason many employees may feel reluctant to take on a four-day week is because of the fear of "  missing out " on access to the boss or to the flow of ideas and information . Ten weeks after her first daughter was born , Mary , an environmental attorney in Denver , returned to work , taking the firm up on its offer to let her come in four days a week while everyone else remained at five . A month later , Mary found herself exhausted , constantly irritable , and nursing a persistent cough . "  I was happy they wanted to keep me enough to be flexible , " she said . "  But I always felt that the most important decisions were made when I was home relieving the nanny . " Instead of providing some relief , the flexible hours that were Mary 's , and Mary 's alone , only made her that much more anxious . "  I became convinced that once out of sight , I was out of mind . " Putting everyone on the same schedule helps reduce that fear . There 's also the simple economics of the four-day week , as seen in Utah . When the lights are on four days instead of five , and employees need to make the commute two fewer times , costs are lowered . For all these reasons , many employers who go the four-day route never go back . Three years later , Gina 's knee is healed but the four-day workweek remains . Her firm has grown by 20 % . Was it the change in schedule ? "  I 'm sure that ca n't account for all the growth , " Gina said . "  But it played a role for sure . Now I joke that blowing out my knee was the best career move I ever made . "	Peggy Drexler : Employers find a four-day workweek increases productivity and job satisfaction She says 86 % of American men , 67 % of women work more than 40 hours a week Drexler : It helps retain all talented workers , not just the women who want to be with kids To make it work , employers should put the whole staff on the four-day week , she says
CNN  -- Know your caucuses from your primaries ? Your superdelegates from your Super PACs ? As Republican presidential hopefuls battle to win the right to take on Barack Obama in November , we 've defined the array of words and acronyms that will define this year 's election . Attack ads -- An ad that promotes another candidate 's perceived weakness , rather than the good qualities of the candidate the ad wants you to vote for . Battleground states -- Both sides concentrate their efforts on those states they want to keep from falling into the other 's hands , and those they think they could take from the other party . States seen as safe will not see an influx of candidates or cash , as the White House hopefuls consider it better to spend their time and money in the battleground states . This time round , Florida -- center of the controversial 2000 election -- will again be a key state , as will Ohio and Pennsylvania . Blue state -- Traditionally a Democratic-controlled state . Caucus -- Local party members get together for an evening of debate before deciding who they will support for their party 's presidential nomination . The process is open for all to see and takes place in someone 's home or a town hall rather than a voting booth . Debates -- Debates are held between the Democratic nominees , the Republican nominees , as well as in the presidential campaign between the Democratic and Republican candidates . Rules for answering and the format of the debate are laid down in advance , taking much of the spontaneity out of the debate . But they are still seen as important to the race , and each candidate 's performance -- best answer , worst answer , even appearance -- is analyzed in the media for days after . The candidates for vice president typically have their own face-off . Delegate -- A person chosen at local level to represent the state at the party 's National Convention . They are there to support a particular candidate based on the results of the state primary or caucus . Electoral College -- The Electoral College was created in the early years of the United States . Each state has a number of Electoral College votes depending on its population . California has 55 , while a number of smaller states have only three . With the exception of Nebraska and Maine , all electoral votes are cast for the candidate that wins the state , no matter what the margin . A presidential candidate needs 270 Electoral College votes to win the election . The system can mean a candidate wins the popular vote but does not win the election . Endorsements -- Come in three types : From celebrities , from newspapers and from political figures and organizations . Whether any endorsement sways voter opinion is debatable but all candidates fight hard behind the scenes to earn them . In this election , notable endorsements have included House Majority Leader Eric Cantor and business magnate Donald Trump coming out for Republican candidate Mitt Romney , and actor Chuck Norris endorsing Republican candidate Newt Gingrich . When newspapers give an endorsement , they usually do it in the form of an editorial in support of their candidate . FEC -- Federal Election Commission enforces U.S. federal election law , discloses campaign finance information and oversees public funding of presidential elections . Favorite son -- A politician winning support in a state because of connections to that state such as being born there or having held public office there . GOP -- Grand Old Party , nickname of the Republican Party . Magic Number -- The number of Electoral College votes a candidate needs in the general election , and the number of delegates a nominee needs in the primary process . In the general election , state wins translate into Electoral College votes based on the state 's population . A candidate needs 270 Electoral College votes to win the presidency . In the nominating process , Republicans need 1,144 delegates and each state has its own rules on whether they are assigned as a proportion of the number of votes received or if they all go to the winner of the state vote . Democratic candidates need 2,025 delegates , usually earned as a proportion of state votes , but this time round there is no challenge to incumbent President Barack Obama . Party national conventions -- A gathering of the party faithful to formally select the presidential and vice presidential candidates . Involves state delegations standing around a state banner and announcing that they come from "  the great state of ... " This year , the Democrats have their convention in Charlotte , North Carolina from September 3-6 ; the Republicans will have theirs in Tampa , Florida from August 27-30 . Primary -- Primaries are generally only open to party members . Democrats and Republicans vote for the candidate they want to be their party 's presidential candidate . Republican and Democratic primaries do not have to be held on the same day . Purple state -- A state that regularly swings from one party to the other . Push polling -- Similar to an attack ad but disguised as opinion polling . During the course of the poll questions , spurious information or disinformation about a candidate will be mentioned to those being surveyed . Red state -- Traditionally a Republican-controlled state . Stump speech -- A stump speech is the candidate 's form speech in which he mentions key policies , family background and asks for citizens ' votes . It is generally repeated in the same form in state after state , county after county , with only minor tweaks for each venue . Super Tuesday -- Super Tuesday is the biggest single day of the Republican presidential nomination process . This year , 10 states choose their Republican candidate for president , including Ohio , Massachusetts , and Virginia . More than 400 delegates are up for grabs on Super Tuesday , which takes place on March 6 . Superdelegate -- Members of the party hierarchy with an individual vote at the National Convention on who the candidate will be . Their vote does not have to reflect any primary result , or the popular vote of the party . They can pledge support to one candidate and then change their mind later . Super PACs -- A controversial 2010 court decision swept away restrictions on the amount of money corporations can donate to political action committees  PACs  . In the wake of the ruling , a new breed of PACs called Super PACs were formed that can receive unlimited contributions from corporations and unions to use to advocate for or against a candidate . While they are banned from coordinating their efforts with candidates , some Super PACs are run by their former aides or close associates . Super PACs spent $ 390 million in the 2010 elections and are expected to spend much more in the upcoming elections . Tea Party -- A conservative , Republican-leaning political movement inspired by the Boston Tea Party in 1773 , when colonists protested a British tax on tea by boarding ships in Boston Harbor and dumping tea overboard . The modern movement sprang up in 2009 as a protest over an Obama-backed $ 787 billion government stimulus package , and says it opposes excessive taxes and big government , and supports a strict adherence to the U.S. Constitution and to federal spending reductions . A number of Tea Party-backed candidates won political office in 2010 . Wedge issue -- A key issue used by one or both parties to show clear differences between the two parties or candidates . Wedge issues are often raised to get each party 's "  base " supporters out to vote . The abortion issue is used to get out supporters of a woman 's right to choose , and supporters of the unborn child 's right to life . Gun control is a wedge issue generally separating Democrats who often support stricter gun control legislation from Republicans who are generally against gun-control legislation .	CNN defines the terms and buzzwords of the 2012 U.S. presidential election What 's the difference between a red state , a blue state and a purple state ? Find out who Chuck Norris endorsed in this year 's Republican primary race
It may be a long way from home but it took just two years for a trio of young techies to take their web-based startup from a classroom in Ghana to the world 's technology capital , California 's Silicon Valley . In November 2011 , Ghanaian entrepreneurs David Osei , Kamil Nabong and Philips Effah founded Dropifi , an online tool that helps businesses sort customer feedback online . About 20 months later , it has become the first African company to join the 500 Startups program , a Silicon Valley-based seed accelerator and investment fund . "  I never thought of moving to the Valley as soon as this , because basically we want to build a global startup company right from Ghana that is going to service the whole world , " says Osei , Dropifi 's chief executive . "  But coming to the Valley is definitely a step ahead of what we had imagined . " Read this : 10 African startups you need to know The team 's journey to the world 's biggest startup ecosystem started at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology in Accra , Ghana 's capital . "  David approached me and said , ` this is the idea , ' " remembers Effah , Dropifi 's chief technical officer . "  He realized that businesses lose a lot of information online because of this long and scary contact form  on their websites  . I realized that there is a huge potential for it . " That idea became Dropifi , a widget that seeks to replace what it describes as "  the era of long and scary website ` contact us ' forms " and "  still deliver business-critical insights and a spam-free customer engagement . " The tool helps business monitor customer feedback . It analyzes demographics , industry trends and the emotions behind the messages , to help companies respond effectively to customers . It also taps into social media platforms so companies can have a broader customer reach . "  We have the person 's social media profiles online up here , " says Nabong . "  This gives you different channels that you can even contact people from , " he adds . "  So I can just go to this person 's Twitter profile and tweet to him , or maybe send him a Facebook message , and this makes multichannel communication very easy for you . " Read this : Tech hub working on ` Nigeria 's next big idea ' The entrepreneurs received their first batch of funding for the company after taking part in the Accra Start-Up Weekend , a competition for entrepreneurs . "  We came out as the winners of it , particularly because we were able to convince about 20 companies in Ghana to become paying clients of the service , " says Osei . Dropifi also took first place in the Global Start-Up Open Competition in 2012 and won the top prize funded by the U.S.-based Kauffman Foundation . The team flew to Brazil earlier this year to claim that award and it was there that they first met Dave McClure , founder of the 500 Startups program . Osei did n't hesitate to lobby McClure . "  I particularly was impressed by David  Osei  and him coming out to me and trying to pitch me something that was maybe a little bit too much of a long shot , " recalls McClure . "  Initially I was really cautious , thinking ` OK , what is this guy is from Africa doing in Rio , trying to pitch me . ' Then it was like , well , I 'd sort of heard of the accelerator before so we knew they were kind of legit  and  the product offering sounded pretty much on target with our investment philosophy . " Read this : Why tech innovators are Africa 's future About twice a year , 500 Startups picks a group of around 30 companies to fund . It brings them together for a four-month "  boot camp , " where companies learn everything from marketing strategies to sales tactics , to help them grow their business and attract investors . McClure says this was the program 's first direct investment into a company from Africa . "  For some people maybe when you are investing in a new region they are more cautious about that ; for us it was an opportunity and we were really excited , " he explained . Dropifi today has over 6,000 clients in more than 30 countries . The team now hopes to expand their company globally with the skills and knowledge they acquire from their Silicon Valley experience . "  Our immediate goal is building a sustainable product that is going to deliver continuous value to our business , " says Osei . "  Currently we are focused on the U.S. and international market -- the U.S. , UK , Canada -- but in a couple of years we want to become leaders in Africa . "	Dropifi is the first African company to join the Silicon Valley-based 500 Startups program It is an online tool helping companies monitor customer feedback Launched in 2011 , Dropifi has over 6,000 clients in more than 30 countries
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A woman who died after she was hit by a spotted eagle ray leaping from the water off the Florida Keys suffered "  multiple skull fractures and direct brain injury , " a medical examiner said Friday . The dead spotted eagle ray lies on the deck of a boat in Florida . Judy Kay Zagorski , 55 , of Pigeon , Michigan , died Thursday of "  blunt force craniocerebral trauma " after the ray hit her when she was in a boat , Monroe County medical examiner Michael Hunter determined . He gave no indication in the preliminary report whether the blow from the ray itself or her head hitting the deck , or both , killed her . "  It 's just as freakish of an accident as I have heard , " said Jorge Pino of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . "  The chances of this occurring are so remote that most of us are completely astonished that this happened . " Zagorski was on the boat with her father and other family members and friends . She was seated or standing in the front of the vessel as it was traveling about 25 mph out of a channel , Pino said . "  The ray just actually popped up in front of the vessel , " he said . "  The father had not even a second to react . It was too late . It happened instantly and the woman fell backwards and , unfortunately , died as a result of the collision . " The accident happened off the coast of Marathon Key , about 2 1/2 hours ' drive south of Miami . Zagorski was taken to the Fishermen 's Hospital in Marathon , where she was pronounced dead . Watch marine officers work around dead ray on boat " Pino said he had seen rays leap into the air , but added , "  it 's very rare for them to collide with objects . " Watch experts explain why eagle rays leap " The spotted-eagle ray weighed about 75 to 80 pounds and had a 6-foot wingspan , Pino said . Watch officials investigate eagle ray collision " Florida Fish and Wildlife said eagle rays "  are not an aggressive species , but they do tend to leap from the water . " Spotted eagle rays can have a wingspan of up to 10 feet and can weigh 500 pounds , it said . Learn more about eagle rays " Television personality Steve Irwin was killed when a ray 's barb pierced his heart in September 2006 . A month later , an 81-year-old Florida man , James Bertakis , survived after a ray leaped from the water and stung him in the heart , according to the Orlando Sentinel . He spent five weeks on a ventilator and his recovery took several months , his sons told the Detroit Free Press in his former home state of Michigan . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Woman suffered brain injury , multiple skull fractures , medical examiner rules Spotted eagle ray leaps from water , strikes woman on boat , officials say Victim was 55-year-old woman from Michigan Spotted eagle ray weighed 75 to 80 pounds , official says
CNN  -- Jesse Matthew , a suspect in the disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham , is being held in isolation in a Virginia jail cell , authorities said Saturday . Authorities took Matthew to Charlottesville , Virginia , on Friday after he agreed not to fight extradition from Texas , where he had been taken into custody after police obtained a warrant for his arrest on Tuesday . Investigators think he was the last person with Graham . He is charged with abduction with the intent to defile in the case , according to Charlottesville police . He was offered two phone calls , but refused to make them , according to the Albemarle Charlottesville Regional Jail . He 's sleeping on a mattress on the floor in a cell so spare that it does n't even have bathroom facilities , according to a jail official . Graham was last seen September 13 in an area of Charlottesville known as the Downtown Mall . Police have asked owners of large parcels of property in surrounding counties to search their land and report back . Authorities are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of the 18-year-old , a second-year student the university . Matthew willingly went to a Virginia police station over the weekend , when there was no warrant for his arrest , Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo said . He asked for a lawyer . They spoke and then left , police said . Matthew 's father said his son is not the type to hurt anyone . "  For a big man , he 's as gentle as they come , " Jesse Matthew Sr. told CNN affiliate WTVR . "  The only thing I could see , him , maybe trying to give the girl a ride or help her out . " "  To kill or hurt somebody , that 's not my son . " Found camping on the beach Authorities found Matthew on a Galveston County beach after deputies got a call about a suspicious person camping there . A license plate check revealed he was wanted , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . Matthew did not resist arrest , police said . Mike Rodenberg , a vacationer who was fishing near the campsite when Matthew was arrested , said Matthew asked about why he was throwing some of his catch back . "  He seemed real nice . He was real soft-spoken , " Rodenberg said . "  He  said he was down here from New Jersey and was looking for a job . I told him if I caught another red fish he could have it . " Matthew told him that his name was George , Rodenberg said . Nothing really seemed out of the ordinary until the police showed up . Questioned in another case In addition to Graham 's disappearance , Matthew also has been questioned in connection with an alleged sexual assault nearly 12 years ago . According to a statement from Lynchburg police , a woman reported she was raped on the campus of Liberty University on October 17 , 2002 . Matthew was a student there for three years and played on the football team . However , no charges were filed because the woman did n't want to go forward with the case , and investigators determined there was n't enough evidence to arrest Matthew back then , said Michael Doucette , the commonwealth 's attorney for Lynchburg , Virginia . Matthew told authorities that the woman consented , Doucette said , adding that there were no witnesses . Hannah Graham disappearance : What we know CNN 's Jason Hanna , Jean Casarez , Ed Payne , Ben Brumfield and journalist Betsy Kaufman contributed to this report .	NEW : Jesse Matthew being held in isolation in Virginia jail cell He 's a suspect in the disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham Graham was last seen on September 13 Matthew is charged with abduction with the intent to defile , according to police
CNN  -- The first anniversary of the Egyptian revolution is today . Egyptian society and the forces in Egypt are in a state of anticipation . World media has its cameras and correspondents in Cairo and major cities around the country . But many Egyptians wonder if the revolution amounted to nothing more than a military coup . It has been a year since the eruption of the first Egyptian revolution that stunned the world and ended 30 years of authoritarian , oppressive and corrupt rule by Hosni Mubarak , Egypt 's last pharaoh . Mubarak ended up in jail along with his sons and his regime 's major figures , with stories of their unimaginable corruption , brutality and looting surfacing ever since . But since then , most Egyptians have become angry and frustrated with the performance of the Military Council -- comprising more than a dozen elderly generals -- that has taken control . Egyptians , political forces and revolutionaries accuse the Military Council of being accomplices with the remnants of the Mubarak regime and of refusing to enact real reform , to the point of actually waging a counter-revolution . Egyptians have been enraged by the brutal suppression of peaceful demonstrations that followed the revolution , and in the arrests , humiliations and even killings of protesters . The Military Council is still controlling the state media and the political scene . Western governments and human rights organizations are expressing their dismay , with Human Rights Watch reporting killings and brutal attacks , some of them sexual , on protesters . The council is the Old Guard , desperately trying to preserve the military 's long-standing privileges and special status . The military has been running Egypt since 1952 -- with rulers such as Gen. Mohammed Naguib , Gamal Abdel Nasser , Anwar Sadat , Mubarak and Marshal Tantawy coming from its ranks . The military has dominated Egypt 's modern political scene , with members serving as presidents , prime ministers , Cabinet ministers , governors , party elites , heads of the security services , ambassadors , heads of many companies , and even ministers of culture and the media -- in a true Orwellian fashion . The military institution in Egypt consumes more than 25 % of the government expenditure and owns about 30 % of the national economy . The United States has given Egypt a hefty military aid package of billions of dollars for nearly three decades . Egyptians respect their armed forces , but are desperate for a civil state where human rights , rights of minorities , and accountability and transparency are guaranteed . They do not want another pharaoh-like president coming from that institution . Egyptians have been asked to commemorate the special occasion of the revolution 's first anniversary by taking to the streets Wednesday , wearing black in mourning of the deaths of hundreds of the revolution 's martyrs . But some political forces refuse to call it a celebration -- they say the revolution is not finished and their demands have not been met . Demonstrators have already started to pour into Tahrir Square . Activists are calling for the immediate transition of power from the Military Council to a civilian council , or even an interim caretaker . Now , after bringing down the Mubarak regime and his notorious State Security apparatus , Egyptians have broken the fear barrier and believe there is no turning back . Will they stun the world again , with Egyptian Revolution , Part II ? Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aladdin Elaasar .	Wednesday marks one year since the revolution ending 30 years of Mubarak regime Aladdin Elaasar : Egyptians are bitter about Military Council 's own oppressive rule since then Military has brutally repressed demonstrations , he writes ; arrested , even killed protesters Elaasar : Activists now want the immediate transfer of power to a civilian council
CNN  -- In October 1985 , the Formula One circus arrived in South Africa to race at Kayalami . Apartheid -- which had put an end to almost all other sporting events in the country -- did n't deter F1 , even if both the Ligier and Renault teams refused to race . Marlboro removed its sponsorship from the McLaren cars of Niki Lauda and Alain Prost , and various governments tried to stop their drivers racing . Sound familiar ? Although South Africa during apartheid and Bahrain now are two completely different political situations , you ca n't help but wonder whether F1 has moved on at all in the last 27 years . The view of Formula One Management 's chief Bernie Ecclestone that the elite division of motorsport does n't do politics seems somewhat out of kilter . The civil unrest in Bahrain -- and the political implications of F1 racing there -- has led to UK politicians asking for the race to be canceled . On April 13 the sport 's governing body -- the FIA -- announced that the race would go ahead despite continuing conflict between Shia protesters and the Sunni government . The decision was met with shock from F1 fans around the world . "  Imagine we said , ` No way are we going , ' - would the problems stop ? " Ecclestone told the BBC at last weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . "  The answer is no because they are not protesting about F1 and that 's why we are going to Bahrain . " Ecclestone -- never one to kowtow to convention -- may have missed the Shia protesters carrying toy machine guns and wearing motor racing overalls . He may also have missed the banner reading "  Stop racing on our blood " and the government 's "  UniF1ed " campaign . No , there is not political unrest because of F1 , but the sport is being used as a political tool and could be used as a stage upon which to be heard . Ask any F1 sponsor why they are in the sport and they will tell you about the amazing global platform that it provides . The same argument , understandably , applies to protesters who want to make a point . "  I do n't see lots of protests throughout the country , " economist and former Bahraini politician Jasim Husain told the UK Press Association . "  But yes , the fear is there that we could see some casualties . So it 's now a challenge for the security forces who have to handle things properly . They should avoid using force . " In a press conference on Friday , Bahrain 's Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Ahalifa expressed his reasoning behind the race going ahead . "  I think canceling just empowers extremists , " he said . "  I think for those of us that are trying to navigate a way out of this political problem , having a race allows us to build bridges across communities and get people working together . " Three-time F1 world champion Jackie Stewart is a firm believer that sport can unite people . That may be so , but only if the sport in question is neutral . F1 most certainly is n't in this case . The Bahraini government not only owns the Sakhir track , but it also invested millions to build the circuit before the first race there in 2004 . It also owns a stake in Britain 's McLaren , one of the participating teams , so it 's clear why many Shia protesters are so against the event taking place . The FIA has had people in Bahrain monitoring the situation for some time now , and the teams and drivers have said that they trust its decision to race in the Middle East kingdom , even if some teams have taken extra security with them . But , with four Force India team members being close to a petrol bomb after leaving the track on Thursday , it 's clear that the extra security is not enough . Indeed , two members of the team have since requested to return home . There are also reports that a Williams employee has quit over the situation . Of course , nowhere is safe -- a mad priest managed to run onto the track during the 2003 British Grand Prix -- but surely a sport should not be competing in a country where its participants are anywhere near a petrol bomb ? The safety of the teams and the island 's citizens should be put before a sporting event . "  It is obviously not right that this sort of stuff happens , " Force India driver Nico Hulkenberg told reporters on Thursday . "  We are here to race . The F1 business is about entertainment , and these sort of things should not really be happening to us . Whether it is right or not I do n't really know . I am not a politician , I am a Formula One driver . " Other drivers have remained quiet -- and very neutral -- on the subject . As many will remember , the 2011 Bahrain Grand Prix was at first postponed and then canceled due to riots and the much-publicized "  Day of Rage " on February 14 . So what has changed this year ? And why is Formula One able to race ? Last year the British foreign office raised its evaluation of the threat level in the country and with that came insurance problems for the teams . There was pressure from the FIA and FOM to cancel the race , which the Bahraini government duly did . By doing so it missed out on an estimated $ 480-800 million of investment that would have come from hosting it . The race looks as though it will go ahead and , with the circuit being based in the desert , it should be easier than some to keep secure . However , if something does go wrong then it is going to be extremely hard for F1 to recover its integrity . The South African Grand Prix was canceled immediately after that 1985 race by the FIA 's then-president Jean-Marie Balestre . It did n't return until 1992 , once apartheid had ended . F1 did learn from its mistakes all those years ago , even if it was too late for many . The fact that it seems to have forgotten that lesson now is baffling many fans around the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Foster .	Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix will take place amid a backdrop of anti-government protests The Formula One race was canceled last year due to a civil uprising in the Gulf island The situation mirrors what happened in 1985 with a race in apartheid-era South Africa Foster : F1 chief is wrong when he says that sport and politics do not mix
CNN Student News  -- March 21 , 2014 Covered this Friday on CNN Student News : A brain drain threatens China , scientists discover a glint of truth behind the "  5-second rule " involving food and germs , a hacker uses a drone to expose cell phone insecurities , and technology is used to help victims of South Sudan 's civil wars . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might you go verifying the facts of a study you heard about in the news ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What country was hit by a massive earthquake and tsunami three years ago this week ? 2 . What western European republic celebrated its national holiday on Monday ? 3 . What country 's leader signed a treaty to annex Crimea ? 4 . What city was the scheduled destination of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? 5 . Mary Barra is the CEO of what major American automaker ? 6 . Andromeda , Whirlpool and Sombrero are all examples of what astronomic feature ? 7 . What is the oldest currency still in use ? 8 . What kind of vehicle is the U.S. Navy 's P-8 Poseidon , which is being used to hunt for the missing Malaysia Airlines passenger plane ? 9 . What scientist found a link between germs and disease in the 1860s ? 10 . What honor , the United States ' highest military decoration , was awarded to 24 individuals at the White House this week ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
EW.com  -- Justin Timberlake was too busy bringing sexy back to go to college -- which , on the whole , seems to have worked out just fine for him . Unfortunately , it also means that when Timberlake decided to call his next single "  Take Back the Night , " he apparently had no idea that the name was already trademarked by a sexual assault awareness foundation that 's been holding emotionally-charged campus events since the '70s . Luckily , the Internet was there to inform Timberlake of his folly -- leading the singer to release the following statement to Radar : EW : Hear Timberlake 's new single ` Take Back The Night ' here "  Upon the release of my new single ` Take Back The Night , ' I was made aware of an organization of the same name called The Take Back The Night Foundation . I wanted to take this opportunity to let all know that neither my song nor its lyrics have any association with the organization . As I 've learned more about The Take Back The Night Foundation , I 'm moved by its efforts to stop violence against women , create safe communities and encourage respectful relationships for women -- something we all should rally around . It is my hope that this coincidence will bring more awareness to this cause . " Timberlake 's words have n't exactly mollified Take Back the Night 's leadership , which was understandably upset once it heard about his song  not to mention lyrics such as "  C'mon , use me up until there 's nothing left "  . EW : Timberlake 's racy video for ` Tunnel Vision ' will not be moved "  It just shows how far we have to go when Take Back the Night as a historic movement to end sexual violence in all forms is still not widely enough known , according to Mr. Timberlake , that he claims he did n't know that we existed , " TBTN executive director Katherine Koestner told Rolling Stone yesterday . Koestner 's organization sent a letter to Timberlake threatening legal action over using its name without permission ; its volunteer lawyer is apparently still awaiting a response from Timberlake 's team . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Take Back the Night " is trademarked by a sexual assault awareness foundation Timberlake says his song and the lyrics have no connection to the foundation The singer has been threatened with legal action
CNN  It all started by looking up . During an expedition through the Brittany region on the west coast of France , photographer Fabien Le Coq noticed an unusual tree . He positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward , filling the frame with the trunk and its spindly branches . "  I 'm kind of a walking photographer , " Le Coq said . "  I love exploring new places . One day I was taking a break during an excursion in the Broceliande forest , looking for the best place to settle , when I discovered a small clearing with a tree without leaves . I stayed for hours looking around , taking some pictures and I found myself lying down under the tree . The tree 's branches were rising as if to touch the sky . " This was the start of the photo series "  Treesome , " an embodiment of Le Coq 's unique way of interacting with the world around him . "  By walking a long time in an environment , landscapes begin to influence on your mood , " he said . "  As  landscapes  change , your feelings do . " The series , shot between 2012 and 2014 , reflects Le Coq 's travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia . The images are soothing and repetitive ; each tree is photographed from the bottom looking up . But it is from this vantage point that the differences become apparent . Branches take on their own patterns in the sky , creating a symmetry that is both interesting and comforting . A row of trees shot in Paris speaks to the geometry of a modern city . Cactus branches look like spears piercing the sky . Appearance is not the only factor that sets the trees apart . For Le Coq , each image is special because it represents different feelings at different points in time . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  Each tree has its own personality , " he said . "  I chose them by the way I felt at the moment . Sometimes they even change my sentiments . It 's kind of a spiritual experience . " Le Coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection . The viewer should "  become a third actor in a scene with trees and skies . " It is an opportunity to take a break and focus on our own individual journeys . "  Treesome " is shot in black and white , an aesthetic Le Coq says lends tension "  recalling the gulf on one side and the celestial heights on the other . "  The branches are the mirror of the roots . " As a freelance graphic designer , Le Coq can work wherever there is an Internet connection . He uses this freedom to travel , discover new places and grow as a photographer . Photography has also allowed Le Coq to explore his home country . "  Sometimes home is full of new possibilities , " he said . "  You just have to look or change how you look . " Fabien Le Coq is a photographer based in France . You can follow him on Facebook .	Fabien Le Coq took photos of trees from the bottom looking up The branches take on their own patterns in the sky : "  Each tree has its own personality "
CNN  -- A Mississippi schoolteacher was sentenced to life without parole Wednesday for shooting and stabbing to death her lover 's pregnant fiancee in 2006 . Carla Hughes met the victim 's fiance at the middle school where she was a teacher . The same jury that convicted Carla Hughes of two counts of murder Tuesday for the death of Avis Banks spared her life , declining to impose the death penalty . Mississippi is among the states that consider murdering a pregnant woman to be taking two lives . Madison County District Attorney Michael Guest asked the panel of nine women and three men to sentence Hughes to death based on the gruesome nature of Banks ' murder . Banks , 27 , was found lying in a pool of blood on November 29 , 2006 , in the garage of the Ridgeland home she shared with Keyon Pittman , the father of her unborn child . She was five months pregnant . She had been shot four times in the leg , chest and head , and then stabbed multiple times in the face and neck as she lay dying , according to medical testimony . Prosecutors alleged that Hughes killed Banks so she could have Pittman , a colleague at Chastain Middle School in Jackson , to herself . "  She took Avis Banks ' life and the life of her unborn child because she wanted that life , " the prosecutor said . The jury deliberated Wednesday for about an hour to decide on the sentence after hearing emotional testimony from seven defense witnesses , including her parents . "  Carla has been a kind , loving person all her life , " said Carl Hughes , who adopted his daughter when she was 6 weeks old . "  I 'm not asking you , I 'm pleading with you , to spare my daughter 's life , " said Hughes , who is also a teacher . He said that the person portrayed by prosecutors as a cold-blooded killer was completely different from the accomplished honors student , equestrian and beauty pageant contestant that he knew and loved . Hughes ' pastor and friends also took the stand to describe her work mentoring youths , volunteering at church and at the school where she met the victim 's husband . Suspicion initially fell on Pittman , who admitted to having an affair with Hughes , a language arts teacher . A key prosecution witness , Pittman told the jury he began seeing Hughes one month after finding out his girlfriend was pregnant . He testified that the two met frequently in Hughes ' home and even went out of town together , but he insisted the relationship was based solely on sex . Throughout the trial , defense lawyers maintained her innocence and attempted to cast blame on Pittman , portraying him as a womanizer seeking to avoid the burden of fatherhood . Prosecutors alleged the murder weapons connected Hughes to the crime . The defendant 's cousin testified that he lent her a knife and a loaded .38 caliber revolver the weekend before Banks ' death . Ballistics tests matched the bullets from Banks ' body to the gun , which Hughes returned unloaded to her cousin after her first interview with police . None of Banks ' relatives testified at the sentencing . Instead , the jury heard from a forensic pathologist , who described the nature of Banks ' injuries . Madison County Deputy District Attorney John Emfinger urged the jury to look past Hughes ' prior achievements and focus on the crime in rendering its sentence . "  In my mind , this overshadows everything else she 's done in life . She took the lives of two people in that garage , " he said in his closing argument Wednesday . "  When that door opened ,  Avis Banks  was not met by a beauty pageant winner , she was not met by a member of the mayor 's youth council , she was not met by a peacemaker . ... She was met by a stone-cold killer , " he said . In Session 's Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	Same jury that convicted Carla Hughes of murder declines to impose death penalty Prosecutors said gruesome nature of crime warranted death sentence Avis Banks was five months pregnant when she was shot , stabbed multiple times Prosecutors alleged Hughes killed rival so she could be with Keyon Pittman
CNN  -- Paint , wine and noodles -- three things which wo n't help Manchester United on the football pitch , but are helping swell the club 's bank balance . While Louis van Gaal 's team lost its opening English Premier League game of the 2013-14 season to Swansea , some consolation for United is being provided by its innovative sponsorship deals and partnerships with companies around the globe . The Old Trafford team 's strategy of capitalizing on its worldwide appeal by targeting localized sponsorships and partnerships has generated $ 42.6 million  â ‚ ¬ 32m  across 38 separate deals . It 's a strategy that began six years ago when United signed a deal with Diageo 's Smirnoff vodka brand as its "  responsible drinking partner " in Asia-Pacific . In Malaysia , TM is its official telecommunications partner , while in Saudi Arabia it 's STC -- and the list is growing . United is now generating over 350 % more revenue through these type of deals than its nearest challenger Barcelona , according to a report published by sports market research company Repucom , though in comparison to television revenue the income from these deals is still relatively small . Having started in the 2013-2014 season , the Premier League 's current three-year television deal is worth $ 9.4 billion -- $ 5.7 billion for domestic rights , the rest for overseas . By way of comparison 84 localized sponsorship deals accounted for over â ‚ ¬ 54m  $ 72m  in income for 20 top European clubs In the 2013-14 season . Even so , other top clubs are upping their game , with Barcelona appointing Tecate as its official beer in Mexico , while United 's archrival Liverpool has ComeOn ! as official betting partner in Scandinavia . United 's neighbor Manchester City , recently sanctioned by UEFA for breaching Financial Fair Play rules , is acutely aware of the need to raise additional sponsorship income and did six deals -- including one with Saigon Hanoi Bank as its official debit card partner in Vietnam , Laos and Cambodia . "  Whilst broadcast rights remain the biggest income stream for clubs in Europe , commercial activities are the second largest contributor , accounting for 29 % of all revenues made . Identifying new ways to increase the value of these deals is incredibly important , " Repucom 's football expert Andrew Walsh told CNN . United 's efforts to capitalize on its global following gathered pace after the late Malcolm Glazer and his family took control of the club in 2005 . The Glazers , who already owned an NFL franchise , quickly realized the potential for established brands to become associated with the success of the EPL club under former manager Alex Ferguson . Back then , most clubs ' principal sponsor had its name emblazoned across the teams ' strip , and it remains a key source of income . General Motors will be paying United $ 80 million per season for seven years to have the Chevrolet logo displayed on the kit , but the marketing operation now extends across some unlikely areas . Casillero Del Diablo is United 's official wine , there 's an official medical partner -- Toshiba Medical Systems -- and even an official noodle partner , Nissin Food Groups . Underneath these overarching global deals come the local and regional partners , with the Asia-Pacific region the most fertile . But other territories offer great potential for further exploitation , and the growing popularity of football in North America is a case in point . "  Markets such as the U.S. pose as a great opportunity for these clubs too in developing this trend , as leagues such as the Premier League become more influential in North America , " said Walsh . Astute marketeers are also keeping in touch with the latest developments in social media , where individual fan loyalty can be tapped , again with a local offer . "  Increasingly , companies are focusing more on the individual consumer , not just a general population , tailoring products and services to better suit the end user , " added Walsh . "  The trend we are seeing with Europe 's top football clubs illustrates that perfectly through the way they segment their commercial assets for specific , localized markets and in turn , that market 's fan base . " But for the strategy to be fully exploited , it 's necessary for the clubs to achieve success on the pitch , so for United the season ahead under van Gaal is crucial . David Moyes ' reign was abruptly cut short by the Glazers as results failed to meet expectation , with United finishing seventh in the EPL and failing to win a trophy other than the preseason FA Community Shield . Van Gaal is charged with restoring the club 's fortunes to ensure the cash keeps coming in from commercial activities but will also be hoping that his transfer budget reflects that continuing success story . So as United looks to raise funds for player purchases , it wo n't stop at noodles and wine .	Manchester United leads the way in localized sponsorship deals Club dominates this market with Asia-Pacific region its strongest Other clubs such as Barcelona stepping up activity in this area Man Utd hopes Louis van Gaal can restore its fortunes
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Revolutionary forces attacked loyalist strongholds Friday in a failed attempt to snuff out continuing resistance from forces loyal to ousted Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . In the fallen leader 's hometown of Sirte , along the Mediterranean coast , anti-Gadhafi fighters pulled back Friday night after a day of chaotic , fierce street fighting . The number of casualties was unclear . A brigade of fighters from Misrata wrested control of the Al-Gurdabia military base and a civilian airport near the western edge of Sirte , according to the Misrata Military Council . Ali Gheliwan , a spokesman to the Misrata Military Council , said seven anti-Gadhafi fighters were killed and 31 wounded in Friday 's fighting in Sirte . From the central city , anti-Gadhafi fighters retreated to the outskirts after troops loyal to Gadhafi put up strong resistance . Expected support from residents of Sirte did not materialize as loyalists fought house to house with an intensity that had not been anticipated . Revolutionary forces said they would try again Saturday . One of Gadhafi 's sons , Mutassim , the regime 's national security adviser , may have been coordinating the fighting in Sirte , according to Alm Hashi , a revolutionary fighter . He said Mutassim Gadhafi 's voice crackled on the radio with orders for troops loyal to his father . The Syria-based pro-Gadhafi Arab channel al-Rai aired a phone call Friday from a man it identified as Musa Ibrahim , the Gadhafi spokesman , who said forces loyal to Gadhafi were prepared for a long war . "  We have the equipment and weaponry , " he said . Meanwhile , in neighboring Niger , the government refused to heed the demand of Libya 's National Transitional Council that it hand over regime officials who had fled there , including another of Gadhafi 's sons . Saadi Gadhafi arrived Sunday in Niger , accompanied by eight regime officials "  of minor importance , " Niger Justice Minister Marou Amadou said this week . Saadi Gadhafi is believed to be in a safehouse in the center of the capital , Niamey . Amadou said a transitional council delegation had yet to show up in Niger and his government was awaiting a "  specific " request from the Libyans . The Niger government believes Gadhafi 's family and loyalists could face the death penalty if they are returned to Libya , Amadou said . He said Niger is honoring its international obligations in accordance with the Geneva conventions . At least three convoys have entered Niger recently from Libya carrying family members and Gadhafi regime military and security personnel , officials in Niger said . And more than 200,000 Libyan refugees have crossed the border , the Niger government said . Amadou said his government is concerned that weapons from Libya could destabilize the region . The whereabouts of Moammar Gadhafi , wanted by the International Criminal Court for alleged crimes against humanity , were not known , said Ben Rhodes , the administration 's deputy national security adviser for strategic communications . "  I think our estimation is that there 's no indication that he 's left Libya , " he told reporters Friday . "  I think what 's perfectly clear is that that regime has collapsed , that they control very , very little territory in Libya . The opposition has fully consolidated control of Tripoli , for instance , and other major population centers . So we 're confident that the Gadhafi regime has come to an end , but we 'll continue to work with the TNC as they seek to bring Gadhafi to justice . " In Bani Walid , anti-Gadhafi forces launched an assault and , as in Sirte , the loyalists put up stiff resistance , said Hobab Jomaa , the media center director in Zawiya . Residents of the city , southeast of Tripoli , had been fleeing after being given 48 hours to leave . In southern Libya , convoys of pickup trucks loaded with arms and ammunition barreled toward Sabha -- and the nearby towns of al-Birak and al-Qira , the hometown of Gadhafi 's brother-in-law and intelligence chief Abdullah Al-Senussi . Al-Senussi and another Gadhafi son , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , also are sought by the International Criminal Court for alleged crimes against humanity . Fighting was also fierce outside the southern city of Sabha . Two anti-Gadhafi fighters were killed , 22 were wounded , and nine Gadhafi fighters were captured , said Abdelssalam Khamis , head of the transitional council 's medical mission around Sabha . An NTC fighter was killed and at least three were wounded Friday by a sniper in Birak , just north of Sabha , doctors said . Opposition commander Hmaida Al-Majri said NTC forces were in talks with anti-Gadhafi elders from villages around Sabha to arrange for an orderly and peaceful entry of NTC forces . He said field commanders had not decided when to move on Sabha . The fighters are facing dwindling ammunition supplies , particularly for the Soviet-era 14.5 anti-aircraft guns . The nearby airbase , variously known as Al-Jaloud or Al-Birak , has thousands of rounds for tanks and mortars , but not for the weaponry the anti-Gadhafi forces have . Supplies had been shipped from Tripoli and elsewhere in the north , but had not yet arrived . Commanders , including Al-Majri , told CNN they believe Gadhafi intelligence chief Abdallah Al-Senussi had left his hometown of Al-Gira , which was under NTC control , and moved to Sabha . The battle for Libya raged as the United Nations Security Council unanimously approved a resolution establishing a U.N. Support Mission in Libya . The mission 's mandate is to help Libya extend state authority , protect human rights , support justice and take the steps needed to get the nation back on its feet economically . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Kareem Khadder , Phil Black , Raja Razek and Mick B. Krever contributed to this report .	"  We have the equipment and the weaponry " for a long war , says man identified as Gadhafi spokesman Security Council passes resolution establishing support mission Sirte , Sabha and Bani Walid are the last loyalist strongholds A Libyan delegation in Niger demands the return of Saadi Gadhafi
CNN  -- A flag that was nearly destroyed in the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , was raised outside of the funeral service Thursday for 9-year-old Christina Green , who was born on that fateful day . The banner , which measures 20 feet high and 30 feet wide , was draped between the extended ladders of two fire trucks outside the St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic Church in Tucson , Arizona , forming an arch under which Christina 's family passed as they arrived ahead of the 1 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  service . John and Roxanna Green , Christina 's parents ; and her 11-year-old brother , Dallas , paused for a few moments to look up at the flag as it rippled against the clear blue sky . A few minutes later , more relatives emerged from the same black SUV limousine that brought her immediate family , also craning their necks to take in the huge banner . The young girl was killed Saturday when a gunman fired on a crowd at a congresswoman 's meet-and-greet event in Tucson . Five others also died , and 13 -- including Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona -- were wounded . The flag topped a building near the South Tower of the World Trade Center in New York , and was heavily damaged by falling debris when the tower crumbled after hijacked airliners crashed into it and its twin . Many remember the images of the tattered banner , fluttering heroically above the debris and smoke in the days after the towers ' collapse . Soon after , the shredded flag was removed and put in storage until 2008 , when a member of the New York Says Thank You Foundation recovered it and took it to Greensburg , Kansas . Foundation volunteers were there to help residents of the small town complete some rebuilding projects more than a year after a strong tornado devastated the region . According to Jeff Parness , the founder and chairman of the foundation , it was a way to say "  thank you " to some of the townspeople who had come to New York in the aftermath of the terror attacks to help there . According to the group 's website , while foundation members worked to rebuild the town , residents began to repair what is now called the National 9/11 Flag by patching it with flags recovered from the tornado rubble . Since then , the banner has traveled across the country , gathering flags from other disasters that are stitched on by survivors and other groups . It even includes part of a flag upon which a dying Abraham Lincoln was laid , the foundation said . Parness said the idea to display the flag at Christina 's funeral came to him when he heard an interview with her mother , Roxanna , who spoke about how her daughter always looked for the positives that came out of the 9/11 attacks . "  She would refer to her birthday as a holiday , " Parness quoted Roxanna Green as saying . "  When I heard more about her sense of service and volunteerism and the community spirit , her love of government , we just realized we had to have this flag at Christina 's funeral , " he told CNN . Parness contacted the family 's pastor , who conveyed the offer , and the Greens accepted . "  We both let out a gasp of emotion , because , you know , that meant a lot to us , " Christina 's father , John Green , told CNN . "  And for them to extend that courtesy to our daughter ... again , it 's just another one of those things that will help for us . We feel like the country wo n't forget her . " Parness says the flag is really more of a symbol of 9/12 , instead of 9/11 . It shows "  what it looks like when Americans come together and help each other recover from tragedy and disaster , " he explained . "  When you look at this beautiful flag , it shows what it 's like when you connect all these people . We had a father on December 7 in Hawaii , Pearl Harbor Day , who stitched the flag in Pearl Harbor . He lost his son in Afghanistan , " Parness said . He said newly naturalized citizens would help with the stitching on Friday at the Martin Luther King Center in Atlanta , Georgia . "  It 's about bringing people together and showing what 's possible out of a tragedy like this . " Citing Christina 's love of helping other people , Parness said "  kids get it . " "  They understand when people are in need , what can you do to help . After the funeral and as the community in Tucson and the country starts to heal after this , we 're going to look back and say , what could we do , the simplest thing every day , to make Christina smile on us ? Just to be kind to your neighbor , volunteer . " "  In a bizarre way , this is a tremendous gift that Christina is giving to us , to show the country this flag , to ... let people in local communities nominate service heroes to place a stitch in this flag so we can heal it and make this flag whole again by the 10-year anniversary " this September , Parness said . CNN 's Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report	NEW : Christina Green 's family arrives at funeral , passes under flag The flag was damaged when one of the World Trade Center towers fell It 's being restored using flags recovered from other disasters
CNN  -- A 13-year-old Minnesota boy who has cancer has resumed chemotherapy treatments and is not responding well , a family spokesman said Friday . Doctors say Daniel Hauser 's lymphoma responded well to a first round of chemotherapy in February . Danny Hauser started a second round of chemotherapy treatment this week , Jim Navarro said in a statement on the family 's Web site , dannyhauser.com . "  The doctor changed the number of chemotherapy drugs in the protocol submitted to the court . Danny is not tolerating the drugs well and has been vomiting all day . He is understandably angry and depressed about being forced to go through the ravages of chemotherapy again . " Daniel underwent his first round of chemotherapy in February , a month after he was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma . But his parents were concerned about the treatment 's side effects , which typically include nausea , and decided to end the chemotherapy regimen and pursue holistic treatments instead . When Daniel 's oncologist learned of the decision to reject standard treatment , which doctors say is associated with a cure rate of as high as 90 percent , he asked a court to intervene to ensure the teen got chemotherapy . Doctors say that , without it , the disease would likely prove fatal . But last week , before the court could act , Colleen Hauser packed up her son and flew with him to Southern California , from where they were planning to continue to Mexico to seek alternative alternative medical treatment . She said he would have run on his own had she not helped him flee . She changed her mind before crossing the border and returned this week with Daniel to Minnesota , where the family agreed to comply with whatever treatment the court ordered . A medical examination revealed that the boy 's tumor had grown since he was diagnosed and the boy 's doctor recommended he resume chemotherapy . After examining the boy on Monday , Dr. Michael Richards estimated the tumor 's size at 5.3 inches by 5.1 inches by 6.3 inches , and said it was "  protruding outside the chest wall . " He said initiation this week of standard chemotherapy treatment was "  imperative . " Richards recommended at least another five cycles of chemotherapy followed by radiation , and added that the "  goal will be to include alternative therapies in which the family is interested , as long as there is not data to suggest that a particular danger exists with any alternative medicine . " District Court Judge John Rodenberg originally took custody of the boy away from his parents , but returned him to his family on the condition that they comply with the recommendations of the cancer specialist . Hodgkin 's lymphoma is a cancer that affects the lymphatic system , which is part of the immune system . As the disease progresses , it compromises a body 's ability to fight infection . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this story .	Daniel Hauser started second round of chemotherapy this week , spokesman says Daniel "  angry and depressed " at being forced to undergo chemo , Jim Navarro says 13-year-old needs chemotherapy , doctors and court say Mother took him out of the state to seek alternative treatment , returned this week
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- You might excuse Ben Silbermann , co-founder and CEO of photo-sharing site Pinterest , if he looks a little overwhelmed these days . Pinterest , which encourages users to collect images of their passions on digital pinboards and share them with others , has exploded in popularity in recent months . Reporters are besieging the soft-spoken 29-year-old for interviews . And on Tuesday , Silbermann found himself blinking under stage lights at the South By Southwest Interactive conference , where more than 1,000 tech-literate folks packed a hall to hear him talk about his website -- one that few people had heard of six months ago . "  It 's a really humbling feeling that all these people are using something that you helped make , " he said during a Q&A with Hunch co-founder Chris Dixon . Their chat , a last-minute addition to the SXSW schedule , was one of the more talked-about events at the tech festival . Pinterest has more than 11 million unique monthly users , according to recent numbers from Internet-monitoring firm comScore , and has more than doubled its audience over the past six months . The average Pinterest user spends some 98 minutes per month on the site -- more than any other social platform except Tumblr and Facebook . And Pinterest is responding to its newfound popularity with a few changes . Silbermann said the site will soon roll out profile pages that have been redesigned to look "  more beautiful " and to display users ' influencers more prominently . An iPad app is also in the works , he said , although he declined to give a release date . Many of Pinterest 's core users have employed the site as a sort of online scrapbook to catalog their hobbies . The service has proved especially popular with women who use it to store and share crafts , recipes , wedding tips and home-decorating ideas . But Silbermann said that people are finding more surprising uses for the site as well . He cited the Museum of Modern Art in New York , which shares images from its collection ; a woman in Spain who shares elaborate travel guides to cities she 's visited ; and a political parody page that displays GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney 's "  yacht collection . " "  It 's exciting to see people using the product in ways we never expected , " he said . It 's a far cry from two years ago , when Pinterest was struggling to find an audience . A Yale grad with no engineering background , Silbermann worked for Google before launching Pinterest with some friends in late 2009 . Real-time text feeds were the rage at the time , and some observers felt that an image-based pinboard was doomed to fail . Nine months later , the site still had less than 10,000 users . "  I think I personally wrote to the first 5,000 users , " said Silbermann , who also gave the site 's users his cell phone number and met some of them for coffee . "  A lot of people ask , ` Why did you keep going ? Why did n't you bail ? ' " he said . "  I think the idea of telling people , ` We blew it , ' was just too embarrassing . " Small but steady growth , and a belief in their product , kept his team going . As recently as last summer , Silbermann and a few programmers were running Pinterest from a small apartment . But then the site began to gain traction and tech blogs took notice . "  It was surreal , " he said . Now he 's fending off copycat sites and answering the inevitable tech-media questions about scale and monetization . Silbermann , unlike some tech CEOs , sounds as though he 'd rather talk about his product . "  To me , boards are a very human way of seeing the world , " he said . "  It -LSB- Pinterest -RSB- is about helping people to discover things they did n't know they wanted -- things that feel like they 've been handpicked just for you . "	Ben Silbermann is co-founder and CEO of photo-sharing site Pinterest Silbermann spoke on Tuesday at SXSW Interactive Pinterest "  is about helping people to discover things they did n't know they wanted , " he says The fast-growing site has more than 11 million unique monthly users
CNN  -- Margaret Thatcher is best known for her domestic economic policy changes , from lifting exchange controls and slashing marginal tax rates , to privatizing state-run industries and bringing the labor unions back under the rule of law . She also ushered in an era of contracting out which saw local city services soar in quality while costs plunged , and she gave tenants of public housing units a legal right to buy at deeply discounted prices . She changed the landscape . Millions bought their own homes and many more millions started buying shares for the first time . Self-employment became a real vogue and a venture capital industry emerged and grew like Topsy . Over 11 and a half years in power she became an international icon , regularly facing down terrorists and military dictators , from the Iran Embassy siege through the Falkland Islands war , to the bomb happy IRA who nearly got her scalp one fall in the infamous Brighton bomb . European Union bureaucrats in Brussels trembled at her approach and the regular tongue lashings . The noun handbag became a verb as in "  to be handbagged , " namely hit over the head with a fashion accessory that was rumored to contain a brick . The inside joke was : Rome was n't built in a day but then Margaret was n't foreman on that job . Used Thatcher handbags went for thousands at fundraising auctions . It was all a bit of an exaggeration , as she did worry a great deal about some of her more radical policies . Her policy of privatizing the commanding heights of the economy which had been nationalized by the socialists  1945-1951  turned rotten tax-guzzling behomeths into nimble world-class tax-paying companies . This started a worldwide trend which continues to this day . She worked closely throughout his two terms with U.S. President Ronald Reagan . They had met twice in the mid 1970s , both times a one hour appointment which ended up going beyond three hours . It was husband Denis Thatcher who first spotted Reagan 's talents when he spoke at a London business dinner , and sped to their Flood St , Chelsea , home to tell his wife that this man was really right up her street . She started with Jimmy Carter in the White House  he complained that he could not get a word in edgeways with her  and ended with the first Bush , notably with her famous advice on Kuwait : "  Do n't go wobbly on me , George . " But it was Reagan with whom she really solidified the transatlantic bridge . They fell out only once when she roasted him for not alerting her to the invasion of Grenada . He put her on speakerphone in the Oval Office and let her blast away , before telling her that he had been warned not to alert her because her Foreign Office leaked so badly . He could not risk American lives just for the sake of briefing a friend , however close . It was of course the steadfastness of the president , the pope , and the prime minister which brought down that wall and destroyed the evil empire without a shot being fired . She was the first leader to visit Reagan after he won power and the last to visit him as his second term ended . When she did not share his passion for horse riding Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II took care of matters . Margaret , or Lady T as we all called her after her elevation to the Upper House , loved America . She had toured coast to coast , north to south . She went twice in the late 1960s , firstly as a guest of the State Department -- which openly touted her as a future prime minister -- and secondly as a lecturer for the U.S. branch of the English Speaking Union . It was said by her Downing Street staff that the second she set foot in America there was a new spring in her step and she lost ten years . Thatcher loved it when the communists in Moscow early on labeled her the Iron Lady . They thought it was an insult , but she turned it into a compliment and went on to melt the Iron Curtain . She and Reagan never believed a word of Soviet propaganda . As early as 1950 , when she first stood for parliament in her early 20s , she said that as long as we stick to principle we have nothing to fear from Russian communism . What an astonishing prediction from an astonishing woman . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Blundell	European Union bureaucrats in Brussels trembled at her approach and the regular tongue lashings , writes Blundell Thatcher worked closely throughout his two terms with U.S. President Ronald Reagan Blundell : Margaret loved it when the communists in Moscow early on labeled her the Iron Lady
CNN  -- He had a 1966 Volkswagen bus , scraggly beard and a penchant for the arts . She had blonde hair and liked the Grateful Dead . That was all they needed . Craig Rutman poses poolside with the Grateful Dead 's Bob Weir before a 1997 show in Reno , Nevada . "  I knew right away she was not like other girls , other girls , " muses Mark Goldfarb of Woodstock , New York , quoting the Grateful Dead song , "  Scarlet Begonias . " On a fateful day 28 years ago , Goldfarb began a shaggy odyssey of love at a Grateful Dead concert when he literally bumped into his future wife , Diane . Over the years , he has been to more than 125 Grateful Dead concerts . The band literally changed his life . Goldfarb , who now makes moccasins for a living , is excited about the Grateful Dead 's new tour . The surviving members of the band will be reuniting for 19 shows this year . He went to see them during their last organized tour five years ago . "  What was special about the Dead is you had a group of highly talented musicians who were able to get a sense of the audience , " Goldfarb said . "  When the audience was off , the band would be off . There was a lot of back-and-forth energy . " Back in the late '70s and well into the '80s , Goldfarb traveled the West Coast in a Volkswagen van playing music for a belly-dancing troupe at Renaissance festivals . Along the way , he went to Grateful Dead concerts whenever he could . He sent a photo of his now short-haired self to show the "  then and now " contrast . Though he lives now in Woodstock , New York , he missed the two large music festivals in his town . A businessman now , Goldfarb says he feels he 's grown up in a lot of ways . The old bus is gone , but he dreams of getting another . iReport.com : See the before-and-after contrast of this Deadhead "  I was a huge fan , I still love the music , but like I said times change . Interests change , " he says . Readers across the board said the band has stood the test of time because of the personal connection they brought to the music they played . iReport.com : What does the Grateful Dead mean to you ? Indeed , the revival has Craig Rutman of Apex , North Carolina , excited to revisit his past . His brother , a caterer , often provided food for the band and this gave Rutman access to members of the band . He has seen more than 200 shows and been backstage to meet the band . He and his young daughter Laura met bandmember Bob Weir poolside in Reno , Nevada , in 1997 . Rutman said Weir is always cordial and friendly . "  Whether it was backstage or poolside , whenever I saw him , Bobby always took the time with whoever came by to talk , share a joke or sign an autograph , " Rutman said . After the pool-side meeting , the Rutmans attended what would be the toddler 's first show . iReport.com : See photos poolside with Weir and at the concert later that day "  I sat way in the back of a general admission show to keep her from the crowd and the loud music , but we had a wonderful time nonetheless , " Rutman said . Steve Maaske of Omaha , Nebraska , said one of his fondest memories is seeing the band in East Troy , Wisconsin , on the "  Wave the flag " tour . He even plans to make the Chicago , Illinois , and Denver , Colorado , stops on the current schedule . It 's a good year for a new Dead tour , he says . "  We have a new ` just off the shelf ' president in Barack Obama , some clear optimism for the future of this country , and hey , gas prices for that VW bus are lookin ' pretty good about now . " iReport.com : See a picture of a colorful Volkswagen bus at the show Greg Sarafan , 19 , of Suffern , New York , last saw the band at a summertime Obama rally at Pennsylvania State University . He 's hoping to catch them on tour , and says he was amazed to see the diversity of people interested in the band . "  I was sitting next to people that were my father 's age and older . It was an interesting experience , " he said . Sarafan likes to create works of art inspired by the band and has decorated his car with dancing multi-colored bears . He says the music is timeless , and he learned about it from his parents . iReport.com : See a picture of the tie-dyed fruit falling near the tree Like his father many years before him , Sarafan as a young man snuck out of the house to see the Grateful Dead perform . Does Dad know ? "  He does now , " responds Sarafan , who says he was in trouble at first , but things slowly changed between father and son . "  When I reminded -LSB- my father -RSB- that he did sneak away to see the Grateful Dead , he kinda did n't care as much , " he said . Geoff Feusahrens of Monterey , California , also represents the younger generation of Grateful Dead fans . He was born in 1979 and never got to see the band in its heyday , but likes classic rock and the Grateful Dead in particular . "  I like how they are a jam band , " says Feusahrens , who has seen the band perform about eight times . "  You go to their concerts and you hang out . There 's lots of people there and good music and history and I just fell in love with it . " He got married October 11 , 2008 , and decided to have a cake decorated with a Grateful Dead motif . Though the wedding was mostly traditional , he had Deadhead cufflinks and rock-themed tables at the reception . One of the tables had a Dead theme and "  Eyes of the World , " one of the band 's songs , was played . iReport.com : See Feusahrens all gussied up for the occasion He plans to see the last show on the 2009 tour when it stops nearby in Mountain View and previously saw them perform during the 2004 series . The band figures importantly in his life . Feusahrens and Goldfarb , too , have in common precious love affairs joined together by the Grateful Dead . Perhaps the band 's own lyrics from that same song , "  Scarlet Begonias , " say it best . iReport.com : See Goldfarb 's expression of "  grateful " feelings about his wife "  Well , I ai n't always right but I 've never been wrong . Seldom turns out the way it does in a song . "	iReport.com : Grateful Dead tributes shared as band plans new tour in 2009 Mark Goldfarb met his wife at a Dead concert and drove a Volkswagen bus Craig Rutman has seen more than 200 shows and met the band members Steve Maaske says now is the perfect time for a tour after the historic election
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama sought to reassure and inspire Bostonians reeling from the deadly marathon bombing , telling them that America stood with their grieving city and promised : "  We 'll keep going . We will finish the race . " With Holy Cross Cathedral packed with first responders , families of victims , political luminaries past and present , and members of the public , Obama called Thursday 's interfaith service a chance to "  mourn and measure our loss . " Standing at the podium , he said the bombing , being investigated as a terrorist act , was personal for millions of Americans who , in a myriad of ways , identify with the Hub . "  Every one of us stands with you , " he said . "  Boston may be your hometown -- but we claim it , too . " Injecting the experiences of he and his wife , Michelle , as law students just across the Charles River at Harvard and as a rising political figure at the 2004 Democratic convention , Obama said Boston 's spirit remains "  undaunted and the spirit of this country shall remain undimmed . " The moment is something Obama , like other presidents before him , has become familiar with in the wake of national tragedy . Among disasters on Obama 's watch : A tornado in Joplin , Missouri , and mass shootings at Fort Hood , Texas ; Tucson , Arizona ; Aurora , Colorado , and last December 's school massacre in Newtown , Connecticut . Consoler-in-chief is a role modern presidents have become accustomed to filling , said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . "  It 's an important role for presidents , " Zelizer said . "  Part of what the country wants is a figure who gets us through a particular crisis . " Obama 's appearance at Boston 's main Catholic church and visits with some of those injured at hospitals was an inflection point between the tragic chaos of three days ago and the intensifying investigation , which entered a new phase on Thursday with the release of a video by authorities showing two men they call suspects . "  We come together to pray and mourn and measure our loss , " Obama said . "  But we also come together today to reclaim that state of grace -- to reaffirm that the spirit of this city is undaunted and the spirit of this country shall remain undimmed . " The service was attended by Mitt Romney , Obama 's Republican rival in last year 's election and a former Massachusetts governor and a Boston-based business executive . "  I thought the president gave a superb address to the people of this city and the state and the nation , " Romney said . "  It was an inspiring day . " Obama 's tone on Thursday was markedly different from the day before when he invoked the memory of mass shooting victims following a setback in the Senate for gun control priorities he supported . He called that legislative outcome "  a pretty shameful day in Washington . " Obama has been frustrated many times on the legislative front since taking office in 2009 , but it has never hampered his ability to communicate to the public that he is in control , Zelizer said . "  There 's a little bit of a preacher in him and that 's something that has always drawn some people to him , " Zelizer said . "  It gets more powerful and poignant as the speech goes forward . " And as he has on previous occasions when tasked with rallying mourners , Obama vowed that the nation 's spirit remains undaunted . "  Of that I have no doubt , you will run again , " Obama said to applause in Boston as he projected optimism . "  You will run again , because that 's what the people of Boston are made of . " "  We 'll keep going . We will finish the race . "	Obama has had to offer words to a grieving nation on several occasions Americans look to a president to act as "  consoler-in-chief " Obama 's natural "  preacher-like " style lends itself to speeches designed to sooth ; rally
CNN  As they took their seats on a TransAsia Airways flight that crashed in Taipei on Wednesday , Lin Ming-wei and his young family were looking forward to a vacation on Kinmen , an island in the Taiwan Strait . Minutes later , Lin was fighting his way out of the plane 's wreckage and searching frantically for his toddler in the shallow , murky waters of the Keelung River . He searched for three minutes before spotting his son 's feet in the water . "  When he pulled him out , he had no heartbeat , " Lin Ming-wei 's brother , using his English name Chris Lin , told CNN . "  His lips were blue . There was no sign of life in him . " Lin Ming-wei did n't give up , performing CPR on his son . "  He is my only child . I absolutely have to save his life -- I ca n't lose him , " the Liberty Times newspaper quoted him as saying . The 2 1/2 - year-old boy made it and was in a hospital Thursday , about to be discharged from the intensive care unit as he battles pneumonia , his uncle said . Chris Lin said that his brother , Lin Ming-wei , suffered some scratches , while his sister-in-law fractured some bones and is recovering well after surgery on her left hand . "  My brother was really grateful for the rescue teams  and  the pilot , " said Chris Lin . "  Because of  the pilot 's  heroic act , he was able to save a lot of people -- and allow our family to survive . " Chris Lin refuted earlier claims by local media that the Lin family switched seats before takeoff after a noise made his brother uneasy and it was this hunch that saved the family from death . He told CNN on Monday that his brother and family switched seats at the check-in desk and not when they were on the plane . Chris Lin said his brother told him the plane suddenly dropped after its left engine lost power . After it hit the water , Lin Ming-wei -- who was strapped to his seat and upside down -- unbuckled himself before helping free his wife , the brother said . A fire department rescue worker who was one of the first on the scene said the cabin was already chest-deep in water when he entered . "  Many passengers were tangled up in their seat belts and hung upside down , " the Taipei Times quoted him as saying . Huang Chin-shun , 72 , said he helped save four lives by unclipping safety belts . "  Shortly after taking off , I felt something was not right , " he told CNN affiliate ETTV . "  I thought : ` something 's wrong with the engine , ' because I always take this flight . " Thirteen people were saved in the initial rescue effort but progress slowed and water had completely filled the fuselage by evening , when a crane lifted it from the water . The Lins were not the only ones to have a lucky escape . As the out-of-control plane spiraled into the river on the outskirts of the island 's capital , it clipped a taxi traveling along an elevated highway . The driver , 52-year-old Chou Hsi-tung , and his female passenger sustained only minor injuries from shattered fragments of windshield glass . Photographs showed a yellow Volkswagen with a flattened windshield and engine hood . After the plane hit , the taxi driver made a shocking report to dispatchers . "  I just brought a passenger up unto Huandong , and as I was getting on  the expressway  , a plane flew by and hit me , " he said , according to an audio recording of the call released by taxi company Crown Taxi . "  A remote-controlled model plane ? " the dispatcher asked . "  My car is completely wrecked , " Chou replied , going on to explain that it was n't a remote-controlled plane , but a manned plane . "  Huh ? " the puzzled dispatcher responded . "  Are there any casualties ? " The driver described the dire situation : "  The whole thing fell into the Keelung River . My passenger ca n't get out of the vehicle . My car 's wrecked . " According to the Taipei Times , Chou 's family did n't believe him at first when he telephoned home to say : "  I 'm OK . My car got into a crash . It was hit by an airplane . " CNN 's Vivian Kam and Mitra Mobasherat in Hong Kong , Shen Lu in Beijing and Greg Botelho and Catherine E. Shoichet in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Taxi driver to dispatch : "  A plane flew by and hit me " Lin Ming-wei 's son was blue with no heartbeat when his father spotted his feet in the water Lin 's family is one of a handful of survivors of this week 's airplane crash in Taiwan
CNN  -- The Middle East might account for less than one tenth of global private jet sales , but the passengers flying on the region 's luxury planes can be the most demanding in the world . "  Yes the people who fly our planes are demanding , and they have a right to be , " says Faisal Ghazi Kayal , managing director of Saudia Private Aviation . "  You 're talking about the businessmen who very much invented the rules of the game . " Capturing the small but significant patronage of the region 's super rich is becoming increasingly competitive as more private jet charter companies tap into a market that is expected to grow by around 12 % in the next two years , according to the Middle East Business Aviation Association . To do that "  it 's about offering the full experience , from pre-flight through to well after the plane has landed , " says Kayal . "  The journey does n't end with the aircraft landing , we have to think ` Where should we take him to , to which hotel ? ' " The in-flight experience is just one part of it , although private jet manufactures and companies that fit out jets are continually pushing the limits of what can be done to meet client needs on board . Later this month Lufthansa Technik is set to flight test its first steam shower aboard a Boeing 737 -- not an easy job given the hazard of creating pressure and heat within the cabin . Condensation also must not be allowed to form inside or on the plane 's structure . The royal treatment For Kayal 's clients who wish to be treated like kings , Royal Jet , the UAE-based charter company , actually caters for members of the Emirate 's royal family . The company is jointly owned by Abu Dhabi Aviation and the Presidential Flight Authority , the royal flight service . "  It 's like having a fleet of boutique hotels , " says Shane O'Hare , the company 's CEO , from the luxurious confines of one of the firm 's 737 Boeing Business Jets . Cultural needs are taken into particular consideration . "  Among Arab clients there is a desire for separate areas for men and women and they are very specific where the bedroom may be located , " says O'Hare . "  It 's important that the bedrooms are located near the front of the plane , while for some other markets its OK for them to be located near the back ; so configurations are very important . " Other business jet manufacturers like Gulfstream find their larger models are more popular in the region . They attribute the popularity to how many more high net worth individuals in the region travel with extended families , than those from other parts of the world . "  Gray market " Together Saudi Arabia and the UAE account for around 70 % of the private jet market in the Middle East and North Africa , according to Middle East Business Aviation Association , but there are some clouds on the horizon for the charter companies . One of the biggest problems they face in the region is the "  gray market " -- planes owned by private individuals who then rent them out without having to go through the same regulatory scrutiny  or expense  of the charter companies . "  It 's like having unlicensed taxi cabs , " says O'Hare . "  There is a network or brokers out there who cater for this and it actually undercuts the legitimate businesses . " "  We like competition but we like competition that is fair and legal . It 's a very expensive business to be in , the margins are razor thin , and we 'd prefer it to be an industry of well-funded organizations experienced in aviation rather than aviation enthusiasts -- the owner-operator syndrome . " This is one of the reasons companies like Royal Jet and Saudia Private Aviation are keen to highlight the safety and security of their planes and the experience of their pilots , as well as the level of service . Efforts are being made to close the loops in the system , according to Kayal , "  and ultimately it will be -LSB- fixed -RSB- , like in any maturing market . " Until then private jet charter companies will continue to provide luxury services and play the necessary "  game " in order to secure the loyalty of clients . "  The price has to be right and the product has to be right , " says Kayal .	Middle East 's private jet market expected to grow 12 % in next two years Configuration is important : Arab clients want separate areas for men and women Bathrooms must be located near the front of the plane Regional industry 's biggest problem is "  gray market " -- unlicensed renting by private individuals
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  Ferguson 's police chief is ducking questions about his department and his future there in the wake of a scathing federal report . "  I need to have time to really analyze this report so I can comment on it , " Chief Tom Jackson said Thursday in an exclusive interview with CNN . He spoke one day after the Justice Department released its 102-page report , which found rampant racism within the Ferguson Police Department . It specifically faulted officers for seeing residents as "  sources of revenue , " a practice that disproportionately targeted African-Americans . DOJ : No charges for Officer Darren Wilson When asked what he thought about the report , and what he planned to do about it , the chief said he would "  take action as necessary . " Asked whether that meant he would remain at the department , Jackson repeated himself : "  I 'm gon na take action where necessary . " Later , in response to the same question , he said : "  I will let you know . " Brown 's family to file civil lawsuit ` shortly ' Many have called for the chief to step down since the shooting death of Michael Brown . Brown , a black teenager , was shot by a white officer in August . His death triggered widespread protests , and calls to change policing practices in America . Obama : Ferguson police abuse ` not an isolated incident ' Sara Sidner reported this story in Ferguson . Dana Ford wrote it in Atlanta .	Justice Department report finds rampant racism within the Ferguson Police Department "  I need to have time to really analyze this report so I can comment on it , " Chief Tom Jackson says
CNN Student News  -- April 13 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Israel • Thailand • South Carolina Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : CNN Student News is ubiquitous ! It 's an old Word to the Wise meaning we 're all over the place : on HLN , online , on iTunes as a free , downloadable podcast . Wherever you are watching us , we thank you for checking out this Tuesday edition of our show . I 'm Carl Azuz ; this is your news for the classroom ! First Up : Nuclear Summit AZUZ : First up , how do you stop terrorists from getting hold of materials that could be used to make nuclear weapons ? Representatives from dozens of countries are trying to answer that very question at a meeting in Washington . The nuclear security summit being hosted by President Obama kicked off yesterday . It got going with some meetings between the president and other world leaders . Some critics have argued that President Obama 's position on nuclear weapons makes the U.S. look weak . But the president says this concern -- terrorists ending up with nuclear materials -- is the biggest threat to U.S. security . The goal of this summit is for all of the nations that are participating -- there are 47 of them -- to outline how they will each help control nuclear materials and keep them from being spread around the world . One of those countries , Ukraine , offered an answer for itself yesterday . It said it 'll get rid of its stock of enriched uranium , which can be used to make nuclear weapons , in the next two years . Congress Returns AZUZ : Over on Capitol Hill , Congress is back in session after a two-week spring break . The House starts back to work today . The Senate got going on Monday . One of the first things the Senate wants to look at is a bill that would extend unemployment benefits . You might remember that this bill was supposed to be voted on before the break . That did n't happen because of debate over how the legislation would be paid for . Recession Over ? AZUZ : "  It ai n't over 'til it 's over . " Words that could be applied to the recession . The National Bureau of Economic Research -- that is the only group that can officially announce when a recession begins and ends -- says it 's just too early to tell about this one . It does n't know if it 's over yet , or at least , it wo n't say . Yesterday , the group acknowledged that some economic indicators have started turning in the right direction . Experts point out that the wait-and-see strategy is n't unusual . The NBER has n't announced the end date of other recent recessions until more than a year after they were over . Fast Facts MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for some Fast Facts . The word "  holocaust " describes a destruction that involves a massive loss of life . In history , the Holocaust refers to the systematic killings that were carried out by Nazi Germany . It took place during World War II . Six million Jews and millions of other people were killed during the Holocaust . Holocaust Remembrance Day AZUZ : Those victims on the minds of people all over the world as the start of this week marked Holocaust Remembrance Day . In Hebrew , it 's called Yom Hashoah . And in Israel , which is home to more than 200,000 Holocaust survivors , it involves ceremonies and memorials like this one , where people stand up and read the names of family members who were killed by the Nazis . You hear sirens ; you see cars stopping on the street , people getting out . It 's because of those sirens . Those are announcing a two-minute moment of silence to remember the victims of the holocaust . One American teen is doing that in his own way through this Web site . It 's called "  Each Of Us Has a Name , " and it was started by Zak Kolar , who 's 14 years old . The site is a collection of the names of Jewish Holocaust victims . Zak 's goal is to remember and honor them not just as a group of six million people , but as individuals . Thailand Protests AZUZ : In Thailand , the government has canceled any activities planned around the country 's New Year 's celebration because of ongoing protests . Demonstrators have been facing off with police forces for days . And over the weekend , those clashes turned violent . 21 people were killed , including civilians and members of the military . More than 850 other people were injured . The protesters are called Red Shirts . They want Thailand 's prime minister to break up parliament , call for new elections , and leave the country . They support the country 's former prime minister , who was removed from power in 2006 and fled from Thailand in 2008 while facing corruption charges . The government declared a state of emergency last week ; that allowed security forces to break up large gatherings . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Vigil 's class at Euclid Middle School in Littleton , Colorado ! What color collar is associated with jobs that involve manual labor ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Red , B  Yellow , C  White or D  Blue ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Blue-collar jobs often involve manual labor and a type of uniform . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! The New Blue-Collar AZUZ : Factory workers , construction workers , repairmen : These are all examples of blue-collar jobs . Many of these workers have faced some struggles recently , including being hit hard by the recession . But one South Carolina company is trying to overcome that by combining old and new ideas and changing what it means to be a blue-collar worker . Tony Harris shows us how . BEGIN VIDEO TONY HARRIS , CNN NEWSROOM ANCHOR : Snapshots in time of manufacturing 's past in the deep South , when cotton was king . The textile industry employed hundreds of thousands of workers over the last century . Today , most of those textile jobs are gone . This is all that 's left of that dying industry : empty , decaying factories . Jobs gone overseas where they can be done cheaper . Even jobs that stayed were fewer than before . Automation meant companies could do more with less labor . The recession saw South Carolina 's unemployment rate more than double in just two years to 12.6 percent , the highest in two decades . Now , South Carolina is fighting back , turning things around with a different approach to manufacturing . Welcome to the new , high-tech factory operated by Adex Machining Company , owned by a couple of Georgia Tech grads , Sean Witty and Jason Premo . The shop makes parts for the aerospace and energy industries . Employees spend as much time in the office as in the plant . They get their hands dirty , but their brains are stimulated . You might call these guys the new blue-collar worker . They do n't just operate machines , they program the machine , telling it where to drill . Then they head to the factory floor and make it happen . RONNIE SADDLER , CNC PROGRAMMER : You get to see the finished work , is what I really love about it . We take what 's on paper and we bring it to life . HARRIS : They make mathematical computations on the fly if adjustments are needed . STEVE MARKS , CNC PROGRAMMER : C point 038 . HARRIS : Each worker is a computer programmer , machinist and quality control engineer ; what typically was three different jobs now wrapped up in one . It 's called lean manufacturing , and the workers love it . SEAN WITTY , CO-OWNER , ADEX MACHINING : In the assembly line method , you might just have a single person who does a single task all day long and that 's all they do . It 's repetitive . It does n't tax the mind . It 's simple work . And really , what you 're seeing is that the world has changed . HARRIS : And it pays like a white-collar job does , from $ 50,000 to as much as $ 80,000 a year , depending on experience and job training . Unlike in an assembly line factory , the employees say they feel empowered . MARKS : It 's hands-on . You get to actually make something , but you still have to think about what you 're doing . HARRIS : Sean is hoping to change the negative stereotype of manufacturing in hopes of drawing more young people into the industry and help American industry get back on top again . WITTY : I think a lot of people associate manufacturing with 20 and 30 years ago , when Detroit was big . It was very dirty . It was very long hours . Your boss beat up on you all day . But that 's changed . We work with our employees . It 's not a boss-man mentality . Very much , we 're asking them , what are your ideas ? How is the best way to produce this ? HARRIS : Tony Harris , CNN , Atlanta . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Before a lot of you went on Spring Break , you were talking to us on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com about the issue of bullying . Almost 90 percent of you say you 've seen it . How do you stop it ? How do you deal with it ? We 've put up from our Web site , CNNStudentNews.com , some anti-bullying resources . They can get the conversation started in the fight against bullying . You 'll find them in the Spotlight section , along with videos . We 've got articles , online resources . All of it 's free ; all of it 's at CNNStudentNews.com . Check it out . Before We Go AZUZ : And before we go , your parents might have told you not to play with your food . They did n't say anything about your cups ! All right ! This is the World Sport Stacking Championships , where everyone pretty much follows the same pattern : You stack it up , flip it , knock it down . More than 700 stacking stars took part in the competition , representing every continent except Antarctica . The competition was fierce . Hundreds of personal bests ; two world records . Goodbye AZUZ : The contest was the perfect example of pure speed cup-led with skill . That 's gon na put a lid on today 's show . We hope you have an awesome day . Now , we know you 're coming back from Spring Break . Some of you are kind of dragging back into the rhythm of school . We always welcome you on CNN Student News , and we 'll always bring you your headlines , resuming tomorrow . I 'm Carl Azuz . We 'll see you then .	Find out what 's first up on the agenda as the Senate returns to session Witness how some people around the world mark Holocaust Remembrance Day Hear how a company is changing what it means to be a blue-collar worker Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
