Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- In Jordan and Lebanon , women married to foreigners are taking to the streets to fight for their children 's citizenship rights . In both countries , women who marry non-nationals are unable to confer nationality on their child or spouse , rendering their families foreigners in the eyes of the law , and denying them rights and access to key public services . In contrast , men from those countries who marry foreigners face no such obstacles . The same situation applied throughout most Arab countries until 2004 , when -- following years of campaigning by women 's groups -- Egypt changed its laws . In the subsequent years , reforms followed in Algeria , Morocco , Tunisia , Yemen , Libya , the Palestinian territories , the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain . But in Amman and Beirut , change is slow in coming . Nima Habashna , a 53-year-old Jordanian , has been campaigning for five years for citizenship to be granted to her children . She began her campaign online through a blog called "  My mother is Jordanian and her nationality is my right , " and last year took her activism to the streets . "  I am a citizen of this country , I pay taxes and it 's my right to be treated the same way a Jordanian man is treated , " she said . "  If we were in any other part of the world where democracy exists , we would n't have had to go through this to demand a basic right . " Habashna has six children with a Moroccan man she married in Jordan in 1974 . Since he left six years ago , the children have been in a state of limbo . Four have no passports , effectively rendering them stateless . The family must pay for public healthcare and education , freely available to their peers , because the children are not considered Jordanian . Read also : Saudi women slam dunk sports taboo Habashna 's 17-year-old daughter , Rola Habashna , says she is treated differently at school over the nationality issue , even though she was born and bred in the country . "  Even if I do n't have a Jordanian passport or citizenship , I consider myself Jordanian , " she said . "  I was born here , raised here and live my life like any other Jordanian . " An estimated 40,000 Jordanian women and children are affected by the country 's citizenship laws , according to government-funded think tank , the King Hussein Foundation . Among them is Salwa Al Arabi , the Jordanian wife of a Pakistani , who joined the protests after her three children repeatedly encountered problems over their nationality . She said it was unfair for the law to discriminate against people for whom they fall in love with . "  What can I do ? I found him and I loved him , and it 's destiny , " she said . "  Why ca n't we be like Egypt or Dubai ... they gave  the children  citizenship . " Habashna agreed : "  People say that the problem is with us marrying non-Jordanians , but it 's not that . The problem remains in the laws . " In Lebanon , where the same issue exists , women 's rights campaigners marched in the streets earlier this month to call for law reform . Lina Abou Habib , a Beirut-based activist who has campaigned on the issue throughout the region since 2002 , estimated 15,000 people in Lebanon were affected by the nationality laws . A year ago , campaigners handed a draft law to Lebanese Prime Minister Najib Mikati , and in March the issue was addressed by Cabinet for the first time , with a ministerial committee formed . But the committee has yet to meet and Abou Habib believes no action will be forthcoming any time soon . She said the reasons given by politicians to maintain the status quo -- including that doing so would upset Lebanon 's fragile demographic balance between the major faith groups -- does not hold water . "  The same politicians are asking for Lebanese nationality to be given to Lebanese immigrants , and we know this will actually benefit one particular confessional group over the others , " she said . Read also : Tire burning - from symbol of Lebanese conflict to sign of peace Another common justification is that changing the rules would encourage an influx of Palestinian refugees , and undermine the right of the estimated 400,000 Palestinians already living in Lebanon to return . "  We are talking about equal rights for Lebanese women and men , " said Abou Habib . "  There is no link between this and undermining the Palestinian cause . The real reason is our political system ... is incredibly patriarchal . " Jordan 's government takes a similar position , saying a large influx of refugees from the Palestinian territories , Iraq and Syria makes the issue a political problem . Nadia Hashem , Jordan 's women 's affairs minister , told CNN she was pursuing the issue . "  I sympathize with them quite a lot . I want to find a solution for these people , " she said . "  This business of falling in love business is a troublesome area . " But Habashna does not accept the ministry 's explanations for her predicament , and says she will continue her "  battle " until the laws are changed . "  There are a lot of given excuses , " she said . "  But the real deal is that it 's ... discrimination against women . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN and writer Tim Hume : @tim_hume and digital producer @mairicnn	In Jordan and Lebanon , the children of women married to foreigners are denied citizenship By contrast , men from those countries can confer their nationality on their families Neighboring countries have reformed similar laws over the past decade Politicians say changing the laws will create issues with refugee populations
CNN  -- There 'll be an old familiar face on "  Star Wars : The Clone Wars " tonight -- at least to anyone born before 1998 . Chewbacca , the most famous Wookiee of the Star Wars universe , is making his debut on the animated show 's Season 3 finale . And this time , he 's not voiced by some bear in San Diego , California , like Chewbacca was in the 1977 "  Star Wars " movie  now referred to as "  A New Hope . " The original guy-in-the-hair-suit , Peter Mayhew , voices the furry alien he brought to life all those years ago , and according to him , Chewie is a little bit younger and less experienced than the Wookiee most fans are familiar with . "  You take the ` Clone Wars ' Chewie and put him up against a picture of the ` Star Wars ' Chewie and they 're nearly identical , " he said . "  The magic is around the eyes , but also they got the character right . " That 's probably because "  Clone Wars " supervising director Dave Filoni made sure Mayhew came to the Skywalker Ranch so the show 's artists could learn how the original Chewbacca walked , moved his head and made facial expressions . "  Star Wars : The Clone Wars " is an animated show from Lucasfilm and Cartoon Network  whose parent company , Time Warner , also owns CNN  . It chronicles the adventures of the Jedi knights -- including a pre-Darth Vader Anakin Skywalker -- during a time of unrest in a galaxy far , far away . The movies , "  Attack of the Clones "  2002  and "  Revenge of the Sith "  2005  feature action from "  Clone Wars , " as well , but the cartoon takes place before the latter . "  Clone Wars " has also been diving into characters from what George Lucas and fans refer to as the "  Star Wars " extended universe , something Filoni is thoroughly geeking out about . "  The EU presents a ton of different ideas on all kinds of levels , and I do n't think I would say there 's anything that 's out of bounds . But I am very careful with it because there are huge , huge fans of those things in very specific niches , " he said . "  Like -LSB- the near-human Jedi tracker -RSB- Quinlan Vos was such a big deal , I thought , when we brought him out , " he said . "  The interesting thing that I 've come to realize is that a lot of kids ' first contact with Star Wars is ` Clone Wars . ' So they have a completely different point of view than like the older fans that I 'll talk to at conventions . And those two groups have completely different concerns , " Filoni said . ` Robot Chicken , ' Lucas and ` Buffy ' For example , many young fans of "  Clone Wars " believe that the clones and Anakin Skywalker are really good guys , he said . But older fans who have seen "  Revenge of the Sith " know that the ultimate betrayal is brewing . And older fans know about Luke Skywalker , Princess Leia , Darth Vader and other characters that , although are not portrayed in "  Clone Wars , " are tied to the events that unfold within the cartoon series . Tonight 's introduction of Chewbacca might be the first time some kids come into contact with the tall , lovable Wookiee , Filoni said . "  So now , they 'll know him as this character that was on the ` Clone Wars ' with the sofitano , and when they see ' A New Hope ' they 'll look at him and go , ` Oh , that 's the guy that was with the -LSB- Anakin Skywalker 's Jedi padawan , Ahsoka Tano -RSB- , ' which is completely different from how we older fans remember it , " he said . Mayhew , always mobbed at fan conventions , knows that today 's children will love Chewie just as much as children in the 1970s and 1980s did . "  I think it 's because he is so friendly , " Mayhew said . "  And he is a cuddly teddy bear . He 's like the next door neighbor who looks after everybody . He 's the big brother , the security blanket , and this appeals to a lot of people . Chewie is very special to a lot of people , and especially to me . " How Katie used "  The Force " Older fans love Chewbacca for his heroism , said Kathleen Saracen , the manager of Titan Games and Comics in Smyrna , Georgia . "  In a nutshell , he goes on to be a great hero and he dies saving a lot of lives , " she said . "  He gets one of the coolest deaths in the Star Wars universe . A planet crashes into him . Well , a moon , technically . " Filoni knows there are those fans who scrutinize the introduction of Chewbacca . "  When we do a character like Chewbacca and there 's an immense amount of continuity going on with the icon characters like that , we have to be very careful . So in some ways the less I say about specifics the better , you know ? I do n't even have to get in to some of that stuff to tell the stories that I 'm telling , " Filoni said . Why would some fans be so worked up about whether or not "  Clone Wars " gets Chewbacca right ? "  We really grew up with these movies , " Saracen said . "  These were the things we turned to when we were bored or we were upset . In my case , my parents were n't home , and these were my babysitters sometimes . Certainly not every day , but I definitely watched "  Star Wars " a ton when I was growing up . And I think it inhabits a place in your psyche and your heart where you sit down , you watch it and everything 's OK . "	Ready for a dose of Chewbacca ? Tune in to Cartoon Network tonight at 8 p.m. EST Chewbacca makes his debut on "  Star Wars : The Clone Wars " "  Clone Wars " is introducing EU characters into stories
CNN  -- Rwandan President Paul Kagame has won re-election with 93 percent of the vote , with all districts counted , the Rwandan National Electoral Commission said Wednesday . Turnout was registered at just over 95 percent , it said . Electoral observers had expected the outcome , and Kagame claimed victory after early results gave him a huge lead in the nation 's second presidential race since the 1994 genocide . Observers said the voting was peaceful and "  largely accurate . " Kagame welcomed the early results at a massive party Tuesday at the national stadium in the capital of Kigali . Thousands of supporters got free drinks and danced to live music . "  This is your victory , this is a victory for all Rwandans , " Kagame said during the celebration speech , in vernacular Kinyarwanda . "  Our development depends on you . " Human rights groups had expressed concern over violence and repression leading up to the vote , but Salim Ahmed Salim , chairman of the Commonwealth Observation Group , lauded the polling as transparent . "  Elections in Rwanda were conducted in a peaceful atmosphere , " Salim said . "  The count in the polling stations was transparent and conducted fairly . " But while the vote was highly organized and efficient -- thousands of people had lined up before dawn at polling stations across the country -- observers said Rwanda 's democracy faces challenges that include issues of political inclusion and press freedoms . "  There was a lack of critical opposition voices , " Salim said . "  Each case appears to be different , but the overall impact is a concern . " Of three aspiring candidates , two are under arrest and another has fled to Europe . Three other candidates cleared by Rwanda 's electoral commission ran on platforms similar to Kagame 's and praised him throughout their campaigns . The only representatives at many polling stations were members of the ruling party , observers said . "  That , frankly , disappointed us , " said Salim , though he placed responsibility on the opposition parties . "  This right is a key transparency issue . " The vote comes 16 years after Rwanda 's genocide left at least 800,000 people dead . Militias made up of ethnic Hutus slaughtered ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus nationwide in 100 days of violence . The killing ended when Tutsi-led militias backing Kagame ousted the Hutu government supporting the massacre . In the aftermath , Kagame transformed his country , turning it into one of the fastest growing nations in Africa and -- in the view of some -- a model of economic and social development . Kagame 's administration has mixed patriotic rhetoric with strict rules in an attempt to recreate society , and recently changed the official language for schools to English , rather than French . "  Liberation is a process , " said Tito Rutaremara , the chairman of Kagame 's party , the Rwandan Patriotic Front , and also the country 's ombudsman . "  We want to create the nation . "	NEW : Paul Kagame wins re-election with 93 percent of the vote NEW : Turnout was just over 95 percent , electoral commission says Kagame had already welcomed early results The election is the nation 's second presidential race since the 1994 genocide
CNN  -- A Liberian doctor who received the same Ebola experimental treatment as two Americans has died , officials said . Dr. Abrahim Borbor died Sunday evening after contracting Ebola at a hospital in Monrovia , officials at a treatment facility in the Liberian capital said . Borbor used ZMapp , the same drug given to two Americans who had Ebola . The Democratic Republic of Congo is also reporting new Ebola cases in a northern town , sparking fears that the deadly virus is expanding far beyond West Africa . Two people in Gera tested positive for Ebola , a government spokesman said Sunday . The country 's health minister confirmed the cases in a televised statement . "  We 're going to provide essential medication in all medical institutions in the area of Gera but also free health treatment for the duration of the epidemic , " Felix Kabange Numbi said . A lab and quarantine station have been set up in the town , which is about 750 miles from the capital of Kinshasa . The central African nation said its test showed that the strain is different from the one that has killed nearly 1,500 people in the West African nations of Guinea , Sierra Leone , Liberia and Nigeria . "  This epidemic does n't have any link to that which is now happening in West Africa , " Numbi said . There are five identified strains of the Ebola virus ; four are known to cause infections in humans : Bundibugyo ebolavirus , Zaire ebolavirus , Sudan ebolavirus , and TaÃ ¯ Forest ebolavirus . The World Health Organization said the agency 's lab is conducting its own confirmation testing that will also determine the strain of the virus found . Experts have described the West African outbreak as the worst in the history of the virus . Ebola first appeared in 1976 in Sudan and Congo , and takes its name from a river in the latter nation . Congo has had six previous outbreaks since the disease appeared on its shores , the World Health Organization said . Africa has been limited to three strains : Bundibugyo , Sudan and Zaire . Last week , 13 people died of a mysterious ailment in the Boende area in Congo , but the WHO said at the time that their deaths were a result of a "  viral hemorrhagic fever of undetermined origin . " Ebola is one of the world 's most virulent diseases and is transmitted through direct contact with blood or other bodily fluids of infected people . The outbreak has forced various nations to take drastic action , including Ivory Coast , which said it is closing borders it shares with Guinea and Liberia for an indefinite period . Senegal also closed its borders over Ebola fears . The closure includes any aircraft and ships traveling to Senegal from Guinea , Sierra Leone or Liberia . A major outbreak in Congo would be catastrophic ; it shares borders with nine nations , including Rwanda , Uganda and Burundi . Borders closing over Ebola fears Deadliest outbreak : What you need to know What happens when you survive Ebola ? CNN 's Nima Elbagir , Joyce Joseph , Nana Karikari-apau and Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report .	NEW : Liberian doctor who got the same treatment as two Americans dies Two people in the Democratic Republic of Congo test positive for Ebola Tests showed it 's a different strain from the one in West Africa U.N. agency says confirmation testing is underway
CNN  -- One of the most dramatic Grand Nationals in recent years ended in victory for 25-1 shot Pineau De Re , who ran on relentlessly to capture Britain 's most iconic horse race . Ridden by Leighton Aspell for doctor-turned-trainer Richard Newland , Saturday 's victory capped a fairytale return to racing for the jockey , following his premature retirement from the sport in 2007 . Veteran jockey Richard Johnson narrowly failed to break his 17-year Grand National duck , finishing second on Balthazar King , ahead of A.P. McCoy and Double Seven in third and Alvarado , ridden by Paul Moloney , in fourth . The 167th edition of the most famous race in the National Hunt calendar did nothing to dispel its reputation as the ultimate test for horse and rider . Horses must jump 30 obstacles over the four-mile course , including notorious fences The Chair and Becher 's Brook . Two false starts delayed proceedings at the Aintree course near Liverpool , the race eventually getting under way in driving rain without Battle Group , who refused to start . An error-strewn opening circuit saw further casualties , and just 18 horses completed the race . Many of the favorites , including Teaforthree , Long Run and Triolo D'Alene , succumbed to the course 's notoriously challenging obstacles . By the halfway stage , loose horses were scattered among the runners . One of the most significant incidents occurred when a riderless Tidal Bay , having earlier parted company with jockey Sam Twiston-Davies , loomed upside the leader , Across The Bay , and carried him across the course and effectively out of the race . Across The Bay managed to rejoin the field and eventually finished 17th . Pineau De Rey 's victory was memorable for both jockey and trainer . The 37-year-old Aspell spent two years working as assistant to flat trainer John Dunlop before making a surprise comeback to race riding in 2009 . Trainer Dr. Richard Newland is a registered physician with around a dozen horses in training . He has quickly established a reputation as a trainer skilled at refreshing older horses , such as the 11-year-old Pineau De Re . The race has been marred by deaths in past years , but this time all 40 horses and jockeys returned safe and sound . "  It has given us greater confidence in the measures taken to make Aintree safer for horses , " Mark Kennedy , head of science for animal welfare at World Society for the Protection of Animals , told CNN . "  In the UK alone , for each thousand horses that start a jump race , four will die . At this level of risk fatalities are not freak events ; they are predictable . "	25-1 outsider wins prestigious Grand National at Aintree course in England Pineau De Re comes home ahead of Balthazar King in grueling 30-fence race Caps fine comeback for winning jockey Leighton Aspell , who quit in 2007
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israel Chamber Orchestra performed works of Adolf Hitler 's favorite composer Richard Wagner in Germany on Tuesday in the composer 's home town of Bayreuth . Israeli orchestras have held back from performing Wagner 's music in the past because of its use in Nazi propaganda during World War II . The 19th century composer was known for his anti Semitic views and performances of his music in Israel are considered insensitive to survivors of the Holocaust and many other Israelis . Conductor of the orchestra Roberto Paternostro said on Israeli TV it was time to separate Wagner 's world view from his music . "  He was a great composer and the aim in the year 2011 is to divide the man from his art , " he said . This was the first time an Israeli orchestra played Wagner in Germany . Uri Hanok head of the Holocaust Survivors Union to Prevent the Playing of Wagner , told CNN , "  When I heard that an Israeli orchestra was to play Wagner in Germany I could not sleep . Wagner despised Jews , it was evident in all his writings . While there are still survivors alive , his music should not be played in Israel and certainly not by an Israeli orchestra . " Paternostro said at a news conference , "  There was n't a moment when I had any doubts about this project it was my greatest conviction to bring these two sides Israel and Wagner together . " Paternostros mother and other relatives were Holocaust survivors . "  I know that in Israel this is not accepted , but many people have told me its time we confront Wagner especially those in the younger generation " the conductor said . Israel 's state owned TV and radio still keep Wagner off the air . In 2001 the world renowned conductor Daniel Barenboim angered many Israelis when he played Wagner 's music in Israel .	Conductor says it is time to separate Wagner 's world view from his music The 19th century composer was known for his anti Semitic views Performances of his music in Israel are considered insensitive to survivors of the Holocaust
NASHUA , New Hampshire  CNN  -- The economy in southern New Hampshire is not by any means among the worst in the nation . Still , according to city records , there are 29 foreclosed homes on the books in Nashua -- many of which are in deplorable condition . Walls had been ripped open in this foreclosed home in Atlanta , Georgia . "  This house is not livable right now , " Nelson Ortega , the city 's chief building code inspector , told CNN as he stood in front of a boarded-up single-family home on a residential street in Nashua . The foundation of the house was fractured , Ortega said , and there were cracks and fissures in many of the supporting beams . At the side entrance to the house were broken windows , garbage and peeling paint . In 2006 , Ortega said , the property sold for $ 200,000 . It 's anyone 's guess , he said , what price the home might bring now , if it ever sold . That this foreclosed home might not ever sell was not news to a researcher who lives nearby . "  About a third of all of the foreclosed properties nationwide have been so damaged , either by the previous owners or by criminal gangs coming in after the foreclosure , that they no longer qualify for standard mortgage financing , " Thomas Popik told CNN . "  So there is going to be all kinds of government programs to help , but if they do n't qualify for standard mortgage financing , there 's no one to buy these properties . " Popik says responses from thousands of real estate agents nationwide to the questionnaires he sends out quarterly indicate that badly damaged foreclosed homes -- so-called "  distressed " properties in real estate jargon -- are a much bigger element of the national housing picture than officials in Washington have acknowledged . Popik 's work is under the auspices of Campbell Communications , a Washington-based group that supplies data to private mortgage industry analysts . "  In many cases , it costs so much to rehabilitate these houses , it 's just not cost-effective , " he told CNN . "  And the properties are eventually going to be bulldozed . " In some cities hit harder by the national economic downturn , a quick glance at foreclosed homes paints an even harsher picture . "  A lot of these homes have been vandalized , " Dana Ash , an Atlanta , Georgia , real estate broker , told CNN . She was speaking in front of several foreclosed , boarded-up houses not far from the city 's center . "  They are a little scary going into them , " she said . "  The power is out , a lot of them are boarded up . " A CNN camera crew was allowed into several of the houses . Trash was everywhere ; plaster walls had been ripped open to expose wiring ; and in one case a toilet was dumped on an empty living room floor . The banks that own the properties , Ash told CNN , probably will not simply walk away from the homes . "  Usually abandoning homes means it has n't sold , " she explained . "  They will eventually sell . It will be pennies at best on the dollar , but they will eventually sell . " From his office in New Hampshire , Popik said he is not at all certain of that . "  There are some cases where the properties have been so damaged that it 's not profitable for the mortgage investor , which is a bank , to take title to the property , " he said . The Mortgage Bankers Association told CNN it found no hard evidence of such a trend . Some of the information , a spokesman said , was "  anecdotal , " but there was no data one way or the other yet collected . A spokesman for the Department of Housing and Urban Development in Washington told CNN that unsalable homes are still a relatively small part of the national inventory of foreclosed properties . But , the spokesman added , the worse the economy is in a particular region , the more damaged and vandalized foreclosed homes are likely to be .	Many foreclosed homes are so damaged , they probably wo n't be sold , some say Researcher : One-third of foreclosed homes too damaged for standard financing Many of the houses are "  eventually going to be bulldozed , " researcher says Mortgage Bankers Association says it has no hard evidence of such a trend
CNN  -- Same-sex marriage became a reality on Thursday in Nevada , creating a nationwide majority of states allowing gays and lesbians to legally wed. . West Virginia is expected to start soon . In Nevada , a private group that had led the legal fight to defend the voter-approved ban suddenly withdrew its pending appeal for a stay with the U.S. Supreme Court . The justices on Thursday quickly removed that case from their docket , apparently removing the last legal hurdle to allowing gay and lesbian couples to legally wed in the Silver State . Hours later , Nevada state Sen. Kelvin Atkinson tweeted at katkinson702 that he 'd just tied the knot with his partner of more than six years , Sherwood Howard . "  It 's done , we are married ! Amazing ! What a 48 hours ! @ballerwoody is my Husband ! We were the first same sex couple to wed in the state of Nevada ! Here we are on the court steps with one of my favorite judges , with a LOT of cameras and media around ! #progress #lgbt #equality #marriage " In West Virginia , Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin , a Democrat , announced Thursday he would not challenge federal court rulings on same-sex marriage , clearing the way for the practice to begin statewide . "  West Virginia will uphold the law according to these rulings , and I have directed state agencies to take appropriate action to make that possible , " he said in a statement . "  I encourage all West Virginians -- regardless of their personal beliefs -- to uphold our statewide tradition of treating one another with dignity and respect . " The Mountain State 's Health and Human Resources Department later said county clerks would begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples by Tuesday "  at the latest . " Nearly 3,000 same-sex couples live West Virginia , according to UCLA 's Williams Institute , a think tank conducting research on sexual orientation and gender identity law and public policy This follows the Supreme Court 's refusal Monday to intervene in legal challenges over voter-approved bans in five states : Virginia , Utah , Oklahoma , Indiana and Wisconsin . That meant three separate appeals court rulings striking down those bans as unconstitutional would go into effect quickly in those states , as well as six others covered by those courts ' jurisdiction . That would include West Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Kansas , Colorado , and Wyoming . Some states and localities are moving faster than others to abide by those rulings . Colorado 's attorney general and the state 's highest court on Tuesday ended all pending legal obstacles , allowing same-sex marriage to begin there . A judge Wednesday in Johnson County , Kansas -- the state 's largest county -- also ordered same-sex licenses to be issued . But the South Carolina Supreme Court put things on hold while it continues to review the matter , meaning no licenses will be issued to same-sex couples in the Palmetto State . That request for a stay on enforcement came from state officials . West Virginia would become the 27th state to allow same-sex marriage , up from 19 states just a week ago . The number could top 35 in coming weeks , as other states move to enforce federal court orders . The issue had been initially uncertain in Nevada after a federal appeals court on Tuesday ruled bans in Nevada and neighboring Idaho were unconstitutional . The judges on that panel later that evening ordered same-sex marriages to begin immediately , but parties in Idaho and later Nevada separately asked the high court for emergency action , to put things on hold while the appeals process continued . Nevada officials had delayed issuing marriage licenses on Tuesday to same-sex couples because of initial confusion from the Supreme Court over whether the state had such authority . The Idaho application is still pending at the high court . Nevada 's legal situation was somewhat unique . A federal judge had initially ruled Nevada 's ban on same-sex marriage could stand , but the state attorney general later refused to defend the law in court , saying it would likely be struck down by the federal appeals court . A three-judge panel of 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals did just that in a sweeping ruling earlier this week . State senator pops the question after Nevada 's gay marriage ban falls Gov. Brian Sandoval , a Republican , in February had said that for a variety of procedural and precedential reasons , "  It has become clear that this case is no longer defensible in court . " A private group , the Coalition for the Protection of Marriage , then stepped in to defend the 2002 voter referendum , known as Question 2 . That was the group that withdrew its appeal to the high court Thursday . There are an estimated 7,000 or more same-sex couples in Nevada , according to the Williams Institute . The Nevada case at the Supreme Court is Coalition for the Protection of Marriage v. Sevcik  14a378  . Here is a listing of the 26 states that allow same-sex marriage , following the Supreme Court 's decision Monday not to review lower court rulings striking down voter-approved bans : California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Utah , Vermont , Virginia , Washington state and Wisconsin , plus the District of Columbia . Nine more states could soon legalize it , after federal appeals courts issued binding mandates in recent months : Alaska , Arizona , Idaho , Kansas , North Carolina , Montana , South Carolina , West Virginia and Wyoming .	NEW : In Nevada , state senator and partner become first same-sex couple to wed Nevada becomes 26th state allowing same-sex marriage ; West Virginia may be next In West Virginia , the governor says he wo n't challenge federal court rulings
CNN  -- A children 's show host who was born with one hand is facing criticism from parents over her disability . The BBC is receiving complaints about kids ' show host Cerrie Burnell , who was born with one hand . BBC spokeswoman Katya Mira said the corporation has received at least 25 "  official " complaints recently about Cerrie Burnell , new host of two shows on the BBC-run CBeebies television network , which is aimed at children younger than 6 . The official complaints do not count the dozens of negative comments lodged in Internet chat rooms , Mira said . In one chat room , a father lamented that Burnell being on the show forced him to have conversations with his child about disabilities . However , there have also been messages of support for Burnell . What do you think about the complaints ? "  We have also received 99 appreciations of her , " Mira said . Burnell started as a presenter of the shows in late January after acting with theater companies in Manchester , England , and Brazil . A BBC news release in January introducing Burnell made no mention of her disability , but a publicity photo showed the right sleeve of her sweater pulled up , showing her arm stops just below her elbow . The issue has spurred a debate in England among newspapers , columnists and bloggers . Burnell said she has heard the criticism and will not let it bother her . ` It can only be a good thing that parents are using me as a chance to talk disability with their children . It just goes to show how important it is to have positive , disabled role models on CBeebies and television in general , " Burnell said . Michael Carrington , BBC controller of CBeebies , said the company is standing by Burnell . "  Cerrie is warm and natural and we think that , in time , all moms and dads and children will love her as much as we do , " Carrington said .	BBC says it is receiving complaints about TV host Cerrie Burnell Some say Burnell , who was born with one hand , is scaring children Burnell says she wo n't let criticism bother her
Washington  CNN  -- The push to overhaul health care received a major boost Thursday as the American Medical Association and AARP endorsed legislation drafted by top House Democrats . The AARP , the nation 's largest organization of older Americans , is a nonpartisan group that advocates for people 50 and older . The AMA , historically an opponent of health care reform , is considered one the nation 's most influential doctors ' advocacy groups . "  I want to thank both organizations again for their support , and I urge Congress to listen to AARP , listen to the AMA and pass this reform for hundreds of millions of Americans who will benefit from it , " President Obama said at the White House . The backing of those two groups comes as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , oversees final changes to the $ 1.1 trillion health care bill . The measure likely will come to a final vote Saturday . Read the House health care bill  PDF A 42-page manager 's amendment on the health care legislation posted Tuesday night made mostly technical changes in the nearly 2,000-page bill compiled from three Democratic proposals passed by three House committees . By making the changes public Tuesday , House Democratic leaders could open floor debate on the bill Friday , while fulfilling their pledge to allow 72 hours of review before bringing the measure to the full chamber . Pelosi insisted Thursday she will have the 218 votes necessary to pass the bill . Meanwhile , President Obama is set to huddle Saturday with congressional Democrats on Capitol Hill to review the legislation . Check out the key parts of the bill In a statement , AARP CEO Barry Rand said , "  We started this debate more than two years ago with the twin goals of making coverage affordable to our younger members and protecting Medicare for seniors . "  We can say with confidence that -LSB- the House bill -RSB- meets those goals with improved benefits for people in Medicare and needed health insurance market reforms to help ensure every American can purchase affordable health coverage . " The AMA 's president , Dr. J. James Rohack , told reporters Thursday that the legislation is "  not a perfect representation of our views " but is close enough to warrant his group 's support and keep the reform process moving forward . Rohack said the bill needs to be accompanied by legislation reversing scheduled Medicare reimbursement payment reductions to physicians . Responding to the AMA endorsement , Obama said the doctors ' group is "  supporting reform because -LSB- its members have -RSB- seen firsthand what 's broken about our health care system , " Obama said . "  They would not be supporting it if they really believed that it would lead to government bureaucrats making decisions that are best left to doctors . " Watch Obama say health care reform is moving forward Meanwhile , House Republicans on Thursday continued to signal their opposition to the measure . GOP leaders held a rally on Capitol Hill along with "  Tea Party " movement protesters and other activists to warn that the House legislation would translate into a full-blown government takeover of the health care system . Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Thursday that Democrats had forgotten the lessons of August 's town hall meetings when angry conservatives criticized health care legislation . "  I think what we 're going to see is the town hall coming to Washington , D.C. , just to remind members of Congress -LSB- that -RSB- we 're the ones we would like you to pay attention to , not lobbyists . And we do n't want the government to own our health care , " Bachmann said . Speaking at Thursday 's opposition rally , actor John Ratzenberger , who played Cliff on the sitcom "  Cheers , " slammed the Democratic bill as a form of socialism . "  These are Woodstock Democrats , " Ratzenberger said . "  We have to remember where their philosophy comes . It does n't come from America . It comes from overseas . It comes from socialism . And socialism is a philosophy of failure . " House Democrats have rejected an alternative $ 60 billion Republican plan as inadequate for meeting the goals of expanding health coverage to most of the nation 's 46 million uninsured while bringing down costs and ending controversial industry practices such as denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . Pelosi 's bill would extend insurance coverage to 36 million uncovered Americans and guarantee that 96 percent of Americans have coverage , according to the Democratic leadership . The claim is based on an analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . Among other things , the bill would subsidize insurance for poorer Americans and create health insurance exchanges to make it easier for small groups and individuals to purchase coverage . It also would cap annual out-of-pocket expenses and prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . Pelosi 's office has said the bill would cut the federal deficit by roughly $ 30 billion over the next decade . The measure is financed through a combination of a tax surcharge on wealthy Americans and spending constraints in Medicare and Medicaid . Specifically , individuals with annual incomes more than $ 500,000 -- as well as families earning more than $ 1 million -- would face a 5.4 percent income tax surcharge . Growth in Medicare expenditures would be cut by 1.3 percent annually . The House bill also includes a government-run public option . Under the House plan , health care providers would be allowed to negotiate reimbursement rates with the federal government . Pelosi and other liberal Democrats had argued for a more "  robust " public option that would tie reimbursement rates for providers and hospitals to Medicare rates plus a 5 percent increase . Several Democrats representing rural areas , however , killed the proposal after complaining that doctors and hospitals in their districts would be shortchanged under such a formula . One thorny issue yet to be resolved among House Democrats is the bill 's final language on abortion . Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Michigan , has been pushing leaders to add stronger language prohibiting the use of federal money to pay for abortions under the health care overhaul . Stupak has vowed that if he is n't allowed a vote on the issue , a group of 40 anti-abortion Democrats will work to block the bill from getting to the House floor . The House bill differs from legislation the Senate is considering in a number of critical ways . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , also favors a public option but would allow individual states to opt out of the plan . An $ 829 billion bill recently passed by the Senate Finance Committee does not include a tax surcharge on the wealthy but would impose a new tax on high-end health care policies , which critics have dubbed "  Cadillac " plans . A large number of House Democrats are opposed to taxing those policies , arguing that such a move would hurt union members who traded higher salaries for more generous benefits . Individuals under the $ 829 billion Finance Committee plan would be required to purchase health insurance coverage or face a fine of up to $ 750 . The House bill imposes a more stringent fine of up to 2.5 percent of an individual 's income . Both versions include a hardship exemption for poorer Americans . The Finance Committee bill would require large companies to contribute to the health care costs of lower income workers if those workers received a government subsidy for insurance . The House legislation would require larger companies to provide employee insurance for everyone or pay a penalty of up to 8 percent of total revenue . Democratic leaders in both chambers agree on establishing nonprofit health care cooperatives and stripping insurance companies of an anti-trust exemption that has been in place since the end of World War II . Reid refused earlier this week to predict when the chamber would pass a health care bill , possibly signaling difficulty in generating support from his entire Democratic caucus . CNN 's Dana Bash , Lisa Desjardins and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama praises American Medical Association , AARP for backing bill GOP leaders join "  Tea Party " protesters for an opposition rally on Capitol Hill Speaker Nancy Pelosi says she has 218 votes needed to pass House bill Democrats : Bill would guarantee that 96 percent of Americans have coverage
CNN  -- Unacceptable . Illegitimate . And against the law . That 's how the Mexican government responded Sunday to new allegations of U.S. spying reported by Der Spiegel . According to the German news magazine , the National Security Agency "  systematically " eavesdropped on the government . It hacked the public e-mail account of former Mexican President Felipe Calderon , which was also used by Cabinet members , Der Spiegel said . The magazine quoted documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . Snowden deserves a Nobel Prize , his father says "  This practice is unacceptable , illegitimate and against Mexican and international law , " Mexico 's foreign ministry said in a statement . It added that it would push for speedy investigation . "  In a relationship between neighbors and partners , there is no room for the practices alleged to have taken place , " the ministry said . A senior U.S. State Department official told CNN that the Mexican government reached out about the report , and that the two governments will be discussing it via diplomatic channels . The NSA said it would not "  comment publicly on every specific alleged intelligence activity , and as a matter of policy we have made clear that the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations . Report : U.S. intercepts French phone calls on a ` massive scale ' "  As the President said in his speech at the U.N. General Assembly , we 've begun to review the way that we gather intelligence , so that we properly balance the legitimate security concerns of our citizens and allies with the privacy concerns that all people share , " the agency added . In September , Mexico and Brazil summoned U.S. ambassadors after media reports that the United States had spied on their countries ' presidents . A Brazilian news report described the alleged espionage , citing Glenn Greenwald , a Brazil-based journalist who similarly obtained documents from Snowden . One of the alleged NSA documents leaked to Greenwald dates from June 2012 , a month before Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto was elected . In it , the candidate talks about whom he would select for his Cabinet if elected . The documents did not reference any specific communications with Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff but show the methods the NSA allegedly used to track e-mails and mobile phone communications with close advisers . "  It was very clear in the documents that they had already carried out the spying , " Greenwald told Globo TV 's Sunday night program "  Fantastico . " "  They are n't talking about something they are planning ; they are celebrating their spying successes . " NSA mines Facebook for connections CNN 's Elise Labott , Evan Perez , Shasta Darlington and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Der Spiegel : NSA "  systematically " eavesdropped on Mexican government It hacked into public e-mail of former president , according to the German news magazine Mexico calls for a speedy investigation into the allegations NSA : "  The U.S. gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations "
Health.com  -- You 've been told a trillion times not to buy produce out of season . But that does n't mean you have to skip the fruits you love this time of year . It 's just a matter of knowing which version is the healthiest and tastiest . "  In the winter , frozen or dried options may have a leg up over fresh when it comes to flavor and nutrition , " says Elizabeth Somer , R.D. , author of "  Eat Your Way Sexy " . In other cases , fresh is still the way to go . Here 's your guide to making the best picks now . Blueberries Buy 'em : Frozen Frozen blueberries are typically the petite wild version , which have been found by scientists to contain more disease-thwarting antioxidants than their traditionally cultivated counterparts  the type you 're most likely to find fresh right now  . Also , fresh blueberries are pricey in winter and , if trucked in from afar , can go moldy fast . Health.com : The best superfoods for weight loss Apples Buy 'em : Fresh Apples are a top-notch source of quercetin , an antioxidant shown to slash the risk for certain cancers . And quercetin levels in a fresh apple hold up even if it was picked months ago and put into cold storage until the winter , a "  Nutrition Journal " study suggests . Nearly all of the fruit 's quercetin and half its fiber is found in the peel -- which you 'll get with fresh apples but usually not with dried .  Opt for certified organic , if possible , to avoid pesticides on the fruit 's exterior . Health.com : 10 healthy apple pie and cake recipes Peaches Buy 'em : Frozen When it comes to juicy goodness , winter peaches from South America are mere shadows of the fresh , locally sourced summer version . They 're also about twice the price . They 're not as good for you , either : "  Peaches can lose a considerable amount of their nutrients , including potassium , during multi-country shipping , " says Cynthia Sass , R.D. , author of "  Cinch ! Conquer Cravings , Drop Pounds and Lose Inches " . Frozen peaches , on the other hand , are harvested at peak ripeness and quickly flash-frozen to lock in vitamins , antioxidants , and flavor . Health.com : Vitamins : what to take , what to skip Strawberries Buy 'em : Fresh Fresh or frozen , strawberries are a leading source of vitamin C , but let 's face it : The texture of frozen strawberries leaves something to be desired . What 's more , compared to other berries , fresh strawberries remain reasonably priced throughout the winter . Consider splurging on organic , though , since conventionally grown strawberries contain some of the highest pesticide levels of any fruit , according to the Environmental Working Group . Health.com : 11 things it 's best to buy organic Plums Buy 'em : Dried By the time winter plums find their way to the U.S.  from as far away as South America  and potentially sit on store shelves for days , they often have yucky soft spots . Meanwhile , ounce for ounce , dried plums  you know them as prunes  pack five times the fiber and vitamin K -- a nutrient necessary for proper blood clotting -- as the fresh kind . Eating prunes can also bolster bone strength , researchers at Florida State University have found . Health.com : Foods for healthy bones Cherries Buy 'em : Dried Sweet Bing cherries are highly susceptible to bruising during international winter shipping , and your wallet may be bruised by their high winter price . They also lag behind tart cherries -- the version most often found dried -- in levels of vitamin C and beta-carotene . "  Beta-carotene is a building block for vitamin A , so it helps maintain healthy skin , bones , and immunity , " Somer says . Removing the moisture also makes dried tart cherries particularly concentrated in anthocyanins , which are potent antioxidants , she adds . Just be sure to seek out unsweetened versions so you do n't get too much sugar . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Fresh blueberries are pricey in winter and , if trucked in from afar , can go moldy fast Frozen peaches are harvested at peak ripeness and quickly flash-frozen to lock in vitamins Fresh or frozen , strawberries are a leading source of vitamin C Researchers at Florida State University have found that eating prunes can boost bone strength
CNN  -- The wooden sculptures lining the median of U.S. 90 are among the top tourist attractions on the Mississippi Gulf Coast . Marlin Miller 's live oak sculpture in Biloxi 's Town Green will be dedicated Saturday . They are also a creative tribute to the live oaks that lined the scenic highway before the saltwater surge of Hurricane Katrina killed them at their very roots . After the storm , the Mississippi Department of Transportation began bulldozing the dead trees , much to the chagrin of area residents . Biloxi Mayor A.J. Holloway , one of the coast 's longtime civic leaders , intervened . He contracted to have some of the live oak trunks turned into sculptures . But it would have proved to be a costly venture . Enter Marlin Miller , a wood sculptor from Fort Walton Beach , Florida , who volunteered to create a few live oak sculptures for free -- in part to leave his artistic mark on the Mississippi Gulf Coast , but also as a service to the community . A tree sculpture begins with the transportation department removing all the branches , leaving just the core of the tree . "  I get an idea of what that carving is going to look like , and I go after it with a wide variety of steel chain saws . " Miller said . He works his way down to high speed grinders , sanders and chisels to add the final detail work . "  They 're live oaks , so it 's like carving stone . Sparks fly off my chain saw blades when I go after one of the trees , " Miller said . Some of the trees , which are as much a part of south Mississippi 's heritage as the antebellum homes scattered along the coastline , are estimated to be as much as 500 or 600 years old . Miller 's sculptures along U.S. 90 range from eagles and herons to seahorses and dolphins . He said local governments have never dictated how his carvings should look . In Pass Christian , Miller created what he believes to be the world 's largest eagle wood carving , at 25 feet tall . "  That sculpture is dedicated to Col. Lawrence Roberts , one of the original Tuskegee Airmen , " he said . A recent survey of area tourist attractions by the Harrison County Tourism Commission listed the beaches as the third-most popular attraction and the Beau Rivage Resort and Casino second . Miller 's tree sculptures are first . "  We 've had a lot of traffic diverting off of Interstate 10 , down to U.S. 90 just to see these carvings , " Miller said . On Saturday , one of Miller 's sculptures will be dedicated on the Biloxi Town Green : a 24-foot-tall marlin flying into the sky , three mahi fish jumping to the left , and a sea turtle and a blue crab at the base . It is the only painted tree sculpture of all those lining U.S. 90 . Next on Marlin 's to-do list : an oak tree in the center of Ocean Springs , Mississippi , and one in Gulfport , Mississippi . He also plans to expand the project to downtown New Orleans and parts of North Carolina . "  Instead of just cutting these trees down , " Marlin said , "  we 're going to put new life into them by adding a sculpture . "	Live oaks lined scenic U.S. 90 before Hurricane Katrina destroyed them Florida wood sculptor Marlin Miller has been turning the tree trunks into carvings Miller 's sculptures range from eagles and herons to seahorses and dolphins One of his sculptures will be dedicated on the Biloxi Town Green on Saturday
Basel  CNN  -- Imagine a world where computing becomes invisible , like your thoughts . A world where the interface between our senses , our minds and brains , and a digital device that emulates human traits or which augments our own capabilities becomes seamless , and the border between "  it " and "  us " becomes opaque . Imagine instant access to the world 's data and content , without typing or without even searching -- think GoogleNow x100 , projected onto your iris . The power of IBM 's Watson at the disposal of every doctor , with a blink of an eye or a simple voice command . Anticipatory services that know what you need before you do . Constant reads of my body 's status via my wristwatch . Convenient . Incredible . Empowering . Beautiful . Addictive . Indispensable . Scary . Here soon . Vast progress and vast curses "  Nothing vast enters the lives of mortals without a curse " Greek tragedian Sophocles once said . And plenty of curses are sure to emerge when it 's about wearables , which are powered by big data , the cloud , artificial intelligence , not to forget good old-fashioned capitalism . It is the danger of exponential unintended consequences we must start to consider , because we probably do n't have the choice to "  just say no " -- wearable computing is as certain as mobile phones . In his 1964 book "  Understanding Media , " Marshall McLuhan famously called media "  the extensions of man . " If we can define wearables as "  media " then , following mobile devices , wearables are the next logical step in this rapid evolution . Beyond this , wearables are very likely to be followed by some kind of direct connectivity of our brains and neural systems with computers  think brain computer interfaces  and implants . You get the picture . We can see so much more -- and we are seen even more One of the key challenges with wearables may be similar to what we are already facing in digital media and entertainment . Powerful , smart , internet-connected TVs are ushering in an era when we can see pretty much anything we want on enormous super-HD screens , be it TV programs , movies and videos , photos , Skype conversations , tweets , games or telepresence events . But few of us realize that in return our "  TVs "  think : visual super-computers  can now also "  sense , " see and hear us using their built-in video cameras , microphones , data-sucking software and face-recognition apps . Indeed , these TVs will truly know who we are and what we do -- and naturally , therein lies their tremendous value to those that can reach us through them . This is about data not just about content -- we are the ones being watched while we are watching content at ever lower cost . Similar  yet much more wicked  issues are certain to arise with the boom in wearable devices . On the one hand , yes , we can be infinitely better and faster in gauging and understanding ourselves and the world around us using smart watches , fitness bands or smart meters . A nicely designed smart-watch that reminds me of my next appointment , alerts me of urgent developments in my stock portfolio , tells me that I should start exercising more or even predicts how likely me and my date are to hit it off ... all of this may seem quite useful , at least to some of us . At the same time , the flip side of this amazing new -- and seemingly free -- convenience is that my smart devices , virtual agents and active AI apps will also get to know me better than any human ever could as far as my raw data is concerned . And these will be technologies that are also self-learning . Data flows in both directions , and increasingly a Faustian bargain is struck than would scare the wits out of George Orwell : trade your privacy for convenience ; jump into that amazing data and information worm-hole ; achieve super-powers ! Watch the first episode of The Future Show with Gerd Leonhard on ` Privacy Failure ' here Google Glass and the nude beach problem To me , wearable computing devices such as Google Glass are facing what I call "  the nude beach problem . " If everyone around me is using Google Glass I may feel like an odd-ball by not "  being naked " as well . Conversely , if I am the only that 's nude  i.e. wearing Google Glass  and everyone else is fully dressed , I would probably not be very welcome . This may help to explain the chilly reception that Google Glass users have received . We urgently need some new social contracts here -- but unfortunately Google has rarely paid much attention to those thorny side-effects of their amazing inventions . This is why I believe the key opportunities for most wearable computing devices is in business or professional situations where it does n't really matter if only a few people use it , such as with doctors , firefighters or the check-in staff at the airline counter . In all these cases the clear purpose of technology is to better serve us , rather than for us to better serve the technology and those that dish it up . This will emerge as a key distinction because making humans as readable as USB drives , exploiting massive privacy failure -- whether by design or by unintended consequence -- or proposing the complete eradication of anonymity can not possibly be in the interest of any business or government except for those that seek totalitarian dominance . This is why those that work on wearables need to ask that all-important question : will these devices and services add real , lasting , human value to their users , or will they just be fancy digital mouse traps , addiction-generators or extensions-of-man that seek to eventually "  be man " ? READ MORE : Key trends for your future READ MORE : Ten ways mobile tech will save your life READ MORE : Where are the women in tech ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gerd Leonhard .	A world where computing becomes invisible , like your thoughts , is not very far away One of the key challenges in this new world will be protecting our information and privacy Smart devices , virtual agents and AI apps will know you better than your friends As technology undergoes rapid expansion , we need to consider the social impact
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenya needs $ 230 million over the next six months to feed millions affected by drought , the United Nations said in a new report . Farmers carry food handouts from the World Food Programme at a distribution spot near Nanyuki . The three-year failure of annual rains has reduced crop output , the main source of food for the country of 37 million . The drought has also affected water production and prompted power rationing in the east African nation . Kenya gets most of its energy from hydro-generation . About 3.8 million Kenyans need emergency food aid , and conditions are expected to deteriorate in the next few months , the United Nations World Food Programme said Wednesday . The rate among children under 5 suffering malnutrition has gone from 15 to 20 percent in some cases , the report said . "  People are already going hungry , malnutrition is preying on more and more young children , cattle are dying -- we face a huge challenge and are urging the international community to provide us with the resources we need to get the job done , " said Burkard Oberle , Kenya director of the World Food Programme . The organization said it is helping about 2.6 million people in Kenya affected by drought while the government is supporting 1.2 million more until the end of October . "  In order to feed all 3.8 million people for the next six months , WFP and the Kenyan government will require strong support from donors in the weeks ahead , " the report said . More than 17 million people across the Horn of Africa need help from the United Nations , which is battling funding shortfalls . Some of the most dire nations include Somalia and Uganda , which need $ 164 million and $ 96 million respectively .	U.N. : Kenya needs $ 230 million to feed millions affected by drought Three-year failure of annual rains has hit crops that feed country of 37 million About 3.8 million Kenyans need emergency food aid ; conditions set to worsen
CNN  -- Morocco 's king asked the head of a moderate Islamist party to form a government Tuesday , state media said , after the party claimed victory in the country 's first parliamentary elections since constitutional reforms this summer . The Islamist Justice and Development Party , or PJD , is expected to form a coalition government after it won 107 of the 395 seats contested in Friday 's vote . King Mohammed VI appointed Abdelilah Benkirane , the party 's secretary-general , as head of the new government Tuesday and asked him to form a Cabinet , the official news agency MAP reported . Benkirane , a former managing director of three newspapers and a father of six , was elected secretary-general of the PJD in 2008 , MAP says . According to its website , the PJD previously participated in elections in 1997 , 2002 and 2007 . The party won 46 seats in 2007 and 42 in 2002 , after taking just nine seats in 1997 . Lise Storm , senior lecturer in Middle East Politics at the University of Exeter in England , said the PJD 's result this time round constituted "  remarkable progress -- much higher than anticipated by anyone , and also much , much better than any of the party 's competitors . " The margin of victory for the PJD surprised many observers , she said , and suggests that those protesting against the country 's governing elite in recent months are truly fed up . "  I think we are witnessing an Islamist wave in the Middle East , with so-called Islamist moderates winning not only in Turkey , but also in Tunisia and Morocco , and possibly also in Egypt , " Storm said . "  It gives an indication of the sentiments of the general population in these countries , and  of  the state of the political opposition there too , as the Islamists in many cases have been the most visible opposition force , and the best organized too . " The PJD is more moderate than Turkey 's governing Justice and Development Party or the Islamists who won power in Tunisian elections last month , Storm said . The party 's online mission statement lists three values -- authenticity , justice and development -- and makes little mention of Islam . Authenticity "  has to be consistent with our values , culture and civilization , with the incorporation and respect for the cultural , linguistic and ethnic groups , within the space of the Islamic brotherhood , " the statement says . Under the new constitution , approved by referendum in July , both Parliament and the prime minister have greater powers , while the monarch 's sway has been slightly lessened . The changes -- which mean the prime minister must now be chosen from the party that wins the greatest number of votes -- came after thousands of Moroccans took to the streets to demonstrate earlier this year , inspired by what became known as the Arab Spring . The youth-based February 20 Movement called for jobs and an end to corruption its members say stems from royal cronies . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	The Justice and Development Party won 107 of 395 seats in Friday 's election The head of the moderate Islamist party has been asked to form a Cabinet Abdelilah Benkirane has been the PJD 's secretary-general since 2008 The election results indicates public unhappiness with the governing elite , an analyst says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Terrorists increasingly favor using women as suicide bombers to thwart security and draw attention to their causes , a new FBI-Department of Homeland Security assessment concludes . Female suicide bombers can use devices to make them appear pregnant , a security assessment says . The assessment said the agencies "  have no specific , credible intelligence indicating that terrorist organizations intend to utilize female suicide bombers against targets in the homeland . " But it points out that women have been reported as attackers in the Russian breakaway republic of Chechnya and in India , Iraq , Pakistan , the Palestinian territories , Sri Lanka and Turkey . The notice was distributed Monday to law enforcement officials throughout the United States , and CNN obtained a copy of it . Officials want to make sure security officers are alert to the possibility of female bombers and to familiarize themselves with behavior patterns that such attackers have used in the past . "  Even as military and security forces are paying more attention to the use of female operatives , terrorists are adapting their suicide attack tactics to compensate for enhanced security measures , " the advisory said . Watch how U.S. authorities profile terror suspects " The assessment highlighted the February 1 bombings in Baghdad in which two women , who appeared to have Down syndrome , attacked two pet markets . The attacks forced FBI and DHS officials to rethink a belief that those responsible for such incidents had the mental discipline "  to accomplish the operation . " The two agencies also echo what experts have said before -- that "  female suicide bombers may have an advantage over their male counterparts in accessing targets . " For example , the assessment points out women can hide explosives in prosthetic devices that mimic the look of pregnancy . E-mail to a friend	Security agencies warn U.S. police departments about new tactics Women increasingly being used in bombings overseas , document says No imminent threat of such an attack seen in United States Women may gain access to targets more easily , advisory says
CNN  -- Horrific ethnic and religious violence resulting in "  mass murder " and other abuses in two central Nigerian states has largely gone ignored by the authorities , rights group Human Rights Watch said Thursday . Its report , focused on Plateau and Kaduna states , is based on interviews with more than 180 witnesses and victims of violence as well as police investigators , prosecutors , defense lawyers , judges and community leaders . Many of the victims , including women and children , Christians and Muslims , "  were hacked to death , burned alive , or shot simply based on their ethnic or religious identity , " said the report , "  Leave Everything to God : Accountability for Inter-Communal Violence in Plateau and Kaduna States , Nigeria . " And a seeming culture of impunity has created a cycle of violence as individuals who find no recourse elsewhere seek retribution for wrongs done to them , it said . "  Witnesses came forward to tell their stories , compiled lists of the dead and identified the attackers , but in most cases nothing was done , " said Daniel Bekele , Africa director at Human Rights Watch . "  The authorities may have forgotten these killings , but communities have n't . In the absence of justice , residents have resorted to violence to avenge their losses . " According to the report , communities in Plateau state have been plagued by sectarian violence for more than a decade , leaving thousands of Christians and Muslims dead . "  However , the Nigerian authorities have taken no meaningful steps to address underlying grievances or , until recently , bring to justice those responsible for the bloodshed , " it said . Human Rights Watch lays much of the blame for the culture of impunity at the door of "  an already broken criminal justice system . " It points the finger at "  systemic corruption in the Nigeria Police Force , " exacerbated by political pressure to protect those responsible for violence . The Nigerian police have not yet responded to repeated CNN requests for comment . Complex root causes Much international attention has focused on recent violent attacks by the Islamist extremist group Boko Haram in northeastern Nigeria , particularly Borno , Yobe and Adamawa states . But the Human Rights Watch report paints a grim picture of life in Kaduna and Plateau states . Their location in Nigeria 's "  Middle Belt , " between the largely Muslim north and the predominantly Christian south , has put them at the intersection of sectarian strife in the large and unruly West African nation . "  Since 1992 , more than 10,000 people in those two states have died in inter-communal bloodletting ; several thousand of those deaths have occurred since 2010 alone , " the report said . The root causes of the violence are complex , it said . While they often involve longstanding grievances and disputes , "  they are exacerbated both by divisive state and local government policies that discriminate on ethnic or religious lines and by the failure of authorities to hold to account those responsible for the violence . " The strife pits Hausa-Fulani Muslims -- the largest and most politically powerful group in northern Nigeria -- against smaller predominantly Christian ethnic groups , which counted together make up the majority of the population in the region , it said . Each side accuses the other of discrimination , oppression and violence to advance its position . Rights group urges reforms In Plateau state , episodes of mass violence in 2001 , 2004 and 2008 left hundreds of people dead , the report said . "  Following this violence , federal and state authorities took no meaningful steps to address underlying grievances and brought no one to justice for the bloodletting , " the researchers said . The continuing tensions erupted in 2010 , centered on the Plateau state capital of Jos , resulting in the massacre of hundreds of people , many of them Muslims in rural communities . While the federal authorities this time stepped in and prosecuted some suspects , most were not brought to justice , the report said . Many more sectarian attacks have followed . In Kaduna state , bloody episodes of ethnic and sectarian violence in 1992 , 2000 and 2002 left hundreds or more dead -- and few perpetrators were held accountable . The authorities ' response to different mass killings often follows a similar pattern , the report said . Police will round up hundreds of "  suspects " but fail to gather evidence properly . This makes it difficult for prosecutors to file a case against any individual -- and ultimately most charges are quietly dropped , it said . Witnesses who did report crimes said police often took no action ; others told researchers they were afraid to report them or did not do so because they believed the police would do nothing . The prosecution of suspects by federal authorities following the 2010 violence in Plateau state was an important exception to this pattern , Human Rights Watch said . The right group urges the federal government to ensure mass killings are swiftly and properly investigated by the police , to bar discriminatory policies that help fuel ethnic tensions and to treat the intercommunal violence as a criminal , rather than political , problem . Other recommendations include ordering a high-level review of police investigations into crimes alleged in the report , ensuring police are trained to do their jobs properly and reforming the police force . The Justice Ministry should identify why suspects in certain cases were not prosecuted and prosecute remaining suspects , it said . "  Nigerian authorities can and should take urgent steps to ensure that the perpetrators of communal violence , including mass murder , are investigated and prosecuted , and that victims are provided restitution or compensation for their enormous losses , " the report said . CNN 's Vlad Duthiers contributed to this report .	Rights group : Nigerian authorities are not doing enough to investigate mass killings Human Rights Watch report focuses on Kaduna and Plateau states in central Nigeria Intercommunal violence has claimed more than 10,000 lives there since 1992 , report says Nigeria 's police force has not commented on the criticism in the report
CNN  Hillary Clinton worked hard last week to put the "  dead end " sign on the State Department email story by announcing there was nothing to find . But in her rush to control the narrative , Clinton may have  once again  missed the bigger picture : In politics as much as in business , authenticity matters . Her press conference had the familiar ring of a controlled performance -- the carefully parsed explanation , the combative posture -- that stretched our belief that what she 's telling us is really the whole story . People wonder : Is she playing it straight with us ? Why the nagging suspicion that Brand Hillary does not include bringing to the public table who she really is ? As the author Joe McGinniss reported in his classic book on the 1968 Nixon campaign , "  The Selling of a President , " political consultants long ago began marketing candidates like bars of soap . The practice has accelerated since the '60s as campaigns have concluded that political brands face the same tests among voters that consumer brands do among customers . And among consumers today , authenticity means more to success than at any other time in the history of brands . The desire for authenticity is a tangible driver of revenue for brands . Increasingly , people want to give their money to brands -- political as well as commercial -- that have a set of values they can also buy into . As author James H. Gilmore told The New York Times , a sense of authenticity reinforces trust in what is real "  in an increasingly staged , contrived and mediated world . " A recent global study found that 63 % of consumers would buy a brand they perceive as authentic over its competitors , and more than 60 % would recommend an organization they perceive to be authentic . Ignoring the importance of authenticity to voters is a significant risk , as both Mitt Romney and Al Gore learned too late . And they were running in a perceptual environment more forgiving than today 's . Voters easily identified the space between who these candidates really were and how they wanted us to perceive them . Romney , the successful entrepreneur and moderate politician , struggled to seem ordinary and "  severely conservative , " while Gore was perceived as having such an overblown sense of himself that the claim of having invented the Internet stuck to him like mud , even though he 'd never said it . The two shared what will likely also be Clinton 's destiny : winning a party nomination by default as there were few compelling alternatives . For Clinton , an uncontested rise to the Democratic nomination could mislead her campaign into believing that she does n't have a problem with authenticity . She does , especially among Independents and Republicans . To be fair , Clinton 's appeal as potentially the first woman to reach the White House makes her seem virtually bulletproof among certain voting groups . A recent Gallup Poll shows "  first female " status as the "  best thing about a Hillary Clinton presidency , " leading the positives mentioned by 30 % of Democrats and 17 % of Independents . But the next-closest best thing about Clinton is a long way off : Her experience is mentioned by only 16 % of Democrats and 8 % of Independents . A fledgling campaign apparatus , with powerful political recruits like John Podesta and Robby Mook and marquee brand wizards from Coca-Cola and Microsoft , might want to be looking hard at the dangerously lukewarm voter sentiment about experience and suitability that is lingering just beneath the surface of the "  first female president " juggernaut . Part of the heightened danger coming out of her press conference lies among millennials , who will be a critical voting group for Democrats in the 2016 presidential election . And authenticity is of paramount importance to millennials in how they relate to everything in their lives , including politicians . As one commenter on a MediaPost article on millennials put it , "  If brands ca n't be authentic Millennials will call them on it . Want to win our hearts ? A little self-deprecation and humility never hurt . " Forty percent of millennials in the U.S. admit to full-blown cynicism about the way they are approached by brands of all kinds . According to the MediaPost article , authenticity and the allied trait of trustworthiness are two of the top brand attributes millennials look for before they make a decision to hand over their money and , one could argue by extension , their vote . These days , too , it 's trickier than ever for brands to stay in step with the conversations that move people to make judgments . Whether they 're consumers or voters , people are more in tune with each other than at any other time in human history . They can gang up more easily to support or reject a person , an idea , and , yes , a company , brand or politician . Brands are left on the outside looking in , puzzling out how to insert themselves into a meaningful relationship with constituents who can turn on them at any second . This trend of demanding more authenticity from brands they invest in , and rewarding brands for it , has been accelerating with consumers across the U.S. over the course of the very same seven years since Clinton last ran for president . Since consumers are also voters , it stands to reason that any political brand -- including Hillary Clinton -- should look even more seriously today at how to increase its value by focusing on perceptions of its authenticity .	Martha Pease : Hillary Clinton struggled last week to put the email story behind her Pease : Consumers are increasingly valuing brands perceived as authentic . Does the Clinton brand qualify ?
CNN  -- Earthquake scientist James Roddey is known up and down the Oregon coast as the "  prophet of doom " -- a nickname that seems even more ominous after the disaster in Japan . As an earth science officer for the state , Roddey educates communities on how to prepare and survive the earthquake and tsunami that he predicts is virtually inevitable . "  They want to know more . They want to know what they can do , " said Roddey , who spoke to CNN on Monday shortly before his scheduled appearance at an Oregon school near Gold Beach . He 's the bearer of bad news . Very bad news : there 's a one-in-three chance that a major quake will strike the region by 2061 , according to Oregon State University scientists . The risk lies along a fault line that extends near Newport , Oregon , to Northern California . Despite those odds , many Oregon coast residents are nonchalant about the threat of a catastrophe on the scale of the temblor that struck Japan last week . "  A lot of people do n't even realize that we get earthquakes in Oregon , " Roddey explained . "  This used to be the place where Californians moved to get away from earthquakes . " As Japan reels from what its prime minister called its "  toughest crisis " since World War II , emergency preparedness officials in the United States around the world are paying close attention . Friday 's 9.0-magnitude quake was the strongest in recorded history to hit Japan , according to U.S. Geological Survey . "  What you are seeing in Japan today is what you will also see in our future , " said Oregon State University geologist Robert Yeats . "  Except they 're better prepared than we are . " Disaster preparations have been permanently imprinted on Japan 's collective memory since the terrible Kanto earthquake in 1923 killed more than 140,000 people . The breathtaking damage from this most recent quake speaks to how bad the toll could have been -- if not for preparation . "  On a scale of one to 10 , with 10 being the most prepared and zero being the worst-prepared ever , you can put Haiti at zero , you can put Japan at eight and you can put the U.S. at five , " said Erwann Michel-Kerjan , managing director of the Risk Management and Decision Processes Center at the Wharton School . A nation 's mindset surrounding disaster preparedness is directly linked to disaster frequency , say experts . But even in California , where so many quakes have occurred , less than 10 % of residents have earthquake insurance , Michel-Kerjan said . Nuclear power plants Last week 's earthquake and subsequent tsunami triggered fires , explosions , and radiation leaks at Japan 's nuclear power plants . That has raised concerns of a far more dangerous radiation threat in Japan . It has also prompted a discussion in the United States and around the world about nuclear power safety . Some U.S. lawmakers are calling for new nuclear plant projects to be put on hold until regulations can be examined . The United States nuclear reactors operate at 65 plants across the country . In addition , there are dozens of reactors , weapons labs and other nuclear facilities associated with national defense . Most of the civilian plants are located near major population centers . See locations of U.S. nuclear power facilities There has n't been a new nuclear plant commissioned and completed in the United States since the Three Mile Island meltdown in Pennsylvania in 1979 , although dozens that were approved at the time have come on line . Federal regulators are reviewing 20 applications to build nuclear plants , and several existing facilities have applied to extend their operating licenses . Typically , nuclear power plants are designed to withstand natural disasters , including earthquakes . Perhaps the most vulnerable U.S. nuclear power plants are two located in the quake-prone state of California . The Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant near San Luis Obispo and the San Onofre station , north of San Diego , were built along Pacific coast near the San Andreas Fault . Opinion : Japan and the future of U.S. nuclear power Those plants were built to withstand a magnitude-7 .5 earthquake , said Robert Alvarez , a nuclear expert at the Institute for Policy Studies and a former senior official at the U.S. Department of Energy . If there was a nuclear catastrophe , health officials warn that there are "  substantial gaps " in how prepared the United States is for a "  major radiation emergency event , " an American Medical Association journal reports " Preparing for the tsunami threat Back in Oregon , the shoreline community of Cannon Beach has proposed construction of a tall , reinforced municipal office building that would double as a tsunami shelter . "  You 're looking at a $ 4 million building in a community that 's only 1,700 people , " said Roddey . "  A small community like that ca n't raise the money by themselves . " Cannon Beach is seeking federal money to help fund the project , which may include deep foundations and seawalls to protect against the ocean 's crushing forces . Would U.S. taxpayers -- especially with the ongoing budget battles in Washington -- be willing to shell out more money to save lives and limit property damage from natural disasters ? The world became acutely aware of the widespread damage a tsunami can cause in December 2004 , when a massive quake triggered a wave that swept across the Indian Ocean , wiping out villages in several south Asian countries , killing over 200,000 people . Since then , Asia had taken big steps to improve its warning systems , the United Nations said . In the United States , budget cuts could directly effect the country 's tsunami preparation system . A spending plan passed last month by House Republicans allegedly would result in cuts to the National Weather Service 's Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . Republicans deny their budget would specifically reduce the tsunami center . Whatever the case , some argue that cutting the center would be shortsighted . The American Society of Civil Engineers says that paying for resilient critical infrastructure before a disaster strikes saves money and lives in the long run , according to its 2008 report . "  Consider that an additional $ 2 billion investment in the levees surrounding New Orleans may have reduced the tragic loss of life caused by Hurricane Katrina , " the report said . Making safer buildings and bridges In Japan , engineers must adhere to strict construction codes aimed at making structures quake-resistant . "  The Japanese spend more of a premium on the construction of their buildings , " said professor Stephen Mahin of the University of California , Berkeley . "  When you buy a condo in Japan , the owners and engineers will make a big point of the seismic safety of a building . Here in the United States , that kind of thing may not even be mentioned . " In the western United States , public buildings that are deemed critical have been strengthened against quakes in major cities from Seattle south to San Diego and east to Salt Lake City , he said . Major universities , including the University of California , have spent millions of dollars over the past 20 years upgrading their existing buildings , said Ronald Hamburger of the American Society of Civil Engineers . Private corporations that include AT&T , Hewlett-Packard , Procter & Gamble and Sears have spent significant money upgrading their buildings against quakes , he added . And , in California , nearly all of the state 's bridges have been retrofitted for seismic resistance . "  We are far better off today than we were 20 years ago , " said Hamburger . However , if a repeat of San Francisco 's 1906 7.8-magnitude quake hits Los Angeles , San Francisco or Seattle , Hamburger said , "  I would not be surprised if one or two of the high-rise buildings in those cities would collapse . " Most of the high-rise office buildings built in those cities before the mid-1990s do not meet current standards for new construction , and most of them have not been upgraded , said Hamburger . "  Those buildings were designed in the 1960s , '70s and '80s , " he said . "  The building codes in place in the Western U.S. in those years were far better than building code requirements in force in the Eastern U.S. today , but they 're really not adequate for an event like what Japan experienced . " Risk to shipping ports Key California shipping ports that lie in quake zones , such as Los Angeles , Long Beach and Oakland , may also be at risk , although a 2007 study suggested the danger from tsunamis was minimal because the major fault lines in the area are on shore . These ports represent major U.S. revenue arteries . But because many of the facilities at these ports were built in the 1960s and '70s , they could sustain damage from a big earthquake or tsunami , according to experts . Upgrading these facilities could cost in the tens or hundreds of millions of dollars . A Georgia Tech team of engineers , including professor Glenn Rix , is developing new , less expensive construction methods aimed at protecting shipping ports from possible destruction . Rix is studying the use of prefabricated plastic vertical drains in the wharf structure , which might allow for easier upgrades to protect against quakes . Raising awareness After the Kanto earthquake , Japan established National Disaster Reduction Day as a way to teach future generations about preparedness . Other nations have created similar holidays , including Bangladesh , Chile , Cuba , Dominican Republic , Jamaica , Madagascar , Mexico , Mozambique and Vietnam , according to the UN . To raise awareness in the United States , Americans should focus more on education , said Roddey , so they can raise support for disaster preparation and ultimately save lives . "  The United States needs to take more preventative action to prepare for disasters , said Roddey . "  If I had my hands on the purse strings I 'd be spending hundreds of thousands -- if not millions of dollars -- to educate people , and to move schools and other critical facilities out of the inundation zones . " For Roddey , the right thing to do is crystal clear : Look to what the experts are predicting and act rather than react . "  We 're the first generation in modern history that understands the risks and consequences of an event like what happened in Japan , " said Roddey . "  How we prepare for it here literally defines us as a people . " CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	U.S. ranks about a five out of 10 for earthquake preparedness , says expert Major quake/tsunami will hit Oregon coast by 2061 , say geologists U.N. cheers Asian nations for tsunami warning improvements Some major U.S. high-rises not adequately retrofitted for Japan-strength quake
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden travels to Africa this week with several stops , including South Africa where he will represent the United States at the opening ceremonies of the 2010 World Cup . Among other engagements , Biden will meet with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Monday "  to discuss a full range of bilateral and regional issues , " according to a White House statement . The vice president had planned on visiting Egypt in March , but Mubarak fell ill and the trip was scrapped . During his stop in Kenya , the vice president will discuss peace and stability in the region -- especially in Sudan and Somalia -- with Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki and Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga . Biden will be joined by his wife , Jill , during the trip . The two will also stop in South Africa for the World Cup opening ceremonies on Friday and to watch the U.S. team take on England in its first game on Saturday .	Obama to make stops in several countries In Egypt , he meets with Mubarak to discuss wide range of issues VP and wife also will visit South Africa for the World Cup
CNN  -- Myanmar 's courts convicted 22 Buddhists this week for sparking anti-Muslim violence and bloodshed in March , according to a state-run newspaper . At least 43 people died and thousands more were displaced as a result of violence in the city of Meiktila , in central Myanmar , with the Muslim population sustaining the bulk of the casualties . Those convicted this week received prison terms ranging from one to ten years in prison , including hard labor , the state-run New Light of Myanmar reported . Anti-Muslim sectarian attacks in Meiktila began March 20 , reportedly after an argument between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers . The wave of violence that swept the city included beatings , arson and immolations . Many Muslims claimed local police took no action to stop the riots . After three days , President Thein Sein declared a state of emergency , allowing the military to enter the city and restore order . Sein said the government did not intervene immediately in order to avoid endangering the country 's "  ongoing democratic transition and reform efforts . " "  I would like to warn all political opportunists and religious extremists who try to exploit the noble teachings of these religions , and have tried to plant hatred among people of different faiths for their own self-interest : Their efforts will not be tolerated , " he said . This week 's convictions continue to highlight the fragility of ethnic relations in Myanmar , also known as Burma , as it emerges from decades of military repression . Authorities have released thousands of political prisoners and pursued peace talks with rebel groups in the past two years .	Myanmar convicts 22 Buddhists for anti-Muslim violence , bloodshed in March At least 43 people died , thousands displaces in central city of Meiktila Riots began March 20 , lasted for three days , until state of emergency declared Myanmar , also known as Burma , is on path of democratic , economic reform
CNN  -- Gov. Andrew Cuomo directed state police and the Division of Human Rights on Friday to investigate allegations of anti-Semitic harassment in a New York state school district . "  The reports of rampant anti-Semitic harassment and physical assaults at Pine Bush schools , if true , are deeply disturbing , " Cuomo said in a statement to the state education commissioner . "  Here in New York State , we have zero tolerance for bigotry or hate based on anyone 's religious or ethnic origin , and to that end , I have directed the State Police and the Division of Human Rights , to undergo a full investigation into the circumstances surrounding these acts , " Cuomo added . His statement follows claims and a subsequent lawsuit from five students who attended school in the Pine Bush Central School District and were bullied and harassed , according to their lawyer Ilann M. Maazel . Maazel describes "  out of control anti-Semitism in the school district . The school failed at every level . This is one of the worst bullying cases I 've seen . " The alleged physical attacks against Jewish students included a swastika drawn on a student 's face against her will , the severe beating of one with a hockey stick , and repeated slapping of another in the head , according to the lawsuit that Maazel filed in 2012 . Maazel adds that the harassment did n't stop , even after the lawsuit was filed . In addition , damage occurred on school property , such as drawn swastikas that remained "  for weeks or months , " Cuomo said in the statement . The incidents reportedly occurred at Pine Bush Elementary School , Crispell Middle School and Pine Bush High School , all within the Pine Bush Central School District . Cuomo 's statement came after the New York Times did a story about the case . The school district has also made a statement on the issue . "  The district takes all reports of discrimination or bullying seriously , " said district superintendent Joan M. Carbone . "  As the litigation described in the New York Times article of November 8th , is still pending , the District can make no specific comment about the particulars of the lawsuit . We are hopeful that at the conclusion of this litigation , Pine Bush Central School District 's actions will be vindicated . " The New York State Education Department filed a response to Cuomo 's questions and call to action later on Friday . "  We share the governor 's revulsion at the reports of heinous anti-Semitic acts at the Pine Bush Central School District , " said Elizabeth R. Berlin , the executive deputy commissioner . She stated that this was the first time that the State Education Department had become aware of the allegations of anti-Semitism . Maazel said he did not know why the governor had n't previously noticed the matter , though he added , "  I applaud any effort to investigate this huge problem . " Attorney General Eric Schneiderman released a statement as well , admonishing the "  blind eye " that was taken to these instances of "  illegal bullying and discrimination . " The attorney general also said that his Civil Rights Bureau launched an ongoing investigation after it received complaints from Jewish students . Maazel told CNN that he was not aware of any investigation that the attorney general conducted . He said he was never contacted for questions or evidence by their office . Dennis Tompkins with the New York State Education Department said : "  We were not involved or aware of the attorney general 's investigation . We have 4,500 schools ; we try to maintain contact with all of them but ca n't . " Opinion : How the Web spreads anti-Semitism	The reports " if true , are deeply disturbing , " Gov. Andrew Cuomo said The report came after a lawsuit was filled in the case One of the claims was that a swastika drawn on a student 's face against her will
CNN  -- Sudan 's government and rebels from its troubled Darfur region signed a confidence-building agreement Tuesday in Qatar , a step toward ending a six-year conflict that has killed about 300,000 people , the emirate 's state news agency reported . A member of the Justice and Equality Movement  JEM  stands guard near the Sudan-Chad border in 2007 . Detailed talks between the government and the Justice and Equality Movement are scheduled to begin in two weeks after Tuesday 's signing , Sheikh Hamad bin Jasim bin Jabr al-Thani , Qatar 's prime minister , told the SUNA news agency . Roger Middleton , an Africa specialist at the British think-tank Chatham House , said Tuesday 's agreement deals mostly with prisoner releases . But he said the two parties ' decision to hold further talks "  is an important move forward , which there has n't necessarily been in the past . " "  It is certainly a step in the right direction , " he said . "  But a lot more needs to be done if we 're going to see a full cessation of fighting in Darfur . " Other rebel groups are not included in the pact , and "  many , many things " could cause the talks to fail , he said . "  It is a start , but it 's very fragile , and we must n't get overexcited just yet , " Middleton said . In November , Sudan 's President Omar al-Bashir agreed to an immediate , unconditional cease-fire in Darfur , but JEM was not included in the talks . Sudan 's Culture Minister Amin Hassan Omar and Jibril Ibrahim , a top rebel official , signed Tuesday 's agreement . Qatar has been mediating talks between the two sides in the Darfur conflict , which erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Khartoum government . The government launched a brutal counter-insurgency campaign , aided by government-backed Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . Al-Bashir is under pressure to end the fighting , particularly because he was charged with genocide by the International Criminal Court last year for the government 's campaign of violence in Darfur . In the past six years , an estimated 300,000 people have been killed through direct combat , disease or malnutrition , the United Nations says . An additional 2.7 million people fled their homes because of fighting among rebels , government forces and allied militias .	NEW : Sudanese government , Darfur rebel group sign confidence-building deal NEW : Government , Justice and Equality Movement holding further talks in two weeks NEW : Analyst calls agreement "  first step in the right direction " Around 300,000 people estimated to have died in six-year conflict
CNN  -- What does it feel like to kill a man ? James Lenihan of Brooklyn , New York , knew . He fought in Europe in World War II and he killed a German soldier during a battle in Holland . He described how it felt in a poem . I shot a man yesterday And much to my surprise , The strangest thing happened to me I began to cry . So begins "  Murder : Most Foul , " a work that echoes poetry about war in the tradition of William Shakespeare and borrows its title from the bard 's "  Hamlet . " As powerful as the poem is , the story behind it is also fascinating . Sgt. James Lenihan returned home after the war , got married , had children and made a career as a salesman in the meatpacking industry . If he ever wrote any other poems , his son Robert and daughter Joan , who still live in Brooklyn , New York , do n't know of any . In fact , they did n't know about this poem until after their father died . They found it when they were going through his possessions . Robert and Joan Lenihan found two typewritten pages , each with a copy of the poem . It was unsigned , but Robert believes the poem was written by his father and later typed up by his mother for safekeeping . The poem describes a killing in Holland , where Lenihan served in the 104th Infantry Division as it battled German units . It portrays a soldier very upset about taking a life . I knelt beside him And held his hand -- I begged his forgiveness Did he understand ? But even while he describes the shooting as murder , Lenihan makes clear he had no choice . It was the War And he was the enemy If I had n't shot him He would have shot me . Robert Lenihan said the poem is a bit unlike the father he grew up with -- a man who could be a "  tough customer " if need be , not someone tormented by a fleeting , albeit intense , moment on a battlefield in Holland . "  I 'm just starting to appreciate how much he suffered only now in this part of my life . When I was a kid , like if he yelled at me or something , I 'd say ` Well , Dad 's being cranky , ' " Lenihan said . Lenihan said even though the incident in the poem took place more than 60 years ago , it still resonates and should be a lesson to young soldiers coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan that they are n't the first to face such emotional turmoil as this . "  That feeling they may have of regret and pain and shock of what they 've done . It shows they are not alone , " Lenihan said . While Lenihan is obviously proud of his father 's poem , CNN sent it to Georgetown University professor David Gewanter , who has published several books of poetry , including "  War Bird " published last year . Gewanter called the poem "  accomplished . " In an e-mail to CNN , Gewanter said the poem "  is good , and its truths are that of experience and some literary traditions . " Robert Lenihan sounded surprised when he heard Gewanter 's analysis of his father 's amateur poem . "  I 'm very deeply touched , " Lenihan said . "  For an expert to assess it that way and make such important comparisons I 'm amazed and quite touched . " The poetry professor said Sgt. Lenihan 's poem reminds him of a famous portion of Shakespeare 's play "  Henry V. " From this day to the ending of the world , But we in it shall be remembered -- We few , we happy few , we band of brothers ; But Gewanter said it perhaps most closely resembles "  The Man He Killed , " a work by Thomas Hardy written at the start of World War I . In that poem , Hardy writes that the soldier and the foe he killed might have shared a drink or loaned each other money had they met somewhere other than a battlefield . Sgt. Lenihan 's poem ends not with talk of loans or drinks , but a darker scene . I shot a man yesterday And much to surprise A part of me died with Him When Death came to close His eyes .	Sgt. James Lenihan returned home after the war , got married , had children became a salesman After his death , children found a copy of poem they believe their father wrote Poem describes killing enemy soldier ; click here to read entire poem Poem : I knelt beside him ; And held his hand ; I begged his forgiveness
CNN  -- A terminal at Detroit Metropolitan Airport was evacuated for about two hours Monday morning due to concerns over a suspicious device . The north terminal -- the smaller of the two at the airport -- was cleared to reopen around 8:30 a.m. , an airport spokesman said . Earlier , screeners with the Transportation Security Administration noticed something suspicious in a passenger 's carry-on luggage , said airport spokesman Michael Conway . Explosive teams looked into it , and in the meantime passengers in the terminal were moved "  a safe distance away , " he said . The passenger carrying the suspicious item was not under arrest but was being detained , Conway said . The larger terminal continued normal operations , he said . Wayne County Airport Authority spokesman Scott Wintner later said the device was removed from the north terminal , allowing operations to be restored . No further details were given about the suspicious device . An FBI official said no explosive device was found . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : An FBI official says no explosive device was found One of Detroit Metropolitan Airport 's terminals was evacuated for about two hours It was cleared to reopen around 8:30 a.m. , a spokesman says Screeners had noticed something suspicious in a passenger 's carry-on luggage
We take a lot for granted about the way the world looks today -- the widespread freedom , the unprecedented global prosperity  even despite the current economic crisis  , and the absence of war among great powers . In 1941 there were only a dozen democracies in the world . Today there are more than 100 . For four centuries prior to 1950 , global GDP rose by less than 1 percent a year . Since 1950 it has risen by an average of 4 percent a year , and billions of people have been lifted out of poverty . The first half of the 20th century saw the two most destructive wars in the history of mankind , and in prior centuries war among great powers was almost constant . But for the past 60 years no great powers have gone to war . This is the world America made when it assumed global leadership after World War II . Would this world order survive if America declined as a great power ? Some American intellectuals insist that a "  Post-American " world need not look very different from the American world and that all we need to do is "  manage " American decline . But that is wishful thinking . If the balance of power shifts in the direction of other powers , the world order will inevitably change to suit their interests and preferences . Take the issue of democracy . For several decades , the balance of power in the world has favored democratic governments . In a genuinely post-American world , the balance would shift toward the great power autocracies . Both China and Russia already protect dictators like Syria 's Bashar al-Assad . If they gain greater relative influence in the future , we will see fewer democratic transitions and more autocrats hanging on to power . What about the free market , free trade economic order ? People assume China and other rising powers that have benefited so much from the present system would have a stake in preserving it . They would n't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs . But China 's form of capitalism is heavily dominated by the state , with the ultimate goal being preservation of the ruling party . Although the Chinese have been beneficiaries of an open international economic order , they could end up undermining it simply because , as an autocratic society , their priority is to preserve the state 's control of wealth and the power it brings . They might kill the goose because they ca n't figure out how to keep both it and themselves alive . Finally , what about the long peace that has held among the great powers for the better part of six decades ? Many people imagine that American predominance will be replaced by some kind of multipolar harmony . But multipolar systems have historically been neither stable nor peaceful . War among the great powers was a common , if not constant , occurrence in the long periods of multipolarity in the 16th , 17th , and 18th centuries . The 19th century was notable for two stretches of great-power peace of roughly four decades each , punctuated , however , by major wars among great powers and culminating in World War I , the most destructive and deadly war mankind had known up to that point . The era of American predominance has shown that there is no better recipe for great-power peace than certainty about who holds the upper hand . Many people view the present international order as the inevitable result of human progress , a combination of advancing science and technology , an increasingly global economy , strengthening international institutions , evolving "  norms " of international behavior , and the gradual but inevitable triumph of liberal democracy over other forms of government -- forces of change that transcend the actions of men and nations . But there was nothing inevitable about the world that was created after World War II . International order is not an evolution ; it is an imposition . It is the domination of one vision over others -- in America 's case , the domination of liberal free market principles of economics , democratic principles of politics , and a peaceful international system that supports these , over other visions that other nations and peoples may have . The present order will last only as long as those who favor it and benefit from it retain the will and capacity to defend it . If and when American power declines , the institutions and norms American power has supported will decline , too . Or they may collapse altogether as we transition into another kind of world order , or into disorder . We may discover then that the United States was essential to keeping the present world order together and that the alternative to American power was not peace and harmony but chaos and catastrophe -- which was what the world looked like right before the American order came into being .	Robert Kagan : We take for granted the relative peace , freedom and prosperity of the world America 's dominance as a superpower has encouraged democracy , prevented war , he says Kagan : An American decline could lead to a more turbulent and troubled world
Mashable  -- As with any high-profile product release , Apple 's new iPad device has been peppered with complaints since reaching consumers ' hands on March 16 . Among them : that magazines look terrible on the iPad 3 ′ s high-resolution display . The complaints were first brought to light by Tumblr blogger Jamie Billett . He pointed out that in the New Yorker 's iPad app , the text on some pages is rendered as HTML , and the text on other pages is rendered as an image  . png  file . The latter pages now appear "  badly aliased " -- i.e. conspicuously pixelated -- throughout the app because the images have n't been formatted to accommodate the iPad 3 ′ s 2048 x 1536-pixel resolution , he complains .  The iPad 2 , by comparison , has a resolution of 1024 x 768 pixels . The New Yorker and other Conde Nast title have taken the heat for looking poor under the new display , but they 're not alone . Titles from other magazine publishers -- we looked at Time magazine and Sports Illustrated from Time Inc. , and at Esquire and O : The Oprah Magazine from Hearst -- all suffered from the same problems . The only exception ? Vogue , which launched its iPad edition the same day the iPad 3 hit stores . The title planned its debut in conjunction with the tablet 's release , and thus was able to optimize for the iPad 's "  retina display " ahead of time , a Conde Nast spokesperson told us . The spokesperson added that the company is "  working to optimize the rest of our digital edition portfolio over the next few weeks . " But what will the ` optimization ' process entail ? How much will it increase file sizes ?  We noticed , for instance , that Vogue 's premiere issue was a full 408 megabytes on the iPad 3 , and less than 300 on the iPad 2 . We spoke with Zeke Koch , senior director of product management of Adobe 's digital publishing arm , to find out . Adobe 's software powers all of Conde Nast 's editions for tablets . Magazine publishers who use Adobe 's software all begin with InDesign to develop layouts , Koch explained . Those layouts can then be exported in three different kinds of formats : as images  . png or . jpg  , PDF or HTML . Different kinds of files -- images , for instance , or video and audio files -- are embedded within those larger file types . Since magazines began publishing on tablets , "  virtually all " publishers have chosen to export their digital editions as PNG  . png  files , Koch said . "  The primary reason they did that is because the fidelity is perfect . What you see on the desktop when you 're designing is exactly what you see on the iPad when you 're finished . Images are the fastest thing to load , and if you 're trying to create a quick , effortless browsing experience , images are the way to do that , " he explained . "  That was okay when there was only one screen size -- when you were just working with the iPad 1 and 2 , " he added . "  When the iPad 3 came out , you were now dealing with a device with four times as many pixels . " The iPad 3 applies an anti-aliasing filter to all low-resolution content , which blurs images ever so slightly . As a result , photographs still look about the same on the iPad 3 , but the text looks a lot worse -- i.e. , visibly blurry , or pixelated . What Vogue did -- and what all other titles will have to do in the coming weeks -- is begin exporting their digital editions as PDFs , said Koch . But what about file size ? I pointed out to Koch that Vogue was nearly as large as Wired 's first issue for the original iPad . Unfortunately , he said , magazine files will be larger for iPad 3 readers because the image and video files need to be delivered at a higher resolution . Owners of first and second-generation iPads will still be able to download smaller , lower-resolution files , however . A magazine that is around 400 megabytes on the iPad 3 will be around 280 megabytes on the iPad 1 and 2 , Koch said . But why not render in HTML ? I asked Koch . Would n't that make the files smaller , and give readers the added benefit of selectable text ? Koch claimed that publishing in HTML would n't substantially reduce the file sizes . "  In both cases , you have a bunch of words , and descriptions of where things should be , and multimedia . Those multimedia files are still the same size . " He said the big disadvantage with HTML is that it 's "  not very good at layout out things predictably and perfectly . " Rather , it 's optimal for helping people create content that will adapt to any size screen . Ultimately , however , Koch believes most publishers will move to HTML as standards improve and as publishers move to publish on a wider range of tablets . So there you have it . Magazine readers need not despair about the appearances of their magazines for too much longer , as publishers are working to optimize their editions . The fix is relatively simple : publishers will have to increase the resolution of their image and video files , and export their digital editions as PDFs . iPad 3 owners will have to suffer longer download times , and wo n't be able to store as many magazines on their devices as iPad 1 and 2 owners , but that 's the price one pays for a visually stunning reading experience , no ? © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Users have complained some magazine apps look pixilated , or blurry , on the new iPad With the iPad 3 , publishers are now dealing with a device with four times as many pixels Publishers will have to increase the resolution of their files and export their editions as PDFs An exception is Vogue , which was able to optimize for the iPad 's "  retina display " ahead of time
CNN  -- Jim Furyk has won a major and was in the top 10 in the rankings for about a decade but lately he 's been known for near misses instead of big titles . He could n't maintain his advantage heading into the final round of this year 's PGA Championship and also blew a lead at last year 's U.S. Open . Furyk , however , did n't falter at the BMW Championship on Friday as he became only the sixth man on the PGA Tour to card a 59 . He must like competing in Illinois , since he captured the U.S. Open 10 years ago in the same state . Furyk struck 11 birdies and an eagle in his second round . Although he cooled after firing a 28 in his first nine holes , Furyk birdied the ninth -- a short putt -- to tie the record that was last matched in 2010 by Paul Goydos and Stuart Appleby . The crowd at Conway Farms roared its approval and Jason Dufner was one of those rooting for Furyk . At the PGA Championship it was Furyk who congratulated Dufner , the winner . "  I just told myself on nine , ` How many opportunities in your life are you going to have to do this ever again ? ' " Furyk said in a televised interview shown by Sky Sports . "  It 'll sink in later , " the 43-year-old added . "  I 'm excited . The second part of that is I 'll have to calm down later on tonight and realize I 've got myself in contention in a golf tournament . I 'll enjoy this one for a few hours at least and have fun with it . " Indeed based on his first-round showing , there was no hint of what was to come . Furyk , now the world 's 15th-ranked golfer , struggled Thursday , carding a one-over-par 72 , and he was nine shots behind overnight leader Brandt Snedeker . Now he is tied for the lead with his fellow American . The highlight of Furyk 's round had to be an eagle on the 15th . "  I watched the gallery and they started standing up and the arms went up , and that 's how I knew it went in , " said Furyk , who won the last of his 16 PGA titles in 2010 . "  Usually on Sundays I do n't ever sleep , whether I play good or poorly . I 'm always running back the moments of the day I could have improved -- there 's not much I could have improved today so I think I 'll sleep well . " Furyk and Snedeker hold a three-shot lead over Zach Johnson while world No. 1 Tiger Woods is seven shots behind . Rory McIlroy 's poor season continued as he 's in 70th -- last place . But with no cut , he is guaranteed two more rounds .	Jim Furyk becomes the sixth man on golf 's PGA Tour to shoot a 59 Furyk struck a 28 on his first nine holes and hit a birdie on his final hole to tie the record His round at the BMW Championship outside Chicago included an eagle on the 15th Furyk struggled in the first round at Conway Farms , registering a one-over-par 72
CNN  -- An American contractor said Thursday that the U.S. mission in Iraq will be undermined if the Iraqi government succeeds in revoking blanket legal immunity for American security contractors . An armored vehicle of a foreign private security company drives in central Baghdad in October 2007 . Carter Andress reacted to a Wednesday government report that said the removal of legal immunity for American private security contractors could set off an "  exodus " from war-ravaged Iraq and "  impose significant limitations " on American reconstruction efforts . The scenario is outlined in the quarterly report issued to Congress by the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction . Andress , whose firm builds bases for the Iraqi army and police and supplies those places with water , food , fuel and maintenance services , said that about 40 percent of his staff is involved in security . "  We would undermine the U.S. mission here because they are so reliant on contractors , " said Andress , co-founder of the American-Iraqi Solutions Group . "  For better or for worse , that 's reality . " Even though 90 percent of his employees are Iraqis , he fears that new laws could force him to shut down . But the "  exodus " comment in the report also prompted skepticism from a scholar who studies the subject . Peter Singer , a Brookings Institution scholar who is an authority on private security firms , said , "  I do n't think we should worry about a market collapse , so to speak . There 's simply too much money to be made . " The Iraqi government has criticized the blanket immunity because of the actions of security contractors , such as the September shootings in Baghdad of Iraqi citizens that involved Blackwater contractors . Seventeen people died in that incident . "  From a relief and reconstruction perspective , one of the most critical issues under discussion is contractor immunity , " the inspector general 's report says . "  Existing agreements provide U.S. contractors in Iraq with blanket immunity from prosecution under Iraqi law . But -LSB- the government of Iraq -RSB- is seeking to modify , if not eliminate , that immunity . Such action would acutely affect the status of private security contractors in Iraq . " The issue of immunity has been part of the ongoing talks trying to create a long-term security agreement between the United States and Iraq after the U.N. mandate defining the role of American troops ends at the end of the year . Iraqis simply want contractors to abide by their laws . Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said this month that negotiators have agreed to drop the legal immunity for contractors , but a formal announcement has not been made . The inspector general estimates that about 70 private security companies have operated in the country since 2003 , with cumulative contract values totaling approximately $ 4.5 billion . The inspector general report says the United States has "  appropriated more than $ 50 billion in taxpayer dollars for Iraq 's reconstruction . " Asked about the report , Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said , "  I am confident the Iraqi government and the U.S. government for whom we work will come to some sort of an agreement that will represent both of their interests . " If anything does change with the immunity law , "  we 're standing by for direction from our U.S. government clients , " she said . Stuart Bowen , the special inspector general , elaborated on the reference to security contractors in the report , saying he believes that changes in immunity are "  going to have a very real economic impact , " particularly with the provincial reconstruction teams operating in the Iraqi provinces . Although there has n't been a formal announcement about the status of immunity , he believes that the blanket immunity measure for contractors that was developed by the Coalition Provisional Authority will be significantly modified at the very least . He said security contractors are the main target , but he said non-security contractors also would be subject to Iraqi law if immunity is revoked . He raised the issue of insurance costs , saying the removal of immunity could jack up such costs for security and other contractors . Bowen says one result he can foresee is the growth of homegrown Iraqi security firms . "  Clearly , if you ca n't use American security contractors , then you will have to use other contractors , " such as those from Jordan , the Gulf region or Iraq , he said . Singer said the issue of immunity has been discussed for some time , and contractors have had "  a lot of lead time to figure out what 's going on here . This is n't something new . " "  You 've got around 190,000 private military contractors out there , doing all sorts of roles , everything from armed security work to logistics and running base operations and things like that . They work for all sorts of hundreds of different companies . And again they 're coming from around the world . " He points out that the marketplace for security in Iraq is a big one , with Americans a minority in an industry that includes Iraqis and other third-country nationalities . "  You may well see some companies decide they want to leave , but they 're going to evaluate what 's in their own interests and other companies are going to decide what 's in their own interest . This is , I would argue , a good thing because it 's trying to take Iraq and turn it into what is a more natural setting , where that government is in charge of the operations of what 's happening on the ground from a legal standpoint . " Andress said the removal of immunity would have a big impact on his business . "  You 've still got remnants of the insurgents out there . You 've still got ... the thieves . So , you 've still got to have convoy security , " said Andress , whose firm has won a quarter of a billion dollars in Defense contracts . A security contractor , who asked not to be named because he could lose his job for talking to reporters , said he believes a removal of immunity would have a chilling effect for contractors . He said Iraqi contractors taking over security duties have improved but have n't reached the level of proficiency that Americans have . The contractor , who said he has worked in Iraq and other countries , believes that non-Iraqi contractors could be be treated brutally and unfairly . "  It 's like putting a police officer in the middle of Folsom Prison , on murderers row with five guys he put away , " the contractor said . "  They 're not going to get a fair trial . " He said individuals would n't want to work as contractors there in such a situation -- or they would demand more money to do it . He believes that some firms would pull out because of liability issues or because they could n't find proper security .	Report says loss of contractor immunity could spark "  exodus " from Iraq Contractor says Iraq reliant on firms like his , "  for better or for worse " Scholar skeptical that contractors would leave -- "  Too much money to be made " About 70 private security companies have operated in Iraq since 2003
CNN  -- Red Bull 's appeal against Daniel Ricciardo 's disqualification at last month 's Australian Grand Prix has been rejected by the International Automobile Federation  FIA  . The Australian driver finished the race in second place but was later disqualified after it was found that his car had exceeded the maximum fuel flow rate . A meeting of the FIA 's International Court of Appeal heard evidence from all parties on Monday before announcing their decision on Tuesday morning . Ricciardo , who was making his debut for Red Bull , finished the opening race of the Formula One season behind Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg only for stewards to later rule that his car had broken the sport 's new fuel regulations . The rule , which states that each car is limited to 100kg of fuel per race , was introduced to make the sport more fuel efficient . Following the race in Melbourne , Red Bull argued that there had been inconsistencies with the FIA 's fuel flow meter throughout the weekend , but motorsport 's governing body did not agree . In a statement released Tuesday , Red Bull said : "  We always believed we adhered to the technical regulations throughout the 2014 Australian Grand Prix . We are sorry for Daniel that he will not be awarded the 18 points from the event , which we think he deserved . "  We will continue to work very hard to amass as many points as possible for the team , Daniel and Sebastian  Vettel  throughout the season . "  We will now move on from this and concentrate on this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . " Ricciardo , understandably , was also disappointed , but said the ruling had made him hungrier than ever . "  It 's disappointing not to get the 18 points from Australia , but if anything it gives me more motivation to get back on the podium as soon as possible , " Ricciardo said in a statement released on the Red Bull Racing website . "  I 've had a few set-backs in the first couple of races this year , but in Bahrain I demonstrated that , if anything , I 'm stronger for it and hungrier than ever to get back on the podium . Not that I need any more motivation , I 'm pumped ! " The unsuccessful appeal means that the standings in both the constructors ' and drivers ' championship remain the same with the reigning world champions staying in fourth place with 35 points and Ricciardo 10th with 12 points . NASCAR 's Haas mulls F1 entry date Meanwhile , NASCAR team owner Gene Haas says he will make a decision over the next few weeks as to when his proposed U.S. F1 team will make its debut in the sport . Haas learned last week that the FIA had granted an application for the new team to enter the F1 championship . Initially , Haas hoped to line up on the grid next season , but that may be too early , he says . "  I think 2015 is too close and 2016 is too far , " Haas said , Formula1.com reported . "  If we wait we 'll end up spending even more money because we 'll just be in a neutral position . We need to come up with a plan where we can arrive with a car , based on our partners ' technology , within the rules of the FIA . " Haas has appointed Gunther Steiner , previously a technical director at Red Bull and Jaguar , as his team principal . "  We will announce in six to eight weeks what we are doing , " Steiner said , Formula1.com reported . "  We want to make the right decision ; we do n't want to jump and say ` wow , we got this wrong ' and fail . We have an option to start in 2016 , so we will speak with people and make a qualified decision . " Read more : Red Bull appeal Ricciardo disqualification	FIA reject Red Bull 's appeal against Daniel Ricciardo 's disqualification at Australian GP Australian driver finished race second but later disqualified for exceeding fuel flow limit "  We are sorry for Daniel that he will not be awarded the 18 points ... " Red Bull said NASCAR 's Gene Haas may delay entry of his proposed U.S. F1 team until 2016 season
CNN  -- Argentine football star Carlos Tevez has thanked his fans for their support following his father 's kidnap ordeal in Buenos Aires . Segundo Tevez was captured while driving his car in the district of MorÃ ³ n , around 20 kilometers west of the center of the Argentine capital , on Tuesday morning before being released later in the day , according to state news agency Telam . Tevez , who plays for Italian champion Juventus , later confirmed the news of his father 's release and thanked fans for their messages of support on his official Facebook page . "  Thank you all for the support as always . I tell you that my father is well , safe and sound . This is the most important ! " Local media also reported that a ransom of 400,000 Argentine pesos  $ 49,000  was paid for his father 's release . Tevez had planned to fly back to Argentina upon hearing the news of the abduction , but will now stay in Italy as Juventus prepares to start its Serie A title at the end of August . A statement on the club 's official website read : "  Carlos Tevez will remain in Turin after receiving the news that his father , kidnapped during the night on the outskirts of Buenos Aires , has now been set free . "  The striker was all set to return to his homeland after leave of absence had been granted by the club , but will now continue his preseason preparations at Juventus Center , where he is due to train  on Wednesday  . " Tevez joined Juve from English Premier League side Manchester City in June 2013 and scored 19 goals last season as the team romped to a 30th league title , finishing a record-breaking 17 points clear of second-placed Roma . Tevez did not play at the 2014 World Cup , where Argentina lost in the final -- the last of his 64 international appearances was in 2011 . Read more : Juventus smash Italian points record	Carlos Tevez 's father suffers kidnap ordeal in Buenos Aires Segundo Tevez captured and later released on Tuesday Juventus striker thanks fans for support on social media
CNN  -- The Obama administration has not always been great at selling its agenda , but the president 's adoption of the right-wing slur "  Obamacare " as a prideful new name for the Affordable Care Act has been a notable exception . We often think the proper response to being called a dirty name is to object . That 's a good first step , but in the long term , the judo approach is constructive -- hurl the power being used against you back to your opponent . For example , in 1968 William F. Buckley could offend Gore Vidal by calling him a "  queer " on television . Today , the line would feel antique and impotent , in large part because gay men adopted the term for themselves and denatured its sting . Women today are doing the same with b -- h. Black people long ago adopted the N-word as a raffish term of in-group affection , and if you ask me as a black person , we 'd do better to stop going to pieces when white people say it . If the word did n't do the job , people would be less likely to use it . Kanye West understands the technique . His idea of emblazoning the Confederate flag on T-shirts to take possession of it in the name of black America is inspired . The good ole boy hangs a Confederate flag out his window and black people are walking by under it in T-shirts with the same flag on it -- that 's how you get a new world started . Yet on Obamacare , we face the awkward fact that the right wing has not been completely vanquished in its quest to vilify the program with a name . We hear of quite a few out people out there who confidently espouse the tenets that the Affordable Care Act is based on and yet lustily declare themselves opposed to Obamacare , which they think is something separate .  Watch this Jimmy Kimmel video to see people do that very thing . But this does n't mean we 'd be better off if Obama had n't adopted the term Obamacare . For one , for those in favor of the program , the term stands as a useful reminder of one of the few large-scale triumphs of this administration on the domestic policy front . Health care policy is n't as inherently dramatic as battles over education , the environment or the culture wars . In the grand scheme of things , Obama 's legacy in the popular consciousness is better served by a term as memory friendly as Obamacare , just as the Johnson administration is better served by its association with Medicare rather than "  Social Security Act Title XVIII . " But what about those Obamacare opponents who think companies should be required to enroll people despite pre-existing conditions and that young people should be able to stay on their parents ' policies until age 26 , while unaware that this makes hating Obamacare about as logical as seeking to breathe while disapproving of respiration ? Well , we can assume that in a massive , poorly educated nation such as this one , a healthy segment will display this "  keep your government hands off my Medicare " level of political sophistication . We assume , however , that in a modern democracy , change comes from ongoing disputation , as "  conversations " move in certain directions . It will be hard for such people not to notice , as time goes by , that the provisions they espouse came into being under "  Obamacare , " whatever their take on Tea Party ideology . Even sooner than this , the prevalence of the meme holding these Affordable-Care-Act-loving Obamacare opponents front and center as national jokes will have a certain effect . Oh , we wo n't see many contrite admissions of ignorance . But that 's not how ideological battles are won . As often as not , people admit the truth to themselves , but they 'd have no way to do even that if Obama had n't picked up the Obamacare term and lobbed it back . Kanye West 's idea with the Confederate flag T-shirts is "  Now , whaddya gon na do about it ? " For those who want universal health care but hate Obamacare , the ignorance so deep that there 's nowhere to go but up . What are they gon na do about it ? Learn , apparently -- they could n't avoid it if they tried . That 's progress . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John McWhorter .	John McWhorter : Adopting a slur cancels its sting : women did it with b-word , blacks with N-word McWhorter : Should Obama use "  Obamacare , " the GOP slur for Affordable Care Act ? He says anti-Obama people support ACA , hate Obamacare , think they are different McWhorter : Obama did the right thing to link his name with far-reaching health care reform
CNN  -- Years before Bill Nye became the Science Guy , he was a mechanical engineering student at Cornell University , where he took a course with astronomer Carl Sagan . Sagan , who was instrumental in the planning of NASA missions to other planets and became widely known for his research , writing and public television series , was one of the founders of the Planetary Society . And his student dutifully signed up to become a member . "  I 've been a member for over 30 years . And now I 'm the head guy . It 's quite odd , " a surprised-sounding Nye told CNN in an interview in March at the TED2012 conference in Long Beach , California . So today , the bow-tied , jauntily professorial Nye has a new role aside from his television work as a popularizer of science : As the society 's chief executive , he 's become a leading voice against the Obama administration 's proposed $ 300 million cut in NASA 's planetary exploration budget . And it 's a subject about which he 's passionate . Remembering retired NASA astronaut , Alan Poindexter . "  This is a deep , deep concern . All the budgets are being cut . We gotcha , budgets are being cut , budgets are being pulled back , yes , yes , all good , " he says , acknowledging the pressure to cut spending . "  But investment in space stimulates society , it stimulates it economically , it stimulates it intellectually , and it gives us all passion . Everyone , red state , blue state , everyone supports space exploration . So I understand the budget has got to be cut , but something has gone a little bit wrong . " Nye says the planetary exploration budget , facing a reduction of 21 % from this fiscal year 's budget , is taking a deeper cut than other parts of NASA . "  This would n't matter . except it 's not a faucet . It 's not a spigot you can turn off and on . You stop planetary exploration , those people who do that extraordinary work are going to have to go do something else . " His worry is that the U.S. is in danger of losing its unmatched scientific expertise to plan and execute missions to other planets . "  To try to really land a spacecraft really on another world is really difficult , and if we lose that ability , it 's going to be heartbreaking , " says Nye , who adds that it could take decades to recoup . Nye makes another argument for investing in exploring the solar system . He says there are two kinds of natural disasters that can be prevented : One is climate change , and the other is the Earth getting hit by an asteroid . Telescope aims to head off asteroids ' impact on Earth "  If the Earth gets hit by an asteroid , it 's game over . It 's control-alt-delete for civilization . " Nye says he figures "  sea jellies , squid , cockroaches will be fine , " but an asteroid could wipe out humankind . "  So what we want to do is to develop the capability to redirect , to deflect an asteroid , ever so slightly . If you 're going to do that , you 've got to have space exploration . And sooner or later , you 're going to want to send people out there to look around . It 's just our nature , and one day it would be exciting to send people to Mars . " NASA is in the midst of active exploration of Mars . In August , Curiosity , the Mars Science Laboratory rover , is due to land on the planet 's surface . David Weaver , NASA 's associate administrator for communications , says the rover is the "  Hubble of Mars missions " and "  the most sophisticated scientific system ever sent to another planet . " Space junk diplomacy Its mission is to determine whether the red planet could have ever hosted life . Weaver said in June that the agency is reformulating its Mars strategy in light of budget constraints and scientific priorities and "  the president 's challenge of sending humans to Mars in the 2030s . " Nye says his concern is n't about current missions but about whether the next series of missions and the ones beyond that will have enough funds to proceed . Taking a larger view , Nye says there are two questions everyone should ask themselves at some time in their lives : "  Where did we come from ? And are we alone ? " "  To seek the real answers to those questions , you have to explore space , and if you stop exploring , if you say , ' I do n't care ; I 'm not going to look up and out and beyond the horizon , ' what does that say about you ? It 's not good , " Nye said . "  If we found life on Mars , or evidence of life on Mars , it would change the way everybody thinks about everything . It would change the way you think about your place in space . "	Bill Nye , the Science Guy on TV , also heads Planetary Society He is speaking out against proposed cuts in NASA planetary exploration budget Nye says the U.S. has unmatched expertise in landing spacecraft on other planets If America loses its edge , it could take decades to rebuild , Nye says
A man shot and killed four children and two adults Wednesday at a Houston-area home belonging to relatives of his estranged wife , authorities said . A seventh person , a 15-year-old girl , was critically wounded in the shooting near Spring , Texas , and taken to a local hospital . Ron Lee Haskell was arrested after a three-hour standoff that followed a short chase with sheriff 's deputies . Haskell , 34 , is being held on charges of capital murder , Harris County Precinct 4 Constable Ron Hickman said . Killed were Stephen Stay , 39 ; Katie Stay , 33 ; two boys , ages 13 and 4 ; and two girls , ages 9 and 7 , the Harris County Sheriff 's Office said . Police said Haskell entered the home demanding to know the whereabouts of his estranged wife , who was not there . The house belonged to relatives of Haskell 's spouse , and Haskell might have been an uncle by marriage to at least some of the children , but his relationship to everyone in the home was n't immediately clear , Hickman said . "  I 've not personally in 40 years seen a tragedy in one family that 's this horrific , " he told reporters Thursday morning . Officials : Suspect was prepared to take more lives Haskell , apparently posing as a parcel delivery driver late Wednesday afternoon , entered the home of one of his estranged wife 's relatives while only the children were there , Hickman said . Wearing a purple "  Fed-Ex-looking shirt , " the suspect "  gathered up the children " and waited for the two adults to arrive , he said . Haskell was not the slain children 's father , as police had mistakenly asserted earlier , Hickman said . Haskell used to drive for a service that had a contract with FedEx , but not since January , FedEx spokeswoman Erin Truxal said . Investigators did n't immediately know what led to the shooting ; Hickman described it as a "  domestic situation . " Authorities believe the suspect was prepared to take the lives of other relatives who lived nearby . As the gunman left , one of the victims called police and notified "  us of the location that she believed that he may go from there , " Hickman said . "  Grandparents were also targets of him , " Harris County Sheriff 's Sgt. Thomas Gilliland said . "  Fortunately , they were brought out of the house before that could happen ,  or  we would have had more tragedy . " Hours-long standoff Haskell approached the second home and saw officers there ; he drove away and the officers pursued him , Hickman said . Police trapped Haskell in a cul-de-sac , and he surrendered after about three hours , having had discussions with negotiators , Hickman and Gilliland said . During much of the standoff , Haskell held a gun to his head , while deputies surrounded him with their weapons drawn , police said . Haskell has children with his estranged wife , but those children were not believed to have been in the Spring-area home where the shootings happened , Hickman said . The estranged wife lives out of state , police said . Haskell is expected to make his first court appearance Friday at 9 a.m. , the county clerk 's office said . Spring is about 20 miles north of Houston . Police : N.C. grandfather shoots father , kid kills grandpa	Police say man killed six people at the home of one of his estranged wife 's relatives Four children and two adults are dead ; one victim is in critical condition A victim called police , who intercepted the suspect as he approached a second home The suspect , Ron Lee Haskell , 34 , surrendered after a three-hour standoff
CNN  -- "  Star Wars 7 " has a title : "  The Force Awakens . " The latest chapter in the sprawling saga concluded principal photography recently , and with that finish came a tweet , posted Thursday morning , with the  presumably official  title . Of course , the Internet had to have its fun . As soon as "  Star Wars " revealed the name of the newest installment , out came the "  rejected ` Star Wars ' titles " on Twitter . These are a few of our favorites -- and yes , that 's CNN 's Doug Gross chiming in , too : Meanwhile , the cast members recently gathered for a wrap party . Mark Hamill , who had grown a thick beard , was clean-shaven , and Harrison Ford was walking well after suffering a leg injury on set in June . The new film is due for release December 18 , 2015 . It 's directed by J.J. Abrams and written by Abrams and Lawrence Kasdan . The previous film in what was a six-movie series , "  Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith , " was released in 2005 . With Abrams in place , ` Star Wars ' fans brace for future Every film except "  Star Wars Episode II : Attack of the Clones " has been the No. 1 film of the year at the box office . On Sunday , Anthony Daniels -- who plays C-3PO -- tweeted that "  The Force Awakens " would be even better than "  The Empire Strikes Back , " often ranked as the best in the series . CNN 's Breeanna Hare contributed to this story .	"  Star Wars 7 " gets a title New film concluded shooting recently New "  Star Wars " due for release December 18 , 2015
Eric Shinseki resigned Friday as the head of the Department of Veterans Affairs , leaving behind the daunting task of repairing a broken health care system that has left thousands of veterans at risk as they wait for medical care . Shinseki 's resignation concluded a firestorm of criticism and growing calls for him to step down following revelations of sometimes deadly delays for veterans waiting for care at VA hospitals , allegations exposed by CNN in a series of exclusive reports . Details of the delays were first exposed by CNN last November in an investigation into two VA hospitals in the Southeast . Since then , CNN 's reporting has expanded to include numerous other VA hospitals , culminating with details about secret waiting lists at the Phoenix VA that may have played a role in the deaths of 40 veterans . President Barack Obama went before reporters at the White House minutes after meeting with Shinseki , saying the retired Army general told him "  the VA needs new leadership " to address widespread issues that were chronicled in new reports this week . Obama said Shinseki "  does not want to be a distraction . " "  That was Ric 's judgment on behalf of his fellow veterans , and I agree . We do n't have time for distractions . We need to fix the problem , " Obama said . Calls for Shinseki 's resignation snowballed in recent days from across the political spectrum -- Republicans and Democrats , as well as veterans ' advocacy groups -- because of the misconduct . In a farewell message to VA employees , Shinseki did n't address the scandal specifically but did say he resigned with veterans ' interests in mind . "  My personal and professional commitment and my loyalty to veterans , their families and our survivors was the driving force behind that decision , " he said . "  That loyalty has never wavered , and it will never wane . " Shinseki says ` situation can be fixed , ' but not by him Earlier Friday , Shinseki announced steps to address the VA shortcomings , including removing senior leaders in the Phoenix VA medical system , eliminating performance awards for VA leaders in 2014 and wait times as a metric for evaluations and accelerating care to veterans . He also apologized to veterans and Congress , but declared : "  This situation can be fixed . " But Shinseki wo n't be part of the solution . He went to the White House to present Obama with findings from his internal audit of what was happening in the VA system , including that many audited facilities had "  questionable scheduling practices " that signaled a "  systemic lack of integrity . " Read the VA audit report The President acknowledged that scheduling issues did n't rise to the attention of Shinseki , whom he praised as a man who "  has served his country with honor for nearly 50 years . " At the same time , Obama said that he and Shinseki agreed that a shift in leadership was necessary . For now , Sloan Gibson -- a Shinseki deputy -- will head the VA until a new secretary is named and confirmed . "  Part of that is going to be technology . Part of that is management , " the President said . "  But as Ric Shinseki himself indicated , there is a need for a change in culture within the VHA , and perhaps the VHA as a whole -- or the VA as a whole that makes sure that bad news gets surfaced quickly so that things can be fixed . " Read Obama 's statement Breaking open the scandal Secret VA waits lists alleged in Phoenix Problems in the VA system date back decades , but CNN 's reporting of long waits at VA hospitals brought the issue into national focus at the end of 2013 . An April report by CNN in which sources said 40 veterans died at a Phoenix VA facility that used secret waiting lists to cover up the problem prompted angry calls for action . The VA has acknowledged 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care . CNN also obtained an e-mail written by an employee at a Wyoming VA clinic that said staff was instructed to "  game the system " to make the clinic appear more efficient . A preliminary inspector general 's report made public Wednesday described a "  systemic " practice of manipulating appointments and wait lists at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Phoenix . The VA 's troubled history According to the report , at least 1,700 military veterans waiting to see a doctor were never scheduled for an appointment or were placed on a waiting list at the Phoenix VA , raising the question of just how many more may have been "  forgotten or lost " in the system . In a recent USA Today opinion piece , Shinseki ordered VA officials to contact each of these veterans "  in order to bring the care they need and deserve . " The latest report by the VA inspector general 's office and Shinseki 's auditors indicated a link between employee bonuses and covering up patient wait times . There also have been calls for a criminal investigation into fraudulent record-keeping to cover up delays at VA hospitals . Obama said Friday that would be up to the Justice Department , which has been collecting information but has not launched any investigation . Shortly before he resigned , Shinseki told a veterans group that he was shocked by the inspector general 's report , especially the prevalence of wait lists for veterans needing medical care . "  That breach of integrity is irresponsible , it is indefensible and unacceptable to me , " he told the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans just before heading over to his final meeting with Obama . "  I said when this situation began weeks to months ago and I thought the problem was limited and isolated because I believed that . I no longer believe that . It is systemic , " he said . At the same time , the VA chief of more than five years said that others had misled him . "  I was too trusting of some , and I accepted as accurate reports that I now know to have been misleading with regard to patient wait times , " he said . "  I ca n't explain the lack of integrity among some of the leaders of our health care facilities . This is something I rarely encountered during 38 years in uniform and so I will not defend it because it 's indefensible , but I can take responsibility for it and I do . " Shinseki could n't weather firestorm Whistleblower : VA was ` way too focused on ... good numbers ' As the accusations mounted -- including the latest one in which Reps. Mike Doyle and Tim Murphy of Pennsylvania claimed 700 veterans had been placed on a primary care waiting list for doctor appointments at the Pittsburgh VA center , with some waiting since 2012 -- so too did the pressure on Shinseki . Senators calling for Shinseki resignation Politicians largely applauded Shinseki 's resignation on Friday , even as they said that the VA needed to do more than put new people in his place to resolve its shortcomings . "  The denial of care to our veterans is a national disgrace , and it 's fitting that the person who oversees the Department of Veterans Affairs has accepted responsibility for this growing scandal and resigned , " Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said in a statement . Meanwhile , a VA whistleblower who told CNN about the problems at the Phoenix facility said Friday he was saddened by Shinseki 's resignation under such circumstances . "  The VA administrators got way too focused on having good numbers and they forgot the most important mandate , the reason we all work at the VA -- to take care of veterans , to save their lives and give them good medical care , " Dr. Sam Foote said . "  The next secretary 's biggest challenge will be to get that refocused and make sure the number one job is taking care of veterans - not worrying about their bureaucratic careers , " Foote added . VA pledges faster appointments	Obama accepts VA secretary 's resignation , says Shinseki does n't want to be a distraction Shinseki says his commitment to veterans drove his decision to resign The move comes after months of reports about problems with the VA medical system
Jeff Franzen was just 6 when he saw John F. Kennedy shot . Nearly 50 years later , he recalled that fateful day . His family had gone to downtown Dallas to shop . They set up in a park near the end of the parade . When the shooting started , Franzen thought the popping sounds were firecrackers . "  Unfortunately , the shot that killed the president , it looked like confetti just coming out of the car , and you just assumed that 's what it was , " he told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " Franzen spoke Wednesday night , just two days before the 50th anniversary of Kennedy 's assassination . The former president was fatally shot in Dallas on November 22 , 1963 , while traveling in a motorcade with his wife . "  Fortunately , because I was so young , I think I could n't even begin to comprehend that somebody was being killed in front of me , " Franzen said . "  It 's more of an interesting tidbit of history that I just happened to be there . " Opinion : 50 years on , the enduring lessons of JFK 's presidency ` X ' marking spot of Kennedy assassination paved over	Jeff Franzen was just 6 years old when he saw John F. Kennedy shot He thought the popping sounds were firecrackers Franzen speaks two days before the 50th anniversary of Kennedy 's assassination
Washington  CNN  -- To Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine because the United States failed to avenge the 2012 terrorist attack that killed four Americans in Benghazi , Libya . "  It started with Benghazi , " Graham posted Tuesday on Twitter . "  When you kill Americans and nobody pays a price , you invite this type of aggression . " Nonsense , said Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor Paul Begala . "  The whole notion that this is all about the United States or all about President Obama , it 's frankly silly , " Begala said Wednesday on CNN 's "  New Day . " Such is the state of political discourse these days in the United States , where every issue -- particularly one that dominates media headlines -- becomes fair game for partisan attack . Election year rhetoric The dynamic is especially acute in an election year , when candidates and parties seek to score points with voters , and magnified even more when it involves foreign policy , noted Darrell West , the vice president for governance studies at the Brookings Institution . "  It does n't matter what happens -- Republicans attack and Democrats sound defensive , " West told CNN on Wednesday . "  It 's easy to do in foreign policy because there are so many unexpected things that take place . Every month there 's going to be a crisis . We just do n't know where . " House committee resolution urges sanctions against Russia Regardless of what started the events that led to Russia 's incursion into Ukraine 's Crimea Peninsula last week , both sides have adopted postures now familiar to Americans already disgusted with the political dysfunction permeating Washington . "  Can you think of any place in the world , any place where we are better off now than we were when he came to office ? " Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said Wednesday of President Barack Obama . "  He has acted in such a way almost amounting to passivity in many instances . " Concerned about being labeled a war-monger , McConnell quickly made clear that "  we are not suggesting here that the use of force is appropriate in very many occasions . " "  Only occasionally , " he said . "  But there is a widespread kind of lack of respect for U.S. opinion . " Partisan divide To former Vermont Gov. and Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean , Obama "  is doing exactly the right thing " with a measured approach to the Ukraine crisis . "  He 's ratcheting up the heat , and he 's doing it slowly enough so that Putin has a chance to back off , " Dean said Tuesday on CNN 's "  Crossfire . " "  One problem with Vladimir Putin is not only has he broken the law , but he now has to back down and save face at the same time . He needs the opportunity to do that . So the President needs to tighten the vise , keep squeezing gently , carefully , and not making it so public . And I think he 's doing exactly that , " Dean said . Does Putin want a new Cold War ? Most striking about the back-and-forth is that deep down , the two sides generally agree on what should happen . No one wants a military confrontation involving U.S. forces , instead preferring steps to isolate Russia diplomatically and economically . Ideas include a threatened boycott of the upcoming G8 summit in Sochi , with hints of kicking Russia out of the group of industrial powers that includes the United States , Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Japan and Canada . Also under consideration are strong economic sanctions , perhaps targeting Russia 's state-owned banks or wealthy oligarchs who keep and spend much of their money abroad . The United States has halted some military cooperation as well . Tough races mean tough attacks The venom of political dialogue generally depends on the toughness of the electoral challenge facing a particular candidate . Graham and McConnell both have conservative primary rivals in traditionally red states of South Carolina and Kentucky , and therefore want to sound belligerent against anything involving Obama and Democrats . Compare their rhetoric to Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , the GOP vice-presidential nominee in 2012 who remains open to a presidential run in 2016 . With his re-election presumably as safe as can be , Ryan touched on the main points of responses from both sides to the Ukraine crisis . Ryan : White House invited aggression but taking right steps "  When you have the world superpower having a foreign policy that , in my opinion , is weak and a defense policy now that shows weakness , I think it invites aggression . I think that it creates a vacuum that is filled by these types of actions , " Ryan told CNN on Wednesday . "  But , let 's be really clear . Who is to blame for this ? Vladimir Putin is to blame for this . And , I think the administration is making the proper responses . " Republican group ties Clinton to Obama handling on Ukraine To West , Republicans "  always love to make Obama look weak on foreign policy . " "  It 's easy to say that the President was caught off guard , " West said in a telephone interview . "  He was caught off guard , but so was every expert in the country . I do n't think anybody anticipated that first there would be the overturning of the government in the Ukraine , and then the Russian response after that . " He called the knee-jerk criticism "  a way for people to take advantage of the international uncertainty to score political points , " adding that "  political responses are heightened because we 're facing a midterm election . " Hawks oppose defense cuts Graham clearly had the 2016 presidential vote in mind when he linked Benghazi to Ukraine . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is the overwhelming Democratic favorite if she runs , and Graham and other Republicans want to keep the terror attack in Libya on her watch fresh in the minds of voters . West , did you really expect Russia to ignore Ukraine chaos ? He also is among a group of hawkish Senate veterans trying to minimize or even reverse cuts to defense spending in recent years , hastened in part by GOP insistence on reduced government spending . "  A lot of the current discussion is taking place against the backdrop of a conflict over defense spending , " West noted . "  Obama 's budget wants to scale back defense spending , and Republicans are upset with that . It 's easy for them to use Ukraine as an example for not cutting the military . " U.S. strategy for Ukraine crisis : Money talks Clinton compares Putin 's Ukraine moves to Hitler , later recalibrates Putin vs. Obama : Facing off over facts in Ukraine CNN 's Lindsay Perna contributed to this report .	Foreign policy issues such as Ukraine prompt tough election-year rhetoric Analyst : "  Republicans attack and Democrats sound defensive " Despite the point-scoring , both parties generally back the same approach GOP hawks use any issue to argue for halting or reversing cuts to defense spending
CNN  -- Street art has forever been a vibrant tool of personal expression manifesting in a variety of unique ways . In Africa it comes in the form of beautifully painted shop fronts , alternative methods of political campaigning and striking murals designed to inspire . To celebrate the best of African street art , CNN iReport asked for your submissions of the beautiful , political , or just plain fun . Back in the 1970s it was a gritty subculture associated with the streets of New York City , but these days the underground art of spray can graffiti can be found around the world , and Africa is no exception . Mozambican rapper Shot B submitted some of his work to iReport from around the capital city of Maputo . For him , being a street artist -- in addition to his musical exploits -- helps him share his voice with the local community "  This wall is working as a sketchbook ... Street is a space that I feel people can learn , and people can meet art and so that 's what motivates me , " he said . Watch : Rapper turns to street artist "  I love doing graffiti because I think that 's something straight related with me . I got love for the streets . I got love for spray cans . " The legitimacy of graffiti has been an ongoing discourse in developed nations for several years thanks to the rise in popularity of anonymous guerrilla artists like Banksy and Invader . Similarly to Shot B , striking work by South African graffiti artist FALKO1 can be found on walls in and around Cape Town . Much of his work incorporates the design quirks of the building he is working on , to the effect that it often seems to have evolved with the building itself . "  I 've been a graffiti artist with a strong traditional Hip-Hop influence since 1988 , " he said to CNN iReport . "  I do n't really consider myself a street artist but a graffiti artist/writer who dabbles in ` street art ' . " Many rappers like Shot B and FALKO1 use graffiti as an extension of their Hip Hop-inspired expression . But street art is also providing others with a political voice . While traveling through Morocco , iReporter Julee Khoo stumbled across a series of partisan murals . Intrigued by the designs , Khoo reached out to Moroccan colleagues who informed her that each local party is given public wall space to present campaign pledges , usually through election posters . "  Some parties have iconic symbols that represent them , so instead of posters , they use spray paint and stencils to paint the image of their party 's symbol on the wall , " she explained . She added : "  It 's a much simpler , yet less wasteful , greener way to distribute campaign information . The wall also enables parties to interact with the illiterate members of the population . "  I can appreciate the value in having a symbol representing a party so someone who can not read can simply pick out the identical symbol on the ballot in order to cast their vote -- makes the voting process a more accessible one . " Meanwhile in Gambia , local communities are using street art as a way of presenting their culture . Rimon Guimaraes , an iReporter from Brazil , captured a remarkable mural on a school faÃ § ade in Kubuneh . Created by his friend Noha , the mural is part of a larger body of work from the Wide Open Walls project , which aims to bring resident artists together to celebrate the Gambian communities while encouraging tourism in the region . "  I believe that the culture of Africans inspire artists of all the times , " he said . "  Modiglianni and Picasso are some examples of African influence in the art world . " In Nigeria , iReporter Edidiong Uwemakpan captured a stunning mural on the side of the Orange Academy offices , a brand advertising college in Lagos , Nigeria . Created by local artist Kimson , the piece was commissioned by the college in the hopes of inspiring students by featuring several Nigerian personalities including musician and rights activist Fela Kuti . "  I like the fact that the artwork was done on the first floor of the building and the outer fence , " he said . "  Together it told a story of liberation of the mind , of freedom , of standing for what you love and succeeding . " CNN 's Mark Tutton and Sarah Brown contributed to this report .	African street art includes graffiti , inspiring murals , painted shop fronts It provides an outlet for political voices and local culture Cape Town is home to a thriving graffiti scene with a social message
Rolling Stone  -- The paintings in Bob Dylan 's "  The Asia Series , " which are currently on display at the Gagosian Gallery in Manhattan , have come under fire for their resemblance to widely available pre-existing photographs . The series of paintings , which are said to part of a "  visual journal " made by the singer during his travels through Japan , China , Vietnam and Korea , have been compared to famous photos by well-known photographers such as Henri Cartier-Bresson and LÃ © on Busy . "  The most striking thing is that Dylan has not merely used a photograph to inspire a painting : he has taken the photographer 's shot composition and copied it exactly , " wrote Dylan critic Michael Gray in a post on his blog , Bob Dylan Encyclopedia . "  He 's replicated everything as closely as possible . That may be a  very self-enriching  game he 's playing with his followers , but it 's not a very imaginative approach to painting . It may not be plagiarism but it 's surely copying rather a lot . " While some fans in the Dylan-centric online community "  Expecting Rain " have voiced concern about the songwriter 's highly derivative visual art , others have argued that "  quotation " is a part of the tradition of art . Nevertheless , it 's a bit difficult to reconcile this notion with the fact that the work has been presented as coming from the rock legend 's "  firsthand " experiences abroad . Dylan has , in his way , been forthcoming about using photographs in his paintings . In a statement in the exhibition 's catalog , the singer says that he paints "  mostly from real life . It has to start with that . Real people , real street scenes , behind the curtain scenes , live models , paintings , photographs , staged setups , architecture , grids , graphic design . Whatever it takes to make it work . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The series of paintings are said to part of a "  visual journal " made by the singer "  It 's not a very imaginative approach to painting , " Michael Gray said Dylan has been forthcoming about using photographs in his paintings
A Texas judge denied the appeal of fundamentalist sect leader Warren Jeffs on Thursday , the same day a jury considered testimony to determine how to sentence a key figure in his church after his own bigamy conviction . The leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , Jeffs is serving a life-plus-20-year term in Texas for sexual assault . He was convicted in August of the aggravated sexual assaults of a 12-year-old girl and a 15-year-old girl , who Jeffs had claimed were his "  spiritual wives . " On Thursday , Chief Justice J. Woodfin Jones of Texas ' Third District Court of Appeals ruled against Jeffs ' appeal of that conviction . In his ruling , Jones noted Jeffs , who represented himself during part of his trial , missed several deadlines related to his appeal . Specifically , he did not file "  a written designation specifying the matters to be included in the clerk 's record nor  make  arrangements for payment of the record with the clerk 's office . " "  We informed Jeffs that his appeal may be dismissed for want of prosecution if he did not make arrangements for payment of the record and submit a status report regarding this appeal on or before January 23 , 2012 , " Jones wrote . "  To date , Jeffs has not responded . " The 10,000-member church that Jeffs heads is a breakaway Mormon sect that openly practices polygamy in the twin border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona , as well as on its Yearning for Zion ranch near Eldorado , Texas . The mainstream Mormon church renounced polygamy more than a century ago . Many sect members have disavowed Jeffs in light of his criminal convictions , while others are defending him and calling his conviction on sexual assault charges an act of persecution . Meanwhile , the man who temporarily replaced Jeffs as business head of the church , Wendell Nielsen , was in a Midland , Texas , court on Thursday for the punishment phase of his own trial . Nielsen was convicted Wednesday on three counts of bigamy , according to Lauren Bean , a spokeswoman for Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott . "  It 's a fabulous win for the victims of polygamy that he was convicted on these charges , " Flora Jessop , who fled Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as a teenager , told HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky . Testimony was offered , but there was no sentence decided upon by late Thursday afternoon , Bean said . While awaiting trial in February 2011 , Jeffs regained control of the sect and ousted at least 45 high-ranking members considered a threat to his leadership , two well-placed sources told CNN . In that reshuffling , Nielsen was replaced as the church 's business figure as Jeffs had signed documents retaking control , according to the sources .	A woman who fled calls Nielsen 's conviction "  a fabulous win for the victims of polygamy " The former top FLDS official is found guilty on three counts of bigamy A Texas judge denies the appeal of the polygamist sect 's leader Warren Jeffs Jeffs did not respond to court requests regarding the appeal , the judge says
CNN  -- The bassist of the rock band 3 Doors Down faces a driving under the influence charge after his arrest Tuesday in Mississippi . Police found Todd Harrell "  slumped over the steering wheel " of a vehicle stopped at an intersection in D'Iberville , Mississippi , a police statement released Wednesday said . Harrell , 42 , "  showed signs of impairment and was arrested and charged with 2nd offense DUI , " police said . The musician was charged with vehicular homicide in Nashville , Tennessee , last April after his speeding car allegedly clipped a pickup truck , sending it down an embankment and killing the driver , according to a Davidson County , Tennessee , sheriff 's spokesman . Harrell showed signs of impairment and acknowledged he had consumed hard cider and taken the prescription pills Lortab and Xanax after that incident , police said . The case is still pending . His group may be best known for its song "  Kryptonite , " but it had a string of hits in the early 2000s , including "  When I 'm Gone " and "  Here Without You . " Harrell is one of three founding members of the group that formed in Escatawpa , Mississippi , in 1994 , according to allmusic.com . The band toured regionally before eventually being discovered at a music showcase in New York . The band 's major label debut , "  The Better Life , " has sold more than 6 million copies , according to the Recording Industry Association of America . CNN 's Andre Dykes contributed to this report .	Police found Todd Harrell "  slumped over the steering wheel " at an intersection Harrell "  showed signs of impairment , " police say The musician still faces a vehicular homicide charge in Nashville from a crash last year 3 Doors Down may be best known for its song "  Kryptonite "
CNN  -- The Cincinnati Reds ' Homer Bailey added to his squad 's storybook season -- and to baseball pitchers ' remarkable run this year -- by tossing a no-hitter on Friday night . The Reds starter shut down the Pittsburgh Pirates by a 1-0 score , tossing 115 pitches and striking out 10 batters in the process . The lone blemishes that prevented him from earning a perfect game were a third-inning error and a walk in the seventh inning . Seven no-hitters have been thrown in the Major Leagues this season . That ties for the most in any year -- with 1990 and 1991 -- according to info posted on MLB.com , the league 's official website . It is Cincinnati 's first no-hitter since Tom Browning shut down the L.A. Dodgers , also by a 1-0 score , in 1988 . The win in Pittsburgh gave the Reds yet another reason to celebrate . Over a week ago , Cincinnati clinched a playoff berth and then the National League Central Division title . The Reds have the second-best record in the majors , just percentage points behind the Washington Nationals .	The Cincinnati Reds ' Homer Bailey tosses a no-hitter in 1-0 win over the Pirates It 's the seventh no-hitter this year , tied for most ever in one season Cincinnati has already clinched the National League Central Division title
CNN  -- As one of the premiere members of Hollywood 's A-list , Brad Pitt has graced the cover of many a magazine , from People to GQ to W. And now , as he celebrates his 50th birthday , he 's reached a new milestone : AARP The Magazine . The organization concocted a special cover in celebration of Pitt 's 50th on December 18 , welcoming him to their neck of the woods . "  Acclaimed Actor , Producer , Humanitarian and Family man , Mr. Pitt Joins the Club , " the cover 's headline reads . But , as is probably the case with his award-winning wine , Pitt 's only getting better with age . The star managed to turn around the beleaguered zombie thriller "  World War Z " in time for summer blockbuster season , and was rewarded with strong reviews and enough box office success to spawn a sequel . This fall , he 's had another hit with the acclaimed -- and awards season front-runner -- "  12 Years A Slave , " which he helped produce and also has a small role in . Off set , Pitt told Esquire magazine earlier this year that he was completely content as he headed toward the big 5-0 . "  I have a handful of close friends and I have my family and I have n't known life to be any happier , " he said . "  I 'm making things . I just have n't known life to be any happier . "	Brad Pitt celebrated his 50th birthday December 18 The AARP recognized the milestone with a mock cover The headline welcomed Pitt to "  the club " Career-wise , the actor has had a successful 2013
Travis Baumgartner , the man accused of killing three people during a robbery attempt at a Canadian university , was arrested Saturday by U.S. border officials in Washington , police said . He was caught while attempting to cross into the United States at the Lynden , Washington , U.S.-Canada border , south of Abbotsford , British Columbia . "  We 're grateful to the border officials at Lynden , Washington , for their excellent work in arresting a man we believe was armed and extremely dangerous , " Bob Hassel , superintendent of the Edmonton Police criminal investigations division , said in a statement . Baumgartner -- who was driving a dark blue Ford F-150 with what was likely his mother 's license plate -- will be brought back to Edmonton , the statement read . His arrest ended a 36-hour manhunt . Edmonton police say Baumgartner is behind the Friday robbery of an armored vehicle at the University of Alberta . The shooting left three security employees dead and a fourth critically injured . Canadian authorities filed warrants for three counts of murder for the 21-year-old man , who worked at the same security firm as the victims . He "  is believed to be one of several armored company employees that attended the U of A around midnight " on Friday "  to make a delivery , " Edmonton police said in a statement . Before his capture , both police and his mother begged Baumgartner to turn himself in . "  Trav , as your mother , I ask that you come forward now and take responsibility for your actions , " said Sandy Baumgartner , according to the Edmonton Police Service . "  Please Travis , I love you , and I 'm pleading with you with all of my heart , to end this without further bloodshed . As your mother , I promise to you now , that I will be there by your side to support you . " Canadian police prepare murder warrants against man sought in Alberta shooting	The arrest ends a 36-hour manhunt Travis Baumgartner , 21 , is captured while attempting to cross into the United States He will be brought back to Edmonton , Canada Baumgartner is suspected of killing three people during a robbery attempt at the University of Alberta
VERACRUZ , Mexico  CNN  -- The dead always tell a story . And in Mexico that story is the fight for the right to meet U.S. demand for illegal drugs -- a war becoming more violent and ruthless , mostly because of one group . Suspected members of Los Zetas drug cartel are presented to reporters in Mexico City in April . Its name is Los Zetas . Imagine a band of U.S. Green Berets going rogue and offering their services and firepower to drug cartels . That 's what happened in Mexico in the 1990s . Commandos from the Mexican army deserted and set up a cartel , known as Los Zetas . The U.S. government says Los Zetas is "  the most technologically advanced , sophisticated and dangerous cartel operating in Mexico . " Los Zetas are blamed for last week 's brutal killings of the police chief in the southern Mexican city of Veracruz , his wife and four children . The way in which the killers carried out their crime sent a message . At 5 a.m. on July 29 , two cars pulled up in front of the police chief 's house , and eight or nine gunmen got out , armed with assault rifles and 40 mm grenade launchers . They blasted their way into the house , and it took them less than five minutes to execute Jesus Antonio Romero , his wife , also a police officer , and their son . The gunmen then set the house on fire , killing the remaining three children , all girls . Watch scenes of the escalating drug war in Veracruz " With their fierce weaponry and military expertise , Los Zetas are considered the most formidable enemy in the drug war . "  The Zetas have obviously assumed the role of being the No. 1 organization responsible for the majority of the homicides , the narcotic-related homicides , the beheadings , the kidnappings , the extortions that take place in Mexico , " said Ralph Reyes , the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency 's chief for Mexico and Central America . The fight against Los Zetas will take years , Reyes said . "  They continue to train new recruits through several campaigns . One of them is the very open and public narco banners that they post around the country of Mexico , specifically tailored to the military and -LSB- saying -RSB- that they will offer better pay and better benefits if they join the ranks of the Zetas , " Reyes said from his Washington office , where he directs the U.S. battle against Los Zetas . With its mastery of combat , Reyes said , the organized crime network operates more like a U.S. infantry company patrolling the streets of Falluja , Iraq , than a street gang . Newspapers in Veracruz have headlines almost every day about drug cartels ' bloody violence , more often than not linked to Los Zetas . The DEA said that although the group originally was based on military lines , the cartel has been built into a business structure , with quarterly meetings , business ledgers , even votes on key assassinations . And now Los Zetas are taxing businesses beyond their drug reach -- from human trafficking across the U.S. border to , as one recent scandal showed , imposing a kind of tax on the Mexican government . The state oil company has been bleeding billions to corrupt officials linked to Los Zetas . And , as a DEA agent recently said , the American border makes no difference to Los Zetas . It does n't matter if violence is perpetrated on the Mexican or U.S. side of the border . Inside the United States , one of the instruments of assassination Los Zetas unleashed was teenager Rosalio Reta . Given six months of military training in Mexico , he was sent across the border to target rival drug gangs . He was 13 years old when he committed his first killing . "  I loved doing it , " Reta says in a police interrogation tape . "  Killing that first person , I loved it . I thought I was Superman . " U.S. officials have said there are many more like him .	U.S. labels Los Zetas as Mexico 's most "  sophisticated and dangerous cartel " Los Zetas cartel formed by commandos who deserted from Mexican army in '90s Los Zetas blamed for last week 's brutal killings of police chief and family American border makes no difference to Los Zetas , DEA agent says
CNN  -- Hackers using a server in China stole the blueprints for the new headquarters of Australia 's main spy agency "  some time ago , " an opposition senator said Wednesday , contradicting comments by the country 's prime minister . The controversy stems from a TV report this week alleging that a cyberattack swiped the blueprints to the new headquarters of the ASIO , Australia 's top intelligence organization , including details on the building 's security and communications systems , its floor plan and the locations of its servers . "  These events did take place some time ago ; they were dealt with by ASIO , " said George Brandis , the deputy leader of the opposition in the Senate who is responsible for national security issues . "  I 'm reassured by the director general about the way in which they were dealt with by ASIO . " He was speaking in an interview with CNN affiliate Sky News Australia following a private briefing with David Irvine , the director-general of the spy agency . Prime Minister Julia Gillard on Tuesday described the report , by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation 's investigative program Four Corners , as "  inaccurate . " The program also reported that hackers , thought to be from China , had breached government agencies including the prime minister 's office and cabinet , as well as the departments of foreign affairs and defense . "  There were a number of unsubstantiated allegations of hacking in the Four Corners report as the attorney general has stated , " Gillard said in parliament . "  Neither he or the director general of ASIO intend to comment further on these inaccurate reports . " But Brandis disputed Gillard 's statement . "  The prime minister in question time yesterday just dismissed the report entirely as being inaccurate , and that claim by the prime minister is false , " he said . Gillard 's office did n't immediately respond to a request for comment on Brandis 's remarks . Brandis 's office did n't immediately make him available for further comment on the matter . Australia the ` lucky country ' for a better life : survey At a foreign ministry news conference Tuesday , a Chinese government official called the report a "  baseless accusation . " "  Since the attacks are technically untraceable , it 's difficult to find the origin of these attacks , " said foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei . "  I do n't know where does the evidence come from for media to make such reports . " Hong added that cybersecurity is an issue internationally and it calls for a "  calm and thorough discussion . " "  Making baseless accusation will not help to improve the current situation , " he said . Earlier this month , the United States accused China of trying to extract sensitive information from U.S. government computers . A Pentagon report said China was carrying out the attacks in an effort to extract information from "  diplomatic , economic and defense industrial base sectors that support U.S. national defense programs . " At the time , the Chinese Foreign Ministry said China was "  firmly against any forms of cyberattacks . " Beijing has in the past insisted that China is the victim of cyberattacks , most originating in the United States . Watch where you click : International cyber attacks on the rise CNN 's Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	An opposition senator says the cyber theft of spy agency blueprints happened He says the prime minster was wrong to dismiss a TV report on the attack China has called the TV report a "  baseless accusation " The program alleged that other top Australian government agencies were hacked
CNN  -- Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim came out of hiding Monday , and says he has damaging evidence that proves senior members of the government faked evidence for sodomy charges against him . Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim says he has proof sodomy charges against him were fabricated . "  I have new evidence about the fabrication of evidence against me in 1998 , " Anwar told CNN Monday . "  I totally reject these malicious attacks . " Anwar was the heir apparent to former premier Mahathir Mohamad until 1998 , when he was sacked and charged for corruption and sodomy . The sodomy conviction was overturned , but the corruption verdict was never lifted , barring him from running for political post until this year . In the CNN interview , Anwar rejected the sodomy charges and also said he had evidence of threats on his life that caused him to go into hiding at the Turkish embassy in Kuala Lumpur . Listen to Anwar Ibrahim defend himself " CNN could not immediately reach members of Malaysia 's ruling party . The ruling party , National Front Coalition , has led Malaysia since the country declared independence in 1957 . Anwar 's opposition party has gradually chipped away at the National Front 's power . Recently Malaysian police have said they are investigating a new sodomy charge against him , Anwar said . The new charges were also false and were fabricated to usurp his political gains , Anwar said . "  I will challenge these attacks on every ground , " Anwar said .	Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim came out of hiding Monday Says he can prove government members faked evidence for sodomy charges Anwar also says he has evidence of threats against his life
NASHVILLE , Tennessee  CNN  -- The accused came from all walks of life : Retirees , dads and twentysomethings . An engineer , a business owner and an auto worker . A man in a wheelchair . Men in need of Spanish or Farsi translators . Brett Beasley , with Nashville 's Health Department , educates men arrested for trying to buy sex about STDs . About 40 men somberly entered a classroom on a recent Saturday morning . About half of them wore shiny wedding bands . All had tried to buy a prostitute 's services and were caught by police . It was their first offense , and a county court referred them to a one-day program called the John School . It 's a program run by volunteers and city officials in conjunction with Magdalene House , a nonprofit that works to get prostitutes off the streets . "  Prostitution does n't discriminate , " said Kenny Baker , a cognitive behavioral therapist who is the program 's director . "  Most of these men do n't have a prior criminal history , so our goal is to help these folks understand why they put themselves in a bad position , to prevent it from happening again . " Set in a church in Nashville , Tennessee , the John School is led by former prostitutes , health experts , psychologists and law enforcement officers who talk to -- and at times berate -- the men about the risks of hiring a prostitute . Prostitution is based on the law of supply and demand . The thinking is : Women wo n't stop selling sex until men stop buying . So Nashville and a growing number of cities are shifting their focus from locking up suppliers to educating buyers . Across the country , about 50 communities are using John Schools . Atlanta , Georgia , and Baltimore , Maryland , are among dozens more cities that plan to launch similar programs by the end of the year . See where the John Schools are " "  It will make them -LSB- offenders -RSB- see that this is not a victimless crime , and they are contributing to the exploitation of women , " said Stephanie Davis , policy adviser on women 's issues at the mayor 's office in Atlanta . "  It 's hurting them , the man , and it 's hurting their families and its hurting the community . " No comprehensive effort has been made to track the numbers , but experts estimate 1 million to 2 million prostitutes work in the United States . The FBI 's 2007 Uniform Crime Report lists about 78,000 arrests for prostitution and commercialized vice , but experts say those numbers are extremely conservative because many sex workers and johns are n't caught . Experts add that easy accessibility to prostitutes and pornography on the Internet are feeding the problem . In most communities , prostitution has been a one-sided battle focused on the women who offer sex . Their customers , when they are arrested , are usually cited for a misdemeanor and fined . By comparison , prostitutes are often charged with more severe sentences and jailed for months , depending on the offense . But in Nashville , the johns ' faces are shown on a police Web site . For decades , Nashville battled prostitution by arresting women on the streets and through stings . Still , the problem persisted , irritating business owners and residents . In the early 1990s , Nashville 's mayor helped launch the John School with the help of the Magdalene House , public defenders , prosecutors and police officers . Nashville became one of the first major cities in the U.S. to focus on the customers , predominantly men . Only first-time offenders who solicit an adult are eligible for John School . Johns who pick up minors are not eligible and face much tougher sentences . "  If you get caught again and you get me , I will guarantee to put you in jail , " warned Antoinette Welch , a local prosecutor , in speaking to the men in the class . "  I 've had men cry to me that they will lose their jobs or their wives , but you 're all grown up and you make your own decisions . " The men listened carefully as Welch talked about their records ; many had not yet told their wives or significant others about their arrest . If the john pleads guilty , pays a $ 250 fee and completes the course without re-offending , the charge can be dismissed after a year . The money paid by the john goes to Magdalene House ; the program does n't cost taxpayers any money . John School models in other communities may differ . A woman who called herself Alexis , a 35-year-old former prostitute with dark hair and bright blue eyes , spoke to the men as the class came to an end . Four years ago , she left the streets and now works at a factory . By the age of 10 , Alexis had learned to barter with sex with her stepfather . In her 20s , she found herself hooked on drugs and selling her body . She was arrested more than 80 times . She was hospitalized after someone shot her on the job . As she told her story , the men were silent . A few blushed , while others stared at the floor . "  These gentlemen are no different than I was on the streets , " she said . "  I think everyone has to look at the void they are trying to fill . " One john , a father of two with salt-and-pepper hair , found himself near tears after Alexis spoke . In July , he tried to pick up a prostitute through Craigslist . He said he was depressed and having problems with his wife . "  I 'm so embarrassed , " he said . "  These girls are somebody 's daughters . I have a daughter . " Some evidence suggests that John Schools are working . A study released in 2008 by Abt Associates Inc. for the federal government looked at the John School program in San Francisco , California . It 's one of the largest programs in the country ; more than 7,000 johns have attended since 1995 . According to the study , the re-arrest rate fell sharply after the school was launched , and stayed more than 30 percent lower for 10 years afterward . But critics call John School a slap on the wrist . On Saturday , one john abandoned the classroom . Carol Leigh , a member of the Sex Workers Outreach Project , a group that promotes decriminalizing prostitution in California , said she does n't believe the program is an effective deterrent . "  John School does n't do that much , " said Leigh , who has worked as a prostitute . "  The reality is they are n't spending that much time on the johns and they will just go to other venues . This also does n't target the violent offenders who are the real problem . " Melissa Farley , head of the nonprofit group Prostitution Research and Education in San Fransisco , believes johns deserve stronger punishment like longer prison sentences . A recent study by the Chicago Alliance Against Sexual Exploitation conducted among johns in Chicago , Illinois , found that 41 percent of them said John School would deter them from buying sex , compared with 92 percent who said being placed on a sex offender registry would scare them from re-offending . Nashville officials said they have n't tracked recidivism rates in their city , but the school 's program director said it 's probably deterring a third of the offenders in each class . At least one college educated , 47-year-old john 's attitude appeared to change on a recent Saturday . After class he wrote , "  There is no good part . I would rather be with my wife . This was quick but it was n't worth it . "	Experts say about 1 million to 2 million prostitutes work in the United States About 50 communities have programs that focus on deterring johns Nashville 's program includes a speech from a former prostitute The Internet is making it easier for people to buy prostitutes , experts say
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration has selected 43 more technology specialists as Presidential Innovation Fellows to help the government devise new ways to operate better and save money , President Barack Obama announced Monday . The new fellows follow an initial group of 18 chosen last year who came up with ways to digitize disaster recovery efforts , make more government data available to the public for free , and eliminate duplication while speeding up the adoption of new technology by government agencies , Obama told a White House event attended by most of his Cabinet . Citing what he called a 21st century government still mired in some ways in 20th century technology , the president also challenged his Cabinet to develop aggressive management strategies to upgrade systems and operations . "  We 've found ways to deliver the services that citizens expect in smarter , faster and better ways , " Obama said of first term successes , citing improved methods of processing disaster claims through mobile apps and saving $ 2.5 billion by eliminating duplication and waste when upgrading government technology . " "  It makes sense for us to be able to redesign government so it can deliver on the functions the American people are looking for , " he said . For example , he mentioned one idea "  in the pipeline " that would allow people filing for federal benefits to track the status of their application "  just like you can follow the location of a package all the way to your doorstep . " Obama said Sylvia Matthews Burwell , director of the Office of Management and Budget , would oversee the effort , which he said would extend to the general public to become more involved in helping improve government . "  In this democracy , we the people recognize that this government belongs to us , and it 's up to each of us and every one of us to make it work better , " he said . "  We ca n't just stand on the sidelines . We ca n't take comfort in just being cynical . We all have a stake in government success because the government is us . " CNN 's Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .	President Obama announces 43 new innovation fellows to improve government efficiency White House budget director will oversee the effort Obama also calls on his Cabinet to come up with better technology management strategies One idea would track federal benefit applicants like a package being delivered
CNN  -- Between the presidential candidates and congressional races , at least $ 4.2 billion may have been spent on an election that ultimately ended up preserving the status quo in Washington . Voters elected the same president and the same political parties -- the Republicans in the House and the Democrats in the Senate -- will run Congress . Did all that record spending really matter ? At the presidential level , maybe not so much . Partial totals of what was spent so far show that between the candidate , his party and well-heeled outside groups , the "  Red Team " spent more money on the effort to elect Republican Mitt Romney than the "  Blue Team " did to re-elect President Barack Obama , according to an analysis by the Center for Responsive Politics , a nonpartisan group that monitors the influence of money on politics . Combined , the candidate , the national party , and outside spending groups , like conservative issue-oriented nonprofits and super PACs , had spent more than $ 1 billion on Romney 's effort . The liberal version of that combination of groups spent about $ 96 million less on the Obama re-election . That number will change once the final accounting is completed . There was a ton of last-minute spending on attack ads and get-out-the-vote efforts . However , the Obama campaign raised almost twice as much as the Romney camp . Business group blows $ 29 million on election losers "  I 'd be surprised if he left anything in the bank , " said Bill Allison , editorial director at the Sunlight Foundation , a nonpartisan nonprofit that advocates for greater government transparency . No matter who spent more , Allison worries that the amount of money involved in this election will dramatically change politics . "  I think the most worrisome thing is that this is the first billion dollar-plus presidential campaign , so what this means is this amount will become the benchmark , " Allison said . "  If you want to be a serious contender in the future , you will have to have those kind of resources and it gives an outsized role then to the outside groups who are able to raise unlimited funds . " Difference seen in congressional races Allison believes money may have made the most difference in congressional races . It seemed to have played a particularly big role when interests outside of a candidate 's state got involved . The Center for Responsive Politics estimates that outside groups spent some $ 1.3 billion and counting on the election . In 2008 , they only spent $ 262.7 million . The difference this time was mainly due to a landmark court ruling two years ago that effectively permitted a sharp increase in outside spending , especially by corporations and unions . "  At the presidential level , candidates are able to raise enough money to get their message out and drive their own narrative , " Allison said . "  Down the ballot though , where you 've got outside groups dumping $ 500,000 into a race and the opposition does n't have the cash on hand to compete , that could make a real difference . " In a CNN analysis of spending in a dozen key Senate races , most of the candidates who won spent the most money . One Senate race that saw record amounts of outside money was in Wisconsin . Senator Herb Kohl , a Democrat who had held his seat since 1989 , decided to retire this year . Both candidates who ran for his seat had strong name recognition in Wisconsin . American Crossroads defends campaign spending to donors Democrat Tammy Baldwin served seven terms in the U.S. House . She is well known nationally as the first publicly-out lesbian to be elected to federal office . Her Republican opponent , Tommy Thompson , was a popular Wisconsin governor before becoming Health Secretary in the administration of George W. Bush . After winning a bruising Republican primary , Thompson was seen as an early favorite -- partly because Wisconsin has recently leaned much more ` red . ' In August , Thompson had a nine-point lead in the polls , but Baldwin had fully turned the tables by the end of September . Thompson rallied and by Election Day , the race was too close to call . The primary had left Thompson cash poor while Baldwin was able to outpace him in fundraising . She spent virtually all of it -- $ 11.6 million -- as of the October reporting deadline . Thompson raised $ 7.36 million and spent $ 6.04 million , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . Outside groups , super PACs spent more Outside groups spent even more on the race than did the campaigns . Super PACs and special interest groups spent some $ 18.9 million on efforts opposing Thompson and only $ 2.6 million in support of him . The groups spent $ 15.5 million against Baldwin , $ 1.2 million for her . The biggest outside group that tried to hurt Baldwin 's chances created a slew of negative ads . In them , Republican operative Karl Rove 's group , Crossroads GPS , called Baldwin a "  rubber stamp " for the president , who was "  too extreme " for the state . Crossroads GPS spent more than $ 6 million on this race , but lost . "  You have to keep in mind though candidates do n't win elections just because they spend more , " Allison said . "  A win is also based on how effectively a candidate spends their money and on just how effective a campaigner the candidate is . " Analysis : It 's never too early to talk about 2016 In the Senate race in Indiana , for instance , Republican Richard Mourdock outspent Democratic opponent Joe Donnelley by about $ 7 million . But Mourdock lost . Mourdock ran a strong race , but took a hit in the polls when , at a debate , he made a controversial remark about rape and abortion . In Wisconsin , Thompson 's campaign also hit a few bumps along the way . A low point may have been when Thompson 's son told an audience , "  We have the opportunity to send President Obama back to Chicago , or Kenya . " He later apologized for the remarks . While the race remained tight throughout election night , Baldwin defeated Thompson 51 % to 46 % . Baldwin will become the first female Senator to represent Wisconsin and the nation 's first openly gay person to win a Senate seat . "  I did n't run to make history , " Baldwin said in her acceptance speech . "  I ran to make a difference . " It looks like the money she spent on the race may have made a difference , too .	At least $ 4.2 billion spent in 2012 election Analysis shows in House , Senate races , those who spent most won Obama campaign rasied almost twice as much as Romney camp
CNN  -- "  If power plants , waste handling , chemical plants and transport systems were located in wealthy areas as quickly and easily as in poor areas , we would have had a clean , green economy decades ago . " -- Majora Carter , Powershift 2007 It was while walking her dog that Carter stumbled upon the disused stretch of waterfront that inspired her to act Majora Carter grew up in the South Bronx at a time when America 's cities were emptying into the suburbs . Many of the buildings in her neighborhood were abandoned by the time she was ten years old . Landlords were burning their buildings to collect the insurance ; light manufacturing industries were moving out of the Bronx ; and waste facilities were moving in to take their place . As pollution rose , asthma rates , poor health and unemployment soared . To outsiders , those who were left were branded with the stamp of the ghetto : as Carter says , "  If you lived here you were no doubt a pimp , a pusher , or a prostitute . " As a child , Carter spent much of her time planning her escape . "  Education was my way out , " she reveals . She studied cinema studies and film production at Wesley University then signed up for graduate school at New York University . To save money , she moved home to her parents . Of that time , she says , "  It felt like a defeat but it was also the best thing in the world to happen to me because I got reacquainted with my community . " Carter saw that her neighborhood -- under-served , ignored and literally dumped on -- needed to fight a positive campaign to assert itself as a vibrant community . "  People wanted things like clean air , they wanted safe places for their kids to play where they would n't get hit by a truck , " she tells CNN . "  They wanted living wage jobs that did n't degrade the environment or kill them . " She fought a vociferous campaign against a planned waste facility that would have seen 40 percent of New York 's municipal waste coming to the South Bronx . "  We were already handling 40 percent of the city 's commercial waste here , " she says . In 2001 , after the defeat of the scheme , Carter founded the non-profit environmental justice solutions corporation , Sustainable South Bronx . Its central tenet is that people should n't have to move out of their neighborhoods to live in a better one . While walking her dog one day , Carter stumbled upon a disused stretch of waterfront . That inspired her to write a tenacious $ 1.25 million Federal Transportation planning grant for the South Bronx Greenway . The 11-mile-long stretch is the first new South Bronx waterfront park in over 60 years and provides alternative transport , recreational space , jobs and environmental enhancements to the local community . In 2003 , Sustainable South Bronx started an urban green-collar training scheme . Many of the course 's graduates were formerly incarcerated ; all were receiving some form of public handout . The scheme now boasts an 85 percent employment rate , in areas like urban forestry , brown-field clean-up , green roof installation and maintenance . Ultimately , Carter would like to see her organization "  worked out of a job . " She believes that , with the right partnerships , the South Bronx could be transformed into the thriving neighborhood her parents once knew . Carter has now handed the day-to-day management of Sustainable South Bronx to her colleagues , allowing her to spread her messages of environmental justice and regeneration through green industry to others . "  We 've got to decide that we want to live in a world that is sane and happy and healthy , and that everyone deserves that , " she says .	Carter , who grew up in the Bronx , set up Sustainable South Bronx in 2001 She wrote a $ 1.25 M Federal Transportation planning grant for the South Bronx The 11-mile-long stretch is the first South Bronx waterfront park in 60 years Carter wants to see the South Bronx become a thriving community again
Tokyo  CNN  -- Was it a game of ding-dong ditch , or just a misunderstanding ? A U.S. sailor stands accused of ringing doorbells in the middle of the night and breaking into a 72-year-old woman 's property while drunk , say police in Yokosuka , Japan . Authorities arrested Manuel Silva , 20 , early Monday on the elderly woman 's property in the city , located south of Tokyo . The arrested sailor is assigned to the aircraft carrier USS George Washington , the Navy said . A Navy spokesman said he was n't allowed to identify the sailor by name . Being off-base without permission could put Silva in breach of a standing curfew for all U.S. military service members in Japan . U.S. officials imposed the curfew in response to widespread outrage over rape accusations in October against U.S. sailors on the Japanese island of Okinawa . The incident started after police received several late night emergency calls . Somebody in the neighborhood where Silva was found was ringing doorbells and running away before the doors were answered . Police say they later discovered Silva on the elderly woman 's property . The Navy said it is "  currently reviewing the incident to determine if there was a violation " of regulations for U.S. service members serving in Japan . Silva was being held at a Yokosuka police station until his scheduled transfer Tuesday to a local prosecutor 's office . "  The U.S. Navy takes this incident seriously , " said USS George Washington spokesman Derrick Ingle . He said the Navy is "  fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation . " For decades , crimes committed by U.S. troops stationed in Japan have contributed to a bumpy relationship between the Japanese people and the U.S. military . In November , a U.S. airman was accused of breaking into a family 's home on Okinawa and assaulting a teenage boy before jumping off a third-floor balcony . Relations between the Japanese and the U.S. military also suffered in 1995 when a U.S. sailor and two U.S. Marines were convicted of raping a 12-year-old girl . Tens of thousands of Okinawans took to the streets at the time demanding that the United States leave the island . CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	NEW : The Navy is investigating the arrest of a sailor assigned to an aircraft carrier Residents of Yokosuka , Japan , called police complaining of doorbells being rung late at night Police allegedly found the sailor on the property of a 72-year-old woman The sailor apparently violated a standing U.S. military curfew imposed in October
CNN -- Spanish champions Barcelona have announced that striker Thierry Henry and midfielder Yaya Toure will leave the club before the new season . France international Henry scored four goals in 15 starts last season for the Champions League semifinalists , as he fell down the pecking order following the arrival of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and , last month , Spain star David Villa . The 32-year-old recently returned from the World Cup in South Africa after France failed to win a single game and make it past the group stage of the tournament . "  Right now , he needs to take a step forward . This implies that this coming season , Barca will not have to pay his salary , " Barcelona director general Joan Oliver said of Henry , who has a year left on his contract . A World Cup winner in 1998 and a losing finalist four years ago , this year he played a minor role as a substitute as his career continued the decline that began with his departure from English club Arsenal three years ago . While contributing to Barcelona 's unprecedented treble in 2008-09 , capped by a Champions League title , he struggled with injury at times and was even usurped by younger players at the Nou Camp such as winger Pedro . Toure has also been told he can leave the club , with English side Manchester City reportedly favorites to reunite the 27-year-old with his brother and Ivory Coast international teammate Kolo . "  Barcelona director general Joan Oliver has said that the club has agreed the exits of Yaya Toure and Thierry Henry , " a statement on the club 's website said on Tuesday . "  But at the moment the final moves are in their hands . In case of Toure , Oliver has recognized an understanding between the club interested in the midfielder , Manchester City , and Barca , but the transfer can not be made official yet . " Henry has been strongly linked with a move to American Major League Soccer team New York Red Bulls in the past . He is a big basketball fan and is often seen with close friend Tony Parker of NBA side San Antonio Spurs when visiting the U.S. . In 2001 , Henry flew out to Philadelphia to help cover the NBA finals for a French television channel .	France international Thierry Henry has been told he can leave Barcelona this summer The 32-year-old has been strongly linked with a move to MLS side New York Red Bulls Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure is also expected to leave the Spanish side The 27-year-old is set to join his brother Kolo at English club Manchester City
GAZA CITY , Gaza  CNN  -- A truce between Israel and Gaza 's Hamas leaders will take effect Thursday and last for six months , Hamas officials said Tuesday . Palestinian Hamas security men stand to attention at a training academy in Gaza City last week . Israeli officials , however , stopped short of confirming that a cease-fire agreement has been reached . "  It 's still early to announce an agreement of calm , " Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said in a statement . "  When it starts , if it starts , it 's hard to say how long it will last . The test will be how it 's implemented . " Hamas senior official Mahmoud Zahar and Hamas negotiator Khalil al-Hayya announced the Egyptian-brokered agreement at a news conference in Gaza . They said it will begin at 6 a.m. Thursday  11 p.m. Wednesday ET  . On Sunday , Israel gradually will start to open its border crossing terminals , the Hamas officials said . Asked about initial reports of a cease-fire , one Israeli official would not confirm whether an agreement had been finalized but said any truce would involve a sequential process . Watch what truce may mean in Gaza " The official said Israel would reopen some of its terminals along the Gaza border after calm had been established . He said Israel is still calling for the release of Cpl. Gilad Shalit as part of a broader cease-fire . Gaza militants kidnapped Shalit in June 2006 . Egypt has been trying to broker a truce between Hamas and Israel for months . Militants in Hamas-controlled Gaza have pummeled Israel with thousands of rocket and mortar attacks , prompting Israeli military operations in the Palestinian territory . Referring to the Egyptian mediation efforts , Barak said , "  It 's important to exhaust the possibility . "  The IDF -LSB- Israel Defense Forces -RSB- is prepared for any developments , but it is important to attempt to achieve a period of calm to bring back the peace and quiet for the -LSB- Israeli -RSB- people who live around Gaza in Sderot and Ashkelon and to try and renew negotiations for the release of Gilad Shalit . " Militants in Gaza have launched more than 2,300 mortars and rockets since the start of 2008 , more than the 2,000 launched in all of last year , according to Israeli military figures . While most of the attacks do not result in casualties , three Israelis have been killed in rocket and mortar strikes in recent weeks . The Israeli military responds to the attacks by carrying out airstrikes and ground operations in Gaza that target militants , but many times lead to civilian casualties -- further inflaming the Palestinian leadership . Israel also has restricted supplies of gasoline , diesel and electricity to Gaza , limited the amount of food and other goods entering the strip and made it virtually impossible for manufacturers and farmers in Gaza to export anything to the outside world . Hamas seized control of Gaza last year after routing Palestinian security agencies under the control of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and his Fatah movement . The ouster forced Abbas to dissolve the Fatah-Hamas unity government , but Fatah still controls the West Bank . Representatives from the rival factions met recently in Senegal for talks aimed at restoring the political and territorial split . Earlier this month , Abbas called for "  national unity " talks with Hamas with the goal of producing new elections for the Palestinians , who elected a Hamas-led Palestinian Authority government in a U.S.-backed vote in 2006 . Meanwhile , Abbas ' Western-backed government is working toward a peace agreement with Israel . The Bush administration has said it wants the two sides to reach an agreement by the end of the year . CNN 's Shira Medding contributed to this report .	NEW : Hard to say how long any cease-fire will last , Israeli defense minister says Israel has not confirmed cease-fire pact Israel will begin to open Gaza border crossings Sunday , Hamas says Hamas took control of Gaza a year ago
CNN  -- When members of the U.S. women 's hockey team received their silver medals this week , they looked as if millstones were being slung around their necks . Improbably tied by the Canadians in the final minute of the medal game , then destroyed by a sudden death goal in overtime , they were understandably upset . Ditto for the men as Canada 's puck handlers hounded them all over the ice , and left the U.S. players gasping as their hopes for hockey gold skated away , defeated 1-0 . Through the long history of the Olympics , no country has won more medals than the United States . Not even close . So one might think , amid all that bounty , the U.S. would take a loss or two in stride . But in many ways , as a culture , Americans often act as if second place -- or third -- is somehow like being tagged with a scarlet letter "  L " for loser . I like winning as much as the next soul , but treating anything except ultimate victory as passÃ © or a cause for shame is a mistake . First , every competitor from every nation at the Olympics has already joined extraordinarily elite company . There are about 2,850 athletes at the Winter Games in Sochi , Russia . Compared with the world 's population of more than 7 billion , that makes each not a 1-in-a-million personality , but roughly 1-in-2 .5 - million . Yes , some are certainly great athletes . And while the rest may come across as adequate amateurs , they are almost all rare , elite individuals with astonishing skills -- even when they finish near the bottom of the rankings . Breaking through ? Nearly impossible . True , 294 medals will be awarded before the Games are done , but with so many nations competing , that means for each medal winner more than nine other athletes will go home with nothing but photos and memories . The second reason we should cheer louder and longer than we do for those who finish out of the medals ? Because their efforts are often no less heroic , and no less demanding than those who triumph . They may finish in the back because they struggled with injury , against personal adversity , or amid the tiny genetic imperfections that can make the difference between a champion and a contender . In the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , my friend American marathoner Meb Keflezighi wanted to win . He had taken the silver medal in Athens in 2004 , becoming the first American in more than 30 years to make it to the marathon podium , and he was intent on repeating . Through the winding streets , and over the torturous cobblestones , he ran to win so hard that he had to crawl around his hotel room the next day , unable to even stand on his battered feet . He was taken to his airplane in a wheelchair . He finished fourth , yet every runner who watched will attest that Meb 's race was brave and brilliant . Which brings us to the third reason for everyone to feel better about all who compete : This is where greatness comes from . As much as athletes appear to spring fully formed upon the planet during events like the Olympics , almost without exception they have toiled in anonymity for years . While the rest of us have slept in , they have risen before dawn to face the darkness and cold , bending their muscles and bones to compete . While the rest of us have commuted home to complain about our jobs , they have rushed from work to train again far into the night . And for all that , even the best have lost over and over and over again . Losing is what teaches you how to get better . Losing shows you what you 're doing wrong . Losing is where winning begins . Maybe I have a natural affinity for the "  also ran " crowd . I used to win races when I was a kid , but now even though I train thousands of miles , and run marathons and 50 mile ultra-races , age makes it unlikely I 'll ever win anything again . But in the middle of the pack I still feel the great struggle of all of those around me ; I see people wrestling with the conflicts of their lives , the pain of effort , the clock , and the relentless miles . This is the greatness of sport . And I see it in all the Olympians . A medal around your neck is a spectacular thing , and those who win one ought to be lauded as the best . But we should all run to catch up to the "  also rans " too , if only for a moment to pat them on the back . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Foreman .	Tom Foreman offers three reasons we should cheer louder and longer than we do for losers At the Olympic level , says Foreman , just making it there should be admired Foreman : Losing teaches you how to get better ; it 's where winning begins
CNN  -- A California woman who police say planted two bottles of tainted orange juice at a San Jose Starbucks has been charged with attempted murder , a police spokesman said Tuesday . Ramineh Behbehanian , 50 , is accused of adding rubbing alcohol to the contents of the bottles and then placing them into a refrigerated display case , Police Sgt. Jason Dwyer told reporters . "  According to our San Jose firefighters that were on scene and the fire captain there -- they really are the experts there -- it was a lethal dose , " he said . Behbehanian was arrested Monday after a customer spotted her allegedly pulling out two bottles of orange juice from a bag and putting them in the display case , he said . The customer reported it to employees , according to police . The customer also got a license plate number , and investigators later traced the plate to Behbehanian 's residence , Starbucks spokesman Zack Hutson said . The employees immediately pulled the bottles of orange juice from the display case , and the store was evacuated until firefighters could determine the contents of the bottles , Hutson said . The store employees pulled all the remaining juices from the cold case and destroyed them , he said . Nearby Starbucks stores were also notified of the incident and told to check the juice bottles . Hutson said the coffee chain was "  immensely grateful " to the customer who alerted employees to the tainted juice bottles . Dwyer would not comment on the evidence in the case nor a possible motive , saying authorities were "  still very much in investigative mode . " He did say the bottles were opened rather than injected by a syringe . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : A customer spotted the suspect switching out the bottles , Starbucks says Ramineh Behbehanian , 50 , has been charged with attempted murder , police say She is accused of tainting two bottles of orange juice with rubbing alcohol "  It was a lethal dose , " a police spokesman says
CNN  -- The shadow match fixing casts over football grew a shade darker Thursday after Britain 's National Crime Agency confirmed seven arrests had been made as part of an ongoing investigation . Two men suspected of involvement have been charged with conspiracy to defraud bookmakers by influencing the course of football matches and placing bets thereon , the NCA said Thursday . Five of the seven arrested have made bail , the agency said . The arrests were made across Britain Tuesday and Wednesday as part of a probe into a "  suspected international illegal betting syndicate , " said the NCA -- Britain 's equivalent of U.S. law enforcement agency the Federal Bureau of Investigation . The NCA , which became operational in October , is working closely with the Gambling Commission and the Football Association , the organization which oversees English football . "  This is an active investigation and we are unable to provide further detail at this time . " The Gambling Commission , which regulates most gambling in Britain , is cooperating with the NCA in the investigation . "  The Gambling Commission has provided advice , intelligence and expertise in supporting this ongoing National Crime Agency investigation and continues to liaise with both the NCA and the Football Association , " the body said in a statement . An investigation by British newspaper The Daily Telegraph claimed Asian match-fixers are targeting games in English professional football 's lower levels . In a series of covert conversations recorded by the newspaper over the past two weeks , one of the arrested individuals claimed that lower league matches could be fixed for Â # 50,000  $ 81,500  and correctly forecast the outcome of three games played by the same team . The Football League , which runs the lower leagues of English professional soccer , said it was aware of media reports but it had not been contacted by the NCA . "  We understand from media reports that there is an ongoing police investigation into alleged match fixing in domestic football , " said Football League chief executive Shaun Harvey . "  To date , we have had no contact from the police regarding this matter . "  The threat of corruption is a matter that the Football League and the other football authorities treat with the utmost seriousness . The integrity of our matches and our competitions is the bedrock of the domestic game . " Match fixing has plagued world soccer in recent years . Senior European crime fighters Europol announced in February it had probed 680 suspicious matches across the globe including two European Champions League matches , one of which was played in England . In Australia , four British players who spent part of last season with clubs in the Conference South have been arrested and charged for alleged match fixing in the Victoria Premier League this year . They have been suspended by FIFA and are due in court later this month .	Seven people are arrested in the United Kingdom over football match-fixing charges The National Crime Agency confirms five of the seven arrested have been bailed out The Daily Telegraph newspaper releases series of secretly recorded meetings Fixer allegedly claimed lower league matches could be rigged for $ 81,500
CNN  -- Take one part Shakespeare 's "  Hamlet , " two parts Machiavelli 's "  The Prince " and an even larger measure of guesswork and North Korea 's latest political drama could seem like a Cold War thriller . For North Korea watchers , the all too real political theater playing out in Pyongyang may offer another tantalizing glimpse behind the opaque curtain of the North Korean regime , but raises more questions than answers . Depending on how you read the signs , the execution of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's uncle and formerly trusted regent , Jang Song Thaek , either shows a young leader further cementing his control , or the first death throes of a regime teetering on collapse . In the absence of any independently verifiable information , and in a regime where paranoid rhetoric is the normal register of almost all diplomatic language , any conjecture is likely to be as accurate as it is to be wide of the mark . North Korea : Leader 's ` traitor ' uncle executed For Jasper Kim , the founder of the Asia-Pacific Global Research Group , North Korea remains for analysts a "  Rubik 's Cube that no one can solve . " He said North Korea is a master at carefully choreographing the way it releases news events to cloak its real intentions . Nevertheless , he said a careful reading between the lines of North Korean new agency KCNA sometimes reveals glimpses of the state of the regime . He said that far from asserting the leadership of Kim , recent events suggest that his position has been seriously eroded by the execution of his uncle . "  My guess is that these events happened some time ago and they are only now being released , " Kim told CNN . "  The fact is that we do n't know what 's going on in North Korea but what we are seeing coming through on KCNA is very concerning . "  When you look at the language used in these KCNA reports it is particularly hawkish and it 's much more reflective of the military than it is of Kim Jong Un . "  Basically we are seeing the hardline faction reassert itself . For Kim Jong Un , Jang Song Thaek was the bridge between him and his father , and now he will have very little protection . " He said that North Korea , famous for tightly controlling the drip feed of real information coming out of the country , was now sending out violently mixed messages . "  The recent release of the prisoner  Merrill Newman  and this execution could n't be more at odds ; what this indicates is that it 's a chaotic situation in there , " he added . "  What this points to in terms of regime change is that it 's a question of ` when ' rather than ` if . ' "  What history tells us is that when it does happen it will be unexpected and extreme and everyone must be prepared for the worst case scenario . " For Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in Seoul , however , the purge of Jang shows a young leader consolidating his grip on power . "  Some of the reasons are quite obvious and very transparent and many predicted that this was going to happen . What is really surprising is how it happened . Pretty much everybody expected that in the near future a state head would be removed from power , " Lankov told CNN . "  But people did not expect that it would happen in such a dramatic and theatrical manner . " He said that Jang 's removal and execution displayed the deadly manner of generational political change in North Korea . "  Kim Jong Un became the leader of the country after only one year of being a kind of anointed successor . He has had no time to create his own team , so he 's had no choice but to rely on the team from his father and this team consists of people who are in their 60s and 70s and sometimes even older . He said that this politburo consisted of men who could be Kim 's father or even grandfather . "  Imagine how difficult it is to run a country -- especially one with a strong Confucian tradition -- when all your senior advisers are older than you . And these are people who can have very different ideas of goals and strategies . "  It was clear from the first days of his rule that he would remove most of the people around him . Jang was particularly vulnerable exactly because he was initially appointed by late Kim Jong Il to be a regent -- the chief adviser to the young ruler . "  But being a regent is a dangerous job . The king gets older and he feels more and more irritation and to hold more of a grudge against these noisy , strange , grumpy old men . "  For a regent , it 's very good to know when to retire but not everyone is smart enough . " Opinion : How Kim purged his uncle	Execution of Jong Song Thaek reveals glimpse into closed world of the North Korean regime Some analysts say it shows Kim Jong Un consolidating power over a politburo gerontocracy Others say it reveals a regime in meltdown as Kim battles military hardliners within the party
CNN  -- The computers have n't proven to be our trivia overlords just yet . Give them at least until Wednesday . An IBM supercomputer named Watson finished one round of the TV show "  Jeopardy! " on Monday night tied with one of his human competitors and $ 3,000 ahead of the other . The man vs. computer face-off wo n't be complete , however , until the final rounds of the extended trivia game show are aired on Tuesday and Wednesday . IBM trumpets Watson , which has been in development for years and has the processing power of 2,800 "  powerful computers , " as a major advancement in machines ' efforts to understand human language . The computer receives clues through digital texts and then buzzes in against the two other "  Jeopardy! " contestants like any other player would . It juggles dozens of lines of reasoning at once and tries to arrive at a smart answer . After getting off to a scary-good start , Watson did have a few stumbles . In one instance , it repeated an answer that another contestant , Ken Jennings , who won 74 "  Jeopardy! " episodes in a row , had already tried . "  What is 1920s ? " Watson said , sounding like a digitized Matthew Broderick . "  No , " game-show host Alex Trebek replied . "  Ken said that . " On many other clues , however , Watson was spot-on . After losing the first clue to Brad Rutter , another "  Jeopardy! " champion , Watson jumped in on the second question . Clue : "  Iron fitting on the hoof of a horse or a card-dealing box in a casino . " Watson : "  What is shoe ? " Correct . At the start of the show , Trebek went to some lengths to explain the origins of Watson -- IBM approached the show about the idea three years ago -- and how the computer actually works . That 's partly because what you see on the "  Jeopardy! " stage is somewhat misleading . It looks as if two humans are bookending a simple computer monitor , which appears to be just about as smart as they are . In reality , as Trebek explained , the bulk of Watson 's computer power was stored in another building at an IBM lab in New York , where the show is being held for this special three-day competition . CNNMoney : Will IBM 's Watson put your job in jeopardy ? After introducing Watson , to studio applause , this is how Trebek explained it : "  Just as I expected , " he said . "  That was a very warm reception and I 'm sure Watson would have appreciated the applause . Except for one thing : Watson can neither hear nor see . It will be receiving all of its information electronically . "  And as a matter of fact what you 're looking at right now is not the real Watson . This is an avatar . This is a representation of Watson . Watson , or course , is a sophisticated computer system too big and too heavy to fit behind that lectern on our stage . " As for the stage version of Watson , his brain-face was represented by a digital Earth that swirled with ribbons of various colors while he thought about questions . As Trebek read the clues , a bar graph appeared at the bottom of the screen , showing the top three answers Watson was considering at that moment and how confident he was in those choices . Sometimes the computer managed to be confident but still incorrect . Here 's the clue to the first question Watson got wrong : "  From the Latin for end , this is where trains can also originate . " Watson : "  What is finis . " Confidence level : 97 % . Trebek : "  No . Ken ? " "  What is terminus , " Jennings answered correctly . Before ending the evening tied with Rutter at $ 5,000 each , Watson had jumped out to an early lead at the first commercial break . At that point , Watson had $ 5,200 and his closest noncomputer counterpart had only $ 1,000 . Several Twitter users were awed by the computer 's smarts . "  Watson kinda feakin ' me out . Big time , " Michael Gartenberg , a tech analyst , wrote on his Twitter feed . Another person wrote : "  Watson is almost scary . This is willld ! These humans are no match for Watson 's algorithms . " Trebek summed up the computer 's mixed performance this way : "  So , what have we learned so far : Watson 's very bright , very fast , but he had some weird little moments once in a while . " Then he teased the upcoming shows : "  And how many of those will we encounter tomorrow when we play double and final ` Jeopardy! ' ? "	IBM computer Watson finishes first round tied with 1 contestant , ahead of 2nd Watson has the processing power of 2,800 "  powerful computers " The human-computer battle continues on "  Jeopardy! " through Wednesday
CNN  -- President Obama 's decision to grant some benefits to the same-sex partners of federal employees is seen by some as his attempt to extend an olive branch to the gay and lesbian community , but critics say it 's "  too little , too late . " Some critics say President Obama has let the gay community down . "  It seems to me at least to be a nice gesture , but a disappointment , " said Richard Kim , a senior editor at The Nation magazine . The memorandum Obama signed Wednesday is not expected to grant health and retirement benefits to same-sex partners , as that is prohibited under the Defense of Marriage Act . "  It will absolutely be seen as something good -- but I think , for example , it not including full health insurance -- that is going to put a real microscope on that question . You know , why not ? " Kim said , adding that the memo applies only to federal employees , so most people will not be affected by it . Charles Moran , the spokesman for the Log Cabin Republicans , said the lack of full benefits in Thursday 's memorandum shows a lack of commitment to the gay community . "  That 's the part that just shows that the Obama administration really is n't serious about their promises to the gay and lesbian community . Things like the health benefits , things like retirement benefits and coverage for spouses . These are the core issues , " Moran said . "  Why start the marathon if you 're not serious about ending the race ? " he added . White House officials involved in discussions with gay-rights advocates say that Obama favors extending full health care benefits to same-sex couples but that will take legislation to accomplish . Moran said Obama has had multiple opportunities to fulfill his promises to the gay and lesbian community -- including by repealing the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy and standing against the Justice Department motion filed last week in support of the Defense of Marriage Act . "  Here we are , several months after he 's been inaugurated , and we 've gotten basically nothing . So it is too little , too late , " Moran said . White House Spokesman Robert Gibbs said Obama will keep his word . " -LSB- Extending benefits to same-sex couples -RSB- is a matter of fairness . The president is committed to ensuring that fairness as well as working on and fulfilling other promises that he has made in the campaign around things like ` do n't ask , do n't tell , ' " Gibbs said . The president has faced sharp criticism over the Justice Department 's filing in support of the Defense of Marriage Act , which opposes same-sex marriage . The act used the government 's interest in opposing incestuous marriages to support its position against same-sex marriage . Openly gay Rep. Barney Frank said the Obama administration made a "  big mistake " and is calling on the president to clearly explain his views on the matter . "  The wording they used was inappropriate , " the Massachusetts Democrat told the Boston Herald in an interview published in the paper 's Wednesday edition . Many gay activists have called on Frank and other gay members of Congress to speak out against the recent Department of Justice brief . The rancor threatens to disrupt a big Democratic National Committee gay fundraiser in Washington next week . Vice President Biden is the guest at next Thursday 's DNC 's LBGT Leadership Council 10th Annual Dinner in Washington . Critics are calling for Frank and other gay congressional leaders to boycott the dinner , for which tickets go for $ 1,000 to $ 30,000 a plate . Activist David Mixner and blogger Andy Towle , two well-known gay rights advocates , announced that they were pulling out , citing disappointment with the Defense of Marriage Act brief . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama and same-sex marriage The president also rankled gay advocates before his inauguration when he named megachurch pastor the Rev. Rick Warren to deliver the invocation at his swearing-in . Warren , in an interview with Belief.net , likened homosexuality to bestiality and incest . He also supported California 's Proposition 8 , which banned same-sex marriage in that state . During the Warren controversy , Obama -- who frequently spoke in favor of gay and lesbian rights during the campaign but has said he opposes same-sex marriage -- declared himself "  a fierce advocate for gay and lesbian Americans . " Given the support Obama received from the gay community during the campaign season , Kim said so far , the Obama administration has let gay and lesbian rights activists down . Obama got 70 percent of the vote from those who identified themselves as gay , lesbian or bisexual , according to CNN exit polls . "  I think there is an overwhelming feeling that he has not lived up to expectations on these matters , " he said . But , he added , "  there 's some sympathy for him -- there 's the worst recession since the Great Depression , troops are in two different countries in the Middle East -- so there 's a lot on his plate . " Kim said Obama 's full agenda , however , should n't be used as an excuse to delay action on gay rights issues . If the administration waits until there is a news hole , then the issues will be subject to a lot of debate , he said . "  In the middle of the health care debate , saying we 're going to do health care , we 're going to fix the economy and then this other -LSB- gay rights -RSB- stuff -- of course it 's right . It does n't require a national debate , " he said . "  This is stuff that 's been debated forever . America does not need a huge national debate on some of these issues , " Kim said . Kim said while Obama has disappointed the gay community , he still has some time to make good on his campaign promises . "  I think people will wait through the first two legislative sessions , but then after that some of this stuff does need to move to the front , " he said .	NEW : White House officials : Obama favors full benefits , but legislation is needed Obama expands some benefits to same-sex partners , but not health care "  Nice gesture , but a disappointment , " says Richard Kim , senior editor of The Nation Some critics show discontent by pulling out of DNC gay fundraising dinner
WIRED  -- The ability to control a Windows desktop with a simple hand gesture could become reality sooner than we once thought . The Daily got a sneak peek at two Microsoft-developed Windows 8 notebook prototypes with built-in Kinect sensors . The system would allow for gesture recognition in portable devices for the first time . The prototypes "  appear to be Asus netbooks " and "  feature an array of small sensors stretching over the top of the screen where the webcam would normally be , " The Daily reported . 3-D gesture control on a laptop could offer more interactive , Kinect-style PC gaming , as well as new computer interfaces and ways to control one 's notebook . Microsoft opened up its Kinect SDK to developers in June , and recently said it would be bringing Kinect to desktop PCs in 2012 . The Xbox Kinect console itself is already in 18 million households the world over . Although Microsoft popularized it , the 3-D gesture recognition space is rapidly becoming a hot area of innovation . Another company , SoftKinetic , is working on similar technology aimed at the notebook market . Using a different technology than what the Kinect currently incorporates , the SoftKinetic system can sense motion as close as 5.9 inches away . And then there 's LG and Samsung , whose upcoming Smart TVs have taken a cue from Microsoft , and will incorporate Kinect-style gesture recognition , along with other forms of interface control like voice control , and touchscreen remotes . Although Microsoft is demonstrating and testing this technology , finished Kinect-based portable products may not come straight from Redmond , but rather from developers or OEMs . Windows 8 is set to debut in beta in February . We should start seeing finished Windows 8 products  notebooks and tablets  arriving toward the middle and end of this year . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	System would allow for gesture recognition in portable devices for the first time 3-D gesture control on a laptop could offer more interactive , Kinect-style PC gaming Xbox Kinect console itself is already in 18 million households the world over
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A manufacturing defect blamed for the mid-air breakup of an F-15 Eagle fighter may cause the Air Force to ground a quarter of its fleet of those warplanes permanently , a top general said Thursday . The mid-air breakup of an F-15 fighter jet is being blamed on a a manufacturing defect . Gen. John Corley , the head of the U.S. Air Combat Command , said about 160 of the jets may never return to service after an investigation into the November 2 crash that left the plane 's pilot seriously injured . The single-seat F-15C broke up in a 500-mph turn during a combat training mission over Missouri , with its fuselage breaking in half behind the cockpit , an Air Force probe of the crash determined . Investigators concluded that a critical piece of the jet 's airframe broke during the flight because of a manufacturing defect . A defective longeron -- a metal strut that runs lengthwise down the fuselage -- was cut improperly by the manufacturer , Boeing , and led to a series of cracks over the plane 's lifespan , Corley said . Watch a report on the plane and its problems " "  Some of these airplanes will never return to flight , " Corley said . "  The age , the fatigue on these airplanes has been manifest as we looked under the hood extensively over these last two months . " The Air Force has been flying the twin-engine , supersonic F-15 since the early 1970s . The C model involved in November 's crash is credited with 34 of the 37 "  kills " credited to Air Force pilots in the 1991 Persian Gulf war , according to Thursday 's report on the accident . The service has about 700 F-15s in its fleet , all of which were grounded after the November crash . Most were returned to service after being checked out , but about 40 percent of the Air Force 's 442 F-15 models A through D remain grounded . "  I flew these airplanes 30 years ago , " Corley told CNN "  This is a fleet of airplanes that 's 25-plus years old on average . That constant pulling and pushing and twisting has also caused fatigue . " If the grounded planes are retired , the Air Force would still have about 240 of the older fighters and nearly 300 of the newer F-15E , a two-seat version used for ground-attack missions in Afghanistan and Iraq . Investigators released the results of the Missouri crash at a news conference Thursday in the St. Louis suburb of Bridgeton , home of the Air National Guard wing involved in the accident . The pilot , 37-year-old Maj. Stephen Stillwell , told reporters that his plane broke up in a turn that produced about eight times the force of gravity . "  I had no idea what was happening , " he said . "  I knew something bad was happening , but I did n't know what it was . " Stillwell suffered a broken arm and still has problems with his shoulder . He credited his survival to the training he received . "  You always prepare for the worst-case scenario , " he said . "  I think luck played a small part in it , but a large part of it was due to the training I received and my faith in God , " said Stillwell , who is also a pilot for Northwest Airlines . Col. Bob Leeker , the wing 's commander , said the first four of his F-15s took off Thursday after receiving clearance . Six other planes in the 131st Fighter Wing have not been released , but three are expected to be once additional examinations are completed , he said . The F-15 was first built by McDonnell-Douglas , and it 's now manufactured by Boeing . The service is trying to determine whether Boeing would be liable for the defect after 30 years . The A through D models are used in the United States for air-defense missions . After the initial grounding , the service had to move F-16s to cover for F-15 missions , and Canadians had to help cover missions over Alaska , according to Air Force officials . The defect was discovered as the Air Force continues to fight for more advanced F-22 Raptors , seen as the future of the service 's fighter fleet . Congress allowed the purchase of only 183 of the almost 400 the Air Force wanted , but the service continues to ask for another 200 . Corley said suggestions that the service is trying to use the problems with the F-15 as leverage to get more of the Lockheed-built F-22s "  makes me just outraged , because it 's just flat wrong . " "  I 'm the one who looks into the eyes of the moms and dads , the sons and daughters , the husbands and wives that I put in that airplane , " he said . "  To think that I would put one of those individuals at risk , to almost kill one aviator and to risk other aviators , that is beyond my possible belief . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : General : Manufacturing flaw may lead to suspension of quarter of fleet F-15C Eagle broke apart in mid-air in November ; the pilot survived Report : Defective metal beam in the airframe disintegrated during flight Some aircraft remain grounded as the Air Force continues to investigate
CNN  -- It may have taken 260 years but the home of golf is finally preparing to allow women to join its ranks . The Royal & Ancient Club of St. Andrews , which was established in 1764 and serves as golf 's governing body outside of the U.S. and Mexico , has faced growing criticism for its all-male policy . A ballot will be held in September , with 2,500 members expected to ratify the proposal . The R&A says it hopes the resolution will pass with the required two-thirds majority . "  The club 's committees are strongly in favor of the rule change and are asking members to support it , " a spokesperson told CNN . Speaking to CNN in July last year , R&A chief executive Peter Dawson insisted the single-sex policy of clubs such as 2013 British Open host venue Muirfield -- and others -- was a historic hangover . He told reporters at Wednesday 's announcement of the September vote : "  It 's something that has been expected ; I 'm not going to say overdue but I 'm sure I 'll be asked that question . "  Early indications from the members are very positive indeed . We have been talking about this for quite a while and it 's our governance role which has been the driving factor . "  Society is changing , sport is changing , golf is changing and I think it 's appropriate for a governing body to take this step . " The Royal and Ancient Golf Club has traditionally been the guardian of the rules of the game since 1754 , although since 2004 it devolved responsibility for the administration of the game and the British Open to the newly-formed R&A . Last year the R&A was criticized for choosing East Lothian 's Muirfield , which has a male-only membership policy , to host Europe 's only major -- and Scotland 's First Minister Alex Salmond refused to attend the tournament . The move by the R&A brings it in line with Augusta National , which allowed female members to join the prestigious U.S. club for the first time in 80 years in 2012 . Augusta , which hosts the Masters , faced years of protests with President Obama also adding pressure on the organization . Former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and South Carolina financier Darla Moore became the first women to be admitted as members .	Vote to allow women to join Royal and Ancient Golf Club for first time in 250 years Club is based at St. Andrews , Scotland -- known as the home of golf R&A is golf 's governing body outside of the U.S. and Mexico Critics had been outraged by its male-only policy
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- The "  Mona Lisa " has long been shrouded in mystery , including one long-standing question about the famous lady : What happened to her eyebrows and eyelashes ? A French engineer and inventor examined the famous painting with a camera of his own design . Now , a French engineer and inventor says he 's uncovered part of the enigma . Pascal Cotte announced at a press conference Wednesday that he has found definitive proof that when Leonardo da Vinci painted the original portrait he included "  Mona Lisa 's " lashes and brows . Cotte examined the world 's most famous painting using a high-definition camera of his own design . The device scanned a 240-million pixel image using 13 light spectrums , including ultra-violet and infrared . The resulting ultra-high resolution photograph of 150,000 dots per inch yielded a reproduction of the "  Mona Lisa 's " face magnified 24 times . And there Cotte found the evidence he sought -- a single brushstroke of a single hair above the left brow . Watch as expert announces findings on "  Mona Lisa " " "  One day I say , if I can find only one hair , only one hair of the eyebrow , I will have definitively the proof that originally Leonardo da Vinci had painted eyelash and eyebrow , " said Cotte . So , if she once had lashes , where did they go ? Possibly faded pigment , Cotte suggested , or possibly a poor attempt to clean the painting . "  And if you look closely at the eye of ` Mona Lisa ' you can clearly see that the cracks around the eye have slightly disappeared , and that may be explained that one day a curator or restorer cleaned the eye , and cleaning the eye , removed , probably removed the eyelashes and eyebrow , " he said . Cotte 's high resolution camera led him to numerous additional discoveries about the enigmatic artwork . The infrared layer of the image shows that the fingers of the "  Mona Lisa 's " left hand were originally painted in a slightly different position than in the final portrait . Cotte said the change in position was the result of a lap blanket held by Leonardo 's model . In today 's faded image the blanket is all but obscured , but the highly detailed camera detected the faded pigment . "  It was really the first time that we have this kind of position of the arm , " Cotte said , "  and after Leonardo da Vinci , thousands of painters have made a copy of this position but without understanding why we have this position . The real justification of the position of the wrist is to hold the blanket on her stomach . It 's really a great , for me , it 's really a great discovery . " One of the results of Cotte 's work is a "  virtual " restoration of the painting , an exact replica showing the original colors as they would have looked when the painting was new . The skin tones of Leonardo 's model appear as a warm pink and the sky behind her is a glowing blue , far different from the gray-green tint that covers the artwork today . That dark patina is the result of 500 years of aging , according to Cotte . Cotte presented numerous other findings within the infrared layer he photographed . The researcher said the "  Mona Lisa 's " smile was originally slightly wider than it appears today , and , in fact , so was her entire face . Leonardo kept this painting with him for more than a decade , and is said to have worked on it up until his death . The Renaissance artist once said , "  Art is never finished , only abandoned . " The results of Cotte 's study are on display at the Metreon in San Francisco , as part of the exhibit "  Da Vinci : An Exhibition of Genius . " E-mail to a friend	Scan yields a reproduction of the ` Mona Lisa 's ' face magnified 24 times Image reveals a single brushstroke of a single hair above the left brow Engineer suggests faded pigment could explain lack of lashes and brows A poor attempt to clean the painting could also have erased the features
Indonesia 's top rescue official says authorities believe the missing AirAsia jet is likely at the bottom of the sea , based on radar data from the plane 's last contact . "  Because  the coordinate that was given to us and the evolution from the calculation point of the flight track is at sea , our early conjecture is that the plane is in the bottom of the sea , " Bambang Sulistyo , head of Indonesia 's national search and rescue agency , told reporters Monday . But searchers still do n't know where the plane is , he said , and may need help from other countries for help with an underwater search . The search for AirAsia Flight QZ8501 resumed on Monday , a day after the commercial jet disappeared in Indonesian airspace with 162 people aboard . Ships , planes and helicopters are looking for the missing aircraft , Indonesian authorities said . It 's unclear if weather played a role in the aircraft 's disappearance , but rescuers say it could be a factor that influences how quickly they find the plane . Large waves and clouds hampered the search for the plane on Sunday , the agency said . By Monday morning , weather in the area appeared to be clearing up , CNN International meteorologist Tom Sater said . Authorities say they 're combing a "  very broad search area . " AirAsia says air traffic controllers lost contact with the aircraft at 7:24 a.m. Sunday Singapore time  6:24 a.m. in Indonesia  . The missing plane , flying from the Indonesian city of Surabaya to Singapore , went missing as it flew over the Java Sea between the islands of Belitung and Borneo -- a heavily traveled shipping channel with shallow waters , according to Indonesian authorities , who are leading the search and rescue operations . Before the plane lost contact with air traffic controllers , one of the pilots asked to fly at a higher altitude because of bad weather , officials said . AirAsia statement on missing airliner In addition to Indonesia 's teams , several other countries have joined the hunt for the missing plane . A C-130 plane from Singapore has been participating in the search , and the country 's military says it 's sending two more ships to the search area . Malaysia 's transportation minister said his country has deployed three vessels and three aircraft to assist in the search . And the Royal Australian Air Force said Monday that it was deploying a patrol plane to help . And Indonesia has reached out to the United Kingdom , France and the United States for help with sonar technology that may be needed for an underwater search , Sulistyo told reporters Monday . Now that a day has passed since the plane went missing , investigators should have more data to help them find it , said Peter Goelz , former managing director of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . "  They 've had a full 24 hours now to gather all of the available radar data from all of the available sources , " he said . "  They should be able to put that together , along with any satellite data , and have a more precise location on where to target their search . " Waiting and weeping After hours of waiting in anguish for any word about the passengers aboard the missing plane , several dozen of their family members met with airport and airline officials in a closed-door briefing Monday at the airport in Surabaya . As they waited for news before the briefing , some took cell phone pictures of a flight manifest posted on a wall . The black-and-white papers showed every passenger 's name and seat number , but not their fate . Others simply sat and dabbed tears from their eyes . "  Our concern right now is for the relatives and the next of kin , " AirAsia CEO Tony Fernandes said during a news conference in Surabaya . He confirmed that storm clouds caused the pilot to ask for a change in flight plan , but added , "  We do n't want to speculate whether weather was a factor . We really do n't know . " Once the aircraft is found , there will be a proper investigation , Fernandes said . Of the people on board the Airbus A320-200 , 155 are Indonesian , three are South Korean , one is British , one is French , one is Malaysian and one is Singaporean , the airline said . Eighteen children , including one infant , are among the passengers , the carrier said . Seven of the people on board are crew members . Families of AirAsia flight passengers given support through the ` nightmare ' Questions over pilots ' communications Flight 8501 "  was requesting deviation due to en route weather before communication with the aircraft was lost , " the airline said . The flight 's captain asked permission to climb to a higher altitude , the Indonesian Transportation Ministry 's acting director general for air transportation affairs , Djoko Murdjatmojo , said , according to the national news agency . According to flight tracking websites , almost the entire flight path of the plane was over the sea . What role did weather play ? CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo said that if there was an onboard emergency , the pilots should have issued a mayday call or a pan-pan call . "  Mayday means you 're immediately in danger of losing the flight ; pan-pan means that it is urgent but that you can continue the flight and request an alternate route or an alternate airport , " said Schiavo , a former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  It 's disconcerting in that the standard procedures for an emergency do n't seem to have been deployed , " she said . But Alan Diehl , a former Air Force and NTSB accident investigator , said pilots do n't always make mayday calls in an emergency . "  You know that the controllers ca n't really help you , " he told CNN . "  You and your co-pilot are going to have to solve this . " It 's too soon to know what happened to the missing plane , he said . Details released so far show some similarities , Diehl said , with an Air Algerie flight that disintegrated and crashed in July after changing its flight path because of bad weather . But there 's also a chance that the AirAsia flight did n't crash after losing contact with air traffic control , he said . The Airbus A320 is equipped with a ditching switch , Diehl said , that essentially turns the plane 's fuselage into a boat . "  If they got the aircraft down on the water safely , " he said , "  it should be floating . " ` Very good ' safety reputation As word spread of the missing plane , the airline changed the color of its logo on its website and social media accounts from red to gray . Indonesia 's President Joko Widodo said his nation was "  praying for the safety " of those on board . Pope Francis also prayed for the missing , according to Vatican Radio . AirAsia is a Malaysia-based airline that is popular in the region as a budget carrier . It travels to about 100 destinations , with affiliate companies in several Asian countries . The missing plane is operated by AirAsia 's Indonesian affiliate , in which the Malaysian company holds a 48.9 % stake , according to its website . AirAsia has a "  very good " reputation for safety , CNN aviation correspondent Richard Quest said . Flight 8501 's captain has a total of 20,537 flying hours , with 6,100 of them with AirAsia Indonesia on the Airbus A320 , the airline said . The first officer has a total of 2,275 flying hours , AirAsia said . The plane 's last scheduled maintenance was on November 16 , it said . The French Foreign Ministry said the first officer is the French citizen who is on the plane . A state-run company in Indonesia that manages airports identified the first officer as Remi Emmanuel Plesel . Airbus said the plane had "  accumulated approximately 23,000 flight hours in some 13,600 flights . " The aircraft manufacturer said it would provide full assistance to authorities in charge of investigating the missing plane . The loss of contact with the AirAsia plane comes nearly 10 months after the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which dropped off radar over Southeast Asia on March 8 with 239 people on board . The Malaysia Airlines plane , a Boeing 777-200ER , lost contact with air traffic control over the South China Sea between Malaysia and Vietnam . Searchers have yet to find any debris from Flight 370 , which officials believe crashed in the southern Indian Ocean after veering dramatically off course . But some aviation experts do n't think the search for Flight 8501 will be as grueling as the search for MH370 . "  We are not talking about the deep Indian Ocean here , " Quest said . "  We are talking about congested airspace around Southeast Asia . There will be much better radar coverage . There 's certainly better air traffic control coverage . "	Indonesian official : "  Our early conjecture is that the plane is in the bottom of the sea " Ships , planes and helicopters search for missing commercial jet CNN meteorologist says weather in the search area appears to be improving Airline briefs passengers ' family members at Indonesia airport
CNN  -- The death of Moammar Gadhafi is not the game-changer many would like it to be . His regime was already a thing of the past . For Libya 's transitional government , the challenges today are just as daunting as they were last week . To be sure , Gadhafi 's death provides them a moment of respite and an important propaganda boost as they try to cobble together a credible coalition that can govern . It further breaks down the psychological barrier of fear so many Libyans have continued to feel , left over from decades of dictatorial rule . However , the gains , while important , are more symbolic than practical . Gadhafi was the greatest unifier Libyans could have asked for . He was erratic , brutal and a mismanager par excellence and , as such , managed to mobilize a broad swath of Libyans around a shared goal : the downfall of his hated regime . Now that Gadhafi has left the scene , the rebels and their fledgling government have lost their original raison d'etre . Libya was the Arab Spring 's first true revolution , the only one in which the revolutionaries now hold the levers of power . And , unlike Egypt and Tunisia , Libya does not have to contend with old , decaying institutions . The old regime does not need to be adapted to the new . But as promising as blank slates are , they are also dangerous . The National Transitional Council has been plagued by infighting and the emergence of factions . The divisions have taken on an increasingly ideological tone . It is the same old story : Liberals and Islamists come together during the revolution , only to split afterward , often in acrimony . Above all else , a government needs to govern . It has to have a monopoly on the use of force , and this is a challenge in one the world 's most heavily armed countries . The various militias that helped bring down Gadhafi now represent competing centers of power and influence . Disarming them , or integrating them into the national army , is a key task ahead for Libya 's new leaders . The euphoria we are witnessing today in the streets of Tripoli and Benghazi is encouraging . But it is also premature and misleading . It is likely to be remembered as a brief but welcome aberration in a slow slog toward something resembling democracy . All the actors with a stake in Libya should quickly adjust their expectations accordingly . I , and many others , are optimistic about Libya prospects , but only if Libyans -- and international supporters and donors -- get the key components of the transitions right and do it right away . Revolutions are much more glamorous when they are being fought , less so when they 're being built through the sometimes unsavory give-and-take of consensus building . With Syria disintegrating , Tunisia holding landmark elections and Egypt sputtering along unconvincingly , the attentions of the international community are understandably divided . But it can not afford to forget Libya . Fortunately , Libya is perhaps the only Arab country where people seem to genuinely like Europe and the United States for the decisive support they offered to the revolution . That sort of good will does n't come every day . Here 's hoping that we use it and that we use it for good . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shadi Hamid .	Shadi Hamid : Libya 's new government 's task is challenge even before Gadhafi 's death Loathing for regime unified Libyans , he says ; now new government must unify , govern Disarming militias , integrating them into army next task ; slog toward democracy begins Hamid : International community must use its unique chance to help Libya in its transition
Editor 's note : Please be aware that this article contains spoilers . EW.com  -- After a two-hour finale chock full o ' lasers , sparkly catsuits , and fresh faces from the '70s , it was time for a very special seven-minute results show that brutally overlapped with the season finale of ABC 's "  Revenge . " Victoria Grayson vs. J. Lo in a jewel-toned gown-off : Who wins ? Phillip Phillips ! The 21-year-old singer-songwriter-sufferer from Leesburg , Georgia is your season 11 "  American Idol " winner . Try not to freak out . It 's really okay . This is a televised popularity contest and the "  White Guy With Guitar " happened to get more votes than Jessica Sanchez . It does n't mean "  American Idol " is racist . It does n't mean that Phillip won solely due to his extremely alluring chest hair . These finalists were wildly different . Each had strengths and weaknesses , and both deserved to win . This season , more than ever , it seemed like so many viewers deluded themselves into assuming that the support of one of these kids implied hatred of the other . Are you kidding me ? It 's a reality show ! They 'll both get to make records ! They 've both got ta have it , Ryan ! Ugh , sorry , it 's just a bizarre sentiment that 's run rampant across the internet for the past few weeks AND I AM TELLING YOU I find it utterly ridiculous . If "  American Idol " fans ca n't find a way to be happy for an aw-shucks guy who was so overcome with emotion that he could n't even finish his coronation song , even for a split second , I do n't know why they put themselves through the torture of even watching this mess . No one 's ever going to figure out a way to get inside America 's collective ear and tweak it so that their favorite is the favorite . People like who they like . That 's what 's great about music . There 's more than enough to go around . Never before has "  Idol " received so many votes ! I unexpectedly shuddered when a tall British stranger entered the frame Ã la The Giant from "  Twin Peaks . " What was this , the Oscars ? I imagined that this creature , "  Edward Bodington , " had slithered out of a giant telescope in order to tell us that "  Telescope has counted and certified a world-record 132 million votes . " OMG -- nobody cares . Read the verdict , Ryan ! Phillip and Jessica 's "  Love Lift Us Up Where We Belong " duet , in which the judges played Statues behind the kids and did n't dare look over their shoulders , was the most muted performance of the show . The finalists had very little chemistry beyond a shared sense of politeness and brevity in speech . This was fine -- the rest of the show was packed with enough highs and lows that the finale ended up starring the Top 12 instead of the Top 2 . By far the most riveting performance : Jessica Sanchez 's duet on "  And I Am Telling You I 'm Not Going " with original Broadway "  Dreamgirl " Jennifer Holliday -- a masterclass for our tiny teen in how to act like there 's something , anything , going on underneath a huge vocal . In Jennifer 's case , this meant making liberal use of her mouth . Words wo n't do her facial expressions justice , so I 've created this . The fear of being devoured for dinner shot Jessica up into an entirely new stratosphere of performance value . I 've never seen her look this alive . She won the competition right here , Ryan ! Hopefully Jessica 's fans can take solace in her triumph during this ultimate "  Idol " moment . Meanwhile , Phillip could n't even croak out a second verse . That bastard ! Speaking of complete lunacy , Joshua Ledet and an unbeweavable Fantasia Barrino shared the stage -- or , more accurately , ditched it -- on a blistering scream-off loosely based on the song "  Take Me to the Pilot . " Wait , were they flying ? They certainly seemed high enough . I wonder if , when people consider Fantasia from now on , they will remember her not as the season 3 winner dazzling audiences from her perch on the floor , but as the literal embodiment of "  The Shining " in a sleek long wig and shimmery catsuit with LEG CUTOUTS . Would this have looked more or less ridiculous as a dress ? We almost found out as her pants ripped at the end . Cut them off !  Fox did . Skylar Laine and Reba McEntire 's "  Turn on the Radio " duet was the most genuine feel-good moment of the finale for me . For you ? It was n't the best-sounding performance of the night , but I 'm not sure that was their fault . Just seeing Skylar hold her own so fearlessly with her idol would have made me choke up if it were that kind of song . Reba clearly had a blast and engaged with Skylar as an equal . She was definitely NOT about to eat her . Really cool to see . Hollie Cavanagh and Jordina Spahhhks sounded and looked gorgeous belting out "  You 'll Never Walk Alone " in the midst of a deadly smoke monster cloud . The song is a Liverpool football favorite , but as Hollie and Jordin 's duet was placed directly following Ace Young and Diana DeGarmo 's marriage proposal/off-off-off - off-off-Broadway stage production , it had the unfortunate effect of playing out as an anthem for this couple 's love . The proposal started out semi-cute  minus Ace 's hair and Diana 's general plasticity  but then Ace had to make it creepy and ruin everything by plugging his jeweler . "  Here , I 'll hold the box , " said Ryan Seacrest , whose makeup was running . Ryan had a big night , Ryan ! The best parts of Phillip Phillips and John Fogerty 's songs together were the random cuts to Carrie Underwood LOVING IT in the audience . Is it crazy to suggest that Carrie should be the one to replace J. Lo next season ? I know she 's busy -- I know it 's late , I know you 're weary , I know your plans do n't include me -- but a girl can dream . There 'd be a whole different dynamic to the panel , and I almost think a former contestant might inspire Randy and Steven to step it up more than any old star would . Plus , imagine the hair and fashion ! Fogerty kept looking over at Phillip as if he was very amused . Perhaps Phillip had confided in him that he 'd just woken up . We heard a lot from the "  Top 12 guys "  really just five guys , no Phillip  . The return of Neil Diamond prompted my realization that Jeremy Rosado has a significant "  mic hand-ography " problem I had n't noticed before . He 's still the sweetest , though . The Neil medley and the guys ' tribute to the late Robin Gibb were mostly snoozy , but Joshua saved the Bee Gees medley with a standout performance on "  To Love Somebody . " Of course , he 'd established his MVP status of the non-finalist Top 12 early in the show with a bold but doomed splits move during the group 's cover of "  Runaway Baby . " When it comes to dancing on "  Idol , " it 's the thought that counts . Unless you 're Rihanna or J. Lo , in which case it is the reason you 're performing onstage . Again . No Elise duet ? Boooooo . It 's Aerosmith ! And they said they 'd never get back together . I 'm glad to see that former "  American Idol " pooh-pooh-er Joe Perry has settled into a peaceful place with his Cruella de Vil hairstyle . In their advanced age , the band has become a beautiful , just beautiful patchwork quilt of animal prints and crazy faces . Steven Tyler , that legendary child , never disappoints on a full-length microphone . Maybe he should start scream-singing all of his critiques next season . Put it in his contract , so he can ignore it . "  Now I 'd like to show you my organ . " -- Steven Tyler , proprietor of the ` Love Shack ' dressing trailer . Ewwww . Two more highlights for me : First , J. Lo 's attempt to pass off her vicious contempt toward Jimmy Iovine -- who still does n't know her first name and has no intention of ever figuring it out -- with an eye roll and a giggle . Four eye rolls . Second : The Top 10  minus the Top 2  's performance of "  Singing the Phone Book , " an A.I. original recording , was amazing . The horrified glances could just as easily be directed at Colton Dixon 's hair . Who wrote this ?! Really listen to the lyrics if you get the chance . They are literally  Randy 's fave word  running through the fake yellow pages . The parts about face lifts and "  it 's only liposuction " were delicious , but my personal highlight was "  Ooh , that 's one spicy bratwurst " out of nowhere . The choral robes added a solemn sense of gravity to this heap of ridiculata . Of course , Joshua had to oversing his part . "  Every tahm ! " complained Skylar . And finally , Ev-ery-bo-dy gets a CAR ! Would n't want to leave that out . #Ford As EW.com 's esteemed appraiser-in-chief , I 've never been happier . Thanks for reading these recaps all season . I 've had almost as much fun writing them as J. Lo 's dropped-crotch shimmery pajamas  available exclusively at Kohl 's ?  had during her wild romp onstage . Discuss the finale below ! Did the right person win ? Who wore a sparkly catsuit better -- Fantasia or Chaka Khan ? And dude ... where 's my sloth ? See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Phillip Phillips from Leesburg , Georgia is your season 11 "  American Idol " winner Never before has "  Idol " received so many votes By far the most riveting performance : Jessica Sanchez 's duet on "  And I Am Telling You I 'm Not Going "
CNN  -- Every few years , the National Science Foundation releases its new Science and Engineering Indicators , which feature a barrage of seemingly embarrassing statistics that detail just how much Americans do n't know about science . The latest such report , out Friday , has caused a stir by revealing that just 74 % of Americans know the Earth revolves around the sun . On the surface this figure may seem troubling , but we can take  some  heart : Aside from serving as instant fodder for the news media , quizzing the public tells us little about the state of science literacy in the United States . Science literacy is n't remembering a bunch of facts . It 's an appreciation and understanding of the scientific process and the ability to think critically . A lot of smart people get scientific facts wrong , and it does n't mean they are uneducated . In the 1987 documentary "  A Private Universe , " Harvard students , faculty and alumni were asked what causes the four seasons . Nearly everyone interviewed incorrectly explained that seasons change when the Earth gets closer or farther from the sun in orbit rather than because of the tilt of its axis . It 's also important to remember that in polling , the way a question is phrased can influence the outcome . For example , the National Science Foundation 's Indicators report found that fewer than half of Americans agree with the statement , "  Human beings , as we know them today , developed from earlier species of animals . " However , a 2009 Pew poll reported that six in 10 Americans agree that "  humans and other living things have evolved over time due to natural processes . " The same year , a Harris Poll reported that while just 29 % of Americans agree that "  human beings evolved from earlier species , " 53 % of the same pool of respondents "  believe Charles Darwin 's theory which states that plants , animals and human beings have evolved over time . " In other words , language matters . Still , one ca n't simply dismiss the Indicators data , in light of the very real problem the country faces : The state of science literacy has been in steep decline for a half-century . After World War II , the United States celebrated scientists for developing crucial wartime technologies from radar to the hydrogen bomb . By 1957 , the Soviet launch of Sputnik sparked tremendous growth in scientific funding for research and development . Back then , scientists were heroes and worked closely with Presidents Eisenhower and Kennedy . Then things changed . The space race faded to memory , and nonmilitary science funding dipped . Science lost its prominence in policy , and today it 's treated as a special-interest group rather than central to the policymaking process . The emergence of the religious right beginning in the late 1970s created unnecessary battles pitting religion again "  reason , " as if we must choose a side . More recently , budgetary constraints and the transforming media environment led to major cuts in science reporting . These days , most "  science stories " that make the news are focused on diet and fitness instead of the latest research that will affect our lives and communities . Meanwhile , the Internet allows us to shop for whatever scientific opinion we want as easily as we shop for holiday gifts . The result is a tsunami of dangerous misinformation and pseudoscience online fueling the rise of such things as the anti-vaccination movement and climate change denial . We need to shift course . It does n't matter whether every American can correctly answer a pop quiz about science topics he or she had to memorize in grade school . Is n't that what turns a lot of us off to science to begin with ? What 's important is that we work to foster a more engaged American public that will not only support but also prioritize the research and development necessary to meet the 21st century 's greatest challenges , from drought to disease pandemics . One way ? Enlist today 's young scientists entering the workforce as science emissaries -- training them with interdisciplinary skills that can be applied beyond academia . The number of traditional tenure-track jobs for science Ph.D. s is shrinking , even as we have a critical need for scientific expertise beyond the ivory towers . "  Renaissance scientists " who pursue policymaking jobs , work as writers or even just speak another language will be best equipped to bridge the gap between science and society , serving as translators and communicators . We need this new generation of scientific heroes to restore science to its rightful place in America . Only then will we cultivate a culture of science literacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheril Kirshenbaum .	Sheril Kirshenbaum : Survey shows many in U.S. lack basic science knowledge She says smart people can get science questions wrong and other polls show better results But she says science illiteracy is a problem , and funding cuts , junk science have played role Writer : Science graduates must bring science back into society in interdisciplinary ways
CNN  -- In an abrupt 180 , a Colorado soldier who tried to blame his identical twin brother for sex crimes pleaded guilty Tuesday to those same charges . Aaron Gregory Lucas , 32 , pleaded guilty to four counts of sexual assault on a child , three counts of enticement , two counts of indecent exposure and one count of kidnapping , according to a spokeswoman for the 4th Judicial District Attorney 's Office in Colorado Springs , Colorado . A judge in El Paso County ruled this month that Lucas would be allowed to name his twin brother , Brian Lucas , as a suspect in his defense . Sentencing for Aaron Lucas was set for February 28 , said Lee Richards , the spokeswoman . "  There is no evidence to suggest that the twin brother of Aaron Lucas was in any way responsible for these crimes , " said prosecutor Jennie Darby . "  It 's unfortunate that his name was even brought into this case , " added prosecutor Kelson Castain , according to a post on the Facebook page of the district attorney 's office . Aaron Lucas is a decorated Army officer assigned to Fort Carson in Colorado Springs . His attorney , Ted McClintock , told the Colorado Springs Gazette that his client pleaded guilty because "  he wanted to do the right thing . " "  He loves his family . He does n't want to create problems for them , " the newspaper reported he said . McClintock did not immediately return an after-hours call for comment from CNN . So-called evil twin defenses have been used before in courtrooms . Defendants with an identical twin have sometimes accused the sibling of being the real culprit to try to create reasonable doubt and seek acquittal , but the finger-pointing is n't a sure-fire strategy , said CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos , who 's also a criminal defense attorney . "  No two of us have the same set of DNA -- with one exception , and that is identical twins , " Cevallos said . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	NEW : Defendant 's attorney reportedly says client "  wanted to do the right thing " Aaron Lucas pleads guilty to four counts of sexual assault on a child A judge had ruled that he could name his brother as a suspect in his defense Prosecutor : "  No evidence to suggest that the twin brother ... was in any way responsible "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Mohammad Chaar was n't looking to become a martyr -- or a victim . Late last month , the 16-year-old student was just hanging out with his friends in downtown Beirut , out of school and having fun . They all took a selfie to mark the moment , and never expected that moment would become so momentous . The car bombing targeted and killed Mohamad Chatah , a former Lebanese Ambassador to the United States -- but several others also lost their lives . Minutes after the blast , Chaar appeared in another picture . In it , he 's seen lying unconscious and bleeding on the pavement . He would die later from his wounds . As is the custom in Lebanon , hardly any time had passed before Chaar , an innocent bystander , had been branded a far weightier title . All of a sudden , "  victim " had morphed into "  martyr . " And for many younger Lebanese , so sick of recent violence and rising sectarianism throughout the country , that was just too much . "  I think Mohammad Chaar was the straw that broke the camel 's back , " explained prominent Lebanese blogger Gino Raidy . "  Because what he was doing was taking a selfie , which all of us do every day , and it 's in a safe neighborhood , supposedly . " READ MORE : Beirut blast kills 4 in Hezbollah stronghold Raidy and other outraged Lebanese decided they 'd had enough . Seeking not only an end to senseless slaughter , but also justice for Chaar , they began protesting the teenager 's death through a unique online campaign called "  Not a Martyr . " When the movement 's Facebook page sprang up soon after Chaar died , it contained a message that resonated : "  We can no longer desensitize ourselves to the constant horror of life in Lebanon , " read a statement from the group . "  We refuse to become martyrs . We refuse to remain victims . We refuse to die a collateral death . " As a tribute to Chaar and other civilians who died in recent bombings , supporters of the campaign were encouraged to post photos of themselves in which they 'd write resolutions they sought for Lebanon and include the hashtag #notamartyr . Dozens have already done so . Among the pictorial messages posted are the following : The concept of martyrdom is deeply ingrained in Lebanon 's war-scarred psychology . But a younger generation is now rejecting the idea that anybody who dies as a result of political - or sectarian-motivated bombings or shootings is automatically a martyr . "  In Lebanon , the word martyr has a lot of gravitas to it , " Raidy told me . "  When you say martyr , there 's no questioning that title . But it got to a point where it sort of became a way to absolve the government of the duty it has to actually investigate and punish the people doing that ... What you see today is people who are saying , no , we do n't want to be a martyr . We are victims if we die when we 're going to work or to school or doing daily life things . " Blogger Raja Farah agrees . As we stood in Central Beirut 's Martyr 's Square , he described "  a general sense of helplessness and hopelessness in Lebanon these days . " "  I think , a lot of people feel like we 're sitting ducks waiting for our politicians to play some kind of sick game , " said Farah . "  Martyrdom actually requires a kind of self-sacrifice . You have to be willing to die for something . And a lot of these bystanders that are being killed in these attacks never actually voiced any kind of interest in dying in a certain cause . " While many in Lebanon , a tiny country that survived a brutal 15-year civil war , are accustomed to this kind of violence , there 's no doubt a sadness has set in of late . As neighboring Syria burns , sectarian divisions in Lebanon have deepened . Since July , both Shiite and Sunni strongholds across Lebanon have been targeted in a wave of bombings . Dozens have died as a result . READ MORE : Saudi Arabia pledges $ 3 billion for Lebanese army A growing number of Lebanese activists and writers do n't want to see their country descend into all out chaos . "  I felt like we needed some kind of motivation , " Farah said . "  I felt like most people have given up and I think I 'm pretty to close to giving up as well , and unless something happens , it 's hard to still fall in love with this country and have hopes and dreams about it . " Adding to the general unease over the spillover of violence from Syria 's civil war , Lebanon 's economy is also in tatters . Job options , even for Lebanon 's best and brightest , are few and far between -- a sentiment reflected in the selfie Farah posted . "  Mine says I do n't want to end up in Dubai , " explained Farah . "  I mean , sadly , Lebanon is losing all its youth because there are no opportunities here , it 's not safe . If you want to start a family you ca n't really do it here . Job opportunities are very , very limited . " On the "  Not A Martyr " Facebook page and Twitter feed , you 'll see many such complaints . Whether taking on economic woes or bemoaning rampant corruption , the campaign has given voice to a generation seeking to improve life in Lebanon . Lebanese singer Hamed Sinno is among them . "  The campaign is really interesting for me , " said Sinno , "  because I think it 's one of those campaigns that stem out of a political event that actually has reachable goals . " Sinno , lead singer of the extremely popular band Mashrou ' Leila , is , like many others , using the platform to advocate change . "  We have people talking about animal rights , about the rights of domestic workers , about small stuff like traffic , like everything else . And then , the bigger stuff as well , like , you know , national security , safety . " Sinno added : "  You have people talking about security , you have people talking about their rights as women , their rights as LGBTQ people . " Sinno , who is openly gay , posted a picture of himself holding a sign in Arabic that read , "  I want to hold my boyfriend 's hand without being afraid of the police . " "  My selfie , " said Sinno , "  was about homophobia with the police and not feeling secure with sort of public displays of affection or public declarations of sexual identity . " According to Sinno , the campaign has also given many Lebanese a much needed space to discuss things they do n't like about Lebanon . "  Not that these things are necessarily gon na be resolved when someone posts a selfie , " said Sinno , "  but it 's interesting to sort of see how the bigger political issues in the country actually sediment -LSB- sic -RSB- into people 's daily living experiences . " Sinno and other "  Not A Martyr " supporters are n't the only ones using creativity to combat complacency . After the bombing that killed Chaar , Lebanese artist Rima Najdi put on a provocative performance by dressing up as a suicide bomber and wandering around Beirut . While the costume was cartoonish and bystanders mostly amused , Najdi told me her display was deadly serious . "  This is me protesting against the normalization of these bombings , " she said . For Najdi , who lives abroad and visited Lebanon over the holidays , it was an attempt to jolt spectators out a dangerous mindset she fears is setting in . During her stay , two bombs went off -- the one that killed Chaar and another in southern Beirut . "  I was driving in Beirut and on each red light , I was looking for a bomb , actually . And I was waiting for when the bomb is gon na go off , " explained Najdi . "  And the fact that I looked outside my car 's window and  was  looking at the people and noticing that the people are feeling the same , and they might be as well looking for a bomb , that was kind of the key feeling that I felt I need to do a reaction to in a way , so this is how the idea started basically . " Before she set out in disguise , Najdi was quite worried about the reaction she 'd receive . While some were scared by her , most were simply amused . Several folks took pictures - others even posed for selfies with her . And while Najdi 's happy she never faced any danger , that has n't diminished her concern for what 's happening in Lebanon . "  Feeling that you 're gon na die anytime soon just becomes a process that you go through if you 're walking in the street , " said Najdi . "  So this is quite worrying . " But Najdi , like the supporters of "  Not A Martyr " , refuses to give up on Lebanon . For them the point will never be about how to celebrate a death , rather , how to build a life . Journalist Raed Rafei also contributed to this report .	` Not a martyr ' campaign is gaining traction in Lebanon They say it highlights technique of labeling people as martyrs to avoid taking action They say in Lebanon , martyr is a respected title but it 's now used to desensitize people Campaign launched after one innocent victim of a bomb was called a martyr
Editor 's note : On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . Neal Williams has installed both high - and low-tech security as crime has risen in his neighborhood in decline . LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Neal Williams carefully picked his house 14 years ago with his wife and children in mind . "  Just a nice neighborhood , " is how he recalls it . "  A lot of comfortable people to be around . Enjoyable nights ... walk around and walk down the street and say hi , talk to people . " Not any more . "  I have sat in my upstairs windows and watched kids trying to break into a house next door , " Williams laments . One of his windows was recently broken , and he came home one day to see evidence someone had tried to kick in his door . He has installed new security systems , some high-tech , and also taken a low-tech precaution of deliberately not applying oil to a gate hinge . "  This is my infamous squeaky gate , " he tells a recent visitor . "  That is one of my alarms . " Las Vegas is in many ways ground zero of the nation 's housing crisis . "  Bank Owned " signs are visible all over town -- so many foreclosures , in fact , that local real estate brokers have set up bus tours to take potential buyers and investors around town . Some agents are beginning to see evidence of progress . They report that inventory is down some and that more properties now bring multiple offers . Williams , however , says all he sees are the downsides . There are many vacant homes in his neighborhood because of foreclosures , and others have been rented out by banks that ca n't sell them . And with renters , he says , the sense of community has given way to more trash , graffiti and worse . "  There was a shooting just recently a couple of doors down , " Williams said . "  We 've been robbed on several occasions . " There is a financial price as well ; Williams is current on his mortgage , but his home 's value has collapsed . Watch the pain and joy of the Vegas housing market " "  I 'm scared to look -- really scared to look , " Williams says . "  I know it has gone down quite a bit . My wife says more than half . I honestly do n't know . " His neighbor of just six months is moving , at a big loss , because of the rising crime . But not Williams . "  Do I want to put up with the embarrassment of people saying , ` You look like you live in a prison ? ' Yeah I 'll deal with that embarrassment , but I know that I am safer and that is how I look at it . " Why not move ? "  Well I 'm a stubborn son of a gun . This is my house . This is where I am staying . " Only a few miles away is what you might call the flip side of the foreclosure fallout . Donald Leffert and his wife , Robyn Eddy-Leffert , just moved into their first home . "  It was pre-wired for stuff -- networking , " Donald said . "  It was in a location we wanted . There was very little that needs to be done . " They had been looking at condos , but the crash in housing prices made bigger homes within reach . While checking out the yard , Donald found the stunning evidence : The real estate brochure from when the house was on the market two years ago . It is identical to his brochure , with two exceptions . The list price then : $ 400,000 . Now : $ 179,000 . "  Everything else on the paper is exactly the same , " Donald says as he puts the papers side by side . "  The only difference is the date and the price . " A few small toys they found while preparing to move in makes them mindful their joy comes at the expense of some other family 's foreclosure . "  It 's pretty sad when you think about the people who have lost their homes , " Eddy-Leffert said . "  You ca n't go into a house thinking of it being someone else 's house or someone 's home . "	Foreclosures change neighborhoods in Las Vegas Vacant houses in area have one family adding heavy security to home Another family can afford first home as price drops from $ 400,000 to $ 179,000
New York  CNN  -- An accused international arms dealer , now in U.S. custody for allegedly agreeing to sell millions of dollars of weapons to a Colombian narco-terrorist organization , pleaded not guilty Wednesday in a U.S. courtroom to four counts of terror-related crimes . Viktor Bout , the alleged dealer , could face life in prison if found guilty , the Manhattan U.S. Attorney said . The charges he faces are conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals ; conspiracy to kill U.S. officers or employees ; conspiracy to acquire and use an anti-aircraft missile ; and conspiracy to provide material support or resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization . In this case , that would be the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or FARC . Bout appeared before U.S. District Judge Shira Sheindin wearing a brown tee shirt , black track pants and black sneakers . He was given headphones for translation to Russian , but Bout , who speaks six languages , spoke English to the judge and his attorney . He stood and said "  good day " when the judge entered , and nodded that he understood his rights . The hearing lasted about 10 minutes . "  The so-called ` Merchant of Death ' is now a federal inmate , " said U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara . Bharara said if Bout is convicted on all counts , he 'll face a mandatory minimum of 25 years in prison and a maximum sentence of life in prison . Bharara also announced an unsealed guilty plea of an alleged Bout associate , Andrew Smulian , on the charges . The Justice Department said that between November 2007 and March 2008 , Bout agreed to sell millions of dollars of weapons to the FARC , called the "  world 's largest supplier of cocaine " and dedicated to the violent overthrow of the democratically-elected Colombian government . The weaponry allegedly included "  surface-to-air missile systems ; armor piercing rocket launchers ; AK-47 firearms ; millions of rounds of ammunition ; Russian spare parts for rifles ; anti-personnel land mines ; C-4 plastic explosives ; night-vision equipment ; ` ultralight ' aircraft that could be outfitted with grenade launchers and missiles ; and unmanned aerial vehicles . " Drug Enforcement Administration agents led a sting operation by posing as FARC members , and Bout was arrested in Thailand in 2008 , where he remained in custody until Tuesday . Bout had agreed to sell the weapons to two confidential sources working with the Drug Enforcement Administration , the government said . In a meeting recorded in Thailand in March 2008 , Bout said he could have the materiel airdropped to the FARC and offered to sell two cargo planes as well , the government alleges . Bharara said Bout indicated that he wanted the weapons to be used against U.S. personnel in Colombia . He indicated that the United States was his enemy and that the FARC 's battles against the United States were his as well , the government said . He was arrested after that meeting by Thai officials . Bout arrived in New York late Tuesday , after being extradited from Thailand . The Russian citizen and former Soviet military officer is being held in a high-security prison in Manhattan until his trial , the Justice Department said . Bout allegedly began building his arms business as the Soviet Union disintegrated in the early 1990s . He acquired surplus Soviet planes and started shipping arms and ammunition to conflict zones , according to the U.S. Treasury Department . Bout -- who has gone by many other names , including "  Victor Anatoliyevich Bout , " "  Victor But , " "  Viktor Budd , " "  Viktor Butt , " "  Viktor Bulakin " and "  Vadim Markovich Aminov " -- is accused of supplying weapons to war zones around the world , from Sierra Leone to Afghanistan . But he has repeatedly said he has broken no laws and that the allegations against him are lies . Attorney General Eric Holder said Bout 's "  alleged arms trafficking activity and support of armed conflicts in Africa has been a cause of concern around the world . " "  His extradition is a victory for the rule of law worldwide . Long considered one of the world 's most prolific arms traffickers , Mr. Bout will now appear in federal court in Manhattan to answer to charges of conspiring to sell millions of dollars worth of weapons to a terrorist organization for use in trying to kill Americans . " The Russian government issued a terse reaction Tuesday on Bout being sent to the United States . "  It is very deplorable that the Thai government succumbed to the outside pressure and conducted the illegal extradition of Viktor Bout , " Russia 's Foreign Ministry said . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said : "  We as a country will continue assisting Viktor Bout as a Russian citizen in every possible way . " CNN 's Sally Garner and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Viktor Bout pleaded not guilty in court Wednesday The suspected arms dealer faces life in prison if convicted The charges allege his involvement with the FARC
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel 's president conceded Tuesday his country may disagree with the White House at times over Iran 's nuclear progress , but said he is "  free of doubts " that U.S. President Barack Obama would use military force if necessary to stop Tehran from developing a nuclear bomb . Iran is the top issue as Obama heads here for meetings with Israeli officials , including President Shimon Peres and , more importantly , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Obama to Israel : Low expectations but lots of questions The prime minister has at times voiced concerns Washington has a less urgent view than Israel 's of Iran 's progress toward developing a nuclear warhead . But he has welcomed the administration 's more muscular language of late that "  all options " are on the table and that its policy is to prevent -- not contain -- a nuclear Iran . Israeli officials took it as no coincidence that as he prepared for this trip , Obama told an Israeli TV station he believed there was still a year or so before Iran reached the final development stage -- suggesting he believes there is more time for diplomacy than the Israeli prime minister would like . On eve of Israel trip , Obama tells Iran to disarm The Israeli presidency is a ceremonial position , but Peres is a father figure in politics here , and it was clear from his tone in the interview his overriding goal of the next few days is to project an image of close co-operation between the two allies . "  I do believe that the United States is following carefully the time and the progress , " Peres said of the most recent Obama assessment of Iran . "  So a year is an estimation , " Peres told CNN in an interview at his residence . "  If something were to happen earlier , I am sure we will pay attention to the change . "  The main question you asked me , and the real answer I am giving you -- I trust what the president says . I am free of doubts . I think he is a man of values . He is a man that I respect his words . And he is a man that thinks before he speaks . " Ambassador : Trip signals Obama 's ties with Israel The clear threat of military action is designed to pressure Iran to negotiate a diplomatic settlement , but some Obama critics have voiced doubt Tehran takes seriously the threat of American military action . Asked if he believed Tehran viewed the White House "  all options " approach as serious , Peres said : "  That I am not sure . I am not sure whether the relations between Iran and the truth are so intimate . I think they are capable of bluffing others and bluffing themselves . " He played down disagreements between U.S. and Israeli intelligence assessments of Iran 's progress toward a bomb . "  There may be some differences in timing , but basically we support the policy of the president of the United States , " Peres said .	Peres believes Obama would use military force if necessary to prevent a nuclear Iran Israeli president says he trusts Obama and "  I respect his words " Obama says it will be a year before Iran reaches final development stage of nuke Threat of military action designed to pressure Iran to negotiate a diplomatic settlement
Thanks to digital media , future generations will probably have no trouble hearing Arnold Schwarzenegger say "  I 'll be back " or James Earl Jones , as Darth Vader , telling Luke that he 's his father . Now , Wikipedia wants to give other notable people the same treatment . The crowd-sourced online encyclopedia wants to add audio clips of people who are the subjects of articles on the site , "  so that Wikipedia 's readers know what they sound like and how to correctly pronounce their names . " The brainchild of Wikipedia editor Andy Mabbett , the Wikipedia Voice Intro Project  WikiVIP  was announced this weekend . It asks people who are the subject of articles to upload audio clips , about 10 seconds long , of them speaking . The clips will be added to their pages . In the early going , the project has a distinctly British feel to it . Writer and actor Stephen Fry was approached by Mabbett and became one of the first celebrities to lend his voice . In his Wikipedia biography , an audio link now appears after his name . "  Hello . My name is Stephen Fry . I was born in London , and I 've been in the entertainment business since , well , I suppose about 1981 , " he says in the recording . Volunteers have also identified more than 300 clips from the BBC they 'd like to use . The British network is reviewing the clips and has uploaded more than half of them , according to the announcement . Examples include Tim Berners-Lee , the English computer scientist credited with inventing the World Wide Web , and Burmese opposition politician Aung San Suu Kyi . People who are the subjects of articles and willing to participate are asked to e-mail project volunteers . Wikipedia also is seeking volunteers to help transcribe the recordings , as well as to encourage article subjects to participate .	Wikipedia is seeking audio clips of its human subjects ' voices The voice-intro project asks for 10-second introductions British entertainer Stephen Fry is among first participants
CNN  -- Until 2011 , we were in a Rip Van Winkle-world . Events unfolded so fast that every morning , we seemed to wake up in circumstances unrecognizably transformed from those of the previous night . Yet this year has broken the mold . Nothing happened : certainly , nothing worthy of record by an historian like me . You can imagine the almanac-writers ' dilemma as they prepare copy for New Year 's Eve , struggling to make the year seem memorable . They 'll headline Osama bin Laden 's death , but he was a has-been who had ceased to influence history and whose death can make no difference to our world except by adding one more item to anti-Americans ' already tedious list of grievances . Newspapers will parade pictures of the Arab Spring , which dethroned Tweedle-dum in favor of Tweedle-dee . Recycled photo montages will revive the embarrassment of an expensive wedding in London , in which a prince of feeble attainments played a bit part in a show dominated by trash celebrities . The death of Kim Jong Il will get little coverage -- partly because few good pictures will be available , partly because it really does n't matter . The Durban talks on climate change hardly merit a mention : They confirmed not only that environmental change is now out of human control but also that no one is prepared to make real , urgent effort to try to do anything about it . The U.S. "  drawdown " from Iraq may get some deserved applause , but it has come too late to make much difference to the long-term misfortunes of a war that was worse than a crime , because it was also a mistake . Pundits will reissue dire pronouncements about the European debt crisis , but it already looks as if I was right , when the crisis broke , to predict in British and Spanish media that the euro will emerge barely scathed , with the EU , if anything , marginally strengthened . Politicians have supplied some real-life comic opera to enliven the generally cheerless , pointless record . Silvio Berlusconi added "  bumpa-bumpa " to the world 's lexicon . Nicolas Sarkozy entertained us with his impersonation of the gait and patience of a Gallic cockerel . Jacques Chirac devised amusing excuses to escape jail . Politicians ' posturings reached new heights of self-ridicule when Hugo ChÃ ¡ vez , a noisy mountebank , whose gestures always seem to have the impact of a feebly flung custard pie , called President Obama a clown . The U.S. congressional impasse did only modest harm to America but made the country a world-wide laughing-stock . The inane antics of Republican presidential candidates brought smiles to the faces of U.S. recession victims . Rick Perry could n't remember which departments he wanted to abolish . Herman Cain revealed unexpected depths in the sex life of a pizza guy . Even Ron Paul and Newt Gingrich became funny in a desperate sort of way when Republican voters turned to the unelectable twins in revulsion from all the other options . But the candidates ' parade seemed mainly to show the poverty of democracy and the shallowness of voters ' morals . Members of the debate audiences bayed for the blood of death-row inmates and uninsured hospital patients . State legislatures courted the votes of the hateful and resentful by victimizing poor immigrants and their innocent children . 2011 ought to have been a great year . Legislation could have unlocked the bank vaults and reversed recession . But nothing much happened . Punishment could have made an example of the guilty men of the global economic crisis , but the fat cats have gone on gorging . Action could have gutted corruption out of the U.S. political system -- but the 2012 election will be like all the others , bought by millions of dollars , abandoned by millions of voters . Iran could have rejoined civilization , but , instead , the irrational alienation of Iranians has continued . Imaginative initiatives could have helped to reverse the clash of civilizations , but inter-communal violence has gone on accumulating . I relish unmemorable years : They make it easier for me to update my textbook on the history of the world . They absolve me from further work . But , on the scale of those of 2011 , missed opportunities are bad for all of us . The year 's non-events have , at least , taught us two truths . First , the global political system is sclerotic . The inertia of the U.S. government , with decision-making deadlocked and almost every program frozen -- the promising and menacing alike -- seems representative of a world baffled into pusillanimity by the scale of its problems , while the feebleness of the EU 's response to the financial crisis has shown the same sort of freeze-framing , in a system too clogged with complexity to function . Second , 2011 , like other unremarkable years , has confirmed the already dominant features of the history of our day : intractable economic stagnation , moral and intellectual torpor , tacky culture , environmental degradation . We can congratulate ourselves , as we head into 2012 , only on escaping the infamous old Chinese curse : We do not live in interesting times . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Felipe Fernandez-Armesto .	Felipe Fernandez-Armesto : For all its sound , fury , 2011 was a year in which little changed He says bin Laden was a has-been who had ceased to influence history No real progress on reform of economy or global political system , he says Author : Opportunities were missed to make 2011 a pivotal year
CNN  -- The bombings at the Boston Marathon have brought attention to "  pressure cooker bombs . " Improvised explosive devices can be constructed using everyday items , and those made with pressure cookers have been around for 40 years . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has issued repeated warnings against IEDs made with pressure cookers . IEDs have been used in numerous attacks in the United States , most notably the April 1995 Oklahoma City bombing ; the May 2010 attack in Times Square ; and failed attempts by the Underwear Bomber and the Shoe Bomber . Some experts view the aircraft used to strike the Twin Towers and the Pentagon on 9/11 as the largest IEDs ever created . Abroad , Anders Behring Breivik , the perpetrator of the July 2011 attack in Oslo , Norway , described the IED he detonated -- before killing 77 people at a youth camp -- as a "  marketing tool " for his extremist views . IEDs are a global threat and have become an effective weapon for those who advance their cause through terror and violence . For the past several years , excluding Iraq and Afghanistan , there are on average , three IED incidents each day . The Department of Defense 's Joint IED Defeat Organization has an even higher estimate of 500 IED incidents per month , again excluding Afghanistan and Iraq . Historically , IEDs have been used in a variety of situations , including conflict and post-conflict environments  Iraq , Afghanistan , Sudan , Somalia , Israel , Lebanon and Gaza and the West Bank  ; illegal drug operations  Mexico , Colombia and Peru  ; insurgencies  Chechnya , Russia , Nigeria and Northern Ireland  ; election-related violence  Kenya , Nigeria and Ivory Coast  ; religious crises  India , Pakistan and Nigeria  ; ethnic conflicts  Nigeria , Rwanda , Democratic Republic of the Congo and Serbia  ; and other notable acts of terror  France , Norway , Russia , United Kingdom and United States  . The Boston Marathon attack exemplifies what some parts of the world experience on a regular basis . According to our estimates , in the 10 days before the Boston Marathon , IEDs took the lives of more than 100 people in seven countries . And in the past 60 days , 64 people were killed in a Pakistani incident in February and 44 people were killed in a Nigerian incident in March . The Boston attack also cast a spotlight on the severity of injuries that result from IED use . Thousands of U.S. service members , veterans and civilians around the world endure the consequences of these horrific injuries . IEDs cause the top four injuries to veterans , including hearing loss , traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress . According to the Blinded Veterans Association , approximately 34 % of those injured by IED blasts suffer dual sensory loss of vision and hearing in addition to the well-documented physical wounds such as loss of limbs and other permanent physical disabilities . Treating these injuries is a challenge because the U.S. Department of Defense inadequately shares blast trauma research with the Veterans Administration and other organizations . To date , the domestic and international threat of IEDS has been ignored . No nation has formally condemned the use of IEDs . While the United Nations annually issues a resolution condemning landmines , it has never issued a resolution condemning IEDs . Members of the U.S. Congress have recently raised the alarm on this threat . In May 2012 , a bipartisan group of 92 members of the House of Representatives sent a letter to President Barack Obama calling for a unified U.S. strategy and international action against IEDs . So far , no adequate response from the administration has been received . To fill this vacuum of inaction , I founded the Global Campaign Against IEDs in an effort to push for the reduction of IED use and the trafficking of IED precursor materials . Through a coalition of public , private and military efforts , we can reduce IED networks and prevent IED networks from forming . A purely military approach has failed to stop IEDs in Afghanistan and Iraq . The solution to this dilemma , proposed by the Global Campaign against IEDs , will be comprehensive , involving public , private and military partners . Finally , the broader global community must come together and take meaningful action against IEDs and those who use them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Morris .	Bob Morris : Pressure cooker bombs , like the one used in Boston marathon , are not new Morris : IEDs are effective for those who want to inflict terror and violence on people He says to date , the domestic and international threat of IEDS has been ignored Morris : The U.S. and the global community must take meaningful action against IEDs
CNN  -- Q : I was shocked to read in the news that children as young as 7 are hurting themselves . Why would they do that ? A : I 'm often surprised by what surprises people . This study , recently published in the journal Pediatrics , has garnered tremendous media attention . The study found that approximately 8 % of third-grade students had at some point in their lives engaged in non-suicidal self-injury . Examples of non-suicidal self-injury include hitting oneself , burning oneself , cutting or carving the skin and inserting sharp objects into the skin . Although it is extremely distressing that children engage in these types of behavior , I do n't find it surprising it all . Three other things surprise me a good deal more . First , I am surprised that , before this study , most people assumed that children would n't engage in a behavior that is so common in teenagers and young adults . Why would we expect that non-suicidal self-injury would wait for puberty to make an appearance ? We already know that certain genetic mutations , for example the mutation that causes Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome , can produce horrific self-mutilating behavior in even very young children . While people report engaging in non-suicidal self-injury for various reasons , almost always , they hurt themselves in response to stressful situations or negative emotions . Anyone who has children knows that they are subject to the same powerful emotions as adults . If a minority of adults responds to powerful emotions by harming themselves , why should children not do the same ? This leads directly to the second thing that surprises me : that children below the age of puberty are considerably less likely to deliberately harm themselves than are adolescents or young adults . This finding is consistent with a lot of literature showing that children have far lower rates of mood , anxiety and psychotic disorders than adults do . This fact is often taken for granted in the mental health world , but it is really quite remarkable and not well-understood . After all , children are subject to extremely powerful emotions and have a tremendous capacity for fear and worry . Moreover , it is now very clear that childhood experiences are the strongest environmental determinants of developing mental illness as an adult . So why the delay ? If the stresses and strains of childhood light the fuse for psychiatric illness , why does it take so long for the fuse to burn ? I could fill pages with various theories , but I ca n't give a one - or two-sentence answer that encapsulates this unquestionable truth . The final thing about non-suicidal self-injury that surprises me is that it occurs at all . Anyone who has been depressed can understand how one might feel bad enough to want to escape the psychic pain through death . But why do so many people hurt themselves not because they want to die but because they want to hurt themselves ? Again , there is no simple answer , but I find it fascinating that other mammals have been observed to harm themselves when under stress . Cats and dogs will lick and chew their bodies until they have wounds , and horses have been known to bite their own flanks . This suggests to me that self-injury might be related in some ways to a process , or processes , that have evolved over time . Whether this is true or not , one thing is very clear : Despite being painful , self-injurious behavior can become highly addictive . This is more often the case with women and usually involves cutting the skin , although I 've treated patients over the years who were addicted to other types of self-damaging behavior , such as hitting themselves in the face or inserting sharp objects into various bodily orifices . Many people who cut on themselves report that this behavior has an irresistible pull ; they feel better after opening their skin , either because they are calmer or because the pain makes them feel more alive . These reports have led to widespread theorizing that people become addicted to self-injurious behavior because the tissue damage leads to the release of natural , opioid-type chemicals in the body , giving them a "  natural high . " This idea immediately suggests that blocking such endogenous opioids with drugs might reduce or prevent cutting and other self-damaging behaviors . However , the fact that trials of opioid blockers have yielded conflicting and not very impressive results has lessened enthusiasm for these ideas . A final surprising truth about non-suicidal self-injury is that it exists in a complex relationship with actual suicidal behavior . You 'd think that people who recurrently injured themselves would be at increased risk of committing suicide , but this is far from clear . People who engage in non-suicidal self-injury typically are struggling with other psychiatric conditions , such as a mood or personality disorder , so they are at increased risk of suicide generally . But the degree to which non-suicidal self-injurious behavior itself contributes to this increased risk is not well understood . In fact , the demographics of suicide and non-suicidal self-injury suggest that in some ways they are polar opposites . Most non-suicidal self-injury occurs in adolescent and young adult females and drops off sharply in prevalence with advancing age . On the other hand , most completed suicides occur in men , and the risk rises sharply with age . A study done a number of years ago really highlights this . Young adult females make 25 suicide attempts for every one completed suicide . Older men make 1.6 suicide attempts for every completed suicide . But , suicide attempts are only one kind of violence against the self . Our growing understanding of this fact has led to a proposal by the American Psychiatric Association that non-suicidal self-injury be given its own diagnostic category in the next edition of the DSM , which is the "  bible of psychiatric diagnoses " in the U.S. Although the last thing psychiatry needs in general is another diagnostic category , the upside of this proposal is that it makes official something many patients have been trying to tell us for years : that their apparent suicidal behavior is not really motivated by an urge to kill themselves . Then we 'd be able to officially believe them .	Study in Pediatrics journal says 8 % of third-graders have purposefully injured themselves Children are subject to the same powerful emotions as adults , mental healthy expert says Despite being painful , self-injurious behavior can become highly addictive
CNN -- Newly-appointed Aston Villa manager Gerard Houllier will take control of the squad after Saturday 's English Premier League match against Bolton Wanderers . Houllier was presented to the media as Martin O'Neill 's successor on September 10 , but was unable to begin work with his new club due to his current role with the French Football Federation  FFF  , where he is a technical director . The former Liverpool and Lyon manager 's first game in charge will be a Carling Cup clash against Blackburn Rovers on September 22 , but he will be present at Villa Park to see Aston Villa take on Bolton this weekend . Another new appointment is Milovan Rajevac , who has become the new coach of Saudi Arabian side Al Ahli . The Serbian , who guided Ghana to the quarterfinals of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa , will face Al Ittihad in his first match on September 16 .	Gerard Houllier will take control at Aston Villa after Saturday 's match with Bolton His first game in charge will be against Blackburn Rovers on September 22 Milovan Rajevac has become the new coach of Saudi Arabian side Al Ahli
CNN  -- Pakistan cricket is embroiled in a new controversy after the national team were accused of deliberately losing two games at the Champions Trophy by a government official . Younis Khan 's future as Pakistan captain is in doubt following accusations of match-fixing . The chairman of the National Assembly 's standing committee on sports claimed in a television interview that Pakistan lost to Australia to knock traditional rivals India out of the limited-overs tournament in South Africa . Australia won by two wickets by running a bye on the final ball of the closing Group A tie on September 30 , which ensured they reached the semifinals and ended India 's hopes . Captain Younis Khan then dropped a simple catch as his side lost to New Zealand by five wickets in Saturday 's semifinal . "  We went with a pre-determined mind to lose the match against Australia , " Jamshed Ahmed Dasti told Pakistan TV channel Geo TV on Tuesday . "  Our intention was to keep India out . It was a deliberate decision to lose the match against India . " Dasti said that the team also intentionally lost the match to New Zealand , who were beaten in Monday 's final by defending champions Australia . "  That 's why the NA Standing Committee on Sports has called in captain Younis Khan , coach Intikhab Alam and -LSB- Pakistan Cricket Board -RSB- chairman Ijaz Butt for investigations , " he said . One report in Pakistan claimed that Younis and Intikhab had already been sacked by the PCB , but others said that Pakistan cricket 's ruling body was happy with the team 's performance . "  The team played well and tried hard . It is unfortunate they could n't qualify for the final , which every player wanted to do , but they had one bad day against New Zealand , " PCB spokesman Nadeem Sarwar told the Express Cricket Web site . "  As far as we are concerned , the team did well in the Champions Trophy and their performance was satisfactory . " Former captain Rashid Latif criticized Dasti for making serious allegations without backing them up with proof . "  I was one of those who first raised the issue of match fixing in international cricket , so I know what I am talking about . I can say the team did its best and played hard in the tournament -- a few mistakes cost them a place in the final , " Latif told Express Cricket . "  I think parliamentarians should first look at the corruption in the government before talking about cricket . It is unfortunate that when the team needs backing , a parliamentarian should make such allegations . " The accusations are another blow for Pakistan 's cricketing fortunes . The sub-continent nation lost the rights to host the Champions Trophy due to security issues -- it was postponed last year and switched to South Africa -- and was then ruled out of staging the 2011 World Cup . Earlier this year , veteran fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar missed the Twenty20 World Cup after needing treatment for genital warts . Akhtar , once Pakistan 's most feared weapon , has constantly clashed with the PCB , which banned him for hitting a teammate with a bat in 2007 and threatened him with court action following a public feud which ended with a five-year suspension that he successfully appealed . The PCB also punished him for testing positive for the performance-enhancing drug nandrolone in 2006 , while fellow fast bowler Mohammad Asif was arrested in Dubai for possession of illegal drugs last year .	Pakistan 's cricket team has been accused of deliberately losing two games Government official alleges Pakistan lost to Australia to knock out rivals India Pakistan progressed to Champions Trophy semifinals after last-ball defeat Jamshed Ahmed Dasti also claims Pakistan lost semi to NZ on purpose
CNN  -- In 2010 , Ugandan journalist Gladys Kalibala embarked on a mission to bring attention to her country 's lost and abandoned children . Using the power of print , she started a newspaper column and more than four years later the award-winning writer has helped many youngsters reunite with their families and overcome a sense of hopelessness . While writing her "  Lost And Abandoned Children " column for New Vision , one of Uganda 's leading newspapers , Kalibala came into contact with several forgotten children , some of whom had been born into extreme poverty or suffered from abuse . Through the success of her features , Kalibala was able to rapidly increase awareness of the ongoing plight faced by many local children . And yet she felt the need to do more . As a result , she started putting her contact details at the end of each article , encouraging readers to contact her and contribute what they could for many of these scared and neglected kids . "  I really thank my readers because they always turn up , their response is always good , " says Kalibala . "  They come up and give assistance where some of these children have been taken to school because of their sponsorship . " A mother to many Today Kalibala has become known as a mother to many of these motherless children -- and in turn she considers them her own . What 's most important to her however is that these children receive an education ; Kalibala often pays tuition fees for many of these kids out of her own pocket , in addition to the funds provided by some of her supportive readers . "  I end up being the mother , " says Kalibala , who takes an active role in the kids ' lives by regularly checking their school reports to ensure that they 're on the right track . "  They call me "  mother , " they call me "  grandy , " they call me all sorts of names and I end up feeling so bad that I do n't want to abandon them ... So I 've ended up paying school fees for many of them although I 'm getting very little money because as a freelance it 's really not the best thing . You have to struggle a lot . " Tough childhood The journalist 's compassion stems primarily from her childhood ; she was born into a family of 19 children and was raised by her grandfather after her father , who had two wives , abandoned the family for another woman . "  While growing up with my grandfather , I learnt a lot of things from him , " recalls Kalibala . "  He was a reverend , a born again and he loved to help needy people . We used to have a lot of people in our home . We used to get visitors in the night , those ones who have failed to get transport , those ones who did n't have anywhere to sleep . We would always share food with them . " After her grandfather 's death however , Kalibala was forced to drop out of school in order to look after her siblings . To do so , she worked several jobs with the hopes of returning to school at a later stage . When her brother started working in Zambia he offered to pay for her to take a course in journalism . But before he could fulfill his promise , Kalibala 's brother died . Nonetheless , Kalibala was determined to make a name for herself and enrolled herself in a course in Uganda . Her luck changed when she began her career in journalism after being offered a job as a features writer at New Vision . Later on , a chance meeting at a police station , where two families were fighting over an abandoned child , let her to begin writing her column and become the voice of the voiceless in Uganda . Kalibala , who hopes to start a foundation whereby she can raise more awareness and support for these children by providing them with shelter and education , says the horrors many of these kids have had to overcome only strengthens her resolve to work harder . "  We have to come together ; we have to pull out our resources ; we have to give care ; we have to really work together to see that we help all these needy children we see around , " she says . "  If we empower them this will maybe help us reduce that number of abandoned children . " More from African Voices	Gladys Kalibala is a journalist writing a newspaper column for Uganda 's forgotten kids After facing a trying childhood herself , she highlights the many orphaned children in Uganda Kalibala has become a de facto mother , often checking report cards and paying school fees She says : "  They call me "  mother " ... I do n't want to abandon them . "
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Who : William "  whurley " Hurley of Austin , Texas What 's with the nickname : It 's an abbreviation of his name and the title of his personal blog . Why you might know him : He worked in research and development at Apple and IBM , owns a handful of patents and is considered an influential tech thinker . His mobile-app company , Chaotic Moon Studios , built the interactive "  Grover and the Monster at the End of the Book " for "  Sesame Street " and recently launched the iPad application for News Corp. 's tablet publication , The Daily . He likes the South by Southwest Interactive festival , where we caught up with him : Chaotic Moon Studios launched last year at SXSW . Hurley , one of its co-founders , has been attending the festival since 1993 . How Chaotic Moon develops products : "  We 're actually designing the app in our imaginations now and then backing that up and going out to these manufacturers with what we need . We 're starting to see things progress at such a fast pace . Literally every year there 's a new iPhone , there 's a new thing , and that gives us -- with the proper planning -- time to think about the limitations of the device , build out something and know that the devices will eventually catch up . Or possibly we could even influence to catch up to it sooner . " His thoughts on innovation : "  If you think about the progress of technology , at what point do we hit that glass ceiling ? There are people I know that would have said 3-D is a wall , and now we 've broken past that . It 's our job as technologists to drive forward past those walls , and that requires something that is close to me , which is better education of people , " he said . "  That is what prevents us from hitting that wall . " Why he favors an online resource where app developers could access and share information : "  Why not take and open source some of that and make it a communal process ? Instead of rewriting 80 % of the software that is the same on all of those applications , why not focus on the 20 % that makes it different and really worthwhile to the user ? " Why he thinks mobile computing will be even bigger in 2012 : "  When we were here  at SXSW  last year , we heard it was going to be the year of the tablet . You expected to see not just tablets , but customized tablets for verticals , medical and restaurants and all these different things , and that really has n't happened . "  So next year I think you 're going to see yet another increase in mobile , because for computing to become ubiquitous and pervasive , clearly we have to take it with us . And everyone wants to be new and novel by doing mobile stuff , but the reality is that everything will eventually be mobile or at least have a mobile competent . " Hurley also hopes to see more applications that allow you to share information across devices , such as an app for your TV that syncs with your tablet and your phone .	CNN chats with tech innovator William Hurley at the South by Southwest Interactive festival His mobile-app company created the iPad app for News Corp. 's tablet publication , The Daily Hurley : "  We 're actually designing the app in our imaginations now "
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- At least 29 passengers were killed and 20 others injured as a bus fell into a gorge in northern India Friday , police said . The wreck occurred in the Kangra district of Himachal Pradesh state , said Atul Fulzele , the district police chief . Authorities were investigating the cause of the accident , he added . More than 105,000 people were killed in traffic crashes in 2006 , according to World Health Organization report released this year . About half a million people are injured by traffic crashes that year , the report said . The India government said this year it has launched a campaign to reduce road-crash deaths by 50 per cent by 2012 .	At least 29 passengers die as bus falls into a gorge in a north India Authorities investigating cause of incident India says it has launched a campaign to reduce road-crash deaths
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 21 militants were killed in Pakistani airstrikes Sunday in a volatile area close to the Afghan border , officials said . Ten militants died as jets targeted their hideouts in the Khyber tribal district , Pakistan 's Inter Services Public Relations reported . The strikes demolished four hideouts , officials said . Separate strikes killed 11 militants and destroyed two terrorist hideouts in another remote village in North Waziristan , sources said . Drone strikes kill 8 in Afghanistan , Pakistan North Waziristan is a Pakistan Taliban stronghold in the country 's loosely governed tribal areas bordering Afghanistan . The area is dangerous and hard for journalists to reach , making it difficult to independently verify the military account . Military and local sources on the ground said the militants were affiliated with the Pakistan Taliban . Militants from Tehreek-e-Taliban , or TTP , have long conducted an insurgency against the Pakistani government and have claimed a number of violent attacks . Early this year , the government suspended peace talks with the group . Pakistan 's northwestern region is home to loosely governed tribal areas . It 's also a base for foreign fighters and a refuge for members of the militant Haqqani network , an insurgent force affiliated with the Taliban and al Qaeda . Zahir Shah Sherazi reported from Peshawar , Pakistan , and Chandrika Narayan wrote in Atlanta .	One strike kills 10 and another kills 11 in remote villages in North Waziristan Strikes target militant hideouts in volatile tribal area Militants targeted were members of the Pakistan Taliban , sources say
Moscow  CNN  -- Thousands of people in Moscow rallied for and against Vladimir Putin in separate rallies Monday after official election results showed the Russian prime minister handily winning back the presidency . International observers blasted the Sunday election , saying the outcome was never in doubt . Some foreign governments pledged to work with the new leader despite concerns about electoral violations . "  The election has not been exemplary , to say the least , " said French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe . With more than 99 % of the votes counted , Putin received 63.75 % of the vote , easily avoiding a runoff in a field of five candidates . Putin 's closest challenger , Communist leader Gennady Zyuganov , got slightly more than 17 % , and the other three candidates -- including Mikhail Prokhorov , the owner of the New Jersey Nets basketball team -- were in the single digits . The result was still considered preliminary , however ; the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported final results may come next week . Putin , 59 , declared victory before thousands of cheering supporters near Red Square on Sunday night , and a similar crowd returned Monday to celebrate his victory , RIA Novosti reported . The news agency said about 10,000 people were at Manezhnaya Square , where sports figures and celebrities congratulated Putin and denounced the opposition 's claims that the voting was unfair and rigged . Other pro-Putin rallies took place around the country , RIA Novosti said . Thousands of Putin opponents also turned out in central Moscow on Monday , and police arrested 250 people . Among them were opposition activists Ilya Yashin , Alexei Navalny and Sergey Udaltsov , the Moscow branch of the Russian Interior Ministry reported . Police detained 16 nationalists in central Moscow because they were attempting to create unrest , the ministry said , and roughly 50 supporters of the banned National Boshevik Party were detained for attempting to hold an unauthorized rally . "  All those arrested were taken to a police station for their actions to be processed , and for the authorities to decide whether to press charges , " the Moscow branch of the ministry said . International observers blasted Russia 's presidential election Monday and expressed disappointment and frustration with the way Putin won . "  The point of an election is that the outcome should be uncertain . This was not the case in Russia , " said Tonino Picula , the head of an observer mission from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe  OSCE  . Observers said they observed ballot stuffing and other irregularities in about a third of polling stations they monitored , and an uneven playing field in the run-up to the election . Sounding somewhat exasperated , the Council of Europe 's Tiny Kox urged Russia "  to have a fair election , " saying "  it 's not that difficult . " Ambassador Heidi Tagliavini of the OSCE was particularly critical of irregularities in vote counting because "  what matters in an election is the counting , " she said . She declined to say whether the irregularities affected the outcome of the vote -- a landslide for Putin by international standards , if not Russian ones . And she praised incremental improvements such as web cameras in polling stations and transparent ballot boxes , as well as the "  massive mobilization of civil society demanding fair elections . " The U.S. State Department urged the Russian government to conduct an independent , credible investigation of all reported electoral violations , but it also noted steps , like webcams installed at polling places , intended to make the voting process more transparent . Some 90,000 webcams at polling places around the country allowed people around the world to watch live as Russians cast their ballots on election day . Putin called for unity Sunday night as he appeared headed for his third term as president , declaring he had won an "  open and honest fight . " But chess champion-turned-opposition-activist Garry Kasparov accused Putin 's supporters of "  massive fraud , " saying early Monday they packed the polls with additional voters . Kasparov , who served as a poll watcher in his Moscow neighborhood , said Putin 's supporters "  simply added new voters to the register using so-called supplementary voter rolls . " "  At one of the polling stations , the number of extra voters even exceeded the number of registered voters , " he said . A former KGB officer , Putin served two straight terms in the Kremlin before term limits forced him to step down in 2008 . But he served as prime minister under his successor , Dmitry Medvedev , and continued to dominate Russian politics . Presidents Hugo Chavez of Venezuela and Bashar al-Assad of Syria on Monday congratulated Putin on his win . CNN 's Clare Sebastian contributed to this report .	NEW : Police arrest 250 people in Moscow , including three opposition activists Thousands take part in rallies both for and against Putin Vladimir Putin received more than 63 % of the vote Monitors say they observed ballot stuffing and other irregularities
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal region on Wednesday killed 23 suspected militants , intelligence officials told CNN . Two Pakistani intelligence officials said the suspected drone fired four missiles at a militant training center in the area of Roya Naray in North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan . The intelligence officials asked not to be named because they said they are not authorized to speak to journalists . Based on a count by the CNN Islamabad bureau , Wednesday 's suspected drone strike was the 32nd this year . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report	Suspected drone attack is in volatile North Waziristan There have been 32 suspected drone strikes in 2011
CNN  A man armed with an assault rifle held his family hostage and shot and killed a Navajo Nation police officer Thursday evening , the Native American tribal government said . The suspect fled , and was shot to death hours later . The slain officer , who was not immediately identified , was one of two Navajo Police officers shot after a domestic violence call came in around 4 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  Thursday , according to a statement from the Navajo Nation . The officers were responding to a report that a man with an AR-15 rifle was holding his family hostage . That same man shot at the Navajo Police , then ran . A manhunt ensued involving officers from the Navajo Nation 's Window Rock and Crownpoint districts . It ended with word around 10:30 p.m. that the suspect was shot to death in the northern Arizona city of Red Valley , just over the border from New Mexico , according to the Navajo Nation government . It was not immediately clear how he died -- whether it was from a shootout with police or a self-inflicted wound . The wounded officer is being treated in the Shiprock-Northern Navajo Medical Center . The officer 's condition was not immediately known . "  We send our condolences to the family of the Navajo Police officer who gave his life in the line of duty , " Navajo Nation President Ben Shelly said . " ... The family will be in our prayers . " The Navajo Nation straddles northeast Arizona , northwest New Mexico and southeast Utah , compassing some 27,000 square miles -- an area larger than West Virginia . Along with a distinctive , centuries-old culture , the autonomous jurisdiction boasts what its website calls "  the largest and most sophisticated form of American Indian government . " CNN 's Christine Sever contributed to this report .	A man holds his family hostage with an AR-15 , police respond The man shoots at Navajo Nation officers , killing 1 and wounding 1 The suspect is shot to death hours later in Red Valley , Arizona
CNN  -- If the still raging fires did n't destroy their homes , New Mexico residents could be done in by flash flooding this monsoon season -- the ravaged landscape heightening the danger , and likelihood , of mudslides and other problems . Despite rain over the weekend , the Las Conchas fire continues to burn around Los Alamos . Nearly 1,900 personnel have worked to contain 45 percent of a blaze that 's scorched more than 146,000 acres and more than 100 buildings , according to the website of the federal Interagency Management Team that is overseeing the firefight . With monsoon season having just kicked off , more precipitation could help firefighters contain the wildfire , one of several still burning in the Southwest . Yet it is not all good news , as torrential downpours -- which will likely occur into September -- may also cause further ruin in already hard-hit areas . "  It will simply take just one thunderstorm in the right area of a burn scar to potentially have devastating affects , " National Weather Service meteorologist Kerry Jones said . "  That could happen tomorrow or Tuesday , or a month from now , or both . " Robyn Broyles , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Interior 's Burned Area Emergency Rehabilitation team , explained that forests , shrubs and other flora generally mitigate the impact of monsoon rains . Such plant life largely has been charred and flattened by the weeks-long Las Conchas fire . And the fact that the fire has affected acres upon acres of hilly , mountainous terrain makes fast-moving mudslides even more dangerous -- and likely . "  There 's no vegetation left on the landscape to keep the water in place when the monsoon hits , " Broyles said . Jones added , in an e-mail to CNN , that "  severely burned soil can be a water repellent " and effectively act like pavement , with water quickly flowing over it and bringing ash , silt , sand and assorted debris along with it . "  Those mudslides  then may damage or destroy culverts , bridges , roads and buildings , potentially causing injury or death , " he explained . That danger is imminent in northern and central New Mexico . A monsoon "  burst , " meaning a period of intense rain , was expected Monday and Tuesday in the area that 's been a hotbed for wildfires since last month , said Jones . That 's why the weather service issued a flash flood watch into Monday evening for a large swath of New Mexico including the Jemez and Sangre de Cristo mountains . Between a half inch to an inch of rain could fall within 30 minutes at times . Still , even though it is now monsoon season , that does not mean that new fires could n't break out or that old ones could not continue to spread . As Jones noted , there likely will be "  breaks " over the summer with little to no precipitation , and possibly high temperatures and strong winds . On Sunday night at Los Alamos Airport , for instance , the humidity was 18 % to 20 % , the weather service said -- even though thunderstorms could hit within hours . That continued wildfire danger is why Albuquerque and Bernalillo County continue to keep the Bosque , Rio Grande Valley State Park and all open space areas closed to the public -- even with rains on the way -- the city 's website reports .	The Las Conchas fire is 45 percent contained , having burned more than 146,000 acres As the fire rages , a flash flood watch is issued for northern and central New Mexico An official notes that in places there 's no vegetation to contain intense rainwater A meteorologist says fire-scarred areas seem water-repellent , acting like pavement
CNN  -- A Lonely Planet author says he plagiarized or made up portions of the popular travel guidebooks and dealt drugs to supplement poor pay , an Australian newspaper reported Sunday . Lonely Planet publishes more than 500 titles and employs 300 authors , according to its Web site . Thomas Kohnstamm , who has written a book on his misadventures , also said he did n't travel to Colombia to write the guidebook on the country because "  they did n't pay me enough , " The Daily Telegraph reported . "  I wrote the book in San Francisco -LSB- California -RSB- , " he is quoted as saying in the Telegraph . "  I got the information from a chick I was dating -- an intern in the Colombian Consulate . " The 32-year-old Seattle , Washington , native also claims he accepted free travel , which is a violation of the company 's policy . Kohnstamm has worked on more than a dozen books for Lonely Planet , including its titles on Brazil , Colombia , the Caribbean , Venezuela , Chile and South America . An e-mail from Lonely Planet said Kohnstamm 's book were being reviewed , the newspaper reported . "  If we find that the content has been compromised , we 'll take urgent steps to fix it . Once we 've got things right for travelers as quickly as we can , we 'll look at what we do and how we do it to ensure as best we can that this type of thing never happens again , " the e-mail said , according to the newspaper . The book 's publisher , Piers Pickard , told the paper that an "  urgent " review of Kohnstamm 's books did not reveal any inaccuracies . The Lonely Planet series publishes 500 titles , updated every two to four years , and employs 300 authors , according to the company 's Web site . It sells more than 6 million guides a year , the newspaper reported . Kohnstamm 's book , "  Do Travel Writers Go to Hell ? : A Swashbuckling Tale of High Adventures , Questionable Ethics and Professional Hedonism , " is set for release next week . On his MySpace page , Kohnstamm says the book "  is about the decision to abandon Manhattan to try to make it as a travel writer and the good , the bad and the really surreal that I experienced on the road . " E-mail to a friend	Author tells paper he got data for Colombia guidebook "  from a chick I was dating " Author 's works include guides on Brazil , Venezuela , Chile , paper reports Lonely Planet tells paper it wants to ensure "  this type of thing never happens again " "  Urgent " review of author 's books reveals no inaccuracies , publisher tells paper
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A former astronaut who was accused of assaulting a romantic rival in the parking lot of the Orlando airport will avoid prison after pleading guilty to lesser charges as part of a plea agreement . Citing Lisa Marie Nowak 's lack of a criminal history , Orange County Circuit Judge Marc Lubet sentenced her to a year of probation . She was given credit for the two days she served in the county jail after her arrest . Nowak , 46 , must also perform 50 hours of community service and have no contact with the victim in the case , former Air Force Capt. Colleen Shipman . She must also send Shipman a letter of apology within 10 days , "  a sincere letter of apology , not one of these vanilla things that I see from other defendants , " Lubet told Nowak . "  It 's been almost three years since the events took place that caused this nightmare for Ms. Shipman , and you are 100 percent responsible . " In addition , Nowak must complete an eight-hour anger management course within her first 30 days of probation , Lubet said . Nowak told the judge she had undergone counseling for 1 1/2 years and the counseling is complete , so the judge said he would not order more . Lubet said he was treating Nowak as any defendant would be treated , saying he doubts any judge would send a defendant to prison on a first offense . Shipman delivered an emotional victim statement before Nowak 's sentencing , telling the court she remains convinced Nowak planned to kill her . "  Shortly after I turned 30 years old , Lisa Nowak hunted me down and attacked me in a dark parking lot , " she said , adding that she is "  still reeling from her vicious attack " and attempting to piece her life back together . "  The world as I knew it before Lisa Nowak is gone , " Shipman said . "  Every stranger I see is a potential attacker . Going out in public is exhausting . " She said she has undergone nearly three years of counseling , but suffers from nightmares , anxiety and health problems such as high blood pressure and chest pains because of the incident . Nowak initially was charged with attempted kidnapping with intent to inflict bodily harm , battery and burglary of a vehicle using a weapon . If convicted , she could have faced a sentence of up to life in prison . Prosecutors accused Nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from Houston , Texas , to Orlando -- wearing NASA diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following Shipman from the airport 's baggage claim to the parking lot in February 2007 . Nowak 's attorney , Don Lykkebak , has denied that she wore the diapers . Nowak has said she went to the airport to talk to Shipman , who had begun dating Nowak 's former love interest , Navy Cmdr. Bill Oefelein . But Shipman , in her comments Tuesday , called that claim "  at best , ridiculous , " saying that Nowak , whom she did not know , had ample opportunity to talk to her , as she "  stealthily followed me for hours . " "  I 'm a very friendly person , your honor , " Shipman said , adding that she would have welcomed Nowak 's company "  over some hot chocolate , while I was waiting for my suitcase to arrive . " She recounted the incident and her terror as she realized Nowak was following her in the dark parking lot , as she could hear the swishing of Nowak 's pants as she walked . She said she sprinted to her car , and Nowak attempted to open the car door and beat on her window , then spun a tale of being a helpless traveler who was afraid of being in a dark parking lot . Shipman said she cracked her window , and Nowak sprayed her in the face with pepper spray . "  She blasted me with what felt like acid , " Shipman said . " ... I stomped on the gas and wondered if there was a gun pointed at my head . " At a hearing in November 2007 , Orlando Police Detective William Becton testified that in a search of Nowak 's car , he found maps showing how to reach the airport and its layout , a buck knife and papers , including a letter Nowak appeared to have written to Oefelein 's mother . He testified he found used and clean diapers in the car . Police previously had said they also found a BB gun , a steel mallet , a 4-inch knife and rubber tubing in the vehicle . Shipman said Tuesday she thought she had escaped a carjacking . "  I had no idea that a highly paid , high-ranking military officer had just attacked me . " When she found out she had been attacked by a "  sister in arms , " she said , she was heartbroken . Shipman said the resulting media attention and scrutiny has placed additional stress on her and her family . Before sentencing , Nowak turned to Shipman and apologized . "  I am sincerely sorry for causing fear and misunderstanding and all of the intense public exposure that you have suffered , " Nowak said . "  I hope very much that we can all move forward from this with privacy and peace . " Lubet said he accepted her apology as sincere , but in sentencing her he noted that he was certain her conviction would affect her Navy career and retirement . Still , the judge told Nowak , "  you brought this on yourself , and I do n't have any sympathy for you in that respect . " Shipman has left the military and Oefelein has left the astronaut corps , and the two live in Anchorage , Alaska , where they run a company called Adventure Write as freelance writers and photographers . People.com reported in July the two were engaged . Lubet also ordered Nowak to stay away from Oefelein after Shipman alleged in her remarks she found a book with suggestive notes inside that Nowak had sent Oefelein after the incident despite a no-contact order . "  No books , no messages , no poems , nothing , " Lubet said . "  It 's not a problem , " Nowak responded . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Lisa Marie Nowak , a former astronaut , accused of assaulting a romantic rival Florida judge sentences Nowak to year on probation , community service Prosecutors say she drove 900 miles in diapers , wore disguise , followed woman through airport
Courting yet more controversy , Dennis Rodman on Wednesday led a singalong of "  Happy Birthday " to the leader of North Korea , a man he calls a friend and a "  very good guy , " but considered by many a brutal dictator who recently lauded the execution of his own uncle . Images released by The Associated Press also show Rodman appearing to bow to Kim Jong Un at Pyongyang Indoor Stadium , the site of a basketball exhibition Wednesday -- Kim 's birthday -- between a North Korean team and Rodman 's squad of former NBA players and others . "  It was , as you might imagine , a bizarre and unusual occasion that wo n't easily be forgotten , " Simon Cokerell , general manager of Koryo Tours , said in a YouTube video posted after he accompanied tourists to watch the match . Even before Wednesday 's spectacle -- in which his team lost to a North Korean squad 47-39 , according to North Korean state media -- Rodman 's visit to North Korea had already generated enormous controversy . The colorful former NBA star known as "  The Worm " elicited widespread condemnation Tuesday when he suggested in an exclusive interview with Chris Cuomo of CNN 's "  New Day " that American Kenneth Bae had done something to deserve his 15-year sentence . On Wednesday , Bae 's family accused Rodman of "  playing games " with Bae 's life . Relatives and U.S. officials have insisted Bae committed no crime . "  There is no diplomacy , only games , and at my brother 's expense , " Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , said Wednesday in a prepared statement . Bae , described by family members as a devout Christian who ran a legal tour operation in North Korea , was sentenced to 15 years in prison in 2012 on charges that he planned an operation to topple North Korea 's government through religious activities . The regime also accused Bae of urging people to carry out "  hostile acts " against the state . The married father of three has suffered a series of health problems during his detention and has been transferred from a labor camp to a hospital . Bae from North Korean prison : Please help me Bae 's relatives say Rodman , who once urged Kim in a tweet to "  do me a solid and cut Kenneth Bae loose , " could have helped put pressure on the North Korean government to release him . Instead , she said he made the situation worse in his Tuesday CNN interview by intimating that Bae was guilty . "  Do you understand what he did in this country ? " Rodman asked Cuomo . "  No , no , no , you tell me , you tell me . Why is he held captive here in this country , why ? " Chung said Wednesday she was shocked by his statements . "  Dennis Rodman could do a lot of good by advocating for Kenneth to Kim Jong Un , but instead he has decided to hurl outrageous accusations at my brother , insinuating that Kenneth has done something sinister , " Chung said . ' A lot of showboating ' Rodman 's trip to North Korea is his fourth in the past year . Wednesday 's match took place at Pyongyang Indoor Stadium , according to Cokerell , whose company stages tours for Western visitors to North Korea . Rodman , NBA old-timers arrive in North Korea After Kim emerged to cheering crowds that for several minutes wished him long life -- ending only when the leader hushed them -- Rodman gave an impromptu speech , then he led the crowd in singing "  Happy Birthday " to Kim . Rodman 's squad and a North Korean team played two games , Cokerell said . The first featured his team in a 20-minute match in a loss against the North Korean squad . The second game pitted squads with Western and North Korean players on each team , he said . "  That game was actually much better ; there was a lot of showboating , showing off , alley-oops , slam-dunks and that sort of thing , " he said . Controversial friendship Rodman struck up a friendship with Kim in February , when he first traveled to North Korea with a team of Harlem Globetrotters for an exhibition game . He has since described Kim as a "  very good guy " and his friend . "  I love my friend , " Rodman said Tuesday in a reference to Kim . "  This is my friend . " Rodman has described his series of trips to North Korea as a "  basketball diplomacy " project and defended the latest trip in his interview with Cuomo , saying it was a "  great idea for the world . " Much of the rest of the world , however , has been less enthusiastic . Western governments and human rights groups have accused North Korea of human rights abuses , including arbitrary detentions and operating a network of labor camps -- including one to which Bae was reportedly sentenced before his health deteriorated . Kim is also believed to have led a purge that culminated in the execution of his uncle , who had been instrumental in leading the current leader to power after the death of his father . U.S. officials have taken pains to note that Rodman is on a private visit . On Tuesday , Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , also criticized Rodman 's comments . Richardson , a former New Mexico governor who has visited North Korea multiple times , said Rodman "  drank a little bit too much of the Kool-Aid from the North Koreans . " Charles D. Smith , a basketball player who accompanied Rodman on the trip , apologized for "  the storm that has been created by our presence . " But , he added , "  We 're not apologizing for doing what we do ... we 're connecting people to basketball and people to people . " When celebrity meets brutality NBA unimpressed The NBA also has distanced itself from Rodman 's trip . "  Dennis will be Dennis , but I think there is a lot at stake here in terms of a ... a very dangerous country , " outgoing NBA Commissioner David Stern said Tuesday on "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " The NBA has had preliminary discussions with Pyongyang about a cultural exchange , Stern said . But he said he would n't send any players to North Korea without White House approval . "  Sports diplomacy is a wonderful thing , " he said . "  But they should be done in a far more dignified fashion than this particular trip is being carried out . " North Korea : Reality vs. the world according to Rodman	Dennis Rodman leads a "  Happy Birthday " singalong with crowds at a Pyongyang stadium His "  basketball diplomacy " team loses to North Korean squad , state media reports "  It was , as you might imagine , a bizarre and unusual occasion , " a tour leader says Rodman angered many Tuesday by implying that a U.S. man held in North Korea is guilty
CNN  -- A German opera house forced to ditch its Holocaust-themed staging of a Wagner opera after it horrified the opening night audience said Friday that the decision to perform it only as a concert had gone down well with the public . The concert version of the production , featuring only the orchestra and singers , was performed at the Oper Am Rhein in Duesseldorf for the first time Thursday night . Scenes involving a Nazi-era firing squad and gas chamber during the Saturday premiere had left members of the audience reeling -- with some so badly affected that they needed medical help . Oper Am Rhein said Thursday that it had been aware from the outset that director Burkhard Kosminski 's modern production of Richard Wagner 's "  Tannhauser " was "  absolutely likely to arouse controversy . " But , it said , the effects had gone beyond controversy , with "  some scenes , especially the firing-squad sequence , which was staged with drastically realistic force " apparently proving an "  intolerable burden for numerous members of the audience , " both mentally and physically . As a result "  they were subsequently obliged to undergo medical treatment , " it said . After due consideration , the opera house said , "  we have come to the conclusion that we can not permit ourselves to undertake further responsibility for such an extreme effect caused by our artistic endeavors . " German newspaper Der Speigel said in its English-language version that the production depicted "  the character Tannhauser as a Nazi war criminal and it even included a gas chamber on stage . " In what was a particularly shocking scene , it said , "  nude actors are lowered to the floor on a cross made of glass cubes that are slowly filled with fog to represent the gas chambers . " A spokesman for Oper Am Rhein , Daniel Senzek , told CNN Friday that many people had appreciated the decision to stage the production as a concert only . The opera house has offered refunds for any ticket holders who want their money back . Some people have requested refunds for their tickets , Senzek said , but was unable to give exact numbers . Other people bought tickets especially to see the concert version of the performance Thursday , he added . Oper Am Rhein said it had tried to negotiate with Kosminski over his staging after the disastrous premiere but he refused to modify his concept "  for artistic reasons . " It added : "  Needless to say , we are obliged to respect the director 's insistence on the protection of his artistic liberty . " The production was supposed to explore Wagner 's anti-Semitism and the influence the composer would have on Nazi ideology , Der Spiegel said . Tannhauser , which had its world premiere in 1845 , is usually seen as a romantic work combining mythology and history .	The opera house restaged the show as a concert after opening-night complaints Some people were said to be so horrified by the premiere they needed medical help Shocking scenes in the opening show included a Nazi-era firing squad and gas chamber Director Burkhard Kosminski did not want to change the staging , the opera house said
CNN  -- Yahoo has joined the browser wars with Axis , its very own tool designed to enhance its search with a clear eye toward the rapidly expanding mobile Web . Axis , the company announced late Wednesday , is a stand-alone app currently available for Apple mobile devices like the iPhone and iPad and on desktops as an add-on to established browsers like Explorer , Firefox , Chrome and Safari . Yahoo special project director Ethan Batraski wrote on the company 's search blog that "  with a mobile-first focus , " the company "  set out to completely re-think and re-design how users search and browse the Web . " The result was Axis , a visual-rich tool that aims to combine searching and browsing into one experience . On mobile devices , a query returns thumbnail images of actual Web pages instead of a list of links . People can use the touchscreen to scroll and choose a page . Early reviews have been positive for the mobile version of the tool , which addresses the rising percentage of time Web users spend accessing the Internet on phones and tablets . "  Mobile is where the action is , so it makes sense that Yahoo threw the bulk of its development love into the tablet and smartphone versions , " wrote CNET 's Rafe Needleman . "  On the iPad , Axis is simply a great browser . The integrated search feature is intuitive , and being able to move through search results without having to go back to search makes sense . After only a few minutes using it I thought , Why has n't Google done this yet ? It 's that good . " A pull-down feature lets users flip back and forth between a Web page and their search results . It also features search bookmarking and integration with Pinterest . Users can also integrate Axis among multiple devices , saving a personal homepage and searches on phone , tablet and desktop computers . The tool 's main page also shows "  trending " searches at any given time . On the desktop version , Axis appears as a small search box in the bottom left corner of the browser window , allowing people to keep using whatever browser they like . The unveiling of Axis comes as Yahoo is trying to jockey for position among the big three of Web search -- Google , Microsoft 's Bing and Yahoo Search . Google controls about 64 % of the search market , according to March numbers from Experian Hitwise . Yahoo  which is powered by Bing  had about 16 % of the market , while Bing itself accounted for another 14 % . E.B. Boyd , of Fast Company , writes that the release of Axis marks a new charge in the browser wars , as all three companies work to revamp , and redefine , Web search . Boyd wrote : "  The three leaders in this space have each realized that the conventional paradigms for search , architected over a decade ago when bandwidth was low , few people used the Web for more than research , and almost all computing was done at desktops , no longer work in an age of mobile apps , multiple devices , big data , and ever greater expectation on the part of the consumer that working online is about getting things done , not just perusing documents . "	Yahoo launches Axis , a "  search browser " with a focus on mobile Axis returns search results as thumbnails of the actual Web pages Yahoo currently has about 16 % of the Web search market Google and Microsoft 's Bing also are working on innovations
CNN  -- I was walking down 125th Street in Harlem last week when my iPhone beeped to alert me that New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg had proposed saving obesity-prone urbanites from themselves by banning restaurant sales of large sugary sodas and teas . Nor was he taking any chances on a thumbs-down from New Yorkers . Instead of putting the measure to referendum , he is bypassing the vote to seek approval from the 11 members of the Board of Health , who are all his handpicked appointees . Knowing what I do about Bloomberg 's relationship with sugary drinks , I stopped , stunned . Is n't this the same man who made Snapple the official drink of New York , giving its sucrose-laden potions a monopoly in high school vending machines over the objections of the health-conscious ? But this whiff of hypocrisy is just one of the many problems with this proposition . Imposed bans and "  sin taxes " often have unintended consequences . For example , the high cigarette taxes that New York has imposed to discourage smoking while filling government coffers have instead driven cigarette sales underground -- as entrepreneurs buy untaxed cartons from Native American shops and other outlets , then sell them cheaply on the street . The tax-evading tobacco addicts are still smokers , but now they are criminals , too , as the state rakes in extra revenue , but citizen smokers realize no health benefits . This result may have been unintended , but it could hardly have been unforeseen : When Canada imposed even higher taxes on cigarettes , tobacco smuggling became an industry worth $ 1.5 billion  in Canadian dollars  as the enterprising stocked up in the U.S. Plying the waters of Lake Ontario after dark in boats laden with contraband cigarettes , freelance tobacco merchants became indistinguishable from the cocaine and marijuana smugglers with whom they shared the night . The moral ? Autocratically imposing public health measures rather than persuading people of their worth can easily backfire . Reducing the high intake of sugary drinks is a laudable goal , but should it be a priority , and if so , is this the best way to pursue it ? No , and no . Imposing an outright ban is less ethical than public health leadership that induces behavior change . Some public health experts have achieved such positive health behavior transformations very successfully indeed . As a visiting fellow at the Harvard School of Public Health 's Center For Health Communication in the early 1990s , I observed its masterful spearheading of the U.S. "  designated driver " campaign . Today , Americans expect the "  designated driver " to social events where alcohol is served will not drink , but 25 years ago , before Harvard 's "  The designated driver is the life of the party " campaign , this was not the case . Working with physicians , politicians , advocacy groups such as Mothers Against Drunk Driving and even Hollywood celebrities , the Harvard center engaged in "  social marketing " that sold people on the idea of a sober driver . The center also elevated social expectations around problems such as binge drinking and violence , not via punitive bans and "  sin taxes , " but by education and celebrity examples that helped to transform unhealthy activities into socially unacceptable activities . The ethical advantages of voluntary restraint over legislated behavior are clear . They can enhance a sense of community , and avoid the defiance that can sabotage well-meaning laws , such as tobacco taxes that spawn smuggling . Moreover , the force of law can have disproportionate effects on segments of society : In this case , the obese are more likely to be poor people of color who can least afford the premium they will end up paying for their supersize drinks . Autonomy is an important ethical value , especially for freedom-loving Americans , and it should be preserved whenever possible . People should be free to make their own choices , from the clinical trials they join to the food and drink they consume , without duress and unmolested by the state . Sometimes it is necessary to override free choice for the utilitarian "  greater good of the community . " For example , some vaccinations are necessary , as are inspections of day care centers and restaurants . Otherwise , the health of others could be seriously imperiled . But there are no parallel laws that compel diabetics or people in heart failure who prefer using natural herbs to take their medications . Such laws might save lives but would violate the person 's right to personal choice , however foolhardy it appears . Drinking oversize sodas falls into this category : The sugar-swiller is hurting no one but himself , and he should be persuaded , not compelled , to lay off . Bloomberg attempts to convince us that the sugar consumers are hurting others , feeding urgency by declaring that the city spends $ 4 billion a year on medical care for overweight people . It is certainly a significant figure , but it means little unless it is compared with the cost of care for people of normal weight and for those who are underweight . Some of the underweight also suffer from serious ailments that may raise their health care costs -- from anorexia to cancer to AIDS . Some studies even find that overweight people can be healthier than the underweight . As for me , I 'm still puzzling the question of the five-year $ 116 million marketing monopoly that Bloomberg gave Snapple . It failed to generate the anticipated income and fizzled out by 2009 , leaving one to wonder : "  Would sweetened ice tea still have been included in the ban if the contract with Snapple had proved more profitable ? " On June 1 , the very day after Bloomberg announced the soda ban , he championed supersize doses of sugar and fat when he proclaimed National Donut Day , posing with enormous doughnut props . Predictably , money changed hands as pastry maker Entenmann 's donated $ 25,000 to the Salvation Army . Surreal ? Yes . You ca n't make this stuff up -- as Bloomberg should note . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harriet A. Washington .	High-cigarette taxes have driven sales underground in New York , ethicist says Persuading people of public health measures ' worth may be a better way to go , she says Ethicist : Medical care costs for obese need to be compared with costs for underweight
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former U.S. Army soldier was charged Monday with attempting to travel to Somalia to join the terrorist group Al-Shabaab , according to the Justice Department . Craig Benedict Baxam , 24 , was arrested Friday at Baltimore-Washington International Airport as he returned from a failed effort to get to Somalia , authorities said . The Maryland resident had an initial court appearance Monday afternoon on the charge of attempting to provide material support to a terrorist group . The only time Baxam spoke during the hearing was to respond "  Yes " when the judge asked if he understood the charge against him and the possible penalty . Magistrate Judge William Connolly ordered that Baxam will remain in jail at least until he returns to court Wednesday for a detention hearing . According to a criminal complaint , Baxam departed the United States on December 20 en route to Kenya and tried to travel on to Somalia from there . He was arrested by Kenyan authorities on December 23 , on suspicion of terrorism . Baxam was interviewed twice by FBI agents while he was in Kenyan custody and allegedly told them he wanted to join Al-Shabaab , live under Sharia law and never intended to to leave Somalia . According to the criminal complaint , Baxam said he was "  looking for dying with a gun in my hand " and said he would be guaranteed a place in paradise . Prosecutors say Baxam secretly converted to Islam just days before leaving the Army in July . He joined the Army in 2007 and underwent eight months of advanced training for cryptology and intelligence , according to the government . After his training , Baxam was deployed to Baghdad and to South Korea where he separated from the service one month before the completion of his deployment . The court document does not explain how Baxam left the Army early . A law enforcement official said there is no information to suggest Baxam compromised any military information . "  Mr. Baxam was caught in Kenya before he reached Somalia , and there is no allegation that anyone assisted him , " said Rod Rosenstein , U.S. attorney for the District of Maryland . According to the criminal complaint , Baxam told the FBI he did n't have names of any contacts to reach out to in Somalia but that he "  trusted in Allah . " "  He was asked what he thought his role would be with Al-Shabaab to which he stated that he would just be another body there , " according to the court document . Prosecutors say Baxam cashed out his retirement savings account of a little over $ 3,600 dollars and purchased a round trip ticket to Kenya to avoid arousing suspicion . He allegedly planned to give Al-Shabaab some amount between $ 600 and $ 700 dollars as an offering upon his arrival , authorities said . "  FBI Special Agents in Africa , working alongside our Kenyan police partners , worked together to stop an individual who is now alleged to have been on his way to join a major terrorist group , " said Richard McFeely , the FBI agent in charge of the Baltimore office . "  This spirit of cooperation in fighting terrorism continues to transcend borders around the world . " If convicted of attempting to provide material support to terrorists , Baxam faces a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison followed by three years of supervised release . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	The man was arrested Friday as he returned to the United States Authorities say he had traveled to Kenya and was hoping to gon on to Somalia Prosecutors say he claimed he intended to join the terrorist group Al-Shabaab An official says there is no indication that any military information was compromised
CNN  It 's easy to forget that some of the world 's biggest corporations were not always that big . Many started small , with just one visionary person fueled by one innovative idea -- often working out of a garage , a shed or a backroom basement . Amazon began as an online bookstore run out of founder Jeff Bezos ' garage , before growing into the world 's largest online retailer . And technology-giant Apple started with Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak selling computers out of the same improbable abode . The humble beginnings of Amazon , Apple , and countless other companies in developed but also developing countries show that one visionary person fueled by one great idea can be a game-changer . When fighting climate change , that same spirit of entrepreneurship is vital . Governments have set a goal of limiting average global temperature rise to less than 2 degrees Celsius . Achieving this requires a move towards climate neutrality in the second half of the century . Innovation , entrepreneurship and vision are critically important elements to meeting this goal . The good news is that there are thousands of examples of entrepreneurs around the world who are finding a constantly expanding market for their solutions -- they are part of the United Nations Climate Change secretariat 's Momentum for Change initiative . Meet the Solar Queen of Southeast Asia Take Wandee Khunchornyakong in Thailand . She began her career by connecting rural villages with solar power . Khunchornyakong built a modest manufacturer of photovoltaic solar panels into a multi-million dollar industry , leading to the company 's public offering and her early retirement in 2007 . She spotted an opportunity and seized upon it . Observing regulatory changes in Thailand 's energy market , she visited the local authority to obtain more permits to build solar farms . The clerk she spoke to said : "  Please take more since no one else wants them . " This fed Khunchornyakong 's vision of sunny northeast Thailand as a global leader in large-scale solar energy . She leveraged funding from the International Finance Corporation toward her vision , building Thailand 's largest solar power generation company . Today , the Solar Power Company Group drives growth in the photovoltaic market across Southeast Asia . Recognizing leadership matters . In doing so , we inspire others to take similar entrepreneurial action . Khunchornyakong 's business is just one of 12 innovative climate solutions that the United Nations Climate Change secretariat will showcase at the upcoming round of climate talks beginning this week in Lima , Peru . In numbers Action on climate change has reached a tipping point . This past September , 400,000 people participated in the largest ever global protest calling for action on climate change . A few weeks ago , in an unprecedented series of announcements , 21 countries pledged a total of up to $ 9.6 billion to enable the world to move to a low-emission , climate-resilient future . Earlier , the United States and China likewise announced a historic agreement to reduce their emissions . The European Union committed to ambitious goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 40 % by 2030 . Over the next 15 years some $ 90 trillion will be invested in infrastructure globally -- greening this will require big , medium-sized , and small entrepreneurial companies . All great endeavors have humble beginnings . Somewhere in the world , there is an entrepreneur in a garage or a duka designing the next game-changing climate solution that offers yet another catalyst towards a healthier , greener and more secure world . Watch : The $ 50 million business built on hot air Insight : NASA 's chief 's big idea -- Humans on Mars	Christiana Figueres , UN Climate Change leader , gives her vision of the future Celebrates the small ideas which have potential to be green ` game-changers ' Opinion comes ahead of 2014 Climate Change Conference in Lima , Peru Praises Thai woman who built multimillion dollar solar panel business
CNN  Can this prince topple the king of world football 's governing body ? Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein has stepped forward to challenge Sepp Blatter for the FIFA presidency at May 's election . Blatter , 78 , is seeking a fifth consecutive term in office despite growing disillusion with the way the organization has been run during his tenure . The Swiss , who became president in 1998 , has not faced a credible challenger since taking office but will now find himself in the middle of a real battle . "  I am seeking the presidency of FIFA because I believe it is time to shift the focus away from administrative controversy and back to sport , " Prince Ali said in a statement . "  This was not an easy decision . It came after careful consideration and many discussions with respected FIFA colleagues over the last few months . "  The message I heard , over and over , was that it is time for a change . The world 's game deserves a world-class governing body -- an International Federation that is a service organization and a model of ethics , transparency and good governance . " FIFA has been been heavily criticized following allegations of corruption over its bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . Russia was awarded the 2018 World Cup and Qatar the event for 2022 . A FIFA investigation found no wrongdoing in the process . Prince Ali , 39 , is the third son of Jordan 's late King Hussein from his marriage to his third wife , Queen Alia . He was elected FIFA vice president representing Asia in 2011 . He also serves as the president of Jordan 's soccer governing body and is founder and president of the West Asia Football Federation . Prince Ali has played a key role in the promotion of women 's sport , securing Jordan 's position as hosts of the Women 's under-17 World Cup which is scheduled to take place next year . He also successfully campaigned to lift the ban on female Islamic players wearing headscarves during competition . The Asian Football Development Project , a non-profit organization , was created by Prince Ali in 2012 to encourage youth participation in football throughout the continent . It runs projects across Asia on empowering women within football , youth development and raising knowledge of the game . Prince Ali is believed to already have secured the backing of Michel Platini , the president of UEFA , Europe 's governing body . Platini is expected to examine the policies and manifesto of the Jordanian royal before recommending to the 54 members of Uefa that they back the candidate at the election on May 29 in Zurich . In a statement made on Tuesday , the Frenchman said : "  I know Prince Ali well . He has all the credibility required to hold high office . We now await his proposals and his program for the future of football . " But Prince Ali faces a more difficult challenge to secure support from his own region with a number of countries in the Asian Football Confederation likely to support his opponent . Speaking to reporters last November , Shaikh Salman bin Al Khalifa , head of the AFC , reiterated his confederation 's support for Blatter . "  We made it clear during the Brazil congress  in June  and even in the official nomination when President Blatter nominated himself and we all said that AFC is supporting of Sepp Blatter in the next election , " he told reporters last year . "  This is the decision by the congress and a decision by the exco . What I heard in the media is so far unofficial and I ca n't comment on that . All I can comment on about is the official stand where the AFC and the exco have made it clear . "  I 'm just focusing on what we have decided upon and agreed upon and I think that Jordan and Prince Ali were a part of that Congress . "  I think we made up our mind and we decided and that 's it . We are , lets say , a nation that we do n't change our minds . Once we commit and we give our word then we are committed . " One additional problem facing Prince Ali is that his own place on the executive committee could come under threat . According to a rule change implemented last June by the AFC , the head of the confederation , in this case Sheik Salman , will take the seat on the executive committee and the vice presidency too . To ensure he remains on the executive committee , Prince Ali will have to win one of Asia 's seats if he is to keep his place . Prince Ali will attend the Asia Cup in Australia which begins this week and is expected to be quizzed on his proposals and policies . But he remains adamant that any campaign should be about football and not the organization he is hoping to lead . "  The headlines should be about football , not about FIFA , " he said . "  FIFA exists to serve a sport which unites billions of people from all over the world , people of differing and divergent political , religious and social affiliations , who come together in their enjoyment of ` the world 's game . ' " Prince Ali joins Frenchman Jerome Champagne in announcing his intention to stand against Blatter . The cut off point for those wanting to contest the election is January 29 .	"  The headlines should be about football , not about FIFA , " says Prince Ali bin Al Hussein FIFA president Sepp Blatter wants to run for a fifth term Prince Ali only real credible challenger to Blatter Frenchman Jerome Champagne will also contest election
CNN  -- A day after a gunman opened fire at an Arizona supermarket , authorities released the emergency calls . The recordings , which were made public by the Pima County Sheriff 's Office on Sunday , paint a patchy picture of the scene just moments after the shooting that killed six people and wounded 14 , including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . Callers spoke with remarkable clarity given the chaos around them . Screams can be heard in the background as one male caller calmly tells another man , "  We got help coming . " The following information has been edited for brevity and to protect the names of the callers . Not all calls are included . 911 : 911 , where is your emergency ? Caller 1 : Mrs. Giffords ! 911 : Hello ? Hello ? Caller 1 : Oh , 911 . There was a shooting at Safeway ... where Gabrielle Giffords was . And I do believe Gabrielle Giffords was hit . 911 : At Safeway , sir ? Caller 1 : Yeah , Safeway . 911 : Was somebody shot then sir ? Caller 1 : Yes , it looked like the guy had a semiautomatic pistol and he went in . He just started firing . And then he ran . 911 : Which way did he run ? Caller 1 : He ran north past the Walgreens that 's right next to the Safeway . 911 : Can you describe him ? Caller 1 : He was wearing a hoodie . 911 : What color was the hoodie ? Caller 1 : It was black . 911 : What color were his pants ? Caller 1 : It looked like he was wearing blue jeans . And he was wearing a black sweater . 911 : Is anybody injured ? Did you say Gabrielle Giffords was hit ? Caller 1 : She 's hit . I do believe she 's breathing . She was breathing . She still has a pulse ... And we got one dead . 911 : And there 's other people that are injured ? Caller 1 : There was multiple people shot . 911 : Oh my God . 911 : 911 , are you reporting a shooting ? Caller 2 : Yes , I am . 911 : OK , did you witness anything ? Caller 2 : Yes I did . 911 : What did you witness ma'am ? Caller 2 : I witnessed ... gunshot and then I tried to duck down . I see the man that was caught shooting was held down by some other people . They took away his gun and they 're holding him down so he ca n't do anything else . 911 : OK , we do have deputies on the way . They 'll be there shortly . I need you to stay out of the way where you 're at right now and try to get anyone else to safety without getting yourself in any harm , OK ? Caller 2 : OK , yeah . I 'm in the Walgreens in the back so that way I feel like I 'm a little more safe . 911 : OK , well we have deputies on the way . Caller 2 : And are you sending lots of ambulances too ? 911 : Yes we are . 911 : Emergency dispatcher , what is the address ? Caller 3 : Um , our address is 7114 North Oracle Road . We need more than one ambulance . There is more than one person down . 911 : What happened there ? Caller 3 : A guy came to the Safeway and started shooting . I saw him . He was in a beanie and a hooded sweatshirt and jeans . 911 : We 've got that ... Ma'am , we do have the help on the way . How many people are injured there ? Caller 3 : We have a total of 10 people maybe more . Oh my God . 911 : We do have the help on the way , OK ma'am . Caller 3 : OK .	Callers are remarkably composed and speak clearly "  I do believe Gabrielle Giffords was hit , " says one "  We need more than one ambulance " says another Screams and moans can be heard in the background of one call
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- Heisman Trophy hopeful Jameis Winston did not have consensual sex with a student at Florida State University , despite claims to the contrary by the football player 's lawyer , the family of the accuser said Friday . "  To be clear , the victim did not consent . This was rape , " according to a statement released by the accuser 's family . The release of the statement came a day after Winston 's attorney , Tim Jansen , told reporters the sex was consensual and that his client 's DNA was found on the clothing of the woman , who nearly a year ago said she was raped . ESPN , which first reported the DNA development , said the Florida crime lab determined that the possibility it was someone else 's DNA would be one in 2.2 trillion . The case began in December when the woman , a student at the Tallahassee university , reported she had been sexually assaulted . A month later she accused Winston of the alleged rape . Prosecutor to ` get to the bottom ' of sex assault case The story became public when some media outlets put in public records requests for the alleged victim 's complaint . Tallahassee police have released a heavily redacted incident report documenting a sexual assault allegation in early December 2012 . Tallahassee Police Department Interim Chief Tom Coe told reporters this week that the accuser "  broke off contact " with them in February and did n't want to go forward with the case . The family of the woman has blasted the police investigation . The woman 's family has said a detective warned her attorney that Tallahassee is a "  big football town " and her life could be miserable if she pursued the case . Jansen , Winston 's attorney , said he believed the case was closed months ago . But Coe has said the case is still open . No one has been charged in the investigation , and state attorney Willie Meggs said his office has yet to interview the woman . He will meet with his staff Friday , he said , to determine their next steps . The family of the accuser has said they never leaked information about the case , a response to Jansen 's comment last week that the timing of the media discovering the case -- in the middle of the college football season -- was "  very suspect . " The Heisman Trophy is awarded each December to the player who voters believe is college football 's top player for the season . Winston has thrown for 28 touchdowns for the Seminoles , who are 10-0 and with three more wins could play in January for the national championship . Winston did n't play during the 2012 season but came to Florida State as one of the nation 's top quarterback recruits , according to recruiting rankings . Florida State has said university officials can not comment on an open investigation . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	A student at Florida State University has accused quarterback Jameis Winston of rape The family of the woman disputed claims by Winston 's attorney that it was consensual sex "  To be clear , the victim did not consent , " the woman 's family said
