CNN  -- Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky is giving people whiplash . In the last month , he has shifted , flip-flopped and pandered so strikingly on a range of positions and statements that it makes you wonder whether he has suddenly developed a deep disregard for his own convictions , or never had any to begin with . At the Urban League 's National Convention in Cincinnati in July , Paul expressed support for the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act and talked about the necessity of protecting the rights of minorities . Kudos to him for even showing up , not a usual move for Republicans . But we must hold him accountable for his past statements that private businesses had the right to deny service to anyone they wanted , something the Civil Rights Act specifically forbids . Last year when the Supreme Court struck down key provisions of the Voting Rights Act , Paul seemed to suggest it was n't necessary , since we had an "  African-American president . " Just a few days ago , in a flip-flop worthy of the International House of Pancakes , a straight faced Paul denied ever saying the United States should stop sending any military aid to Israel . Does he really think that little of American voters ? Let 's refresh the senator 's memory . In 2011 , Paul put forth a budget proposal that would have cut $ 500 billion from the federal budget and would have ended all foreign aid , including to Israel . He has since engaged in pretzel-like messaging maneuvers trying to rewrite history to fit reality -- one where a Republican candidate perceived as even the slightest bit anti-Israel can kiss any chance of the Republican presidential nomination good-bye . It gets better . Or at least more cringe-worthy . Paul has repeatedly said he is a huge proponent of immigration reform and understands how wrong his party has been on this issue . Frankly , this is one instance on which I have given Paul props for being on the right side of history , the American people and the long-term viability of his party with at least a glimmer of hope and an opening to start a conversation with Latino voters . That hope fizzled recently when first , Paul decided to go campaign for Rep. Steve King of Iowa , the most anti-immigrant/anti-immigration reform member of Congress . Then , in a grand gesture , a profile in courage , Paul could not have fled faster as Erika Andiola , an undocumented "  Dreamer " confronted King at an event , with Paul sitting right next to him . According to his staff , Paul left so abruptly because he was late for a media interview . Maybe . Or maybe , he did n't have the guts to reconcile his hypocritical pro-immigration reform statements with his support of someone like King . At least King , who stayed and spoke with the young woman , had the courage of his convictions , twisted as they are . Maybe there is something in the water in Iowa . Or something in the voters . Oh , yes , they get to decide presidential nominees . That must explain why Paul , in another rewrite of his record , said he did n't think anyone there wanted to ban birth control . This is a tad bit different from reality . Paul 's staff should remind him we can all do Internet searches for what our elected officials have said and done in the past . In 2013 , Paul introduced the personhood amendment that would not only have banned abortions but also would have in effect banned many forms of birth control , including some forms of the pill . Paul also supported the Blunt Amendment , which would have given employers an excuse to deny contraceptive health care coverage based on their conscience . When this was defeated in the Senate and the issue made its way to the Supreme Court in the form of the Hobby Lobby case , Paul praised the decision that lets employers deny such coverage on religious grounds . Every one of these flips underscores how the GOP has flopped in gaining traction with key demographics it will need to be competitive in a 2016 general election . This last one underscores how nervous Republicans are that even in the midterms , the ever-growing gender gap might be big enough to deny the "  Republican wave " the party is dreaming about -- and that would include taking over the Senate . As a strategist , I understand Paul 's  and his party 's  frustration and the need to try to bamboozle the public into thinking he supports something he has denied in the past , and sometimes vice versa . It 's very confusing . But as a woman and a Latina , a member of two key constituencies where Republicans desperately need to gain support if they are ever to see the inside of the Oval Office , I am offended . I can read . I can do research . This is not George Orwell 's "  1984 . " Paul does not get to rewrite history and pretend he is not doing so .	Maria Cardona : Rand Paul has been shifting positions so often , it could give you whiplash She says he 's talking now about minorities ' rights , but previous statements will haunt him She says he denies saying U.S. should stop aid to Israel . But he did . Voters can use Internet His moves on reproductive rights , immigration will alienate groups he needs , she says
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard Sunday continues its search for a missing sailor whose five Texas A&M University crew mates were hoisted out of the Gulf of Mexico earlier in the day after their sailboat capsized . Members of the Texas A&M Offshore Sailing Team are shown in this photo from the team 's Web site . The survivors -- four university students and a safety officer -- told the Coast Guard they were forced off their sailboat after it took on water and capsized . "  The flooding was so fast that the thing flipped over , " USGS Capt. William Diehl told CNN . The missing sailor has been identified by the university as Roger Stone , the vessel 's second safety officer . The sailboat , named Cynthia Woods , was one of about two dozen boats heading from Galveston , Texas , to Veracruz , Mexico , for the annual Veracruz Regatta race , which began on Friday . Diehl said the boat was well-stocked with safety equipment -- including emergency radio beacons , life rafts and ring buoys -- but the crew could only manage to find four life jackets after the boat tipped over . "  The survivors told us that -LSB- when -RSB- they went into the water , they had four life jackets among the five , and they huddled together and they exchanged the life jacket among them so that they could stay afloat , " Diehl said . Communication with the boat was lost about midnight Friday , and the boat missed its 8 a.m. radio check the next morning , the Coast Guard reported . A sailboat matching the description of the missing 38-foot boat was found overturned about 5:15 p.m. Saturday , authorities said . The five survivors were found several hours later , lifted to safety by a U.S. Coast Guard helicopter around 1 a.m. and taken to University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston for treatment . A Coast Guard spokeswoman could not say exactly where the survivors were rescued , but said the search was focused on an area about 10 miles south of Matagorda , Texas . Diehl said a Marine Corps C-130 , a Coast Guard cutter and a man-of-war naval vessel are searching for the missing crew member . All the mariners were experienced sailors , he said . "  They were very well trained , " Diehl said . "  Obviously -LSB- they were -RSB- the more senior cadets at the university here , and they had very experienced safety people on board . " When rescuers retrieved the capsized boat 's hull , Diehl said the keel was missing . "  That 's the part that keeps the sailboat balanced in the water , " he said . "  And from talking to the survivors this morning , that 's where the flooding started for them . " The 725-mile Veracruz regatta began on Friday and boats are expected to arrive in Veracruz on Wednesday and Thursday .	Coast Guard rescues five sailors reported missing ; search continues for sixth sailor Texas A&M sailboat was taking part in regatta from Galveston to Veracruz , Mexico Boat 's six-person crew missed 8 a.m. radio check Saturday Sailboat matching description found capsized , with no one in sight
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- New York Gov. David Paterson said Monday "  Saturday Night Live " went too far in its portrayal of the legally blind governor over the weekend . Fred Armisen , right , appears as New York Gov. David Paterson on "  Saturday Night Live " with Seth Meyers . "  SNL , " famous for mocking politicians and newsmakers , portrayed the governor in a four-minute "  Weekend Update " segment as confused and disoriented -- often looking in the wrong direction and mistakenly walking in front of the camera when it was not his turn to speak . The "  SNL " skit featured cast member Fred Armisen as the governor . It referred to cocaine use , with Armisen saying he became governor because of a "  sex scandal I was miraculously not at the center of . " "  Come on , I 'm a blind man who loves cocaine who was suddenly appointed governor of New York . My life is an actual plot from a Richard Pryor movie , " Armisen said in the skit . Watch Paterson say he can take a joke " Paterson became governor last spring after then-Gov . Eliot Spitzer was forced to resign amid a sex scandal . "  Now that -LSB- Alaska Gov. Sarah -RSB- Palin 's not around , they seem to have run out of material , " Paterson told reporters Monday . "  The idea of a person rolling around the stage in a chair , being disoriented , ca n't find anything , bumbling , in a sense looking like a clown is a way disabled people are portrayed all the time . "  The perception that disability equals inability to be responsible is totally wrong , " he added On Sunday , a spokeswoman for Paterson suggested the skit was offensive to all people with physical disabilities . Watch more on the "  SNL " skit " "  The governor engages in humor all the time , and he can certainly take a joke , " said Risa Heller , Paterson 's communications director . "  However , this particular ` Saturday Night Live ' skit unfortunately chose to ridicule people with physical disabilities and imply that disabled people are incapable of having jobs with serious responsibilities . "  The governor is sure that ` Saturday Night Live ' with all of its talent can find a way to be funny without being offensive . " The National Federation of the Blind also criticized the skit , calling it "  absolutely wrong " and an attack on all blind Americans . Paterson has said he is blind in his left eye and has limited vision in his right eye . He is the first legally blind man to be governor . The governor addressed the controversy Sunday night when reporters asked him about the skit , making a reference to a "  third-grade depiction , " according to The New York Times . "  There is only one way that people could have an unemployment rate that 's six times the national average -- it 's attitude , " he said . "  And I 'm afraid that the kind of third-grade depiction of individuals and the way they look and the way they move add to that negative environment . " But speaking to reporters Monday , the governor , who is known for his self-deprecating sense of humor , said he is more concerned with how other Americans with disabilities may view the skit . "  I do n't mind that they make fun of me , but I thought it was important to speak up for those who do n't have a voice and do n't have a job , " he said . "  SNL " has not responded to CNN 's request for comment . But the late-night sketch comedy show has a history of skewering politicians , sometimes with such precision that the show 's catch phrases have become more closely associated with politicians than the politicians ' own words . In the same episode Saturday night , a skit portrayed embattled Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in a cursed-filled testimony before a Senate panel , offering to sell senators Abraham Lincoln 's wedding ring . Earlier this year , the show saw some of its biggest ratings in recent seasons with Tina Fey 's portrayal of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and cast member Amy Poehler 's impersonation of Sen. Hillary Clinton . The show also has made light of Sen. John McCain 's age and Barack Obama 's association with controversial Chicago figures , including the Rev. Jeremiah Wright and former Weather Underground member Bill Ayers .	"  Saturday Night Live " skit portrays Gov. David Paterson as confused , disoriented Paterson , who is legally blind , became governor after Eliot Spitzer resigned Representative for Paterson says skit ridiculed people with physical disabilities "  Saturday Night Live " has a history of skewering politicians
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Four months before the Tiananmen crackdown in 1989 , a woman fired a gun in China 's National Art Gallery -- all in the name of art . Xiao Lu fired two shots at her installation on the opening day of the "  China/Avant-Garde Art Exhibition " in Beijing . Chinese authorities quickly responded . The show was temporarily closed . The artist and her boyfriend were apprehended but later released . Among the stunned onlookers was Beijing-based gallerist and Pekin Fine Arts founder Meg Maggio . "  The army and the armed police came in and we had to leave , but we did n't really understand what was going on , " she recalls . Twenty-four years on , the authorities ' reservations over performance art has not recovered . Wang Chunchen , a leading curator at China 's Central Academy of Fine Arts , says there is an unwritten rule against performance art in state-owned exhibitions . "  Performance art has become very sensitive , " says Wang . "  But  we need to have a general tolerance to this kind of expression . We need to build an open cultural policy . " Wang is tasked with building that policy as the curator of the China Pavilion at this year 's Venice Biennale . "  This year , the Ministry of Culture wants to show a good Chinese image . They are in charge of the Chinese Pavilion . They liked my proposal . " The theme of Wang 's proposal is "  transfiguration , " emphasizing a change in Chinese contemporary art in both practice and definition . His curated selection includes works of painting , video , mixed media and an installation by a non-artist -- a house , once torn down in Beijing , pieced back together and made anew for the Biennale . Wang says the Chinese Ministry of Culture gave him enough space to curate the China Pavilion , but with conditions : "  They gave me enough freedom , but they did give me some suggestions . For example , ` if this painting is too religious , let 's not put it in . ' " To be an officially recognized contemporary artist in China , you must stay on script and veer away from the politically taboo . Sensitive topics like the Tiananmen crackdown and the Falun Gong can not be touched as subject matter . Erotic subjects must not be depicted explicitly . "  And you can not paint any leader directly  as  a deformed figure , " adds Wang . "  Besides that , anything you can try . You can experiment . " Given such strict guidelines in a land known for censorship and government control , is there room for authenticity in Chinese contemporary art ? For Chinese activist/artist Ai Weiwei , the answer is surely no . In a recent op-ed for British newspaper the Guardian , Ai says outright that "  China 's art world does not exist . " "  In a society that restricts individual freedoms and violates human rights , anything that calls itself creative or independent is a pretence , " he writes . Despite a travel ban imposed on him by Beijing , Ai Weiwei 's work will be at the Venice Biennale -- but representing Germany . But to gallerists like Meg Maggio or Christie 's International Chairman of Asian Arts Jonathan Stone there is indeed a vibrant contemporary art scene in China -- not just despite the restrictions -- but because of them . "  It 's the sand in the oyster which creates the pearl , " says Stone . "  And I think that 's something which is rather exciting . " Maggio adds : "  There 's a certain level of struggle in contemporary art generally that makes things more exciting . A lot of Chinese artists would say if you 're an average middle class Western artist , life is too comfortable and things come easy to them : ` That 's not real contemporary art . ' " The Venice Biennale opens on June 1 . Visitors to the China Pavilion can decide for themselves if Wang 's "  transfigurative " show can manage to be both on script and on the cutting edge .	Chinese authorities are wary of performance art , partly due to an incident in 1989 An artist fired two shots at her installation ; she and her boyfriend were briefly detained Wang Chunchen is curating the Chinese Pavilion at this year 's Venice Biennale Taboo subjects must be avoided he says , like Tiananmen and overly explicit scenes
Health.com  -- Boys and young men who receive the human papillomavirus vaccine appear to be at reduced risk of contracting the virus and developing the genital warts associated with the common sexually transmitted disease , according to a large international study published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine . In an effort to prevent cervical cancer , which can be caused by HPV , public health officials have been encouraging young women to get vaccinated since the Food and Drug Administration approved the first HPV vaccine , Gardasil , in 2006 . The vaccine has been approved for boys and men since 2009 , but health officials and doctors have n't pushed it with the same urgency . "  Because the story started with cervical cancer , the studies started with females , " says the lead author of the study , Anna Giuliano , Ph.D. , of the H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Institute in Tampa , Florida . "  The study of HPV in men is a late bloomer . " Health.com : 12 vaccines your child needs Gardasil is given in a series of three injections . In the study , which included more than 4,000 sexually active males between the ages of 16 and 26 , roughly 0.5 percent of the boys and men who received all three shots developed genital warts during the subsequent 2 to 3 years . By contrast , about 2.8 percent of the study participants who received a placebo vaccine developed warts . The vaccine also reduced the risk of contracting an HPV that persists for at least six months , though not as dramatically . HPV can cause certain cancers of the anus and penis in men , although those diseases are far less common than cervical cancer in women . The study was designed and funded by Merck , the maker of Gardasil  also known as Silgard  . The National Institutes of Health also provided funding . Health.com : Top 10 myths about safe sex and sexual health An estimated 20 million Americans are currently infected with HPV . Symptoms are rare , however , so most people have the virus -- and pass it on -- without realizing it . "  Men are such a vital component of the whole prevention cycle when looking at HPV or any sexually transmitted infection , " says Demetrius Porche , a professor of nursing research and evaluation at the Louisiana State University School of Public Health in New Orleans . Vaccinating men provides a "  double benefit " in that fewer men with HPV will also mean that fewer women are exposed , adds Porche , who was not involved in the current study but has researched HPV in men . Health.com : What to do if your partner refuses to wear a condom Earlier this week , for the first time , theAmerican Academy of Pediatrics included the HPV vaccine on its list of recommended vaccines for boys . Porche and Giuliano also urge boys and men to get vaccinated . Most health insurance plans cover HPV vaccination for both males and females . If a child between the ages of 9 and 18 is underinsured , the federal program Vaccines for Children may be able to provide assistance . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	An estimated 20 million Americans are currently infected with HPV HPV can cause certain cancers of the anus and penis in men Because symptoms are rare , most people with the virus pass it on without realizing it
CNN  -- A young newlywed couple in northeastern Pakistan died a horrible death at the hands of the bride 's family in the latest honor killing in the nation , police in Pakistan said Saturday . The couple , identified as Sajjad Ahmed , 26 , and Muawia Bibi , 18 , were married by a Pakistani court on June 18 against the wishes of the Bibi family , Punjab police official Mohammad Ahsanullah told CNN . On Thursday , the bride 's father and uncles lured the couple back to the village of Satrah in Punjab province , where Ahsanullah said the pair were tied up and then decapitated . Despite the fact that there were no outside witnesses , family members turned themselves in to police and are now jailed in the Sialkot district of Punjab , Ahsanulluh said . Such killings often originate from tribal traditions in Pakistan and usually happen in rural areas . Human rights activists said bystanders , including police , do n't often interfere because the killings are considered to be family matters . According to the United Nations , some 5,000 women are murdered by family members in honor killings every year . However , women 's advocacy groups believe the crime is underreported and that the actual death toll from this all too common crime is actually much higher . In Pakistan , 869 women were victims of honor killings last year , according to the country 's human rights commission . Earlier in June , 18-year-old Saba Masqood was found left for dead inside of a sack in a canal in Pakistan , injured by gunfire . She accused her brother and father of shooting her because they did n't approve of her marriage to a neighbor . She survived , but many are n't so lucky . Last month , the death of a pregnant Pakistani woman made headlines around the world . Farzana Parveen , 25 , was attacked with bricks by about 20 people , including members of her immediate family , police said . And her husband , Mohammad Iqbal , told CNN that he had killed his first wife six years ago so he could marry Parveen . Pregnant Pakistani woman beaten to death with bricks I killed my first wife , stoned Pakistani woman 's husband says CNN 's Sophia Saifi and Deborah E. Bloom contributed to this report .	Newlyweds in Pakistan are killed by the bride 's family over opposition to the wedding Police say the couple was lured back to the bride 's village , tied up and beheaded Family members turned themselves in after the murders and are now jailed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Key Republicans on Capitol Hill blasted the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve on Wednesday for orchestrating an $ 85 billion bailout of insurance giant American International Group , and the White House for not informing them of the plan . Some lawmakers complained Wednesday they did n't know a bailout of AIG was in the works . Meanwhile , Democrats blamed the Bush administration for the financial crisis , while the White House pointed a finger at Congress . The criticism came a day after lawmakers were surprised by the news that taxpayers would again be called on to shore up a member of the struggling financial sector . "  Once again the Fed has put the taxpayers on the hook for billions of dollars to bail out an institution that put greed ahead of responsibility and used their good name to take risky bets that did not pay off , " said Sen. Jim Bunning , R-Kentucky , a member of the Senate Banking Committee . A spokesman for Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama , the top Republican on the committee , said the senator "  profoundly disagrees with the decision to use taxpayer dollars to bail out a private company " and is upset the government has sent an inconsistent message to the markets by bailing out AIG after it just refused to save investment bank Lehman Brothers from bankruptcy . "  The American taxpayer should not be asked to unwillingly assume the inordinate risks that financial experts knowingly undertook , particularly when taxpayer exposure is increased by the ad hoc manner in which these bailouts have been engineered , " said Shelby 's aide , Jonathan Graffeo . Watch how bailout affects taxpayers " Republican Rep. Roy Blunt of Missouri complained about not getting a heads-up about the bailout and said House Republicans are struggling to "  understand a coherent strategy " about which firms get rescued and which ones do n't . Rep. Adam Putman of Florida , the third-ranking Republican in the House , said the cost is "  unnerving " and called on the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve "  to dispatch an envoy to the Hill to bring members of Congress up to speed . " "  The communications lines are not operating efficiently , " he said . Late Wednesday , the White House agreed to send a top Bush economic adviser and an official from the Fed to brief House Republicans on Thursday , according to a House GOP aide . Meanwhile , congressional Democrats placed the blame for the crisis squarely on the Bush administration , arguing it failed to aggressively regulate the financial industry . "  The most recent bailout initiated by the Bush administration -- that of AIG -- is just another example that George Bush is a failed manager , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California . "  Because of the inattention , or a decision on their part to have crony capitalism in our country , Americans across the country are feeling the pain of this . " Pelosi said two House committees would investigate the recent bailouts "  to tell us how we can avoid this in the future , what went wrong here and also to look into this issue of fraud and mismanagement " at AIG . White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said Congress could have done more to head off the crisis . "  I think that Congress needs to take -- before they start throwing arrows -- take a little bit of time for some self-reflection , " she said . "  But also , why do n't we just set that aside for a minute and focus on the fact that we have a crisis that we 're trying to manage . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid -- who also complained that he did n't know a bailout of AIG was in the works -- said Congress wo n't change laws immediately to address the rapidly unfolding financial crisis because "  no one knows what to do . " "  We are in new territory here , " Reid added . "  You could ask -LSB- Federal Reserve Chairman Ben -RSB- Bernanke , you could ask -LSB- Treasury Secretary Henry -RSB- Paulson . They do n't know what to do , but they are trying to come up with ideas . " Reid said he will keep the Senate in session through the end of the year so committees can hold hearings and start writing legislation that he said could become law next year . "  It 's a multitrillion-dollar issue that 's facing America , and we ca n't do it in some timeline that is unrealistic , " Reid said . Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama on Thursday said the bailout plan must "  protect the families that count on insurance " from AIG . He also said the Federal Reserve should make sure the bailout plan protects well-paying jobs and helps Americans pay their bills . At a town hall meeting in Grand Rapids , Michigan , Republican candidates Sen. John McCain and Gov. Sarah Palin both called for reforming the financial markets "  in Wall Street and Washington , " as McCain put it . "  We 're going to reform how Wall Street does business and put an end to the greed that has driven our markets into chaos , " McCain said . "  We 'll put an end to multimillion-dollar payouts to CEOs who have broken the public trust . We 'll put an end to running Wall Street like a casino . We 'll make businesses work for the benefit of their shareholders and employees , and we 'll make sure your savings -- IRA , 401  k  and pension accounts -- are protected . " CNN 's Tom Foreman contributed to this report	Senate Banking Committee member : AIG "  put greed ahead of responsibility " House GOP aide : Top Bush economic adviser to brief House Republicans House Speaker Pelosi : Bailout shows President Bush is "  failed manager " Sen. Reid : No immediate law changes , because "  no one knows what to do "
Kosovo may not be recognized by the United Nations but the region has taken a giant leap towards acceptance in the soccer world thanks to FIFA 's decision to allow its national team to play in international matches . Football 's world governing body has given dispensation to Kosovo to participate in friendly games against its 208 member states after repeatedly blocking previous requests for recognition . Kosovo , which declared independence from Serbia in 2008 , is not a member of the United Nations -- despite being recognized by 90 countries -- or UEFA , which governs European football . It has been under U.N. administration and patrolled by NATO troops since a 1999 bombing campaign that halted a Serb-led campaign against Kosovo 's ethnic Albanian majority . FIFA president Sepp Blatter told the organization 's executive committee in Budapest that the decision would bring Kosovo into line with other Balkan countries and put it on the path to full membership . But the Football Association of Serbia  FSS  reacted angrily , posting a statement on its official website that spoke of the "  negative and harmful effects " the ruling could have . "  We strongly protest the decision by FIFA 's executive committee to allow the world soccer governing body 's members to play friendly matches with the so-called national team of the so-called Republic of Kosovo , " the FSS said . "  The decision made behind closed doors in Budapest without any consultations with either UEFA or the Serbian Football Association blatantly contravenes the FIFA statutes . "  Hence we will ask for an urgent meeting with FIFA President Sepp Blatter and his UEFA counterpart Michel Platini to demand a reverse of this unjustified decision which could have far-reaching consequences across the region . " But in reply , FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke invited the Serbian FA to a meeting at the ruling body 's headquarters in Zurich to discuss the ramifications . In a letter to Tomislav Karadzic , President of the FSS , Valcke said : "  We would like to stress that the FIFA Executive Committee made clear that such authorization does not constitute a step towards FIFA membership , which depends on other considerations . "  In particular , and according to both the current and draft statutes of FIFA , as long as  Football Federation of Kosovo  is not a member of UEFA it can not be a member of FIFA . The decision was intended purely to support the development of our sport . " Kosovo is recognized by the United Kingdom , the United States and Germany , as well as all its immediate neighbors apart from Serbia .	FIFA defends decision to permit Kosovo to participate in international matches Soccer 's governing body altered their long-held stance at meeting in Budapest Decision prompted an angry reaction from Serbia who want urgent clarification FIFA general secretary claims decision supports development of football
CNN  David Bowie 's single "  Changes " is coming out as a 7-inch picture disc , the latest limited-edition vinyl from the chameleon-like singer . According to Bowie 's website , the track will be released alongside a 7-inch vinyl version of "  Kingdom Come , " originally performed by Television front man Tom Verlaine and covered by Bowie for his 1980 album "  Scary Monsters  and Super Creeps  . " Though the song never reached the Top 40 , it has always been a fan favorite and one of his better-known tracks . "  Collectors of the 40th anniversary series of picture discs  which celebrate the original RCA releases of Bowie 's singles  , have long bemoaned the absence of Changes from the series on account of it being the first Bowie single on RCA , " Bowie 's website said in announcing the news . "  Changes " was first released on the 1971 album "  Hunky Dory , " which predated Bowie 's famous "  Ziggy Stardust " persona and a string of Top 10 hits in the 1970s and 1980s . The tracks will be released April 18 in honor of Record Store Day , a celebration of independent record stores begun in 2007 . Bowie 's last studio album , "  The Next Day , " was released in 2013 . The releases are part of the continuing renaissance for vinyl recordings , which have come back from near-obsolescence to claim record shares of music sales . In 2014 , vinyl LP sales increased 52 % and accounted for 6 % of all physical album sales , according to the Nielsen Music Report .	David Bowie 's 1971 hit "  Changes " will be released as a limited edition picture disc His 1980 cover of "  Kingdom Come " will also be released on 7-inch vinyl The releases are in honor of Record Store Day
CNN  -- Growing up , Joshua Paul Hawkins did n't have many role models . Hawkins lived in what he calls a "  very broken home " as a child in Las Vegas . His parents got divorced when he was 8 , and he described the atmosphere in the house as filled with "  anger and sadness . " However , he knew there was one thing he could count on : Batman . He felt a bit like a loner , just like the character of Bruce Wayne , whose alter ego Batman first appeared on newsstands in "  Detective Comics " # 27 on March 30 , 1939 , and would be reinvented through countless movies , TV shows and books for the next 75 years . Time Warner is the parent company of DC Comics , the same as CNN . Readers were captivated by the story of how Bruce , heir to a vast fortune , witnessed his parents ' murder at the hands of a mugger . As he grew older , Bruce was driven by vengeance and decided one night to take on the form of a bat to "  strike terror " in the hearts of criminals . "  Being a child that young and watching your parents split up is a very harrowing experience , " said Hawkins , now 26 and living in Seattle . "  And in my head , the only way I could make any sense of it was likening it to being like Bruce Wayne when he lost his parents to something senseless and tried to find something good to bring out of it . " Despite the chaos at home , he could always rely on the 1989 "  Batman " film making it all better . And after the 1992 animated series premiered , he came home every day , eagerly awaiting the show . "  It was a pure joy with me after every episode feeling inspired to keep going on the path I was going even if those around me did n't understand my way of doing things . " An inspiration to generations of people In the 75 years since it began , the character of Batman has inspired many fans , young and old , in some cases because of a strong identification with the character . Hawkins says he would have been a very different person if not for Batman , and that those emotions could have manifested themselves another way . He is a writer , creating stories that he hopes will inspire others just as Batman 's did . "  Had Batman not given me the compass of justice , I may have been nothing more than a punk kid who bullied kids for how they looked or what they did or for whatever I fancied at the time , " he said . "  I would n't have gotten such good grades because I would n't have cared about school . And I may have even fallen into that dark place of feeling so angry and taking an unsavory means of trying to end what plagued me . " There is truly something universal to how people identify with Batman , said producer Michael Uslan , who has been involved in every "  Batman " movie since 1989 . Uslan describes Batman 's superpower as "  his humanity " : "  When you see a young boy whose parents are murdered before his eyes ... he sacrifices his childhood in the belief that one person can make a difference , that he will get all the bad guys even if he has to walk through hell for the rest of his life , " he explained . "  That is an origin story that not only transcends borders but transcends cultures . " "  Batman " comic book writer Scott Snyder put it this way : "  He suffers a tragedy as a boy , and uses that tragedy as motivation to become a hero capable of preventing the same thing from happening to another child in Gotham City . There 's something deeply inspiring in that . " Young people identify with the Caped Crusader Andrea Letamendi , Ph.D. , a clinical psychologist and scientist , has studied Batman for years and notes that many young people can identify with his problems . "  Nearly three-quarters of youths have been exposed to at least one trauma by the time they hit adolescence , " she said . "  Childhood resiliency is also quite impressive -- only a fraction of youths who experience traumatic stress actually develop long-lasting mental health problems . We do n't all put on a cape and cowl , but we are amazingly strong in the face of adversity . " Feelings of isolation and intense loneliness have plagued retail worker Dusty Lane for his whole life . The Nashville resident said he often keeps people at a distance and has problems letting them get close . He finds himself deep in thought on many occasions , much like Bruce Wayne , but he also channels it into something positive . "  He 's encouraged me to become a deep thinker , sharpen my wits , and truly believe in strong moral principles , " Lane said . He remembers a dramatic scene from the 1990s "  Batman " animated series in which Robin confronts his parents ' killer and attempts to kill him . Batman tells him not to let his emotions get the best of him . "  Before I ever make a decision out of anger that I would come to regret , I always hear that voice in the back of my head saying ` You ca n't let your emotions get the best of you . ' " Lane firmly believes that role models can have a major influence over how one lives their life , and he says he picked the right one in Batman . ` Batman helped me find my voice ' Eli Vizcaino 's problems growing up were quite different , but Batman helped him as well . He grew up with a speech impediment . As a child , he had to practice with a speech therapist in the mornings , then practiced reading in the afternoons after school . Once he opened up a Batman comic book , he immediately became a fan and became more interested in reading out loud . "  Batman helped me find my voice , " he said . The character continued to be a big part of Vizcaino 's life when he would move to different parts of the United States and switch schools . "  During these periods of transition , I would always have a period of intense loneliness before I would make friends and during this time , Batman would be there to help through that time , " said the Austin , Texas , resident . It 's no wonder that children battling adversity -- such as cancer survivor Miles Scott , who got to be "  Batkid " in San Francisco in November as part of his Make-a-wish project -- see the brave and fearless Batman as their favorite hero . "  Batman turns weakness into strength , " said Travis Langley , a professor of psychology at Henderson State University in Arkansas and a fellow Bat-fan . "  Bruce Wayne took his own childhood fears and made something better out of them . " Hawkins could not agree more . "  Batman really touched me . He inspired me . He helped me . And to this day I have a sense of justice and decency . "	Batman celebrates his 75th birthday on Sunday Fans of the character can identify with his humanity and overcoming trauma to do good Joshua Paul Hawkins dealt with growing up in a broken home through emulating Batman Fans shared their stories of identifying with Batman through CNN iReport
Mental Floss  -- Which late night TV personality co-wrote "  It 's Raining Men " ? Who came up with the State Farm jingle before hitting the big time ? And who was the kid lit superstar who penned Johnny Cash 's "  A Boy Named Sue " ? Here are the surprising names behind 10 famous creations . 1 . "  Respect "  Otis Redding You have to respect Aretha Franklin 's pipes , but she did n't pen her signature song . Crooner Otis Redding wrote the tune as a bluesy plea to a woman for his third record , 1965 's soulful Otis Blue . Redding released the song as a single , and it even reached the top five on Billboard 's R&B chart and number 35 on the Pop Singles Chart . While Redding 's version is pretty great , the song did n't achieve immortality until Franklin recorded her chart-topping 1967 cover . The first time Redding heard Franklin 's cover , he simply said , "  She done took my song . " Mental Floss : 10 unexpected Secret Service duties 2 . "  Like a good neighbor , State Farm is there ! "  Barry Manilow Before Barry Manilow became a star , he put his Juilliard education to use by writing advertising jingles . In addition to the enduring State Farm jingle , he also cranked out "  I 'm stuck on Band-Aid , ` cuz Band-Aid 's stuck on me ! " Mental Floss : How to tweet yourself out of a job 3 . "  A Boy Named Sue "  Shel Silverstein Johnny Cash 's beloved tune came from a surprising source : poet Shel Silverstein . Although Silverstein is best remembered for his children 's poetry , he also penned songs for stars like Loretta Lynn , wrote plays and was a mainstay at the Playboy Mansion . Mental Floss : Silverstein 's unlikely rise to kid lit superstardom 4 . Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights  Peter Sagal Did you watch "  Dirty Dancing 's " futile attempts at putting Baby in a corner and think , "  This film feels incomplete . What we need is a prequel . Not just any prequel , though . One set in Havana ! " ? Apparently someone did . When producers decided to film a sequel for a 2004 release , they did n't just crank out a fresh story , though . Instead , they reworked a screenplay that NPR 's Peter Sagal , the host of "  Wait , Wait ... Do n't Tell Me ! " had written in the early 1990s . Sagal 's original screenplay dealt with the true story of a young American girl who witnessed the Cuban revolution , but the version that made it to the screen sucked out all of the politics and replaced them with dancing . As you might have guessed , the film was a flop , but even though not a single line of Sagal 's dialogue made it to the screen , he got a story credit . 5 . "  It 's Raining Men "  Paul Shaffer Believe it or not , the Weather Girls did n't write all their own material . Stalwart songwriter Paul Jabara and David Letterman 's bandleader , Paul Shaffer , actually co-wrote the number-one dance hit . In a 2009 interview with USA Today , Shaffer quipped , "  You 've got to be a really straight man to write a song like ` It 's Raining Men . ' " Mental Floss : Nancy Reagan and Mr. T  as Santa ! 6 . The Monroe Doctrine  John Quincy Adams John Quincy Adams wrote the Monroe Doctrine while working as Secretary of State under James Monroe in 1823 . The concept that any further acts of colonization or meddling by European powers in the Western Hemisphere would be viewed as acts of aggression against the U.S. helped shape American foreign policy through the Cold War , but few people remember Adams ' contribution . Since Monroe introduced the doctrine during one of his State of the Union addresses , it bears his name . Amazing Found Photos of Life During Wartime 7 . "  Gettin ' Jiggy wit It "  Nas It 's a good thing Nas has hip-hop street cred to burn , because he co-wrote Will Smith 's 1998 dance single "  Gettin ' Jiggy wit It . " Smith 's track may not make anyone forget Nas ' Illmatic album , but it did spend two weeks atop the Billboard charts . 8 . "  Never Learn Not to Love "  Charles Manson This Beach Boys track , a cut from their 1969 album 20/20 , would probably have been doomed to obscurity if not for its backstory . In 1968 Beach Boys drummer Dennis Wilson was pals with an eccentric struggling singer-songwriter named Charles Manson . Yep , that Charles Manson . Manson gave Wilson a song called "  Cease to Exist , " and Wilson retooled the lyrics and the melody to create "  Never Learn Not to Love . " 9 . "  Me and Bobby McGee "  Kris Kristofferson Janis Joplin 's signature song was actually the result of another great songwriter 's struggles . In the mid-1960s , Kris Kristofferson was desperately trying to make it as a songwriter , but he was stuck working as a helicopter pilot for oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico . He banged out a tune about how liberating it felt to have nothing left to lose , and his star began to rise . Country singer Roger Miller and folk rocker Gordon Lightfoot both scored minor hits with the song , but it did n't become a smash until Joplin recorded her own cover , which was part of her posthumously released Pearl  1971  . Mental Floss : 13 bizarre stipulations in wills 10 . "  Islands in the Stream "  The Bee Gees This chart-topping duet for Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton came from the minds of disco icons . The Bee Gees originally wrote the song as an R&B track -- various rumors postulate that it was written with either Marvin Gaye or Diana Ross in mind -- but handed it over to Rogers instead . Smart move : the song topped the country and pop charts , went double platinum , and was the best-selling single of 1983 . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Unexpected names are behind some classic songs and works One Beach Boys song includes retooled lyrics by Charles Manson "  Respect , " made famous by Aretha Franklin , was written by Otis Redding
CNN  -- In the new trailer for "  Mad Max : Fury Road , " the world is almost out of water , everyone 's gone out of their mind -- and it all looks amazing . The fourth installment in George Miller 's post-apocalyptic series , "  Mad Max : Fury Road " stars Tom Hardy in Mel Gibson 's old role of Max Rockatansky , a man living in a world that is nothing but "  fire and blood . " Hoping to find a way to exist in the midst of insanity , he finds a partner in Charlize Theron 's Imperator Furiosa , who has no time for coddling . "  Out here , everything hurts , " Theron 's fierce character says in the clip . "  You want to get through this ? Do as I say . Now pick up what you can and run . " Between those bits of well-chosen dialogue , clever editing and a soaring score , even those who 've missed out on Miller 's prior "  Mad Max " movies will be curious to see what "  Fury Road 's " all about come May 15 , 2015 . If apocalypse and mayhem just is n't your flavor , there 's another , gentler movie arriving around the same time : Disney-Pixar 's "  Inside Out . " The animated movie takes us inside the emotional center of an adolescent girl named Riley in the middle of a major transition as her family relocates from the Midwest to San Francisco . Stars like Amy Poehler , Mindy Kaling , Bill Hader and Lewis Black provide the voices of Riley 's turbulent emotions , bringing life to feelings like Joy  Poehler  , Fear  Hader  , Anger  Black  and Disgust  Kaling . But as the latest trailer for "  Inside Out " shows , it 's not just young Riley whose emotions will be the center of attention -- we 'll get to see inside her parents ' heads , too . "  Inside Out " opens on June 19 , 2015 . Long before either "  Fury Road " or "  Inside Out " make their appearances , though , Rob Corddry , Clark Duke and Craig Robinson will be back with the sequel to 2010 's comedy "  Hot Tub Time Machine . " This time around , the trio find themselves shuttling off into the future -- 2025 , to be exact -- where they learn that their lives take a downward turn . But in an attempt to fix the problems before they start the trio accidentally cause another crisis , as seen in the movie 's new trailer .  Warning : There 's some crude and potentially offensive humor in this clip . "  Hot Tub Time Machine 2 " opens February 20 , 2015 .	A new trailer for "  Mad Max : Fury Road " premiered this week It was followed by clips for "  Inside Out " and "  Hot Tub Time Machine 2 " All three films will open in theaters in 2015
World leaders at the G20 summit have agreed to a series of measures aimed at boosting the global economy by more than $ 2 trillion . The plans , if they 're fully put into action , would lift the combined gross domestic product of G20 nations by an extra 2.1 % by 2018 , a communique from the summit said on Sunday . "  We can do more for our people and the wider world when we work together , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , who hosted the summit , told journalists . The G20 is a group of the biggest advanced and emerging economies on the planet , accounting for two-thirds of the world 's population , 85 % of global gross domestic product . ` Millions of jobs ' The action plan from the summit , held this weekend in the city of Brisbane , contains more than 800 separate reform measures , Abbott said . The strategies include "  major investment initiatives , including actions to strengthen public investment and improve our domestic investment and financing climate , " according to the communique . But international leaders agreeing to do something is one thing , actually putting it into action is another . "  We will do everything we humanly can to make them happen , " Abbott said of the measures , which are specific to each member country . The International Monetary Fund and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development "  will be regularly reviewing our progress to achieving these measures to keep us accountable , " he said . If all of it is successfully put into practice , the overall package will "  add more than $ 2 trillion to the global economy and create millions of jobs , " the communique said . Climate change commitment The statement also voiced support for "  strong and effective action to address climate change . " G20 members said they agreed to work to successfully adopt a measure "  with legal force " under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change . The deadline is a major conference in Paris next year . That commitment follows the historic climate change deal announced last week by the United States and China , the world 's two largest emitters of greenhouse gases . "  There was a lot of pressure here in Brisbane that the G20 follow through , continue the momentum about climate change , " said CNN 's Andrew Stevens . Under the U.S.-China agreement , the United States would cut its 2005 level of carbon emissions by 26-28 % before the year 2025 . China would peak its carbon emissions by 2030 and will also aim to get 20 % of its energy from zero-carbon emission sources by the same year . Obama : Success President Obama who spoke to journalists after Abbott , commended the summit for its work but also took the opportunity to wrap up his entire trip to Asia with a few words of self-praise . "  From trade to climate change to the fight against Ebola , this was a strong week for American leadership , the result will be more jobs for the American people , historic steps towards a cleaner and healthier planet , and progress towards saving lives not just in West Africa but eventually in other places , " he said . "  If you ask me I 'd say that 's a pretty good week . " The trip contrasts with the political reality Obama faces in Washington , after his party suffered heavily in the midterm elections this month . Obama said of his Asian trip that he planned to "  build on that momentum " after his return to Washington .	G20 : The planned measures would lift the combined GDP of G20 nations by 2.1 % If fully implemented , the raft of policies will create millions of jobs , a communique says Australian Prime Minister : "  We will do everything we humanly can to make them happen " G20 nations also agree to work to adopt a measure with "  legal force " on climate change
CNN  -- The United States is no longer in the running to host soccer 's 2018 World Cup after its bid committee decided to withdraw from contention and focus on hosting the 2022 tournament instead . The USA Bid Committee announced on Friday it had made the decision after "  several months of careful deliberation " following meetings with the sport 's world ruling body FIFA and Europe 's controlling organization UEFA . The withdrawal leaves just four candidates for the 2018 tournament -- all of them from Europe . England and Russia face competition from dual bids comprised of Spain/Portugal and Belgium/Netherlands . The U.S. will be up against Australia , Japan , South Korea and Qatar as it seeks to host soccer 's showpiece event for the second time , having staged it in 1994 . Because the tournament can not be held on the same continent twice in succession , that means none of the 2018 bids can now target 2022 , and vice versa . "  For some time we have been in conversations with FIFA and UEFA about the possibility of focusing only on the 2022 bidding process , an option we have made reference to many times , " bid chairman Sunil Gulati , also the president of U.S. Soccer , said in a statement . "  We are confident this is in the best interests of the USA Bid . We wanted to make the announcement now -- still 48 days before the final decision -- in order to make our intentions clear during the last part of our campaign . " FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke welcomed the decision , saying it made sense given the location of the four other 2018 candidates . "  We have had an open and constructive dialogue with the USA Bid for some time now , after it became apparent that there was a growing movement to stage the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Europe , " he said . "  The announcement by the USA Bid to focus solely on the 2022 FIFA World Cup is therefore a welcome gesture which is much appreciated by FIFA . " FIFA 's Switzerland-based executive committee will meet in Zurich on October 28-29 to further discuss the final voting process ahead of the December 2 decision on both tournaments .	U.S. decides to focus on its bid to win right to host the 2022 World Cup American withdrawal from 2018 bid leaves only four candidates , all from Europe U.S. will compete with Australia , Japan , South Korea and Qatar for 2022 rights It first hosted soccer 's showpiece tournament in 1994 , and has not done so since
CNN  On an early February morning almost 25 years ago , a bleeding 12-year-old Melissa Repass somehow summoned the courage and wherewithal to call 911 after she and six others were shot execution-style at a New Mexico bowling alley . Repass and 13-year-old Amy Hauser had arrived at the Las Cruces Bowl early that day to work at the bowling alley 's day care . As Repass ' mother dropped her off , two armed men took Hauser , Repass and her mother to a back room where the safe was located . The bowling alley 's cook was also forced into the room . Shortly afterward , another employee -- Steven Teran , 26 -- and his two young daughters arrived at the bowling alley and were confronted by one of the suspects , who pushed them into the room with the others , police said . There , the armed men were able to get into the safe and took the $ 5,000 in cash inside . After stashing the money , the men shot all seven victims at point-blank range and set fire to the office , apparently hoping to destroy evidence , police said . Then , they fled . Repass , who was critically injured , managed to find a phone and dial 911 . Police arrived shortly thereafter to find all seven victims in the office as the fire continued to grow . Repass , her mother and the cook were the only ones who survived . As the 25th anniversary of the brutal murders comes on February 10 , the suspects still have not been brought to justice . Las Cruces police investigators updated sketches of the men back in 2005 to reflect 15 years of aging , but still have n't had any significant leads . Police Chief Jaime Montoya said his officers still "  aggressively follow new leads as they come in " but they 're continuing to ask for the public 's help in finding the men . "  It 's amazing that even 25 years later , we still receive tips . Usually around the anniversary of the event , they come in , and as they come in we actively pursue them , " Det. Amador Martinez told CNN . Today , the older suspect would be in his late 50s or early 60s , authorities say . The younger man would be in his late 40s or in his early 50s . Police say they believe both men are Hispanic with dark complexions . "  It remains our intention to solve this case for the sake of the victims , their families and friends , and all the residents of Las Cruces who continue to mourn the senseless tragedy that shook our city , " Montoya said in a statement . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this story .	Police hope 25th anniversary of gruesome Las Cruces murders brings new information Four people were killed , including three children , authorities say Suspects have never been found
The girls sit quietly on the ground , dressed in traditional Islamic garb , barely moving , clearly scared . "  Praise be to Allah , the lord of the world , " they chant . The video , released by French news agency Agence France-Presse , purports to show about 100 of the 276 girls kidnapped by Boko Haram fighters nearly a month ago . It 's the first time they 've been seen since their abduction April 14 . In separate shots included in the 27-minute video , a man says he will release the girls only after imprisoned members of Boko Haram are freed , according to AFP . The man identifies himself as Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau . Nigerian officials disputed that claim on Monday , arguing that Shekau is dead . Other experts say the notorious terror group leader is still alive . Whoever the man in the video is , Nigeria 's interior minister said , the country is n't interested in negotiating a swap anyway , according to AFP . But at a later briefing , the director of the National Orientation Agency , a government information ministry , said negotiations could be an option when it comes to rescuing the kidnapped girls . When asked whether all options were on the table , agency Director Mike Omeri said yes . "  The government of Nigeria will continue to explore all options for the release and safe return of our girls back to their respective homes , " Omeri told CNN . The road to Boko Haram 's heartland Experts reviewing video If authentic , the video released Monday is the first glimpse of the girls since Boko Haram fighters snatched them from a boarding school in the northern Nigerian town of Chibok . A senior administration official told CNN that U.S. officials have no reason to question its authenticity . "  Our intelligence experts are combing over every detail of the video for clues that might help in the ongoing efforts  to  secure the release of the girls , " the official said . The abductions have resulted in worldwide outrage directed at the terror group and an influx of Western counterterrorism and law enforcement experts to help Nigeria fight it . Filmed in a nondescript clearing surrounded by scrub and trees , the girls appear dressed in gray or black veils . Many look nervous or under duress . In one shot , a girl almost whispers a line from the Quran . In separate shots filmed against a green backdrop , the man who claims to be Shekau says the girls -- who come from a Christian stronghold -- have converted to Islam . He appears to open a window to the possibility of negotiating a swap : the girls for Boko Haram prisoners held by Nigeria . "  By Allah , these girls will not leave our hands until you release our brothers in your prison , " he said . "  You took our brothers four or five years ago , and now they are in your prisons . You do many things , and now you talk of these girls . We will not let them go until you release our brothers . " But he also says he still plans to sell them into slavery . A reason for optimism ? Some observers took the video as encouraging . Not only would it prove that at least some girls are alive and unharmed , said retired U.S. Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN military analyst , it also gives intelligence analysts something with which to work . Nigerian government officials also took notice . The governor of the state where Chibok is located , Borno , ordered officials to distribute the video to parents to help identify the girls . Gov. Kashim Shettima "  views the development as encouraging , especially given the fact that some of the girls said they were not harmed , " his office said in a statement . "  The governor hopes that the girls did not speak under duress . " Despite the optimism , Marks said it will still be painfully difficult to find and rescue the girls after a month in the terror group 's custody . "  We have to lower our expectations , sadly , as to what we think this result and outcome is going to look like , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " A daring escape A CNN team made the dangerous journey to Chibok to gather firsthand accounts of the abductions . Before the gun-wielding Islamist militants rode into town , residents said they got cell phone calls that the feared extremist group was on the way . Family and friends from surrounding villages told them of a convoy of cargo trucks , pickups and motorcycles . Residents said they passed along warnings to local authorities that night . Police called for reinforcements , but none came . Everyone , including police , fled into the bush . But the girls remained asleep in their dorms . CNN 's Nima Elbagir toured the school , gutted by militants as they fled , and spoke with one of the girls who managed to escape Boko Haram fighters that night . The girl told Elbagir how she made a dash for freedom after militants loaded them into trucks and drove them into the nearby Sambisa Forest . "  We ran into the bush , " she said of her escape with two others . "  We ran and we ran . " Lost and terrified , she said , they later ran toward flames they presumed were rising from a building set ablaze by the militants in their hometown . The escapees were lucky . The missing girls probably have been separated and taken out of the country by now , officials said . "  The search must be in Niger , Cameroon and Chad , to see if we can find information , " said Gordon Brown , the former UK prime minister and a U.N. special envoy for global education . But Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan said he believes the girls are still in the forest where the militants disappeared shortly after their capture . Who 's the man in the video ? Government officials disputed Monday that the man in the video with the girls is Shekau . Security forces have confirmed and are sure Shekau is dead , said Marilyn Ogar , deputy director of State Security Services in Nigeria . "  So whoever is speaking as Abubakar Shekau is not Abubakar Shekau . " The same man appears in Boko Haram videos claiming to be Shekau at least as far back as August . And at least one expert doubted Ogar 's claim . Jacob Zenn , an expert on Boko Haram at the Jamestown Foundation , a policy center based in Washington , said he is skeptical of the Nigerian claim unless it can be backed up with hard evidence . He said Nigerian authorities have said Shekau was dead several times , only for him to resurface and for the Nigerian military subsequently to acknowledge that he was alive . "  The two recent videos after the abduction of the girls look similar to most of the images , voice and mannerisms of Shekau in almost all Boko Haram videos , including videos when he was a local imam in northeastern Nigeria before 2010 , " Zenn said . If the government 's assertion turns out to be untrue , it would n't be the first time it has been wrong about the terror group since the girls ' abductions . Early in their disappearance , government officials said many of the girls had been recovered -- news that , sadly , turned out to be incorrect . Global search effort While experts analyze the video , the international effort to find the girls is gaining steam . U.S. and British officials are in the capital of Abuja to help look for the girls , plan rescue missions and advise on ways to quash the terror group . The United States is providing manned Defense Department aerial surveillance planes over Nigerian territory and sharing commercial satellite images with Nigeria as part of efforts to find the girls , two senior Obama administration officials told CNN 's Elise Labott on Monday . China and France are also helping in the search . Israel plans to send a team of counterterrorism experts to help , Jonathan 's office said Sunday . The United States has said it has no plans to send combat troops . The U.S. team is working to help the Nigerian military plan operations and boost its capacity , providing investigation and intelligence support , advising on hostage negotiations and other issues , a senior State Department official told Labott . Why did help arrive so late ? The United States offered assistance immediately after the mass abductions , but Nigeria turned it down until it became apparent that the situation needed a greater response , senior U.S. State Department officials told CNN . Last week Secretary of State John Kerry said that the United States has been engaged since Day One . An explosive report Friday accused military commanders of knowing the terror group was headed to the school at least four hours in advance . However , the report said , they were unable to raise enough troops to respond . The findings by human rights group Amnesty International mirror accounts by parents and villagers , who described to CNN an ineffective military response in the days and weeks after the abductions . Nigeria 's information and defense ministries disputed the report . The moment the Nigerian government heard of the kidnappings , "  we went in to action , " Information Minister Labaran Maku said . "  We should n't turn this into a trial of the Nigerian government . " CNN Exclusive : Nigerian girl who escaped Boko Haram says she still feels afraid Playing dead allowed him to survive massacre Opinion : What gives Boko Haram its strength ?	The United States sends surveillance planes , satellite images to help search All options are on the table to gain release of abducted girls , official says The comments come after Boko Haram video claims to show some of the girls Man thought to be Boko Haram leader says he 'll exchange the girls for prisoners
Sydney  CNN  -- Australia 's Qantas Airways said Tuesday its flights are back to normal after a government labor board ordered it to end a dispute with its unions that grounded the airline over the weekend . "  Qantas sincerely regrets the impact on customers of industrial action over recent months and looks forward to a rapid recovery and period of stability , " the airline said in a statement . Most international passengers were accommodated on flights Monday and overnight , while the backlog of domestic passengers is expected to be cleared by early Tuesday afternoon , said Qantas , which resumed flights on Monday . The first planes to depart were an international flight from Sydney to Jakarta and a domestic route from Melbourne to Sydney . Some 100,000 passengers were affected by the groundings , said Kira Reed , an airline representative . Labor relations tribunal Fair Work Australia ordered an end to the labor dispute "  to avoid significant damage to the tourism industry " after Qantas grounded its jets Saturday afternoon . The airline grounded 447 flights and , ahead of the order to end the dispute , had announced it would lock out its unionized pilots ; engineers ; and ramp , baggage and catering crews effective Monday evening . The dispute with the unions has dragged on for 14 months , the labor board said . Qantas argued that the unions ' demands would leave the airline "  seriously impaired or destroyed . " The labor board gave the two sides three weeks to reach an agreement , with a possible three-week extension if talks were making progress . The decision "  provides certainty for Qantas passengers , " company CEO Alan Joyce said in a statement following the decision . He apologized to passengers . The Australian and International Pilots Association said it hoped for a "  positive outcome " from the talks , calling the decision to ground the airline a "  gross overreaction " to its demands . "  It is a sign that the current management has lost touch with the traveling public , its workers and the basic Australian ethos of free speech , " the union said in a statement . The labor dispute involves three unions representing air and ground staff of Australia 's largest domestic and international airline . Union officials have accused Qantas of planning to outsource ground jobs at a cost of thousands of Australian jobs and of putting profits first . Pay and working conditions have also been at the center of the dispute . Qantas , which has its headquarters in Sydney , is the second-oldest airline in the world , and marked its 90th anniversary last year . It employs about 32,500 people and flies to more than 180 destinations worldwide , according to the company website . CNN 's Hugh Williams and Pamela Boykoff contributed to this report .	NEW : Qantas says all flights are operating on time NEW : The backlog of domestic passengers will be cleared by early Tuesday afternoon , the company says Some 100,000 passengers were affected by the grounding of Qantas flights
Hanford Nuclear Site , Washington  CNN  -- The federal government has set aside nearly $ 2 billion in stimulus funds to clean up Washington state 's decommissioned Hanford nuclear site , once the center of the country 's Cold War plutonium production . That is more stimulus funding than some entire states have received , which has triggered a debate as to whether the money is being properly spent . The facility sprawls across approximately 600 square miles of south-central Washington , an area roughly half the size of Rhode Island . It was built in the 1940s as part of the "  Manhattan Project " to develop the first atomic weapon during World War II . Millions of dollars and thousands of jobs poured into the remote area about 75 miles east of Yakima where nine nuclear reactors were eventually built . During the Cold War , Hanford became a main source of plutonium production for the nation 's nuclear weapons program . Decades of improper radioactive waste disposal earned Hanford the notorious distinction of being one of the most contaminated nuclear sites in the Western Hemisphere . Today , the Hanford site is a virtual ghost town , and those involved in the cleanup say they will need every dollar of the federal stimulus funds . There are still millions of gallons of untreated contaminated groundwater , hundreds of buildings used for plutonium enrichment that need to be torn down and underground tanks that are full of radioactive sludge . The stimulus money will reduce the cleanup time by years , according to Jon Peschong , who oversees the federal project at Hanford . "  It was perfect work , ready to go for the stimulus package , " Peschong said . "  Each day that passes the conditions worsen -LSB- and -RSB- the receipt of the federal stimulus money allows us to reduce the costs and also allows us to reduce the cleanup footprint much sooner , years sooner . " The money has also created jobs for about 1,400 people at Hanford , including Joe Gill who manages a team that is tearing down equipment that is heavily contaminated by radiation . Despite the dangers of his job , Gill said it came just at the right time . "  I had managed a production warehouse facility for one of the largest companies in the world , -LSB- I -RSB- thought I 'd be there for 20 years , " Gill said . "  We laid off 8,000 people in three months and they closed down our plant , -LSB- and -RSB- those jobs are n't jobs you just read the paper and get . " Hanford wo n't be decontaminated quickly . The workers have to suit up three to four times a day in protective gear . They break down contaminated equipment through a "  glove box , " allowing them to disassemble the equipment a room away through lead-lined gloves . Each time a worker removes the gloves , a colleague must check for radiation exposure . The large scale of the project and years of cost overruns have led critics to complain that stimulus money is being misdirected at Hanford . A report by Sens. John McCain , R-Arizona , and Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , listed Hanford as one of 100 sites where stimulus money may have been wasted . The Hanford cleanup "  has been plagued by massive cost and schedule problems - and almost no progress , " according to the report . Gerry Pollet , who runs a Hanford watchdog organization , says he supports using stimulus money to rid the nuclear site of its radioactive waste . But he questions whether the funds are going where they are most needed . "  You are not seeing the value that we should be seeing for the cleanup and the environment , " said Pollet , who heads Heart of America Northwest . "  They are picking the low-hanging fruit , the easy projects that give very nice photo opportunities . But that does n't cost $ 2 billion . "  Hanford is getting more money than many states in stimulus funds , and you would expect to see real progress for cleanup -LSB- to -RSB- happen with those dollars . " While debate continues over whether and how stimulus dollars should be used , the Tri-Cities area that surrounds the Hanford site -- which includes Richland , Kennewick and Pasco -- is reaping the benefits of the cleanup boom . Hanford began receiving stimulus dollars in March 2009 , which helped the surrounding cities and towns avoid the catastrophe that has plagued other communities impacted by the recent economic downturn . The Tri-Cities area has one of the lowest unemployment rates in Washington , and the housing market has barely been affected by the recent economic downturn , according to the Tri-Cities Industrial Development Council . Ken Brutzman , who owns a local office furniture store , said his business was "  at a standstill " last year before the orders from Hanford contractors started pouring in . Brutzman had to hire six temporary workers , two of which he may keep on full time , to deal with the boom in business . "  We are on track to have the best year ever , " Brutzman said . His business has been in his family for three generations and will likely stay profitable since the Hanford cleanup project is expected to take another 40 years . "  It has my manufacturers raising their eyebrows saying , ` Wow how does that guy do that ? ' "	$ 2 billion in stimulus funds set aside to clean up Washington 's Hanford nuclear site Money has created jobs for about 1,400 people Critics say funds are being misdirected , wasted at Hanford Cleanup "  has been plagued by massive cost and schedule problems , " their report says
CNN  -- A 24-year-old man has been charged with manslaughter for the death of Wang Yue , the toddler who garnered international attention after she was run over and ignored by passersby , authorities said Tuesday . Authorities arrested a man named Hu Jun , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported . The man , who is from eastern China , is accused of being one of two drivers who drove over the two-year-old girl on a narrow street in southern China earlier this month . The girl , known by the nickname Yue Yue , later died . Video captured by a nearby security camera showed the drivers , one after the other , hitting the girl in Foshan , Guangdong province . More than a dozen people walked , cycled or drove past the toddler as she lay bleeding in a busy market area . The video footage sparked a global outcry about the state of morality in China 's fast-changing society . That included generating a flurry of activity on Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , and spurring a "  Stop Apathy " online campaign . The girl was eventually rescued by a 58-year-old scavenger who pulled her aside and tried to get help . CNN 's Haolan Hong contributed to this report .	Two hit-and-run drivers seriously injured the girl on October 13 Video showed more than a dozen people passing by the two-year-old The girl later died from her injuries Her story spurred intense debate about morals in Chinese society
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The most emotionless society is Singapore 's despite its reputation for being among the world 's richest , a new survey has revealed . Gallup looked at 150 countries where about 1,000 residents were asked whether they experienced five positive and five negative emotions a lot during the course of a day . The results were based on interviews taken over a three-year period . Questions included whether people felt well-rested or enjoyment , smiled and laughed or felt worry , sadness , stress or anger . The 36 % in Singapore who reported feeling anything is the lowest in the world , the Washington-based research and analytics organization found . This figure is an aggregation of data from 2009-2011 ; in Gallup 's latest measure taken last year , just 30 % of those surveyed in Singapore felt anything at all . The findings belie Singapore 's 1.9 % jobless rate in the third quarter and per capita GDP of more than US$ 50,000 -- among the highest in the world . "  The implications for an emotionless society are significant , " wrote Jon Clifton , a partner at Gallup and director of the Gallup Government Group . "  To continue to be competitive in today 's world , Singapore must begin focusing on behavioral-based indicators that move beyond GDP . "  The bottom line is that Singaporeans are productive , highly disciplined citizens who are not enjoying their lives much , " he wrote in an accompanying article for the Gallup Business Journal . "  This culture has won historically , but it will not move to the next level until its leadership takes wellbeing seriously . " Trailing right behind Singapore were nearly half of the 15 former Soviet republics : Georgia and Lithuania , with 37 % ; and Russia , Ukraine , Belarus , Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan , with 38 % . Tying at 38 % were Madagascar and Nepal . The Philippines , meanwhile , registered as the most emotional nation , with 60 % of those interviewed responding "  yes " to experiencing a lot of feelings daily . Also scoring high were Latin American nations , with 10 of its nations -- led by El Salvador -- sharing top spots with Bahrain , Oman , Canada and the United States . Absent from the list is Bhutan , whose 4th king first coined the term "  Gross National Happiness , " declaring in 1972 that it was more important than Gross National Product . The country now has a Gross National Happiness  GNH  Commission with a mandate to pursue that objective . The country 's latest GNH Index measures happiness based on 33 indicators grouped among nine domains : psychological wellbeing , health , time use , education , cultural diversity and resilience , good governance , community vitality , ecological diversity and resilience , and living standards . Reflecting the growing need to address happiness , The Earth Institute at Columbia University published the first ever World Happiness Report commissioned for the U.N. Conference on Happiness in April . It reviews the state of happiness in the world today , the causes of happiness and misery , and policy implications . The report was in answer to a resolution adopted last year by the U.N. General Assembly declaring "  the pursuit of happiness is a fundamental human goal " embodying the spirit of the 2015 Millennium Development Goals . This year the U.N. declared March 20 of each year as the International Day of Happiness . Last month the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development , which represents 34 countries , dedicated its fourth forum in New Delhi , India , to measuring well-being . The OECD 's Better Life Index compares well-being across countries based on 11 topics identified as essential . It 's another indication that there 's more to life or success than wealth , and that measuring a nation on GDP alone can go only so far . Still , the Economist Intelligence Unit has named Singapore one of the best countries to be born in 2013 . Ranked sixth on an index topped by Switzerland , Singapore was cited along with Hong Kong , ranked 10th , as being "  well-known for their wealth , stability and relatively low levels of corruption , " said Susan Evans , an analyst . "  One determining factor of future life satisfaction for their residents , which is less easy to predict , will be the trajectory of civil freedoms , " she added in a press release . The index looked at as many as 11 indicators , including GDP per head , life expectancy at birth , quality of family life , the state of political freedoms , job security , climate , safety , community life , governance and gender equality . Among the 80 countries covered , Nigeria ranked last .	NEW : Economist Intelligence Unit ranks Singapore high on "  where-to-be-born " list Nearly half of 15 former Soviet republics trail Singapore as "  emotionless " in Gallup survey Singapore boasts a 1.9 % jobless rate , high per capita GDP Philippines , meanwhile , registers as most emotional nation
Washington  CNN  -- Federal authorities are investigating a potential case of human trafficking at the suburban Washington home of a Saudi diplomat , officials said Wednesday . Authorities were called Tuesday afternoon to an upscale neighborhood in McLean , Virginia , where they "  removed two potential trafficking victims , " U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesman Brandon Montgomery told CNN . A State Department official said the McLean house is the home of the Saudi military attach  . The case is under investigation by Homeland Security Investigations , a unit within ICE . The two women , who are from the Philippines and currently work at the Saudi Embassy in Washington , claim they were mistreated , according to the State Department official . The women are charging , according to a different State Department official , that the Saudi attach  kept their passports , made them work extremely long hours and did not pay them . The source said they had not seen anything to indicate the women were physically harmed . The official also pointed out these allegations are similar to several other cases they heard from domestic workers who work for diplomats from the Persian Gulf . According to ICE , cases like this are very "  victim-centric , " meaning that once there is "  confirmation of suspicions , " authorities immediately go in and remove the victim and then begin the investigation . There was no word on the identity of the Saudi diplomat who lived there . The Saudi Embassy in Washington did not respond to requests for comment . CNN 's Dan Merica contributed to this report .	NEW : Source says women charging Saudi attach  kept their passports , did n't pay them Authorities investigate possible human trafficking Official says probe is at home of Saudi military attache Two women allegedly claim they were mistreated
CNN  -- Cassidy Stay has seen the worst -- the brutal killings of her parents and siblings , ages 4 to 13 , in their Texas home . On Saturday , the 15-year-old quoted Dumbledore , the wise man from the Harry Potter series , in hopes of finding some good amid the horror . "  Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times , " Cassidy said , citing J.K. Rowling 's "  Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban , " "  if one only remembers to turn on the light . " The remarks -- at a public memorial for her family -- were the teenager 's first public comments since she emerged as the lone survivor from the carnage in her family 's Spring home . Authorities say that Ronald Lee Haskell barged into residence on Wednesday demanding to know the whereabouts of his estranged wife . She was not there , but the Stay family was . And soon , in a barrage of bullets , six of them were dead . They included Cassidy Stay 's parents , Stephen and Katie , as well as her 7 - and 9-year-old sisters and 4 - and 13-year-old brothers . Authorities : Man kills 4 children , 2 adults Cassidy was targeted as well , with the Harris County Sheriff 's Office indicating the shooting left her in critical condition . By Saturday , though , she was not only out of the hospital but standing tall , wiping away tears as people remembered her parents and siblings and offered support to her . Thanking the first responders , doctors and nurses who 'd helped her , the teenager said , "  I am feeling a lot better and am on a very straightforward path to a full recovery . " Unfortunately , her family is n't coming back . Reminders of this were everywhere , including a board that had hearts with their names . Cassidy mentioned them too , right after quoting Dumbledore . "  I know that my Mom , Dad , Brian , Emily , Becca and Zach are in a much better place , and that I will be able to see them again one day , " she said at the gathering . Accused killer collapses in courtroom Grandfather : Cassidy saved 20 lives At the same ceremony outside Lemm Elementary School in Spring , Roger Lyon remembered his daughter Katie , his son-in-law and grandchildren , saying , "  We will miss them in the morning and in the evening . " "  The best way , we think ,  to move on  is to concentrate on the living , to cling to hope of life that has emerged in this terrible darkness . " He was talking about Cassidy . Lyon then recounted what the teenager had done -- how she 'd been shot and how she 'd seen her parents and siblings shot . After all that , her grandfather said Cassidy "  had the presence of mind to remain quiet and to play dead . " Once the coast was clear , the teen got up , called police "  and told them we were in danger . " "  Without her courage and quick thinking , we might be mourning the deaths of 20 -- yes , I said 20 -- people today , including myself and nearly all of our children and grandchildren , " Lyon added , crediting Cassidy for alerting authorities who headed off Ronald Lee Haskell and arrested him after a three-hour long standoff . While in the hospital , Cassidy talked about angels she 'd learned in Sunday school are sent to "  protect his children in times of great need , " according to Lyon . "  After she had been shot on Wednesday , she said it felt as though the angels were there with her , putting their hands over her mouth -- whispering to her to be quiet , " her grandfather said . " ' I was quiet when I needed to be quiet , ' she told us . " Between the balloons being released into the sky in the Stay family 's memory , in between all of the tears and the hugs among those in the crowd who knew them , there were many reminders of Cassidy 's actions -- and not just from her grandfather -- on Saturday . Her name , after all , was among those on the board with those of her slain family members . Hers was the only heart that was n't red . And it was the only one with extra words added : "  Our hero . " Police : N.C. grandfather shoots father , kid kills grandpa Man questioned in fatal Tennessee armory shooting Deputy 's fatal shooting of boy carrying fake rifle ruled lawful CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , John Branch , Jason Hanna , Ed Payne , Dave Alsup and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	NEW : Grandfather credits Cassidy Stay with saving 20 lives by alerting authorities NEW : He says she played dead after being shot , then told police others were in danger The teenager speaks out for the first time , after her parents and 4 siblings were killed Cassidy quotes from Harry Potter : "  Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times "
CNN  -- At least 13 people were killed in explosions and shootings in three of Iraq 's most strategic cities on Monday , police officials said . The deadliest incident was in the southeastern part of Mosul , where a car bomb exploded by Iraqi army convoy . Five people were killed , including two Iraqi soldiers , in the neighborhood of al-Muharbeen . In the eastern part of Mosul , three people were shot dead by gunmen in two separate shootings . Mosul , which is in Nineveh province , has a largely Sunni population and is about 420 kilometers  about 261 miles  north of Baghdad . And in the capital of Baghdad , a man and his son were shot dead by gunmen in the al-Jaara neighborhood in the southern part of the city . In the oil-rich city of Kirkuk , gunmen attacked a group of men in a shooting area in al-Naser in eastern Kirkuk and killed three people . Four other people were wounded . Kirkuk is an ethnically mixed city of Arabs , Kurds and Turkmen and is about 240 kilometers  about 149 miles  north of Baghdad . Casualties mount at alarming rate in Iraq Monday 's attacks come as Iraqi security forces are conducting a large-scale operation , "  The Revenge for the Martyrs , " which is attempting to track down al Qaeda members in and around Baghdad . The operation started few days ago , and so far , hundreds of people have been arrested , according to the Baghdad Operation military command website . An al Qaeda group claimed responsibility for coordinated attacks in July on two Iraqi prisons that a lawmaker said freed more than 500 inmates , including some senior members of the militant group . July was the deadliest month in Iraq since the peak of sectarian violence in 2006 and 2007 . According to figures released by the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq , 1,057 Iraqis were killed and another 2,326 were wounded in acts of terrorism and violence in July . Global Public Square : What Iraq could teach us about Syria	Mosul , Kirkuk and the capital of Baghdad are all the scenes of deadly violence on Monday A car bomb in Mosul claims the lives of five people , including two soldiers Iraqi security forces are conducting a large-scale operation against al Qaeda
Blues legend B.B. King was forced to cancel the remainder of his current tour after falling ill following a October 3 show at Chicago 's House of Blues . The 89-year-old Rock and Roll Hall of Famer had eight gigs left on his current trek , including stops at his namesake B.B. King Blues Club in New York . B.B. King is friends with everybody " -LSB- King -RSB- was immediately evaluated by a doctor and diagnosed with dehydration and suffering from exhaustion whereby causing the eight remaining shows of his current tour to be canceled , " King 's official site posted . No other details about King 's condition were revealed . As EW 's The Music Mix points out , King gave a shaky performance in St. Louis in April 2014 , with the concert being so erratic that the blues great 's reps issued a statement apologizing following the gig . "  The combination of the rigors of the very long drive and high blood sugar due to his medication error resulted in a performance that did not match Mr. King 's usual standard of excellence , " the statement read . King suffers from Type II diabetes , a condition he 's lived with for two decades . Bono talks to B.B. King in exclusive clip Guitarist Hamish Anderson , whose band was serving as King 's opening act during the trek , tweeted , "  Very sad to hear the news of BB King 's sickness and subsequent cancellation of the tour . The band and I wish him a safe speedy recovery ! " According to King 's official site , the guitarist does not have any more dates scheduled for the rest of 2014 . In November 2013 , the ever-touring King canceled an Oklahoma City concert but that was due to unsafe conditions on the roads into the city . See the original story at RollingStone.com .	B.B. King has canceled the remaining eight gigs of his current tour The 89-year-old legend became ill following an October 3 show He 's been diagnosed with dehydration and exhaustion
Police in eastern Canada announced Friday they "  are reopening the investigation involving Rehtaeh Parsons , " the 17-year-old who tried to kill herself after she was allegedly gang-raped and bullied . Rehtaeh , a high school student from Halifax , Nova Scotia , was taken off life support Sunday , three days after she attempted to hang herself . The HRM Partners in Policing -- which includes Halifax Regional Police and a locally based division of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police -- said in a statement Friday it was reviewing the case "  in light of new and credible information that has recently been brought forward to police . " The alleged sexual assault happened in November 2011 when Rehtaeh was 15 , her family said . Police investigated , but no criminal charges were filed . Authorities confirmed that a photograph allegedly showing Rehtaeh having sex with one of the boys was circulated to friends ' mobile phones and computers . As a result , her family said , she developed suicidal thoughts . Rehtaeh also struggled emotionally after the police investigation , her mother wrote on her Facebook tribute page . When evidence goes viral "  Rehtaeh is gone today because of the four boys that thought that raping a 15-year-old girl was OK and to distribute a photo to ruin her spirit and reputation would be fun , " her mother wrote . "  All the bullying and messaging and harassment that never let up are also to blame . Lastly , the justice system failed her . " Her family told CNN they met with Canadian justice officials Wednesday and urged them to reconsider filing charges . The officials , they said , assured them they would take a fresh look after a police investigation ended without criminal charges . The online activist group Anonymous said it might release the names of teens linked to the alleged rape in an effort to force authorities to pursue prosecution . Rape victim 's family : We want justice , not vigilante justice "  Better act fast , " Anonymous warned Canadian law enforcement in a statement . RCMP spokesman Cpl. Scott McRae , said the new information that led authorities to reopen their investigation "  did not come from an online source . " "  We can talk to a witness , we can verify the person , we can substantiate some of the information that has come forth , " McRae said . "  That is a good thing . " The hope is that reopening the case "  will spark an interest or encourage other people to come " forward , added the spokesman . Police will consider such information they hear or see directly , but not necessarily it comes through online .	Police hope more people will come forward independent of social media Rehtaeh Parsons , 17 , died Sunday after trying to hang herself Her family said she struggled after allegedly being raped ; no charges were filed Police say they 're reopening the probe after getting "  new and credible information "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Marion "  Suge " Knight was arrested Wednesday in Los Angeles on a misdemeanor traffic violation and an outstanding warrant , police said . The arrest occurred about 12:30 a.m. , and the rap music mogul was taken to the Los Angeles County Jail , where he was held on $ 20,000 bail , said Officer Cleon Joseph , who did not have details about the warrant or the violation . The 48-year-old music mogul has had previous run-ins with the law . In February 2012 , Las Vegas police stopped Knight , who was driving a black Bentley , and said they found less than an ounce of marijuana in the vehicle . He was ticketed for making an unsafe lane change . In December 2010 , Knight was arrested at a suburban Los Angeles outdoor shopping mall for failing to appear in court on a traffic violation . At the time , the co-founder of Death Row Records had a warrant issued for failure to appear in court . Knight rose to fame and fortune after founding his record label in 1991 and signing artists who included Snoop Doggy Dogg  who now goes by the name Snoop Lion  and Tupac Shakur . Knight was in Las Vegas with Shakur in 1996 when the rapper was shot to death . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time , along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers , and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others , contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 .	Knight is being held on $ 20,000 bail at the Los Angeles County Jail He had an outstanding warrant , was arrested early Wednesday for a traffic violation , police say The 48-year-old rap mogul co-founded Death Row Records
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- At least 20 homes in Atlanta 's historic Cabbagetown neighborhood were flattened by a tornado that ripped through downtown Atlanta on Friday night , a spokeswoman for the mayor said . Debris from Friday night 's tornado litters the street outside CNN Center . Firefighters fear there could be people dead inside the ruins of a collapsed loft complex in the same neighborhood , the spokeswoman said . There have been no deaths confirmed from the tornado , but at least 15 people were treated at two hospitals . Most of the injuries were minor cuts , scrapes and bruises , officials said . The Fulton Cotton Mill Lofts , just east of downtown Atlanta , collapsed in a "  pancake fashion , " Atlanta Fire Chief Kelvin Cochran said early Saturday . The tornado that ripped through the heart of the city damaged the roof of the Georgia Dome during a college basketball game , shattered windows and ripped roofs from buildings before continuing into several residential neighborhoods . The building that houses CNN was at the epicenter of the storm -- sitting next to the dome and hotels where thousands of basketball fans attending the Southeastern Conference tournament were at least temporarily displaced . Watch coverage of damage to CNN Center " "  It was actually in overtime , and the game was getting exciting , and I thought people from the Alabama side were hitting the bleachers trying to get some noise going , " said Lucas Shields , who was attending the game between Mississippi State and the University of Alabama . "  All of a sudden the TV went out , the overhead clock stopped working , and you hear that distinctive noise of a train . " Timothy Wood , 30 , of Cumming , Georgia , took refuge from rain at Philips Arena . "  First thing I saw were cups then I saw larger objects -- like parts of Philips Arena were coming off and being blown into the street , " Wood said . Police closed several streets in the vicinity of CNN Center because of glass and other debris from the storm . Audio Slideshow : View the damage " The storm tracked from the northwest side of the city to the southeast , demolishing buildings and downing trees that crushed cars and ripped through the roofs of homes . At the Fulton Cotton Mill Lofts , damage was extensive . Mahsud Olufani , an Atlanta painter and sculptor with a studio in one of the other buildings , said he rushed to his studio when he saw news of the damage . "  It looks like a bomb went off , it looks like World War III , " he said . "  It 's a disaster area . " The converted lofts also were the site of a massive 1999 fire , during which a dramatic helicopter rescue was televised worldwide . In the neighborhood of East Atlanta , resident Cameron Beasley said he could see four or five homes with storm damage , including trees knocked through their roofs , and several cars crushed by downed trees . "  Something really fierce came down , " said Beasley , who said he and his wife ran with their two children into their basement about 15 seconds before the storm hit . "  It was just crushing cars , crushing houses . " The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for the area , in effect until 10 p.m. . The storm came through at about 9:45 p.m. Inside CNN Center , water poured through damage in the ceiling into the building 's atrium . Glass shattered , and parts of the building filled with dust . Virtually all of the windows facing Centennial Olympic Park on the Omni Hotel , which is attached to CNN Center , were shattered , leaving curtains flapping in the darkened windows . Visitors to the hotel were evacuated to the facility 's exhibition hall at street level . Watch survey of damage to Omni Hotel " Windows also were shattered in the CNN.com newsroom , with staffers saying that there was a computer missing -- apparently sucked through one of the windows . CNN 's library was also damaged . See photos of the damage inside " Outside the building , debris littered the streets and billboards collapsed onto parked cars . Centennial Olympic Park was also severely damaged . Next door at the Georgia Dome , the Alabama-Mississippi State game was halted . The storm visibly rippled the ceiling of the dome and caused some damage , video of the arena showed . Scaffolding holding the facility 's scoreboard swayed 15 minutes after the storm hit . The game resumed about an hour later , but a later game between Kentucky and Georgia was postponed . Joe Bryson , 28 , of Cumming , Georgia , was outside when the winds hit . "  When it started to drizzle a little bit , everyone got under some shelter , watching things develop . It started to pick up a bit . When the metal barriers fell over and started skidding along the ground that 's when everyone started -- not panicking -- but going inside . "  I saw two fellas who were running to come to shelter and they were getting pushed from the back -LSB- by the wind -RSB- . They got knocked down but got right back up and followed everyone inside , " Bryson said . Catherine Niehaus , an iReporter , was inside the Georgia Dome when she said the roof split , scaffolding slipped and the scoreboard started to sway . Slabs of metal and insulation material smothered the streets outside . Cars and emergency vehicles were scattered among the debris as hundreds of people , many of them attending the Southeastern Conference basketball tournament , wandered around talking on cell phones . Heaps of bricks and sheetrock were pushed up against cars . Streets signs were bent in half . At the neighboring Georgia World Congress Center , the storm blew down a wall , allowing water to pool ankle deep inside the building . Further east , heavy damage was reported near Grady Memorial Hospital . According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the most recent downtown tornado in the United States hit Jacksonville , Florida , August 12 , 2004 . There were no deaths . According to the NOAA , the deadliest tornado to hit a downtown area in the 20th century was May 11 , 1953 , when 114 people were killed in Waco , Texas . Although downtown tornadoes are rare , it 's a misconception they ca n't happen , according to The Tornado Project , a company that gathers and compiles tornado information . "  That more ` cities ' are n't struck by tornadoes is probably more coincidence than anything else , " according to the project 's Web site . "  There are very few ` big cities ' with skyscrapers in Tornado Alley . In fact , there are only a dozen , and one of them , St. Louis , Missouri , has a long history of tornadoes in its central area . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : At least 20 homes flattened by tornado in Atlanta Apartment building collapses as tornado hits Atlanta Search for survivors amid apartment debris could take days At least 15 people injured , hotel evacuated during storm
LONDON , England -- Tottenham have completed the signing of Germany Under-21 midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng from Hertha Berlin for a fee in the region of # 5.4 million  $ 10.8 million  . Midfielder Boateng , 20 , was voted Germany 's best young player in 2006 . Boateng , 20 , was voted Germany 's best young player in 2006 and made 43 appearances for Bundesliga club Hertha . "  In Germany he is regarded as one of the biggest talents , we recognised this and went in for him , " said Tottenham manager Martin Jol . "  You could compare him with the likes of Aaron Lennon and Tom Huddlestone in that he is an exciting player for now and the future . He is an attacking midfield player , very strong and that is one of his main assets . " Spurs saw off competition from Sevilla to make Boateng their seventh summer signing . "  It has been my ambition to play in England , I am 20 now and am about to quickly realise my dream , " said Boateng . "  I know that Tottenham are a team who like to play offensive football . The club want to climb higher next season and I want to be a part of it . "  I watched the Premier League regularly in Germany , it is the most famous league in the world and I have always enjoyed it . " E-mail to a friend	Tottenham complete the signing of Hertha Berlin star Kevin-Prince Boateng The 20-year-old Germany Under-21 international signs for a fee of $ 10.8 million Midfielder Boateng was voted the best young player in Germany last year
Being famous must mean never having to say you 're sorry . Now that Shia LaBeouf is n't "  famous " anymore , he ca n't seem to stop apologizing . The actor -- whose behavior has taken a turn for the bizarre over the past several weeks -- is now performing in a Los Angeles-based art installation called " #IAmSorry . " The former "  Transformers " star tweeted the hashtag from his Twitter account around 2 p.m. ET on Tuesday .  It was a change of pace from his usual tweet , "  I AM NOT FAMOUS ANYMORE , " which he 'd been posting daily since January 20 . According to a press release , LaBeouf collaborated with artists Nastja Sde Rnkk and Luke Turner to create the exhibit , which is showing at the Stephen Cohen Gallery from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday . What 's going on with Shia ? "  Shia LaBeouf is sorry , " the press releases states . "  Sincerely sorry . He will be in situ ... for the duration . Implements will be provided . " Visitors to the art show are invited to observe LaBeouf 's performance one at a time . Before viewing the actor , the visitor stops at a table that bears "  implements " -- some of which appear to correspond with LaBeouf 's career . There are things like a "  Transformers " toy , a whip  he starred in 2008 's "  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull "  , Hershey 's kisses , a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey , a bottle of cologne , pliers , a ukelele and a copy of Daniel Clowes ' book , "  The Death-Ray . " The last item is an interesting choice , given that LaBeouf was accused of plagiarizing Clowes ' work in December . The actor at first said that he 'd been so absorbed in the creative process he neglected to give Clowes proper accreditation , but then he was also accused of plagiarizing his apologies . So is this whole exhibit supposed to be a grand apology both for his use of Clowes ' art as well as his own career ? Visitors do n't find out . They 're instructed to select one item from the table of "  implements , " which also includes a bowl of comments about LaBeouf . Time magazine 's Ryan Sandoval took the bowl of messages into LaBeouf 's performance space , which he describes as a room about the size of a closet , outfitted with a table and two chairs . Behind the table was LaBeouf , wearing a tux and his now ever-present paper bag mask with the words "  I AM NOT FAMOUS " written on it . After sitting down across from the actor , Sandoval described reading "  messages  that were  mostly negative , some positive , declaring LaBeouf either a ` baby , ' an ` idiot , ' or a ` genius . ' Things about having to ` move on , ' or suggestions of ` death . ' They felt like tweets ; they probably were tweets . I read about thirteen notes in measured tones , opting out of the ones that were too harsh or too praiseworthy ; I thought about reading the whole bowl , but then got self-conscious saying so many hurtful things to LaBeouf , who in that moment , just seemed like a mixed-up kid .  Frankly , I hope no one whips him , or worse , spritzes him with cologne .  " The Daily Beast 's Andrew Romano did in fact choose the cologne , and tried to offer it to the actor but did n't get a response . LaBeouf was just as silent when Romano peppered with him questions such as , "  What are you sorry for ? " and "  If you 're not famous , why am I here ? " "  It was just me and a guy in formal wear with a paper bag over his head sitting there silently , " Romano described . "  Through his eyeholes , I could see LaBeouf 's eyes moving around -- staring at me . " But after asking LaBeouf if it was really him , Romano did get a response . "  The bag moved . I thought he was smiling . Then I looked at his eyes . They were red and watery . " " ` Can you give me a sign that you 're really Shia LaBeouf ? ' " Romano asked . "  And that 's when it happened : LaBeouf reached up and took the bag off his head . He looked miserable . I 'm pretty sure he had been crying . " The location of the exhibit , which is free to view , just so happens to be located across the street from the offices of viral content giant BuzzFeed , and some have wondered if it was intentional . There 's also the question of what the whole point of the exhibit could be . Is Shia LaBeouf trying to sincerely apologize , or is he making a larger commentary on celebrity ? Is it more about our "  copy-and-paste culture , " as he 's said before ? That last theory appears to hold at least a little bit of water . Some attendees to " #IAmSorry " have noted the project 's strong resemblance to the work of Marina Abramovic , in addition to other artists .	Shia LaBeouf has opened an art exhibit in Los Angeles The project is called " #IAmSorry " Visitors sit in a room with the actor after choosing an "  implement " He does n't say what he 's actually sorry for
CNN  -- Paul Pogba was the man Manchester United never wanted to lose -- now he 's beginning to show why as he fired Juventus four points clear at the top of Serie A. Pogba struck a 92nd minute winner to see off lowly Bologna and help Juve claim a 2-1 win to make it nine victories from ten league games . The 19-year-old caused shockwaves after rejecting the chance to remain at Old Trafford and instead sign a four-year deal with the Italian club . The horror of Heysel : Football 's forgotten tragedy ? Fabio Quagliarella had given the home side a 54th minute lead only for Bologna to hit back through Saphir Taidi . But Pogba fired home in stoppage-time to give his side all three points and help take advantage of Napoli 's surprise defeat . Napoli , who began the night in second , went down 1-0 at Atalanta , courtesy of Carlos Carmona 's first-half strike . That result allowed Inter Milan to move into third place after it came from behind to see off Sampdoria 3-2 . Gianni Munari had given Sampdoria a 20th minute lead but Diego Milito grabbed his 200th career goal to bring his side level . Rodrigo Palacio and Freddy Guarin then put Inter in the driving seat and despite Eder grabbing a late consolation , the hosts held on to take the points . Lazio was held to a 1-1 draw by Torino as it slipped to fourth but it sits four points clear of fifth place Fiorentina . Parma moved up to sixth position following a 3-2 victory over Roma . Ishak Belfodil scored and was sent off as the hosts came from behind to see off a Roma side , which had taken an early lead through Erik Lamela . Belfodil equalised before Marco Parolo and Cristian Zaccardo put Parma 3-1 ahead with Francesco Totti 's strike failing to bring Roma a reward . Elsewhere , Cagliari overcame Siena 4-2 , Chievo defeated Pescara 2-0 and Udinese was held to a 2-2 draw by Catania . In Spain 's Copa del Rey , Real Madrid carved out a 4-1 win away at Alcoyano . Karim Benzema scored twice , while Kaka and Jose Rodriguez were also on target for the Spanish champions . Champions League contenders Malaga was given a tough test by minnow Cacereo as it sneaked a 4-3 win . Malaga 's malady : When foreign ownership goes wrong The Primera Liga giant had led 2-0 before the home side rallied to level before half-time . Roque Santa Cruz 's second of the night and a Duda strike appeared to have killed off Cacereo , which had Pablo Vargas sent off . But the Segunda B side refused to give in and Carlos Esteve 's 87th minute strike reduced the deficit to just a single goal going into the second leg . There was no such problem for Atletico Madrid as it cruised to a 3-0 victory at ten-man Real Jaen . Diego Costa , Adrian and Raul Garcia were on target for the visitors , while Dani Torres was sent off after just 26 minutes for Real . Elsewhere , Las Palmas edged out Rayo Vallecano 1-0 , while Real Zaragoza triumphed over Granada by the same scoreline . Almeria recorded a two-goal advantage in its first leg after defeating Celta Vigo 2-0 . Bayern unbeaten run in Bundesliga halted by Bayer Leverkusen In Germany 's DFB Pokal , Bayern Munich cruised to a 4-0 win over Kaiserslautern thanks to two goals each from Claudio Pizarro and Arjen Robben .	Paul Pogba scores 92nd minute winner as Juventus defeats Bologna 2-1 Juventus has now won nine out of it 's ten league games Napoli drop to third after suffering 1-0 defeat at Atalanta Real Madrid eases to Copa del Rey victory at Alcoyano
Edward Herrmann , the versatile , honey-voiced actor whose roles included patricians and politicians such as "  Gilmore Girls " father Richard Gilmore , "  The Practice " law professor Anderson Pearson and President Franklin D. Roosevelt , has died . He was 71 . Herrmann passed away Wednesday at a hospital in New York . The cause of death was a brain tumor , according to his manager , Robbie Kass . "  Besides being an accomplished actor , was also a true gentleman and a scholar , as well as being an incredibly kind and decent man . He will be sorely missed , " Kass told CNN . "  My friend Ed Herrmann was the kindest , classiest , most talented man . It was an honor and a joy to know him , a devastating blow to lose him , " tweeted Lauren Graham , who starred as Lorelai Gilmore in "  Gilmore Girls . " Over a career that stretched over more than four decades , Herrmann was rarely the star but always a standout . In a 1980 episode of "  M * A * S * H , " he played a visiting surgeon who starts out confident and polished but ca n't keep up with the pace . In "  St. Elsewhere , " he had a recurring role as Father Joseph McCabe , the sturdy founder of St. Eligius , the show 's hospital , who offered guidance to a future doctor . The latter role earned him two Emmy nominations . And then there was Richard Gilmore , the blue-blooded father of Lorelai Gilmore , whose snappy dialogue -- often with his daughter or his wife  Kelly Bishop  -- could n't hide his big heart , especially when it came to his granddaughter Rory , played by Alexis Bledel . That relationship was reflected in real life , he told the A.V. Club in 2012 . "  I was sort of delegated from time to time to look after her , and I was very , very fond of her , " he said , noting that Bledel had a number of challenges her first years on the show . "  One summer , I thought , ` She 's not going to make it . She 's going to burn out . ' But then she went to Italy with a friend to learn cooking , and I thought , "  She 's going to be fine . ' " Herrmann had his star turns as well . He was nominated twice for Emmys for his portrayal of FDR , first in the TV movie "  Eleanor and Franklin "  1976  and then in the next year 's "  Eleanor and Franklin : The White House Years . "  He also played Roosevelt in the 1982 movie version of "  Annie . " He won a Tony for his performance in a 1976 revival of George Bernard Shaw 's "  Mrs. Warren 's Profession . " His performance in "  The Practice " led to his only Emmy win . Even people who did n't recognize him probably knew his mellifluous voice from audiobooks and History Channel documentaries . But , in general , he was content to be a supporting performer , one of the esteemed and distinctive cadre of performers thought of as "  character actors . " He went easily from role to role -- his Internet Movie Database page includes 130 credits , including small spots in "  American Dad , " "  30 Rock " and "  Drop Dead Diva " -- and he reveled in the work . In the A.V. Club interview , he expresses enthusiasm for almost everything he appeared in . His co-stars are often "  great " or "  wonderful , " and he has kind words for forgotten films such as "  Harry 's War " and his appearance in the maligned 2011 comedy "  Bucky Larson : Born to Be a Star . " "  Sometimes I 'm stuck in a straitjacket with suits , playing Alger Hiss and Roosevelt and so on , and I said , ` These guys are really wonky , and they 're where the kids are these days , so do it ! What 's the matter with you ? ' " he said . "  I had a great time . " Recently , Herrmann had been playing Lionel Deerfield in "  The Good Wife . " He is survived by his wife and two daughters . People we 've lost in 2014	Edward Herrmann , known for "  Gilmore Girls , " dead of brain tumor Herrmann was hard-working character actor known for roles as politicians , blue bloods He was nominated for two Emmys for playing Franklin D. Roosevelt
CNN  -- A police officer and a bystander died from wounds suffered in a parking lot shootout after a car chase in a Houston metropolitan area Monday morning , police said . Cpl. Jimmie Norman , a 24-year veteran of the Bellaire , Texas , police , died at a hospital , said Chief of Police Byron Holloway . Holloway did n't identify the other man who was killed . He described him as a local businessman who "  was coming to the aid of Officer Norman " after the chase ended in Houston and the shooting began . The suspect was shot twice by other officers from Bellaire , Holloway said . "  Jimmy had a police mind and a big heart , " said Holloway , who has been with the small , tight-knit department for 37 years . "  He was always thinking about things that would better the department , better the city , better the working conditions of officers and better the way we could serve the citizens . " Norman , 53 , was married and had two adult children , one of whom works with the police department , Holloway said . The pursuit started after a driver refused to stop when a Bellaire police officer tried to pull over his vehicle , Houston police spokesman John Cannon said . The fleeing car collided with a pickup truck , which then joined the chase , Cannon said . Norman , who was a patrol supervisor , and the truck driver followed the suspect into an auto parts business parking lot , he said . The suspect opened fire at Norman and shot and killed the local businessman , who came out to the parking lot . Backup officers arrived and exchanged gunfire with the suspect , who was struck twice , Cannon said . Norman died later at Ben Taub General Hospital , police said . The suspect is listed in critical condition at a hospital . "  We owe a great debt of thanks to Officer Norman and the thousands like him who ask for not much more than to be a good police officer and to come home safe , " Bellaire Mayor Phil Nauert said in a written statement . CNN 's John Fricke and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Bellaire officer Jimmie Norman , bystander killed by gunman NEW : Norman , 53 , had been with department for 24 years NEW : Other man killed was apparently coming to his aid The suspect is listed in critical condition at a hospital
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Steve Jobs died Wednesday at the age of 56 . Within minutes of the announcement , Twitter and other digital channels were flooded with outpourings of grief for a very private man who leaves a very big mark on the world . It is the footprint , not of a manager or philanthropist , but of an entrepreneur . His legacy is that of an individual who used his drive , vision , curiosity and keen intelligence to follow new possibilities relentlessly without being deterred by the obstacles on his path . From the introduction of the first Apple computer in the late 1970s to his "  wilderness years " at NeXT and Pixar in the late 1980s and early 1990s to his leadership in developing the iPod , iPhone and iPad during the last 10 years at Apple , Jobs turned his energy to creating new offerings that change people 's lives . From the get-go , he understood he was living in a moment of far-reaching transformation that we now call the Digital Revolution and that in such a moment , a lot is at stake . Invested with a sense of his importance on a stage where everything from telephony to publishing to music distribution was up for grabs , he knew there was no time to lose in developing powerful , beautiful , engaging products and services . This understanding fueled the relentless pace of innovation at Apple during the last 13 years .  It may also have fed his often severe , controlling and still-inspiring managerial style .  Undoubtedly , the breadth of Jobs ' vision steered Apple toward market leadership and a long series of financial home runs . But throughout Jobs ' journey , we never thought it was solely -- or even primarily -- about the money . More than 15 years ago , Jobs realized that  what we then called  the Information Revolution was bigger and bolder than groovy products and the convergence of technologies . It was about democratizing all kinds of activity by breaking down barriers in how information is distributed . As he explained to Rolling Stone , this development meant "  individuals can now do things that only large groups of people with lots of money could do before . ...  W  e have much more opportunity for people to get to the marketplace -- not just the marketplace of commerce but the marketplace of ideas . The marketplace of publications , the marketplace of public policy . You name it . " If we think about the role of smartphones in the Arab Spring or the Occupy Wall Street protests , we see just how right Jobs was . This is impact , measured in a deep , lasting way . And this is how ultimately Jobs will be remembered . As an entrepreneur -- like Henry Ford or perhaps Alexander Graham Bell -- whose vision expanded both our sense of individual freedom and connection with each one another . In an uncharacteristically candid speech at Stanford University in 2005 , Jobs advised young people to follow their passion and stay foolish and hungry . He did this all his life , and the world will never be the same . Small wonder we grieve today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nancy F. Koehn .	Nancy Koehn : Steve Jobs is rightly celebrated for products he introduced She says Jobs ' central insight was that we live in transformative times Jobs knew technology enabled everyone to do what only a few could do before , she says
Mental Floss  -- With baseball season in full swing , here 's a list of some of the more creative , generous or ludicrous perks players have received . 1 . Bobby Bonilla finally gets paid Hey , New York Mets fans , think things could n't get any worse ? Next year former outfielder Bobby Bonilla goes back on the payroll at the ripe old age of 48 . In 1999 , Bonilla returned to the Mets for a second stint at Shea following his borderline disastrous free-agent signing in 1992 . Bonilla was n't any better the second time around , so the Mets waived him in 2000 . The problem was that the team still owed Bonilla $ 5.9 million in guaranteed salary . Bonilla 's agents worked out a deal with the Mets where he would defer the salary if the team would pay him $ 1,193,248.20 every July 1 from 2011 to 2035 . Not a bad deal for someone who was so bad the team basically paid him to go away . 2 . Support for Rollie Fingers ' ` stache Former A 's owner Charlie Finley never thought of a gimmick he would n't try , including a mechanical rabbit that delivered fresh balls to the umpire and hiring a 13-year-old MC Hammer as his "  Executive V.P. " In 1972 , Finley offered his players cash for growing a mustache by Father 's Day , thereby giving birth to reliever Rollie Fingers ' trademark handlebar ` stache . The A 's went on to win the World Series that season , and Fingers ' contract for 1973 contained a $ 300 bonus for growing the mustache as well as $ 100 for the purchase of mustache wax . 3 . Charlie Kerfeld 's tasty bonus After a spectacular rookie season in 1986 , rotund reliever Charlie Kerfeld , who always pitched in his lucky Jetsons T-shirt , needed a new contract . Kerfeld asked for $ 110,037.37 , matching his No. 37 jersey , to pitch in 1987 . On top of that , he received 37 boxes of orange Jell-O in the deal . The Astros would soon regret this delicious bonus , though ; Kerfeld , who was famously caught eating ribs in the dugout that season , would battle weight and injury problems and get sent down to the minors . Mental Floss : 19 unusual injuries 4 . Red Sox buy John Lackey insurance The Boston Red Sox made a big free-agent splash this winter by signing starting pitcher John Lackey to a five-year , $ 82.5 million deal . Signing pitchers to long-term contracts is a tricky venture due to the possibility of injury , but the Red Sox managed to give themselves a little peace of mind . If Lackey misses any significant time due to surgery on a pre-existing elbow injury during the first five years of the contract , the Red Sox gain a club option for the 2015 season in which Lackey would have to pitch for the major league minimum salary . 5 . George Brett becomes a landlord The contract extension George Brett signed with the Kansas City Royals in 1984 must have been one of the stranger deals in MLB history . The club agreed to give Brett the bat he used in the infamous 1983 "  Pine Tar Game " as part of the pact , but that was n't the only odd perk . The contract also gave him part ownership of an apartment complex in Memphis . At the time , Avron Fogelman co-owned the Royals . Fogelman had made his fortune as a lawyer and real estate baron in Memphis , so when the team needed a little extra incentive to get Brett to sign , they offered the third baseman a piece of one of Fogelman 's developments . Brett 's agent/brother Bobby negotiated the deal ; he referred to the 1,100-apartment complex as "  a nice little kicker . " Brett received a guaranteed cash flow of $ 1 million from the development and retained the right to sell his 10 percent stake to the Royals for $ 2 million . Fogelman 's Royals used the trick a couple more times when they signed reliever Dan Quisenberry and outfielder Willie Wilson to similar deals that gave them stakes in the 700-apartment Stewart 's Ferry development in Nashville .  Quiz got 24.5 percent of the development , while Wilson got 9.5 percent . Fogelman later told the New York Times that he might have given up too much in the hastily negotiated deals . 6 . Barry Bonds gets a legal deal All player contracts are full of legal jargon , but Barry Bonds ' 2007 deal with the San Francisco Giants contained a different kind of legalese . In the wake of Bonds ' ongoing problems with the law , the club negotiated a deal that would allow the Giants to release Bonds or convert his contract to a non-guaranteed deal if he came under indictment for a crime . Moreover , the club contractually severed its relationship with Bonds ' personal trainers and wrote in the deal that said trainers were no longer allowed in team facilities . 7 . Roy Oswalt 's big toy Before pitcher Roy Oswalt made a start in the 2005 National League Championship Series , Astros owner Drayton McLane promised to make the ace 's dreams come true if he won , specifically his life goal of bulldozer ownership . After Oswalt dominated the Cardinals to send Houston to its first World Series , McLane came through with a Caterpillar D6N XL . Since Major League Baseball requires high-dollar gifts be disclosed , Oswalt signed an addendum to his contract , a "  bulldozer clause , " authorizing the club to give him his new toy . 8 . Daisuke Matsuzaka 's lucky number Dice-K 's deal with the Red Sox includes a plethora of strange or excessive clauses including housing allowances and a personal masseuse , but the oddest is that he 's contractually guaranteed the jersey number 18 . 9 . Ichiro wo n't be homeless One would think a guy making a guaranteed $ 17 million a year would n't be too worried about keeping a roof over his head . Not Ichiro Suzuki , though . The Seattle Mariners star outfielder signed a five-year contract extension in July 2007 that included , among other perks , four round-trip airline tickets to Japan each year and the services of an interpreter and trainer throughout the season . It also included a housing allowance for each year of the deal . While the numbers themselves are n't eye-popping -- the allowance ranges from $ 32,000 to $ 36,000 a year over the life of the deal -- kudos to Ichiro for getting someone else to pay his rent . Mental Floss : Where are kids from Sports Illustrated covers ? 10 . Curt Schilling stays skinny By the end of his storied career , outspoken hurler Curt Schilling had started to get a bit doughy . When the Boston Red Sox re-signed him to a one-year deal for $ 8 million before the 2008 season , it included a clause in which Schilling could pick up an extra $ 2 million if he made weight at six random weigh-ins over the course of the season . Schilling picked up a $ 333,333 check each time he did n't tip the scales too far . 11 . Carlos Beltran 's tennis ball launcher Mets outfielder Carlos Beltran 's mammoth seven-year , $ 119 million deal from January 2005 showed that he had all of baseball 's five tools but lacked a conditioned ocular enhancer : a gadget that throws numbered , colored tennis balls over 150 mph to help players pick up the speed of a pitched ball . There 's a clause in the contract requiring that the Mets lease the machine and retain an operator for it . 12 . A.J. Burnett 's family rode in style Lots of players have free-plane-ticket perks written into their contracts , but some feel that air travel really lacks that we 're - going-to-the-prom feeling you can only get from a long limo ride . When current Yankees flamethrower A.J. Burnett signed with Toronto as a free agent in December 2005 , he required that his wife receive eight round-trip limo rides from his home in Maryland to Toronto each season . That 's around nine hours in a limo each way , which is enough time to move the little divider between you and the driver up and down roughly 3,500 times . Mental Floss : A baseball card quiz 13 . Michael Jordan pulls in cash in the minors This last one 's actually a basketball contract . Michael Jordan 's abrupt departure from basketball to play minor league baseball following the Chicago Bulls ' 1993 championship campaign struck a number of observers as odd . How could Jordan quit playing hoops and leave all of that money on the table ? As it turns out , "  His Airness " was losing less cash than we all thought . Bulls owner Jerry Reinsdorf also owned the Chicago White Sox , the team Jordan was playing for in the minors . Even though Jordan was technically retired from basketball , Reinsdorf paid Jordan his $ 4 million salaries for the Bulls seasons he missed .	Some baseball players ' contracts have included creative , generous or ludicrous perks A $ 300 bonus for growing a mustache ; bulldozer for winning NL Championship Schilling got $ 333,333 check when he did n't tip scales too far at six weigh-ins Three K.C. Royals got shares in apartment complexes as signing bonuses
A Montana judge is defending his decision to sentence a former teacher to 31 days in jail for raping a 14-year-old student . Judge G. Todd Baugh said he gave 47-year-old Stacey Dean Rambold "  the right kind of sentence : " 31 days in jail and more than 14 years on probation . In his response to a complaint filed against him with the Montana Judicial Standards Commission , Baugh acknowledges making controversial remarks about victim Cherise Morales at Rambold 's sentencing in August . According to the Montana Attorney General 's Office , the judge said she looked older than her years and was "  probably as much in control of the situation as was the defendant . " Morales committed suicide in February 2010 . "  I am sorry I made those remarks , " the judge wrote . "  They focused on the victim when that aspect of the case should have been focused on the defendant . " Baugh said he weighed all relevant factors in passing sentence . "  The defendant 's last legal or moral transgression was the crime he committed and admitted , " he wrote . "  In the ensuing almost six years , he had legally and morally good conduct , he was reinstated in sex offender treatment and the undisputed evidence supported community placement and treatment . " The length of the sentence , Baugh 's comments and the age disparity between defendant and victim drew criticism and a firestorm of media attention . The Montana Attorney General 's Office last week appealed the 31-day sentence , saying it did not meet the state 's mandatory minimum sentence . Baugh filed his response on November 15 . CNN obtained the document on Monday . Baugh had kind words for Rambold . After Morales ' death , the state offered to defer prosecution if Rambold agreed to undergo sex offender counseling and live under other restrictions . "  The defendant did the morally right thing in agreeing , even though the state did not think it could prove up its case , " Baugh wrote . Later , prosecutors decided to try Rambold because he missed counseling sessions and violated other rules . "  Again , the defendant did the morally correct thing and did not challenge the violation , " Baugh wrote . Rambold had sexual relations with Morales in fall 2007 , when she was 14 and a student in one of his classes at Billings Senior High in Billings , Montana . She confided in a church group leader and Rambold was charged in October 2008 with three counts of sexual intercourse without consent . After the deferred prosecution deal fell apart , the state prosecuted , seeking 10 years imprisonment followed by 10 years ' probation . The defense noted Rambold had already suffered by losing his job and getting divorced and asked for a 15-year sentence , with all but 31 days suspended . Baugh went with the defense suggestion . Opinion : In Montana , a case study in rape culture	Judge says he gave "  the right kind of sentence " He apologizes for remarks about 14-year-old victim She committed suicide before the sentencing Montana attorney general appealing the sentence
CNN  -- The results of an environmental impact study into the Keystone XL pipeline project will be announced Friday afternoon , two senior administration officials and another source familiar with the timing told CNN . The sources were not authorized to speak on the record . "  The  study  is in the final stages of preparation and we anticipate a release of the document soon , " a State Department spokesperson told CNN . "  As a reminder when it is released ,  the study  is not a decision , but another step in the process prescribed by the Executive Order " from the President . What environmentalists and industry observers alike will be looking for is whether the study determines the project would be "  carbon neutral . " If it does , it 's widely expected that the pipeline will ultimately win approval . Still , the process is far from over . Once the results of the study are out , eight U.S. agencies will then comb through it and offer their feedback . Secretary of State John Kerry will make a final recommendation to the White House . The president would then decide whether or not to approve the construction of the pipeline from Alberta , Canada , to the U.S. Gulf Coast . Supporters of the project , which would carry 830,000 barrels of oil a day , say it would reduce imports from other more volatile areas and create jobs . But opponents warn against potential damage to the environment and question whether many long term jobs would be created . A final decision may not come for several months , but this study is a critical step in the process and the results are seen as a key factor in determining whether the project will go ahead .	President Obama will have the final say on the project But before he gets it , eight U.S. agencies will comb over the study The pipeline would carry 830,000 barrels of oil a day Opponents warn against potential damage to the environment
CNN  Pope Francis , who succeeded a resigning pontiff exactly two years ago , told a Mexican television network Friday that he expects his pontificate will be brief . "  Four or five years , " he told Televisa . "  I do not know , even two or three . Two have already passed . It is a somewhat vague sensation . Maybe it 's like the psychology of the gambler who convinces himself he will lose , so he wo n't be disappointed and if he wins , is happy . I do not know . " Francis , who was elected in March 2013 after Pope Benedict XVI stepped down , said his predecessor had reopened a door to more popes emeritus . When asked whether he likes being Pope , he enthusiastically responded : "  I do not mind . " Francis , 78 , said he feels God only wanted him to lead the Roman Catholic Church for a short time "  and nothing more . " He said that he would not support putting an age limit on the papacy . He also enjoys calling on the Pope Emeritus . "  It 's like having a wise grandfather at home . One can seek advice , " Francis said . Francis made similar retirement comments in August when he praised Benedict for "  his beautiful gesture " and said he might do the same thing one day . He told Televisa he misses the ability to go out in public without attracting a huge crowd . "  I would like ... to go out one day , without being recognized , and go to a pizzeria for a pizza , " he said . Also Friday , while at a communal penance service at St. Peter 's Basilica , the Pope announced a "  Jubilee of Mercy " will start in December . The theme will end November 26 , 2016 , the Vatican said . There have been 26 jubilees since the first in 1300 . The most recent was in 2000 . Pope says it 's OK to spank children if you do n't demean them CNN 's Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	Pope has talked of retirement before , but this time he says he think papacy will end after no more than five years Francis says he does n't like the idea of an age limit Ponitff announces a rare jubilee to begin in December
CNN  -- Dr. Charles Raison , CNN 's mental health expert , addresses two questions from readers reacting to a piece on anxiety from Kat Kinsman , CNN Eatocracy managing editor , on her lifelong struggle with the condition . Look for Raison to address other questions in the future . Q : Can using marijuana or having a drink or two be helpful for people with anxiety ? What should they watch out for ? Dr. Raison : If one goes on any search engine looking for study results related to marijuana or alcohol and depression or anxiety , one will immediately see that most of the evidence tells a cautionary tale . Many studies suggest that regular use of either marijuana or alcohol is associated with an increased risk for a variety of mental health problems , anxiety and depression among them . Increasing data suggests that regular marijuana use in adolescence may also be a risk factor for developing very serious psychotic disorders , especially schizophrenia . In addition to promoting other disorders , alcohol is especially liable to abuse and dependence and has ruined innumerable people 's lives for millennia . Far fewer studies have examined whether using these compounds in moderation might improve depression or anxiety . But as Socrates noted almost 2,000 years ago , alcohol is both a blessing and a curse to mankind . Indeed , now we know that the regular modest use of alcohol actually promotes a number of health factors . Similarly , it is increasingly clear that many of the chemicals within marijuana hold great promise for the treatment of physical pain . The endocannabinoid system in the brain -- which is a primary target for marijuana -- has profound effects on how people think and feel . My son is mentally ill , so listen up For example , increasing evidence suggests that the "  runners high " many people get after strenuous exercise is produced primarily by activation of the brain 's ' internal endocannabinoid system . Other chemicals in marijuana impact other brain pathways , like serotonin , that are known to play a role in depression and anxiety . People have been taking a drink or two in the evening since time immemorial . And many people will attest that this practice helps them shed the cares of the day . Recently , I 've met with several very experienced psychiatrists who have been recommending small amounts of marijuana use for for very depressed patients who have n't responded to antidepressants . In some patients , they are reporting remarkable improvements . But the problem at this point is that while many studies have shown an association between alcohol/marijuana and mental illness , I do n't know of any really rigorous studies looking at the therapeutic potential of either for depression and anxiety . Answering the question of what people who use these substances should watch out for is easier . They should watch out for the possibility that they become more anxious or depressed after drinking or using marijuana . And they should keep a close eye on their use , especially use of alcohol , which can be highly addictive . Whatever potential benefit alcohol and marijuana may offer is 100 % lost once they are abused . Q : What are the best anxiety treatments who do n't want  or are afraid  to take medicines ? Is there anything that might ease their concerns ? Is there a point where medication becomes essential ? Dr. Raison : By far the best studied non-medicine treatment for depression or anxiety is psychotherapy . Literally hundreds of studies have shown that on average psychotherapy works as well for these conditions as do medications . Of the various psychotherapies , the best studied is cognitive behavioral therapy , or CBT . But studies are being done all the time , and other forms of therapy are also emerging as highly effective . Over and above the type of therapy employed , a key factor of therapeutic success is the "  fit " between the client/patient and therapist . In practical terms , this means that people should feel comfortable with their therapists . If one feels ignored , looked down upon , dismissed or attacked , it is very unlikely the therapy will be successful . Very often when therapy works people start feeling better within a few weeks , so this is also something to look for . No other non-medical treatment for depression or anxiety has anywhere near the amount of supporting evidence that psychotherapy does . Having said this , significant evidence now points to the usefulness of exercise for improving mental health . Especially when it comes to depression , exercise has been repeatedly shown to be of value . Both strength training and aerobic exercise have benefits and combining them is the best of all . However , to get the full antidepressant effect of exercise requires real commitment . To work optimally , exercise must be engaged in for at least 30 minutes a day five days a week . And the intensity level should be such that one has some difficulty carrying on a conversation while doing it . Anxiety , you 're not the boss of me However , other health benefits accrue from far less strenuous exercise and in general many people feel better with even moderate exercise . Several supplements have shown promise in depression . Both SAMe and L-methylfolate have shown promise as additions to people not fully responding to antidepressants . Most of us in the field think they also work by themselves , although more data are needed . The data for St. John 's Wort is plus/minus . Some evidence suggests that omega-3 fatty acids and N-acetyl-cysteine may also hold promise for the treatment of depression If someone has a pattern of becoming depressed every winter , bright light therapy with a light box delivering at least 10,000 lux of light has been shown to be very effective . About 10 % of the population suffers from some degree of low mood and energy in winter . This phenomenon is more common in cold , dark , gray places than in warm , sunny Southern ones . The power of a light box to lift mood and give energy can really be exceptional . This is an option that is sadly too often overlookied . Many people swear by a variety of non-traditional approaches . The bottom line is that if someone is helped by these modalities and not harmed , the goal has been achieved . Dr. Charles Raison is an associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Arizona in Tucson .	A recent Kat Kinsman piece on anxiety resonated with readers Many of you had questions about treatment and medication CNN Health 's mental health expert Dr. Charles Raison provides answers
Washington  CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner might have taken a cue from Jonathan Gruber . In a Republican press conference Tuesday on the Hill , Boehner made a jab at the President , saying that a Keystone veto would "  be equivalent to calling the American people stupid . " "  Vetoing an overwhelmingly popular bill would be a clear indication that he does n't care about the American people 's priorities , " he said . "  It would be equivalent to calling the American people stupid . " Boehner was making an apparent reference to Gruber , an MIT economist , who recently drew criticism for his comments that the "  stupidity of the American voter " was crucial to passing the President 's health care law . The House passed the bill authorizing the Keystone pipeline Friday 252-161 . Louisiana Democrat Sen. Mary Landrieu , who is pushing for the bill 's passage in an effort to save her seat , said she has the 60 votes the Senate needs to pass the bill later Tuesday . If it does , the Keystone legislation would land on the president 's desk , but the White House has hinted that the president is likely to veto the bill . "  Our dim view of these kinds of proposals has not changed , " Josh Earnest said in a press conference earlier this month . Tiane Austin contributed to this report .	The Senate is voting Tuesday on whether to approve the Keystone XL pipeline The House passed the Keystone bill last Friday Sen. Mary Landrieu said she has secured the 60 votes needed to secure passage
LONDON , England -- A new tool that allows doctors to use laser surgery in complex operations has been hailed as a breakthrough in minimally invasive laser technology . This fiber optic tool is made from the perfect mirror , making it possible to reflect CO2 lasers for the first time . Originally designed as a military tool for the United States Department of Defense  DOD  , the fiber-optic invention is revolutionizing the ways surgeons carry out brain surgeries . The "  Omni directional dielectric mirror " was created by Professor Yoel Fink , a then-29-year-old student in Material Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  in 1995 . "  I was asked to participate in a project funded by the DOD to create the perfect mirror , " Fink told CNN . "  The perfect mirror reflects light from all angles and does not absorb any of it . It could have been used , for example , to reflect back enemy laser beams , " he continued DARPA , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , a subsection of the DOD , specialize in technologies they believe are about 25 years away from being realized and try to make them happen in five years ' time . But they did n't have a long wait before they found their perfect mirror . "  To my own surprise , I found the answer during the very first meeting . I thought everyone would laugh at my suggestion , so I waited until the last two minutes to talk and after I did , the room just fell silent , " Fink , a former commander in the Israeli army , told CNN . He found that by taking two materials with different optical properties  one being a semi-conducting glass and one being a polymer  and stacking these two up in very tight and ultra thin layers , around 1 micron each  1/1000 of a millimeter  , they create an omni-reflector . The most important part of his discovery , however , was that by changing only the thickness and distance of the layers , the "  perfect mirror " could reflect any type of electromagnetic energy in any wavelength . This meant Fink 's invention was useful not only in the military and telecommunications field , but could also be used in minimally invasive laser surgery -- the use of lasers rather than scalpels to operate on everything from tumors , deafness and spine injuries . This type of surgery is known to reduce recovery time , the likelihood of complications and incision size . In many cases , patients also spend less time "  under the knife . " Fink then set about creating a pen-shaped fiber-optic tool that could allow surgeons to easily manipulate the laser and bend it to reach almost any tissue in the body . The results , according to some surgeons who have used it , are astonishing . Dr. Stanley Shapshay , a renowned American Ear Nose and Throat surgeon and former president of the Triological Society told CNN : "  When Yoel first called me to show me his fiber-optic tool made out of this perfect mirror , I was very skeptical as I had seen many unsuccessful trials . " "  But as soon as we did the first tests , I was simply blown away , " he added . Dr. Shapshay has now performed over 100 operations with the "  perfect mirror laser " and says he finds it almost easier to use than a scalpel . Dr. Bendok , a senior neurosurgeon at Northwestern University in the United States , along with his partner , otolaryngologist Dr Andrew Fishman , also rave about the benefit of the fiber optic tool in minimally invasive surgery . In a recent case , Dr. Bendok 's patient had a tumor at the base of the brain , a tumor that could have been more difficult and dangerous to remove without Fink 's device . "  Using the scalpel could have caused a stroke , " Dr. Fishman told CNN . "  Instead we used CO2 laser to melt the tumor and then shave it off . " The whole operation took less than an hour and the patient recovered in only three days . According to Dr. Shapshay , the perfect mirror is also an important development because , for years , doctors were able to treat patients with lasers in only limited circumstances and with many complications . Until the "  perfect mirror " came along there were no fibers that could transport the safer CO2 lasers . Surgeons had to shoot the laser beam directly from its large generator and could do so only at a straight angle , rendering it impossible to reach deeper tissues . "  At the time , CO2 lasers were like the perfect weapon for soldiers , but one that also happened to weigh five tons . They were very cumbersome , " says Dr. Shapshay . The surgeons believe laser technology will now become more widespread with the avenue of this tool that is "  easy and intuitive to use . " Next on Fink 's to-do list is to take his fibers worldwide , especially in Europe , the Middle East and Asia . His company , Omni Guide , aims to expand the tool globally : most clinics using it are currently in the United States . "  I hope it can help patients around the world , " he said .	Perfect Mirror is used to simplify and expand use of minimally invasive laser surgery Some surgeons say new tool is easier to use than a scalpel and safer for patients Senior neurosurgeon saw patient with brain tumor recover in three days Company plans to market fiber optic tool beyond the U.S. to Europe and Asia
CNN  -- Though Bill Clinton has received lots of attention for getting healthy since his 2004 heart surgery -- losing weight , exercising more , improving his diet -- associates of the former president Thursday stressed that Clinton continues to live at a breakneck pace and raised questions about the extent of his lifestyle changes . "  While he eats a lot better than he used to , " one friend tells CNN , "  he certainly indulges every once in a while consistent with past behavior -- -LSB- for example -RSB- fries with his fish . " "  He still works long days and stays up very , very late , " the friend said . "  He has gone from a frenetic pace to what most people would consider a frenetic pace . He 's approaching Social Security , and he 's living a life not that different from his 30s . " After undergoing quadruple bypass operation on four blocked arteries in 2004 , word spread that Clinton had reformed the lifestyle that was immortalized in "  Saturday Night Live " skits about the then-president jogging to McDonald 's . When Clinton left the White House , his cholesterol level was 233 , well above the recommended upper threshold of 200 . And his so-called bad cholesterol jumped 40 points during his final year in office , to around 177 -- about 50 points above normal . After his surgery , Clinton stepped up his advocacy for fighting obesity . In 2005 , he announced he was partnering with the American Heart Association to fight rising childhood obesity rates . The following year , he appeared before the National Governors Association to urge state executives to fight rising obesity rates , mentioning his McDonald 's habit and wishing out loud for the fast-food chain 's french fries to be cooked in olive oil . Even while crusading against obesity and appearing trimmer than in his White House days , however , Clinton has shied away from discussing lifestyle reforms since his surgery . "  I ate a lot of stuff that was high in fat . ... I ate a lot of it , " the former president told CNN 's chief medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , as he described his life before surgery in a 2005 interview . "  And you know , I just did n't think about it . And I did n't have regular exercise . " But Clinton has avoided giving details about his post-surgery diet and exercise routine . Friends say Clinton introduced healthier foods to his diet but has n't written off fries and steaks entirely . And they stressed that his schedule is as nonstop as ever , with the president frequently skipping sleep until his next plane trip . " -LSB- The -RSB- whole time I have known him -- goes back 20 years -- he 's led a hectic life , " said former Clinton adviser and CNN analyst David Gergen . " -LSB- There -RSB- ought to be two Bill Clintons in order to keep up the pace he does . I think it has been especially relentless in the last few months . " Clinton 's role as the United Nations special envoy for Haiti has taken him twice to the earthquake-ravaged nation and he is leading efforts to raise money for the hard-hit area . Douglas Band , a counselor to the former president , said Thursday -- citing the former president 's doctors -- that the symptoms that provoked Clinton 's hospitalization were n't related to work , diet or cholesterol . While keeping mostly mum on lifestyle changes , Clinton has opened up about his lifelong struggle with weight since undergoing surgery . In announcing the American Heart Association partnership in 2005 , for instance , Clinton disclosed that he weighed 210 pounds by the time he was 15 . "  I was probably in the last generation of Americans where people widely thought a fat baby was a healthy baby , " Clinton told CNN 's Gupta . "  I always battled my weight , all of the way through school . " In a series of 2007 ads for Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign , Clinton poked fun at his weight struggles . One spot showed the former president daydreaming about a cheese burger while running on a treadmill . "  Exercising is hard , " a voice in the ad said , comparing it to the ease of attending an Iowa caucus . CNN 's Dan Gilgoff and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	"  He still works long days and stays up very , very late , " the friend said "  While he eats a lot better than he used to , " he still indulges , one friend tells CNN "  Ought to be two Bill Clintons in order to keep up the pace he does , " says David Gergen
CNN  -- On Sunday , Raquel and Pedro Alvarado buried three of their children -- Erica , Alex and Jose Angel -- in the Mexican village of El Control , just five miles south of the Texas border . The final resting place for the youths -- all in their 20s -- is the place where their family originated . But this small community , administered by the larger border city of Matamoros , merely provides bookends to the lives these three Americans had north of the Rio Grande . The siblings were born in the United States , grew up in Progreso , Texas , and continued to make their lives there . They disappeared on October 13 -- kidnapped , witnesses say -- as they returned to Texas from a trip to visit their father in El Control . Their bodies were found last week . Each was bound at their hands and feet , the Tamaulipas State Attorney General 's Office said , and each had a gunshot wound to the head . A fourth victim , Jose Castaneda , met the same fate . Castaneda was Erica 's boyfriend , her family said . All four were killed the same day they disappeared , a spokesman for the State Attorney General 's Office said , without elaborating . Some witnesses told investigators that the armed men who confronted and took the youths belonged to a new security force known as "  Grupo Hercules , " State Attorney General Ismael Quintanilla Acosta told reporters . Grupo Hercules was created one month before the disappearance of the youths . It is touted as an elite security force under the direction of the mayor of Matamoros , 37-year-old Leticia Salazar . In parts of Mexico like this stretch of border , where drug cartels battle each other and law enforcement , things are n't always what they seem . Drug gangs have been known to pose as cops . Cops have been known to be on cartel payrolls . Cases of mistaken identity have had deadly consequences . But what troubles Pedro and Raquel Alvarado is that no one has offered a motive or theory about why their children and Castaneda were killed . No one has accused the Alvarado siblings of being involved in criminal activity . And while nine members of Grupo Hercules were interrogated by investigators , no arrests have been made . Salazar , the Matamoros mayor , has neither defended nor disciplined her security forces -- at least publicly . Contacted by CNN , Salazar referred questions to the city 's public affairs team , which earlier said it did not have any comment on the allegations against Grupo Hercules and could not confirm why the group was created or even its size . In a news release announcing the group 's unveiling , Grupo Hercules is described as being tasked with combating crime and made up of forces capable of carrying out intelligence and high-risk operations . A week ago , the attorney general said his investigators would call in the mayor for questioning , but that has not happened . "  I do n't know why they took them , " Pedro Alvarado said . "  They did n't start trouble with anyone . They were quiet , not aggressive . " If her children were mixed up in something criminal , there should be a record of their arrests or charges against them , but those are nonexistent , Raquel Alvarado said . "  If I knew they were doing something wrong , I would have recognized it as their mother , " she said . "  And until someone proves otherwise , I will continue defending them . " Pedro , Raquel 's former husband , was the one to identify the remains of his children , which were in an advanced state of decomposition , the State Attorney General 's Office said . He identified them by their clothing , shoes and some tattoos . The U.S. Consulate in Matamoros has been assisting the family . "  We have been in contact with Mexican officials both in Washington and in Mexico to find out further details of the case , and will take appropriate action  if necessary  once more is known about the circumstances , " a State Department official said . An FBI spokeswoman said the agency is assisting Mexican officials with any part of the investigation on the U.S. side of the border . Three lives The final Facebook post that Erica Alvarado shared -- at least publicly -- is a fitting , if unplanned , goodbye . It is a collage of photos of her four children atop a backdrop with the words "  I love you . " She was born in Florida , and like her siblings , grew up in Progreso , a Texas town on the border and about as close as you can get to El Control on the U.S. side of the boundary . She was a dedicated mother , Pedro Alvarado said , and was planning to enroll in a nursing program . Her brother Alex loved his Chevy Tahoe , his father said . Alex 's social media postings reflect that : photos of the Tahoe muddied , photos after a paint job , the Tahoe as a profile picture . The same armed men who took his children took the Tahoe , Pedro Alvarado said . The 22-year-old had a prominent tattoo on his left arm -- an image of St. Jude , the saint of lost causes -- the father said . By now , Alex and his brother , Jose Angel , should have been in Missouri , doing seasonal agricultural work , Pedro Alvarado said . Jose Angel was born in Houston , and Alex in Harlingen , during Pedro 's own days as a seasonal migrant worker in the United States , their father said . Routine visit The siblings visited their father in El Control each week , Pedro Alvarado said . On their short drive back to Texas , the Alvarado siblings stopped at "  La Curva Texas , " a small restaurant underneath the last major overpass before the Los Indios International Bridge , Pedro Alvarado said . They arrived separately , Raquel Alvarado said . According to what witnesses have told her , Alex and Jose Angel arrived at the restaurant to find armed men beating up their sister and her boyfriend . The brothers intervened , and the armed men overpowered all four and placed hoods over their heads before escorting them away , the mother said . It was there , he said , that they were last seen before their bodies were found 16 days later . Raquel Alvarado said she and Pedro have told all this to authorities , but she accuses investigators of moving slowly . The facts that are known , she said , are thanks to the investigative work of Pedro , who tracked down witnesses . There was an outpouring of support at the funeral , Raquel Alvarado said . Family from across Texas and Mexico attended , and when the funeral procession moved from the church to the burial ground , they found that the crowd would n't fit in the cemetery . On Monday , the mother was back in Progreso , hoping to get some sleep to recover from the whirlwind of mourning , frustration and media spotlight . "  I hope when I wake up I will learn this was all a nightmare , " she said . "  But I know it is n't . " Mexican mayor , wife arrested in case of missing students CNN 's Elwyn Lopez and Rosa Flores contributed to this report .	Three siblings from Texas , another man , went missing in Mexico on October 13 Some witnesses say security forces took them Erica , Alex and Jose Angel Alvarado , and a fourth person who was with them were found dead They were buried Sunday in Mexico
CNN  -- Undefeated wonder horse Black Caviar maintained her perfect record with a convincing win on Saturday in a race named after her -- the Black Caviar Lightening Stakes at Flemington Racecourse in Melbourne . The six-year-old superstar , who has now won all 23 of her races , had been on the brink of retirement after sustaining muscle damage during a narrow victory in the Diamond Jubilee Stakes at Royal Ascot last June . Read : Last hurrah for Black Caviar ? But she has been gradually regaining full fitness under trainer Peter Moody , who used a combination of hydrotherapy and laser treatment to get his charge back in racing trim . "  We were on a hiding to nothing by bringing her back , " Moody said . "  The job was done and we thought it was over , but to come back and do that and run a record , I 'm lost for words , " he added .	Wonder horse Black Caviar returns to action after injury layoff Undefeated mare wins by two-and-a-half-lengths to record 23rd victory
CNN  U2 lead singer Bono is not having a good month . Days after a rear hatch flew off his aircraft midair , a bicycle accident in New York landed him in an operating room this week . It turns out his injuries were not minor . The singer had a "  high-energy bicycle accident " when he tried to avoid another rider Sunday at Central Park , according to New York Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center , where he was treated . The hospital released details on his injuries for the first time Wednesday night . Bono underwent hours of multiple surgeries after the accident , it said . He broke his arm in six spots , fractured his eye socket and also his shoulder blade -- the latter in three places , according to Dr. Dean Lorich , a trauma surgeon at the hospital . Doctors operated on him for five hours Sunday , which included repairing his bone with three metal plates and 18 screws , Lorich said in a statement . A day later , he had surgery on his left hand to repair a fracture . "  He will require intensive and progressive therapy . However , a full recovery is expected , " the doctor said . Bono 's mishaps this month could have been much worse . The rear hatch of his aircraft dropped off midflight on his way from Dublin to Berlin on November 13 . The ground crew discovered the hatch was missing shortly after the plane landed . Two suitcases flew out , but all six people aboard were fine .	The singer had a "  high-energy bicycle accident " at Central Park on Sunday His injuries include a broken arm and a fractured eye socket Doctors operated on him for hours Sunday and Monday
CNN  -- His voice wavering , Mark Mattioli wiped away tears as he recalled the day his 6-year-old son died when a man wielding an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle broke into Sandy Hook Elementary School and began shooting . His son , James , was among the 20 children and seven adults killed by Adam Lanza on December 14 in Newtown , Connecticut -- an event so horrific that it has since spawned a federal task force and kick-started a national conversation about gun control . But unlike the handful of other parents who testified Monday at the emotionally charged hearing in Hartford , Connecticut , Mattioli said there are more than enough gun laws on the books . He called instead for a closer look at mental health policies . Why new laws could miss America 's bigger gun problem "  I do n't care if you named it ` James ' law , ' I do n't want  another law  , " he said during the first of a series of meetings set up by a legislative task force assigned to review the state 's gun laws . "  I think there 's much more promise for a solution in identifying , researching and creating solutions along the lines of mental health . " Connecticut 's medical examiner said he was told that Lanza , 20 , had Asperger 's syndrome . Research has not shown a link between that condition and violence . The hearing drew hundreds to the Connecticut state house and revealed the sharp divide in public opinion over what should happen next in the massacre 's aftermath . "  The time is now , " said Veronique Pozner , whose son , Noah , was also killed , referring to a strengthening of the nation 's gun laws . Sandy Hook probe to extend until summer With a framed photo of her slain 6-year-old propped up beside her , Pozner called on Connecticut to become "  an agent for change " across the country . During her testimony , she held up a crayon drawing that Noah once scrawled on Thanksgiving . "  I am thankful for the life I live , " he wrote . At one point during the hearing , Neil Heslin , father of a 6-year-old boy named Jesse who was also gunned down that day , asked why the public needed assault weapons and high-capacity magazines . Some people in the crowd then interrupted his statement and shouted the "  Second Amendment shall not be infringed . " "  We 're not living in the Wild West . We 're not a Third World nation , " Heslin continued . "  We have the strongest military in the world . We do n't need to defend our homes with weapons like that . " Connecticut already has some of the nation 's strictest gun laws . Gov. Dannel Malloy , a first-term Democrat , has also vowed to address the factors that led to last month 's massacre and set up a 16-member panel of experts to come up with recommendations . It includes experts who reviewed policies after mass shootings in Colorado and at Virginia Tech . The panel must meet a March 15 deadline for its initial report , which Malloy is expected to use in drafting initiatives aimed at reducing gun violence . Newtown parents learn comforting details about son 's death	Mark Mattioli , a parent of a Sandy Hook victim , says there are more than enough gun laws "  The time is now " to strengthen gun laws , says Veronique Pozner , another parent Crowd interrupts the statement of a parent of a slain child Connecticut has some of the nation 's strictest gun laws
CNN  -- After reviewing the case of a woman who died at New Orleans , Louisiana 's Memorial Hospital in the days after Hurricane Katrina , coroner Frank Minyard said Thursday that he can not classify her death as a homicide . Minyard said he hopes his findings on the death of Jannie Burgess , 79 , will mark "  the end of the Memorial Hospital hurricane situation . " The review was initiated after an August 2009 New York Times article quoted a doctor as saying Memorial patients were given morphine and other drugs after Katrina struck in August 2005 , with hospital staff knowing that it could hasten some of the patients ' deaths . Burgess ' manner of death is unclassified , the coroner said , and the cause of her death undetermined . "  I do n't think -- and I could be wrong -- I do n't think the morphine contributed as much to her demise as her physical condition , " said Minyard , who 's served as the coroner of Orleans Parish since 1974 . "  This patient was extremely sick , " Minyard said of Burgess . The woman had had surgery a week before and had been on "  morphine around the clock . She 'd had kidney failure . She 'd had liver failure . " She also had developed sepsis , or blood poisoning , he said . Burgess was being treated for advanced uterine cancer and kidney failure , according to the New Orleans Times-Picayune . Dr. Ewing Cook told the New York Times that he asked a nurse to increase Burgess ' morphine and give her "  enough until she goes . " "  If you do n't think that by giving a person a lot of morphine , you 're not prematurely sending them to their grave , then you 're a very naive doctor , " Cook told the Times . "  We kill 'em . " On Burgess , he said , "  I gave her medicine so I could get rid of her faster , get the nurses off the floor . " He added , "  There 's no question I hastened her demise . " In response to a Times-Picayune report in September , Orleans Parish District Attorney Leon Cannizzaro Jr. said he planned to look into the deaths but stopped short of calling it an investigation . Minyard said Thursday that he had delivered a detailed report to Cannizzaro on Wednesday . Because she had been receiving morphine , Burgess had naturally developed some tolerance to it , Minyard said . He also took her weight , 240 pounds , into account . Burgess had received seven 15-milligram shots of morphine and died 3 1/2 hours after receiving the last one , he said . Deaths from morphine , or any narcotic , tend to happen immediately , he said . Minyard said he believes that Burgess ' blood poisoning , along with anemia she had before her surgery , mostly contributed to her death . "  I 'm saying ` mostly ' because we really do n't know , " he said . "  And when you really do n't know , you have to be 100 percent sure " when calling a death a homicide . He said he does n't believe that Burgess received enough morphine to kill her . Minyard said Thursday that when he told Burgess ' relatives about his findings , "  they were very polite . " He said they will come in to speak with him soon . Katrina roared ashore near the Mississippi-Louisiana state line on August 29 , 2005 , rupturing three of New Orleans ' protective levees and putting about three-quarters of the city under water . Charles Foti Jr. , who was then the state attorney general , launched an investigation after officials from Lifecare , an acute-care facility operating on the seventh floor of Memorial , reported allegations that several seriously ill , mostly elderly patients had been euthanized by medical staff at Memorial as the floodwaters rose around the hospital and conditions inside deteriorated . In 2006 , Foti ordered the arrest of Dr. Anna Pou and two nurses , Lori Budo and Cheri Landry , on preliminary charges of second-degree murder in the deaths of four of the patients . Former Orleans Parish District Attorney Eddie Jordan , who under Louisiana law was responsible for prosecuting crimes , gave Budo and Landry immunity in exchange for their testimony . In July 2007 , a grand jury refused to indict Pou . Foti said his investigation revealed that the four patients were given a "  lethal cocktail " of morphine and midazolam hydrochloride , both central nervous system depressants . The patients were 63 , 68 , 91 and 93 , he said . Pou , Landry and Budo denied the charges , and their attorneys said they acted heroically , staying to treat patients rather than evacuate . In an interview with Newsweek magazine in 2007 , Pou admitted giving the patients drugs . "  If in doing so it hastened their deaths , then that 's what happened , " she said . "  But this was not ` I 'm going to go to the seventh floor and murder some people . ' We 're here to help patients . " The grand jury never heard testimony from five specialists who advised Foti that the patients were deliberately killed with overdoses of drugs after Katrina struck . All five were brought in by Foti 's office to analyze the deaths and concluded that the patients were homicide victims . After the grand jury refused to indict Pou , Jordan called the case closed and said he would no longer pursue it . CNN and the Times-Picayune have filed suit seeking the release of Foti 's investigative file into the deaths . CNN was the first to report the allegations of euthanasia , six weeks after the hurricane . The case went to the Louisiana Supreme Court , which in July sent it back to the trial court to rule on whether criminal charges in the case are reasonably anticipated . No new trial date has been set , Lori Mince , the New Orleans attorney representing the media organization , said Thursday . Hospital workers identified only as John and Jane Does have sued to block the file 's release , claiming that the records are covered by grand jury secrecy rules , that they should have been considered confidential informants and that releasing the documents would violate their privacy .	79-year-old Jannie Burgess died in New Orleans hospital Newspaper quoted doctor as saying patients given morphine after storm "  This patient was extremely sick , " coroner says He said he does n't think received enough morphine to kill her
President Barack Obama has said that Russian President Vladimir Putin has violated international law by sending troops into the Crimea . Law is on Obama 's side , which is why Putin is organizing his justification counter-offensive . The United Nations charter  article 2  4   prohibits "  the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state , or in any other manner inconsistent with the Purposes of the United Nations . " Ukrainian lawyers have said there are additional treaties Putin is violating . Putin 's forces were apparently concerned enough about the U.N prohibition to strip the identifying markers off Russian soldiers before sending them into Crimea , and to now call these troops "  local defense forces . " But removing their insignias does not change the facts . Putin 's new tactic is to claim that Russia has been invited in . It is illegal to invade another country , but not illegal to send in help when a legitimate government requests it . Putin has asserted that Ukraine 's ousted president , Viktor F. Yanukovych , remains the Ukraine 's legitimate president , and he has asked for help . Putin may also be behind the influx of protest tourists to Ukraine who pretend they are Ukrainians asking for Russian help . Opinion : Putin 's Ukrainian endgame There is a long and storied tradition of governments inventing a legal premise to justify their actions . During the Cold War , President Reagan justified U.S. intervention in Grenada as necessary to protect Americans living on the island . Reagan also defended U.S. military support in Nicaragua as collective self-defense requested by El Salvador . These claims were just as credible as Putin 's claims , which is to say : not very . Putin cares little whether his actions violate international law . But the Europeans and Americans who will organize a response do care , and ordinary Russians may also care , which is why Putin is working to create the appearance of legal intervention . While only the U.N. Security Council  where Russia holds veto power  can authorize a collective response to Russian aggression , the legal principle of "  responsibility to protect " allows individual states and groups of states to legally justify their response to illegal acts of aggression . Where might all this lead ? The answer depends on who ends up ruling Ukraine . And this is the point . Each side is now wooing its future dance partner : Americans and Europeans are wooing Ukraine 's pro-Western political forces , and Putin is stirring fears of ethnic Russians and seeking support for a pro-Russian government . An anti-Putin Ukrainian government could try to bring a case to the International Court of Justice over the illegal use of force in Russia 's incursion into Crimea . This is the strategy Georgian leaders tried after Russia 's last foreign intervention , but the effort failed . Since Russia does not accept the International Court of Justice 's general jurisdiction , Georgia instead charged Russia with the illegal use of force , and with violating the International Convention on the Elimination of all forms of Racial Discrimination , which Russia has ratified . The ICJ rejected jurisdiction in the case , however , because without Russia 's preconsent the ICJ could not decide claims about illegal force . For the racial discrimination convention , Georgia would have to first try to negotiate with Russia over its disagreements . Any Ukrainian government would find itself similarly hampered . Imagine that an anti-Russian Ukrainian government gained power and actually won its legal suit . Then what ? In the best-case scenario , Ukraine would win a legal declaration on its side , which might make Russia liable to compensate Ukraine for its losses . Russia could then refuse to comply , or it could do what the United States did to settle the illegal use of force suit that Nicaragua won in front of the ICJ . Russia could require that Ukraine relinquish its claim if it wants to receive its aid package . And Ukraine would have few options , since ICJ rulings can only be enforced by the Security Council  again , on which Russia holds veto power  . Opinion : How Putin carries out power grab A more likely scenario is that the issue will never get this far . Even if an anti-Putin government wins the upcoming election , Ukraine is still too dependent on Russian energy to antagonize it by bringing a legal suit that will achieve so little . The International Criminal Court is not likely to become involved , in any event , since neither Russia nor Ukraine have ratified the Rome Statute , which would give the International Criminal Court the right to claim jurisdiction over the case . Nor would the Security Council refer the matter to the court . The reality is that international law has little to offer right now . This will only be the case , however , as long as Russia does not engage in mass atrocities ; these would change the political calculus Human rights violations can be pursued by Ukraine 's new government , or by individuals raising legal claims in front of the European Court of Human Rights , where both Russia and the Ukraine are signatory members . Russia actually has a good record for paying awards ordered by the European Court of Human Rights . At this point , international law 's largest contribution may be to channel Russia 's response . International law is leading Putin to step back from the more overtly illegal strong-arm tactics associated with sending in troops , and he knows that any mass atrocities would provoke a more serious international response . International law wo n't stop an invasion , and in light of the events in Syria , odds are that neither side wants to escalate to the point of mass atrocities . So international law stands ready on the sidelines , a tool of both sides to justify their actions .	Karen Alter : Obama says Putin violated international law ; Putin wants to make it look otherwise She says Putin argues Ukraine asked for help . And Russia veto would let it block U.N. response She says Russia rejects much of international law 's jurisdiction . It 's not much help here Alter : Lawsuit from Ukraine likely would n't fare well , but threat helps channel Russia response
CNN  -- Over the past two days , President Barack Obama has finally weighed in on the tragic shooting of Michael Brown , as well as the wave of protests that emerged in its aftermath . In an official White House statement on Wednesday and a brief speech from Martha 's Vineyard on Thursday , the President played his usual role of "  the uniter , " preaching calm and healing to the American public . I wish he 'd just said nothing . To be clear , I did n't have any unrealistic expectations for Obama . I did n't expect him to pump a black fist in solidarity or scream "  fight the power " from the makeshift press room . I did n't even need him to take a clear side on the issue . I did , however , expect him to tell the truth . Instead , the President delivered a polite but ultimately dangerous message to the American public . Noticeably absent from President Obama 's remarks was the issue of race . Despite Ferguson being 68 % black , Ferguson 's police force is nearly all white . Blacks in the town comprise 86 % of all vehicle stops and 85 % of all arrests . Over the past week , black residents of the town have complained of racial harassment from law enforcement . That , combined with the trend of unarmed black men being the victims of extrajudicial killings , makes the racial implications of Brown 's death quite strong . Even if one were to believe that Michael Brown 's killing had nothing to do with race -- a na  ve position at best -- the wave of protests and debates that emerged after it happened have been undeniably racial . By not mentioning this racial dimension , the President reinforced the immature notion that racism can be defeated simply by pretending it does n't exist . Full coverage on Ferguson shooting Rather than leading the nation into a new level of racial understanding and dialogue , the President took the safe path through the door of post-racial rhetoric . Obama has also placed the highest priority on remaining calm . While this may seem reasonable on its face , particularly against the backdrop of rioting and looting , his words failed to acknowledge the legitimacy of black anger . Black people die violent deaths way out of proportion to their numbers , sometimes killed by rogue cops and even more often each other . Why would we not be angry ? Opinion : Obama needs to lead on racial profiling legislation But unlike black-on-black violence , which is tragic but typically punished through proper legal channels , killings of unarmed young people by law enforcement continue to happen with impunity . Instead of acknowledging the legitimacy of black anger over this , the President simply told us to calm down and stop looting . In doing so , he joined the chorus of far too many politicians and civil rights leaders who understate and trivialize righteous anger in order to show the public that they have "  the people " under control . Perhaps most frustrating , however , was the president 's insistence on using the language of equivalence when describing the rioting . Similar to his "  Philadelphia Compromise " speech on race back in in 2008 , where he ignored the legacy of white supremacy and placed the racial frustrations of white and black Americans on equal historical tiers , Obama chided both black rioters and Ferguson police with the same moral tone . The President ignored the fact that the militarized Ferguson police force were the antagonists of the unrest , in both shooting the unarmed Brown and then using excessive force during the protests . In doing so , he  perhaps unwittingly  supported the narrative in some quarters of well-intentioned police officers whose hands were forced by violent natives .	In Brown shooting , Obama preached calm . Marc Lamont Hill would rather he 'd said nothing He says Obama left out mention of race , a clear factor in police antagonism in Ferguson He says extrajudicial killings of blacks undeniable ; Obama comments left this out Hill : Obama chided protester , cops in same moral tone ; equivalence gave cops cover
CNN  -- Is al Qaeda looking to ground transportation as a promising target after the introduction of intense security measures for air travel ? And are its supporters able to operate out of Iran without hindrance ? Those two questions have been raised after the announcement by Canadian police on Monday that they had thwarted a plot to attack a rail link between Canada and the United States . The Canadian announcement has puzzled some terrorism experts , because Iranian authorities are widely seen as hostile to al Qaeda . Iran has denied the conspiracy could have been plotted from its territory . Canadian officials say they did not think the alleged conspirators were "  state-sponsored " but suspect al Qaeda elements in Iran had provided two men in Canada with direction , guidance and information . As CNN National Security analyst Peter Bergen noted , "  If these allegations are true , it would appear to be the first time that al Qaeda elements based in Iran have directed some kind of plot in the West . " While Western intelligence agencies have long thought that al Qaeda operatives are present on Iranian soil , they were thought to be under some form of house arrest and under strict control . Many al Qaeda sympathizers and members took refuge in Iran in the aftermath of the post 9/11 invasion of Afghanistan , including one son of Osama bin Laden , Saad bin Laden , and a son-in-law , Sulaiman Abu Ghaith . Abu Ghaith left Iran in February this year and entered Turkey , but was subsequently arrested in Jordan and flown to the United States in March . It 's still unknown whether he left Iran of his own volition or was told to go . But Iran has become increasingly hostile to al Qaeda as it has become a Sunni sectarian group , especially in Iraq and Syria , as much as an anti-western outfit . In Syria , the al Qaeda-linked Jabhat al Nusra is one of the most effective fighting groups against the regime of Bashar al-Assad , which is heavily backed by Tehran . The vast majority of Iranians are from the Shia sect of Islam , and al Qaeda has frequently targeted Shia communities and mosques in Iraq . Al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahiri has often railed against Iran in his speeches . But the United States says there appears to have been some tactical co-operation between the Islamic Republic and al Qaeda . In 2011 , the U.S. Treasury Department accused Iran of a "  secret deal with al-Qa ` ida allowing it to funnel funds and operatives through its territory . " Railroad Targets Another aspect of the alleged Canadian plot is that it underlines the enduring interest of al Qaeda and its supporters in attacking railroad systems , seeing such operations as relatively cheap and easy to carry out -- with potentially devastating results . A senior law enforcement official in the United States told CNN 's Gloria Borger that one of the routes targeted was between New York and Toronto , with the alleged conspirators looking at possible targets in the Toronto area , such as trestles over roads or water . "  I worry about the vulnerability of mass transit because we know they 've been on al Qaeda 's radar screen , " Robert Liscouski , a former director of infrastructure protection at the Department of Homeland Security , told CNN . Liscouski said that while significant steps had been taken in the United States to make air travel more secure , not enough was being done to reduce the vulnerability of mass transit to bomb attacks . He told CNN that there needed to be greater investment in random searches by agents with explosive trace detection equipment and greater deployment of CCTV cameras , saying the extra investment needed in mass transit security amounted to a fraction of the economic cost of a successful attack . Al Qaeda 's interest in attacking railroads was underlined in the wake of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden in May 2011 . Documents recovered from his compound in Abbottabad in Pakistan revealed that early in 2010 , al Qaeda had discussed an idea to derail a train in the United States , several U.S. officials told CNN . The plan was to be executed coinciding with the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks . By then , two plots against U.S. railroad targets had already been foiled . In March 2008 , American al Qaeda recruit Bryant Neal Vinas discussed a plan to attack the Long Island Railroad with al Qaeda operatives in a jihadist encampment in the tribal areas of Pakistan . Vinas later testified that his idea was for an al Qaeda operative to leave a suitcase bomb with a timer on a train and then exit at a station before the device exploded . His al Qaeda handler then decided the best scheme would be to launch a suicide bombing on a train as it entered a tunnel , to create maximum devastation . In September 2009 , the FBI broke up an al Qaeda plot by Najibullah Zazi and two others to bomb New York subway lines . At their subsequent trial two of the group testified that they settled on a plan to target New York subways during rush hour so they could cause the heaviest number of casualties , instill fear , and inflict maximum economic damage . Authorities were alerted to the planned attack only days before Zazi drove from Denver to New York , after his communication with a known al Qaeda facilitator in Pakistan was intercepted . Zazi had apparently been asking his handler for help in making the explosive TATP . Al Qaeda cells have also plotted attacks on railway systems in Spain and Germany . The most lethal was carried out on board several commuter trains in Madrid in March 2004 , in which 191 people were killed and more than 1,700 injured . There is little evidence to link "  al Qaeda central " with the Madrid attack , which involved a cell of mainly Moroccan immigrants . Several weeks later the cell that carried out the attack attempted to blow up a bridge on the Madrid-Seville high-speed train line . The plot was abandoned after the terrorists realized they had been spotted by nearby workers , who alerted police , a Spanish official told CNN . The official added that hundreds could have been killed given the quantity of explosives left at the scene . The explosives were similar to those used in the Madrid attacks . Bomb disposal experts found between 24 pounds  10 and 12kg  of explosives connected to a detonator with a 440-foot  135-meter  cable . On July 7 , 2005 , al Qaeda suicide bombers killed dozens on the London underground system . A follow-on attempt two weeks later failed when the bombs malfunctioned . In December 2012 , German police discovered a crude improvised explosive device placed in a bag on a platform at the main railway station in Bonn . German authorities have stated they have "  robust evidence " Islamist extremists were involved but no arrests have yet been made .	Canadian authorities suspect al Qaeda elements in Iran provided guidance to alleged plotters Iran has denied the alleged rail conspiracy could have been plotted from its territory Western intelligence has long thought any al Qaeda operatives in Iran are under strict control Al Qaeda 's interest in attacking railroads underscored following death of Osama bin Laden
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Officials had power fully restored Sunday afternoon after a 6.5-magnitude earthquake off the northern California coast Saturday left thousands without electricity . The quake , which ran about 13.5 miles deep , hit at 4:27 p.m. Saturday , about 33 miles from the coastal city of Eureka , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Nearly a dozen aftershocks followed , the strongest at 4.5 magnitude . They continued into the early morning hours Sunday . David Eisenhower , spokesman for Pacific Gas and Electric Company , said power had been restored to all customers Sunday afternoon . About 28,000 customers , most in Humboldt County , were initially without power . The company launched helicopters Sunday morning to patrol for gas leaks at the transmission lines that run through remote areas , he said , adding there have been no reports of such leaks . There were no reports of serious injuries or damage . See iReports from areas affected by earthquake St. Joseph Hospital in Eureka said it treated several people for minor quake-related injuries , but none were significant enough for the patient to be admitted . Chris Durant , a reporter for the Eureka Times-Standard , said he was working on the second floor of the newspaper 's concrete building when he and his colleagues felt the earthquake . "  We are used to feeling small ones , " he said , "  but after the first few seconds , we looked at each other and said , ` This is not a small one . ' " Eureka resident Cole Machado told CNN he was talking on the phone when he felt the ground shake . "  I thought my TV was going to fall over . " Tom Grinsell , the fire chief in the nearby town of Ferndale , said it was "  one of the strongest quakes I remember in quite a while . I assumed it was going to be a lot worse than we 're seeing . " He said the quake had a "  strong shaking to it and was rather lengthy . " Grinsell said his department has received numerous calls about broken glass , emptied shelves , and stucco and plaster knocked off walls . He added that the damage is cosmetic and that no buildings have collapsed . Grinsell said officials have asked residents to stay off the roads because of debris , and to conserve water until it 's certain there is no damage to the water system . Ferndale resident Jessica Stephens Tucker described the movement from the temblor : "  It rolled and rolled and then it slammed . " Dave Magni , owner of the Ivanhoe Hotel in Ferndale , said , "  We are sitting in a sea of booze " after the quake . Are you there ? Send your iReports A 6.5-magnitude quake is considered "  strong " , said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras , who noted that about 120 earthquakes of that strength are recorded worldwide each year . CNN 's Dina Majoli , Nick Valencia , Steve Brusk , Samira Simone , Leslie Tripp and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Utility helicopters patrolling for possible gas line breaks caused by quake At height of 6.5-magnitude quake , nearly 28,000 California residents were without power Quake hit offshore Saturday about 33 miles from Eureka California residents describe ground rolling beneath them
Davos  CNN  -- Selfie is the word du jour , and it became cause celebre at Nelson Mandela 's funeral when the Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt took a selfie with U.S. President Barack Obama and UK Prime Minister David Cameron . But there is no easy way to ask serious-minded men and women who hold high office , and who have matters of state on their mind , "  do you mind if I take a quick selfie ? " To be sure , they know what it is and may even have engaged in selfie-ing themselves . But in the grand world of Davos , it is perhaps unseemly to be seen taking selfies . Which is why I decided the selfie challenge was such a good idea . Who would and who would not agree to the selfie ? Out of consideration for their feelings I am not revealing who refused . Nor will I show you the selfie of the central banker that is best left in my iPhone . No , what is here are the good and the great that said yes . And to be honest , most seem to enjoy it anyway . The Royalty Ok , not exactly royalty in the traditional sense . The international leaders With Ban Ki-Moon , the U.N. Secretary-General , and Christine Lagarde , head of the International Monetary Fund . The politicians Top row from left : Tony Blair , former UK Prime Minister , George Osborne , the UK Chancellor and Boris Johnson , the Mayor of London . Bottom row from left : Benjamin Netanyahu , Israel 's Prime Minister , Alex Stubb , Finnish Minister for European Affairs , and Pierre Moscovici , Finance Minister of France . The business executives From left : Bob Dudley , chief executive of BP , Christophe de Margerie , chief executive of Total S.A. , Christopher J. Nassetta , who heads Hilton Worldwide , and Jacob Frenkel , chair of JPMorgan Chase International . The colleagues With World Business Today anchor Nina dos Santos . And here 's executive producer Penny Manis with her selfie , featuring U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry -- or is it a photobomb ? See Richard Quest 's full selfie collection below : Davos 2014 : Compete coverage	Selfie is the word du jour and became a cause celebre during Nelson Mandela 's funeral Quest decided to embark on a selfie challenge in Davos , at the World Economic Forum Here is the result -- and a guest appearance from executive producer Penny Manis
CNN  -- A Texas judge sentenced a Mexican drug gang leader to life in prison Thursday after he pleaded guilty to murder and weapons charges related to the killing of a U.S. consulate employee and her husband , officials said . Jose Antonio Acosta Hernandez , 34 , also pleaded guilty to racketeering , drug trafficking and money laundering charges at his trial in El Paso , Texas , the U.S. Department of Justice said in a statement . The authorities said Acosta , who is also known as "  El Diego , " admitted that he had directed or participated in more than 1,500 murders since 2008 , when he became the leader of La Linea -- the enforcement arm of the Juarez cartel -- and a local boss for the cartel in the Mexican cities of Juarez and Chihuahua . Among the killings that occurred under his watch was the shooting on March 13 , 2010 , of U.S. consulate employee Lesley Enriquez , who was gunned down with her husband , Arthur Redelfs , in Ciudad Juarez as they left a birthday party in their white SUV . Jorge Salcido Ceniceros , the husband of another consulate employee , was killed in a separate vehicle . "  We are determined to hold accountable those individuals who committed the consulate murders , and to dismantle the dangerous criminal enterprise that fueled these and many other tragic and senseless acts of violence , " Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer said in the Justice Department statement Thursday , accusing Acosta of directing a "  reign of terror . " The Mexican authorities had listed him among their most wanted criminals and offered a 15 million peso reward for information leading to his arrest . They announced his capture last July . He was extradited to the United States from Mexico last month , the Justice Department said . Officials said Thursday that law enforcement agents in Mexico and the United States played a key role in the investigation . "  Gangs and other criminal organizations that threaten public safety on both sides of the border are on notice that we are working more closely than ever with our Mexican counterparts to shut them down , " Breuer said . The Mexican authorities have arrested several other people who they accuse of being connected to the consulate killings . Acosta pleaded guilty Thursday to four counts of racketeering , narcotics trafficking and money laundering . He also pleaded guilty to seven counts of murder and weapons charges "  specifically related " to the consulate killings , the Justice Department said . Olga Bashbush , spokeswoman for the U.S. consulate in Ciudad Juarez , declined to comment on Acosta 's guilty plea . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	The authorities say Jose Antonio Acosta Hernandez is connected to 1,500 killings Among them is the murder of U.S. consulate employee Lesley Enriquez Enriquez and her husband were shot to death after leaving a birthday party in 2010 A judge in Texas sentences Acosta , a leader of La Linea , to life in prison
CNN  -- A politically active Marine who has questioned President Barack Obama 's authority said Thursday that he is facing administrative discharge proceedings over his comments . Sgt. Gary Stein , who founded the Armed Forces Tea Party , said his commanding officer at Camp Pendleton near San Diego has accused him of violating a catch-all military justice provision against conduct endangering "  good order and discipline . " He is also accused of violating a Department of Defense policy limiting the political activities of service members . Stein came under scrutiny from Marine officials after saying he would not obey Obama 's orders . In a January 26 post to the Armed Forces Tea Party Facebook page , Stein called Obama a liar . Two days later , he said the president is "  the ` Domestic Enemy ' our oath speaks about . " In a March 4 posting , he questioned Obama 's birth certificate . Another discussion on the site in March said he would refuse to obey orders given by Obama . He later clarified to say he meant illegal orders , which he has explained as orders such as sending the military to Syria without congressional approval . "  The allegations drummed up against me are no more than an agenda by the Marine Corps to use me as an example , " Stein said in a statement posted to his page . "  If I am guilty of anything it would be that I am American , a freedom loving Conservative , hell bent on defending the constitution and preserving Americas greatness . " He noted that the opinions he expressed were his own , saying , "  I have never spoken on behalf of the Marine Corps or in uniform . " Appearing on CNN on Thursday morning , he called the charges a "  PR thing . " "  They have to make some sort of stand with this , " he said . A Marine Corps spokesman confirmed Thursday that Stein 's commanding officer had chosen to address the allegations through "  administration action " after he had received the results of a preliminary inquiry into the case . While the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution protects the free speech rights of ordinary citizens , a Defense Department rule prohibits service members from engaging in some forms of political activity . Among the prohibited activities are publishing partisan political articles or serving in an official capacity with a partisan political club . Stein has said that has carefully followed the Defense Department directive . He said Thursday that his unit has known about his off-duty activities since he joined the outfit eight months ago . He also said a similar investigation two years ago found that he had done nothing wrong and officers at the time told him he could continue running the site so long as it carried a disclaimer . The Facebook page notes that it does not represent and is not affiliated with the military or government . About 18,000 people follow posts on the page . Comments Tuesday on the page were largely , but not entirely , supportive of Stein . "  Gary Stein I stand behind you 100 % . Keep up the good fight , " one poster commented . "  Like it or not Obama is the Commander in Chief and this Marines job is to protect him Right or wrong , " another poster said . Stein is not the first service member to face controversy over comments about Obama . In 2010 , a military court sentenced Army Lt. Col. Terrence Lakin to six months in prison and removal from the military over his refusal to deploy to Afghanistan . Lakin argued that Obama was not born in the United States and therefore was not legally president , making his orders illegal . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	A Marine who criticized Obama is facing administrative discharge proceedings Sgt. Gary Stein says he 's accused of violating "  good order and discipline " He 's also accused of violating a Defense Department rule against some political activity He calls the allegations a "  PR thing "
CNN  -- The streaking ball of fire Friday night above the East Coast did not , alas , signal the end to civilization as we know it . Though you might get that sense from social media . The sky lit up along the U.S. Eastern Seaboard with reports of "  a thin streak of blue-greenish-white " from people like Chip Guy , who was driving in eastern Maryland when he and his family he spotted it . "  It did n't last more than eight or nine seconds , then it disappeared , " said Guy , a spokesman for Sussex County , Delaware . "  Frankly , I did n't think too much of it . " But his tune changed once he posted something about the presumed meteor on a local social media web page , which triggered a quick and hearty response . Welcome to the year of the comet That was just the tip of the online iceberg . Through Friday night , new reports of meteor sightings appeared every few seconds on Twitter , some of them from the metropolises of New York City and Washington . "  OMG I saw a real meteor in the Brooklyn 's sky , " wrote one person on Twitter , with the handle Curious Sergey . "  It 's all over the news now ! I thought it is some kind of firework ... " The Federal Aviation Administration fielded calls about a meteor from Virginia to Maine , said agency spokeswoman Arlene Salac . So what exactly was it ? Michael Kucharek , a spokesman for NORAD , said his agency heard about the sightings , too , and can confirm it was not from anything man-made , such as a plane or falling satellite . On Saturday , Bill Cooke from NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office explained that the bright , fast-flying object was , in fact , a meteor . The space agency 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory defines a meteor as "  light phenomena " from a meteoroid -- which is itself a comet or asteroid orbiting the sun -- that "  enters the Earth 's atmosphere and vaporizes . " It made for quite a show , producing a fireball as bright as a full moon and spurring more than 630 visual reports to be submitted to the American Meteor Society , as it soared southwest into the Atlantic Ocean . But just because it was bright does n't mean it was big . The meteor was one yard in diameter , about the size of an exercise ball , when it entered the atmosphere over eastern Pennsylvania , said Cooke . That 's still big enough potentially to produce meteorites -- which are meteoroids , or fragments thereof , that do manage to hit the Earth -- before burning completely . If it did , though , they fell harmlessly into the Atlantic , according to Cooke . As anyone who has seen a shooting star can attest , it 's hardly unprecedented for otherworldly objects to enter the Earth 's atmosphere . And some of them do strike our planet , though they tend to be small when they do and strike unpopulated areas on land or plunge into the world 's oceans . There are exceptions , like the massive asteroid that many experts believe killed off dinosaurs . More recently , a meteor exploded over the steppes of southwestern Russia on February 15 , a blast that scientists at Canada 's University of Western Ontario estimated had the energy of about 30 early nuclear bombs . The related flash and boom shattered glass in buildings and left about 1,000 people hurt , authorities said . There were no confirmed reports Friday night that the greenish streak spotted by so many actually impacted anywhere . Even if it did n't , the mere possibility was enough to send chills down some stargazers ' spines . "  Seriously , after that massive meteor in california a few weeks ago , the one that hit russia , and now this hugee one tonight , " wrote a Twitter user by the name of Olivia , referring to the Russia incident and a mass shooting star sighting on the West Coast last night . "  Little scaryy . " Read more space and science news on Light Years CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : The streak , as bright as a full moon , was a meteor 1 yard in diameter , NASA says NEW : It entered the atmosphere over Pennsylvania , heading toward the Atlantic The FAA says it fielded calls about meteor sightings from Virginia to Maine The night light show spurs a flurry of activity on social media
CNN  -- Riding a bicycle around the city at night can be a perilous pastime with traditional bike lights providing a rather dim reminder of a cyclist 's presence on the roads . But a new prototype light system called Revolights could soon make life in the cycle lane a good deal safer and leave bike enthusiasts beaming . The wheel-mounted LED lights not only provide greater illumination of the rider 's path , say its San Francisco-based creators , but also make a bike far more visible from the front , back and the side . When stationary , as their promotional video shows , the lights flash in a simple sequence . But as soon as you start peddling they form a solid arc of white and red light . This dazzling effect is created with the aid of a magnet  attached to the fork  and an algorithm . Together , they measure the wheel speed and tell the lights when and where to flash . The system is powered by a rechargeable lithium battery housed in the wheel hub . Revolights ' founders -- inventor Kent Frankovich , Adam Pettler and Jim Houk -- are using the online fundraising platform Kickstarter in a bid to turn their eye-catching patent pending prototype into a finished product . Backers pledging $ 200 or more will receive the finalized design prior to its public release which is scheduled to take place in spring 2012 .	New Revolights prototype makes cyclists more visible from front , rear and sides LED lights mounted on wheels create arc of white and red light Inventors aim to start selling the new light system in early 2012
CNN Student News  -- February 17 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria Atlanta , Georgia Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Inside a dilapidated warehouse , underneath scattered clothes hanging from rusty pipes , a young black man is down on his knees . His feet are naked , his trousers rolled up to his knees as he beats his sodden shirt against the ground to remove the dirt from it . Near him , a cluster of men cut desolate figures -- some of them crouching down to wash their worn-out clothes , some standing , naked , trying to clean up their work-wasted bodies . This is not a scene from prison life -- but it might as well have been . Instead , this is a communal shower room for mineworkers in South Africa under apartheid as captured by pioneering photographer Ernest Cole some five decades ago . A tiny man -- barely five feet tall -- with a great eye for detail , Cole was one of South Africa 's first black photojournalists . His captivating and often clandestine images documented different aspects of black life under apartheid , opening a window into the oppression and economic inequality endured by his people during that brutal era , including mineworkers forced to live in squalid conditions . In 1967 , one year after leaving South Africa to go into exile , Cole published his first and only photo book , entitled "  House of Bondage . " The book , which was banned in South Africa , quickly sold out and received great critical acclaim . But despite the initial success , Cole died destitute and lonely in New York in 1990 and until recently his story was largely unknown . Yet in recent years , Cole 's work has received renewed recognition , with several exhibitions in South Africa and abroad . And now , New York University 's Grey Art Gallery is the latest institution to commemorate his ground-breaking work by hosting the first solo touring museum exhibition of 120 rare black-and-white gelatin silver prints from Cole 's archive at the Hasselblad Foundation in Gothenburg , Sweden . "  Ernest Cole 's life and work were dominated by the apartheid system , " says Gunilla Knape , curator of the exhibition that runs until December 6 . "  It was the theme of his most important photographic work , it was the reason for his going into exile and becoming a stateless , but recognized , stranger in the world , " she continues . "  The story of Ernest Cole is very little known and this exhibition is an attempt to shed light on his life and work , and to make part of a large collection of his photographs available to a broad international audience , not the least in Cole 's native country . " Dangerous mission The son of a tailor and a laundry woman , Cole was born in Eersterust , a black freehold township near Pretoria , in 1940 . The fourth of six children , he grew up living in the countryside with an aunt because his parents wanted to protect him from crime in urban townships . Cole reunited with his parents as a teenager and it was then that his interest in photography began . Aged 15 , Cole received his first camera from a family friend , and from then on he would carry it everywhere , always taking pictures of friends , relatives and people in his community . In 1958 , Cole started working as a darkroom and layout assistant at Drum Magazine , a radical black lifestyle publication in Johannesburg . He also enrolled in a correspondence photography course from the New York Institute of Photography before leaving Drum in 1960 to work as a chief photographer on a weekly South African newspaper and as a freelancer for the international press . During that period , Cole came across the photo essays of Henri Cartier-Bresson , the celebrated French photographer . Inspired by Cartier-Bresson 's style , especially his refusal to crop his images , Cole set out on a dangerous mission to capture the injustice of the apartheid system and communicate it to the people outside South Africa . "  He had an intention to make stories that would enlighten the world about what was happening in South Africa , " says Knape . "  His mission was to get change through his pictures . " Powerful photographs To achieve his goal , Cole would often use covert tactics such as working without flash and sneaking his camera inside lunch bags whenever he visited mines or prisons . Pretending that he was an orphan , he even managed to convince authorities to reclassify him as colored  mixed race  , a deception that gave him more freedom to travel in areas where black people were required to carry a permit . Subtle yet incendiary , Cole 's powerful photographs offer a stark insight of what it meant to be black under apartheid -- there are pictures of townships being bulldozed to make way for white settlements ; of benches marked "  Europeans only ; " of crammed commuter trains ; of handcuffed black men arrested for being in white areas without a pass ; of downtrodden mineworkers enduring humiliating examinations and dehumanizing living conditions . Other , happier , photographs include those of children playing with water cannons , friends sharing laughs and couples dancing . "  He was living with his people , " says Knape . "  He was documenting their struggles , their joys and everything , so he really knew what was going on around him . " In 1966 Cole was arrested with a group of street gangsters with whom he 'd built a relationship so he could capture their lives . The police told him he 'd need to become an informant to avoid jail time , so Cole decided to flee South Africa , taking little more than the layouts for his book with him . But life in exile -- first in Europe and then in the United States -- was painful for Cole . Penniless and lonely , he spent much of the remainder of his life living on the streets and subways of New York . He died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 49 in February 1990 , one week after the release of Nelson Mandela from prison . Click through the gallery above to see some of Ernest Cole 's most formidable photographs .	New York exhibition is showcasing the work of photographer Ernest Cole The S. African photographer 's images captured black life under apartheid His 1967 book , House of Bondage , was banned in South Africa Cole died in poverty in exile one week after Nelson Mandela 's release from prison
CNN  -- Germany captain Michael Ballack enjoyed a dream return to the Bundesliga as his Bayer Leverkusen side claimed an impressive 2-0 victory at Borussia Dortmund on Sunday . Ballack , who rejoined first club Leverkusen during the summer after four years at Chelsea , played his part in a superb team performance as Leverkusen showed they will be one of the teams to watch this season . Swiss midfielder Tranquillo Barnetta opened the scoring for the visitors in the 19th minute and Brazilian Renato Augusto added a second goal just three minutes later to ensure the three points . In Sunday 's other match , Mainz secured a surprise 2-0 home defeat over Stuttgart thanks to goals from debutant strikers Sami Allagui and Morten Rasmussen . Tunisian Allagui opened the scoring in the 26th-minute and Danish international Rasmussen -- who joined on loan from Celtic this week -- added the second two minutes after the interval . With the first round of matches now complete , Hoffenheim lead the table courtesy of Saturday 's stunning 4-1 win over Werder Bremen . Three goals in a bizarre six-minute spell in the first half proved the difference between the sides after Torsten Frings had put Werder ahead from the penalty spot . Meanwhile , defending champions Bayern Munich got their season off to a perfect start on Friday as Bastian Schweinsteiger 's last-gasp goal gave them a 2-1 victory over Wolfsburg .	Germany captain Michael Ballack makes his return to the Bundesliga on Sunday Midfielder Ballack helps Bayer Leverkusen to a 2-0 victory at Borussia Dortmund In Sunday 's other match , Mainz shock Stuttgart 2-0 with goals in each half Hoffenheim lead the early table after their impressive 4-1 success over Werder Bremen
CNN  -- Valentine 's Day is here . If you 're single , you will likely find yourself assessing and reassessing your love life . Your Instagram feed full of perfectly filtered photos of roses , chocolates and TMI kisses will be a constant reminder that you are not in love and not in a relationship . Meanwhile , an endless string of engagement announcements on Facebook might lead you to question your singlehood and wonder what you have been doing wrong . You might even find yourself vowing to find a significant other by next year 's Valentine 's so that you can be the one tweeting about finding that perfect gift . But how ? Should you follow the old-fashioned pathway to love ? Put on a little black dress , hit the town and hope that someone invites you to dinner and a movie ? Recreate your parents ' courtship ? No . Because it 's 2013 , and traditional dating as we know it is dead . When I traveled across the United States a few years ago , I interviewed more than 100 men , women and couples about their love lives in cities big and small . My mission was to figure out what connection , romance and love actually looks like in today 's day and age . What I found was that we 're living in a post-dating world . The lost art of offline dating The happy couples I talked to had not met and immediately started dating . Instead , they connected in more natural -- and yes , ambiguous -- settings . They played on the same volleyball team or were co-workers on a political campaign . Or they hung out in the same social group or were friends for years before getting intimately involved or got intimately involved right off the bat with no initial relationship plans . Or they met each other while living in different parts of the country and got to know each other via Facebook or Gchat before committing to full-on romances . Instead of going on explicit dates , they had tested the romantic waters , moved in and out of gray areas , and used technology to explore the various aspects of their connection before putting labels or expectations on their relationship . This romantic ambiguity was also reflected in my conversations with people who were single . Asked to define their romantic status , they gave me answers like , "  Well , it 's sort of up in the air ... " and "  It 's really complicated ! How much time do you have ? " and "  I would define it as , hmm , dating ? Ish ? Dating-ish ? " Online dating and a formula for love Single people were n't dating , and young couples who had fallen in love had n't gotten to that point through dating . Yes , there were men and women who bemoaned the death of dating . They yearned for the straightforward clarity of an earlier era where gender roles were obvious and technology did n't play such a central role . Then they would n't have to deal with the ambiguity of e-mails or the unclear signals of text messages . They would n't have to overanalyze every word and interaction . At the same time , though , even those people were ready to admit that going on actual "  dates " was full of pressure and not very enjoyable . Traditional dating , they pointed out , encouraged an overly formal , inauthentic vibe that ultimately hindered instead of helped their efforts to make romantic connections . This was perfectly expressed to me by a 29-year-old female personal trainer in Denver who had experimented with online dating , matchmakers and blind dates . "  It 's hard to tell anything on the first date -- you 're so on the surface , " she explained . "  I think expectations make things more difficult . They make it so much harder to pick someone , because you feel like the stakes are higher . ... You miss that spark . ... Whereas when you 're just ` hanging out , ' it 's easier . " Cougars in training : Young women dating even younger men If women struggled with the pressures of traditional dating , men hated them . As a 26-year-old male graduate student in San Francisco lamented , "  I feel this burden to have to do something eccentric or clever or unorthodox . I feel like I 'm fighting this almost impossible uphill battle to stand out . I have to show a girl a magic trick . " His thoughts on getting to know women through more natural means ? "  The ambiguity is much more romantic and fun , " he said . "  You have a crush on them much more easily . " And is n't that the whole point ? For courtship to be fun while love develops ? Today 's romantic landscape is full of ambiguity , gray areas and a lack of guarantees about where any given connection might lead . So consider this Valentine 's Day an opportunity to set aside your outdated expectations and embrace a new mindset . Forget dating . Instead , welcome this new era and see every encounter as a potential moment for romantic sparks and excitement . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jessica Massa .	Jessica Massa : It 's 2013 , and traditional dating as we know it is dead Massa : Happy couples connected in more natural and ambiguous settings She says some people miss traditional dating when gender roles were obvious Massa : Other young people feel that dating is too formal and full of pressure
CNN  -- Authorities early Friday captured a man accused of killing his mother and stepfather who escaped from a South Carolina mental health facility . Jason Mark Carter , 39 , was committed after he was found incompetent to stand trial in the killings eight years ago . Carter escaped the mental institution about 10 a.m. Thursday , apparently stealing a van from a state hospital , authorities said . He later purchased a Chevrolet Lumina , and South Carolina authorities pinged his cell phone as he was traveling on Interstate 40 in Tennessee , the Tennessee Highway Patrol said in a prepared statement . Shortly before 7 a.m. , a trooper saw Carter 's car outside a hotel , where he was taken into custody without incident . CNN affiliate WISTV reported that Carter worked at a supply office on the hospital campus . Before his capture , we was thought to be traveling in a stolen 1991 White Chevrolet van , the Oconee County , South Carolina , Sheriff 's Office said in a prepared statement . In March 2006 , deputies went for a welfare check at a home in Seneca and found the bodies of Kevin and Debra Ann Perkins in a room in the basement , the Sheriff 's Office said . Carter was in the room with the victims , who were wrapped in plastic bags , according to officials . At his trial , his attorney said Carter had no recollection of the crime , the affiliate said . CNN 's Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	NEW : Escapee from a South Carolina mental institution is arrested in Tennessee NEW : Police say a trooper saw Jason Mark Carter 's car at a hotel , and he was arrested Police say Carter , 39 , was committed after he was found incompetent to stand trial
CNN  -- Hours before being honored for his peacemaking efforts , Tony Blair revealed a secret weapon : Bill Clinton . The former U.S. president was constantly on the phone with Blair during the Northern Ireland peace process in 1998 , providing analysis and advice that proved crucial to reaching an agreement , the former British prime minister said Monday . "  He played an absolutely critical role , " Blair said of Clinton on Monday as the two sat side-by-side to answer questions before the evening ceremony where Blair was to receive the 2010 Liberty Medal from the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . "  Without your intervention , we would never have achieved that peace in Northern Ireland , " Blair said to Clinton , adding that he never had the chance to publicly thank him . Clinton and Blair sign autographs at event The hour-long session featured anecdotes and rare insight on historical developments of the 1990s , when Clinton was U.S. president and Blair became the British prime minister . The Liberty Medal , an annual award given by the nonprofit constitution center that has Clinton as its board chairman , went to Blair this year for "  his steadfast commitment to conflict resolution , " the group 's website says . Along with the Northern Ireland peace agreement he helped mediate , Blair was cited for his role in Middle East peace negotiations and the work of his Tony Blair Faith Foundation in promoting global understanding . Asked about the necessary components for successful peace talks , Blair joked that "  blind luck " was essential . He then listed the willingness of the participants , a framework agreement on basic principles and perseverance as the key factors . "  Never give up . No matter how difficult it is , no matter how hard it is , just keep going , " Blair said as Clinton nodded in agreement . In the Northern Ireland talks , Blair said , the acute focus on the negotiations created an expectation that helped force participants to reach an agreement . "  It was , in a sense , luck that we got into such a hothouse atmosphere that people began to feel it was more embarrassing not to do the deal than to do it , " Blair said . Clinton added that it was important for outside parties to help warring nations or factions realize the benefits and future possibilities of peace . "  We 've got to paint a picture of what this is like at the end of the road , and we have to be there to help maximize the benefits and minimize the risks , " Clinton said . On several occasions , Blair mentioned particular advice or help he received from Clinton , such as strong U.S. support for European intervention in the Kosovo conflict to stop forced removals and killings of Muslims by Serb forces . "  The truth is , without America and without President Clinton coming in , we could n't have handled that , " Blair said . Such backing reflected the longstanding "  special " relationship between their countries , and Blair insisted that the shifting global dynamics of the 21st century made that partnership more vital than ever . He called the relationship "  something living and breathing now , with relevance today and tomorrow , and we should keep it . " To Clinton , the shifting role of the two industrial powers made their relationship important for everyone . "  On balance , it 's been a good thing for the world because we 're not imperialists anymore and whatever we do , we do partly because we have a capacity most other countries do n't , " he said . Both men listed the economic rise of China as a major current issue , and Blair also mentioned the growing role of religious extremism . "  It 's there , and it 's powerful and it 's not , I 'm afraid , going away , " he said . For his part , Clinton said , a changing dynamic in the Arab world made a Middle East peace agreement more possible now than 10 years ago , when he was president . Back then , he said , Arab leaders privately encouraged him to seek an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement but were unable to publicly endorse a proposed deal for political reasons . Now , he said , the Arab world fears the rise of Iran as a regional power and threat , and therefore seeks a sustainable relationship with the United States and Israel . "  The most hopeful thing is that the Arabs want this done , " Clinton said of renewed peace talks guided by his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .	Former British premier will receive medal from nonprofit center Clinton is board chairman of the National Constitution Center , giving the honor The two former leaders share memories , insights during a public appearance
To the outside world , they 're a force of ruthless yet mysterious insurgents bent on terrorizing civilians and expanding Islamist rule . But as one former ISIS fighter tells CNN , the mentality goes much deeper . "  The main and principal goal of the Islamic State that they tell their new members is to establish an Islamic state that will encompass the Arab world , " the man said in Turkey . "  And after that , we go to other countries . " Just two weeks ago , the man was in Raqqa , the ISIS stronghold in northern Syria . Like many cities across Syria and Iraq , Raqqa has been overrun by ISIS militants who show no mercy for those who do n't follow their hard line . Crucifixions and public executions take place virtually every day . Women not fully covered in niqabs are lashed with alarming frequency . Even store owners who leave their shops open during times of prayer can get beaten or sent to prison . The former insurgent , in his 20s , left ISIS two weeks ago because he said the group is "  spreading injustice in the name of justice . " But he still agrees with the ideology of the group that is forcing its beliefs on everyday life , including in education . "  Philosophy is prohibited ; they canceled it as a kind of blasphemy , " he said . "  Many subjects have been canceled , like music and even sometimes sports . All of them have been canceled from the school curriculum . " Perhaps the only thing as disturbing as ISIS ' terror rampage is the growing number of foreigners joining its ranks . Thousands of foreign fighters are estimated to have joined ISIS . And the ex-ISIS militant said these foreigners could carry out attacks when they go home , but security measures in those countries could make it difficult -- at least for now . "  Since Western fighters joined ISIS , they consider their home country as infidels , " he said . "  If they have a chance , they will carry out attacks . " The United Kingdom is already on high alert , raising its terror threat level from "  substantial " to "  severe " on Friday . Prime Minister David Cameron has proposed a radical new measure to ban Britons from coming home once they join jihadi ranks abroad . And the United States got a harsh reminder of ISIS ' reach when Douglas McAuthur McCain , a 33-year-old from the Midwest , became the first known American to be killed while fighting for ISIS . U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has called ISIS "  beyond just a terrorist group . " "  They marry ideology , a sophistication of strategic and tactical military prowess , " he said last week . "  This is beyond anything we have seen , and we must prepare for everything . " ISIS may have wanted to show off its global reach by having a militant with a British accent front the videos of the beheadings of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff . And that kind of tactic could also inspire more foreigners , the former ISIS fighter told CNN . "  It is possible that the goal was to project the image that a European , or a Western person , executed an American so that they can showcase their Western members and appeal to others outside Syria and make them feel that they belong to the same cause . " Where do jihadis come from ? Opinion : Why we must all challenge ISIS What is ISIS Achilles ' heel ?	ISIS plans to take over the Arab world and then "  go to other countries , " an ex-fighter says The man left the radical terror group two weeks ago "  Since Western fighters joined ISIS , they consider their home country as infidels , " he says
CNN  -- Penn State University President Rodney Erickson tried to distance the school from the sexual abuse scandal that has rocked the campus as he spoke to angry alumni Thursday night . "  It grieves me very much when I hear people say ` the Penn State scandal . ' This is not Penn State . This is the  Jerry  Sandusky scandal , " Erickson said . The town hall meeting in a hotel in suburban Philadelphia comes the same day Penn State revealed it is paying long-time coach Joe Paterno as if he retired at the end of the season , even though the university relieved him of his coaching duties on November 9 . During the meeting , most of the questions revolved around the firing of Paterno . Crowds booed Erickson several times . In a statement earlier Thursday , the chairman and vice chairman of the board of trustees said Paterno was removed as head football coach because he "  could not be expected to continue to effectively perform his duties " amid sexual abuse allegations involving Sandusky , a former defensive coordinator . "  Coach Paterno remains employed by the university as a tenured faculty member , " said the statement by board Chairman Steve Garban and Vice Chairman John Surma . "  The details of his retirement are being worked out and will be made public when they are finalized . Generally speaking , the university intends to honor the terms of his employment contract and is treating him financially as if he had retired at the end of the 2011 football season . " Some university students , former players for the Nittany Lions and others were angered by the removal of Paterno , the 85-year-old coaching great who guided the team for 46 years and recorded the most wins in college football history . After Paterno 's dismissal was announced in November , student protesters overturned a news van and vandalized streets around the campus before police dispersed them . Penn State was rocked by accusations that Sandusky had sexually abused young boys over 14 years and that school officials failed to take the complaints to police . University trustees dismissed Paterno and school President Graham Spanier after a grand jury report accused Sandusky of more than 50 counts of sexually abusing boys . Sandusky has pleaded not guilty to the charges . A Penn State graduate assistant , Mike McQueary , told the grand jury late last year that he had seen Sandusky "  with a boy in the shower and that it was severe sexual acts going on and that it was wrong and over the line . " He said he had gone to Paterno with what he saw . Paterno said he 'd never been told the graphic details revealed in a grand jury report , but that he nevertheless passed the allegations on to his boss . After first saying he had done "  what I was supposed to do , " Paterno said that "  with the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more . " It was years before law enforcement learned about the allegation . Then-Athletic Director Tim Curley and Gary Schultz , a former university vice president who oversaw campus police , now face charges of perjury and failing to report child sexual abuse . Journalist Sara Ganim contributed to this report	` This is not Penn State . This is the Sandusky scandal , " university president says The renowned football coach was removed from his job in November Paterno 's dismissal came amid a sex abuse scandal involving a former assistant Scandal led to the university president 's firing and criminal charges against two officials
CNN  -- When Afghan forces repelled a barrage of attacks from insurgents near Kabul 's green zone over the weekend it was hailed as proof of how far local security forces had come . "  They were on scene immediately , well-led and well-coordinated , " said General John Allen , the U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan . Afghan president Hamid Karzai said it showed the country 's forces would be able to defend their country after international forces leave . Karzai : Afghan forces ready to defend nation Then on Tuesday , Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard announced her country would pull its troops out months earlier expected -- by early 2014 -- citing an improvement in the security situation . "  We continue to see steady gains in the fight against the Afghan insurgency , " Gillard said , in a speech in Canberra . Australia plans Afghan exit Australia 's 1,550 troops in Afghanistan are a fraction of the overall number of foreign troops deployed to keep a lid on the country 's insurgency more than ten years after allied airstrikes marked the start of Operation Enduring Freedom . How many international troops are operating in Afghanistan ? More than 130,000 troops from 50 countries are currently operating in Afghanistan , according to the International Security and Assistance Force  ISAF  . The United States is the biggest contributor , providing around 90,000 troops , followed by the United Kingdom  9,500  , Germany  4,800  and France  3,600  . The international force has been there since 2001 , shortly after the al Qaeda attacks on the U.S. on September 11 . The campaign was launched to stop the Taliban from providing a safe haven for al Qaeda fighters , and to stop the terror group 's use of Afghanistan as a base for its future activities . How long are they there for ? In June 2011 , U.S. President Barack Obama announced that U.S. combat operations in Afghanistan would end by 2014 . At that time there were more than 100,000 U.S. troops in the country , following a 30,000-strong troop "  surge " in December 2009 to help bolster the campaign against the Taliban . In February this year , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced the U.S. hoped to end its combat mission in Afghanistan in 2013 , transitioning primarily to a training role as Afghan forces take more responsibility for security . Panetta : Polls wo n't change Afghan strategy Some countries have already pulled out of the country . Canada , which once headed the ISAF mission , pulled out almost all of its 3,000 soldiers at the end of 2011 . Norway also withdrew almost all of its 500 troops during this period . France announced in February that it would begin an early draw down , and that all 4,000 of its troops would be gone by 2013 . Germany plans to pull out some troops next year , with the remainder leaving in 2014 . Britain , the second-biggest contributor of troops , plans to hand over its security operations to local forces by the end of 2013 , before continuing in a "  supporting role " from 2014 . How well trained are Afghan security forces ? The Afghan forces who fought off an 18-hour multi-pronged Taliban attack in Kabul earlier this week are some of the best trained in the country , according to analysts . The crisis response group is based in the capital and has received training from U.S. special forces . Afghan forces repel attacks "  That would be the equal of any other unit of its type in the region , " said James Brown , a military associate at the Lowy Institute in Sydney . "  It 's got it own intelligence assets , which it did n't have three years ago . They 've got their own Afghan aviation assets , helicopters , that can respond to these kind of events . So yes , they are getting better at responding to high-profile events in Kabul -- but the Taliban are getting better as well . " This latter point is picked up by other analysts . "  I think there has to be a real question mark over the long-term prospects for Afghanistan , " said Andrew Davies , of the Australian Strategic Policy Institute . "  I think there are some reasons to be cautiously optimistic over the ability of Afghan forces . But ultimately the future of Afghanistan will be determined by the factions inside Afghanistan . I think if the last 10 years has shown us anything , then the ability of the outside world to influence the future of Afghanistan in the long term is fairly minimal . " What 's next ? Gillard 's announcement of Australia 's troop draw down precedes an announcement from President Karzai at a summit on Afghanistan in Chicago in May . The Afghan leader is expected to announce that a third tranche of provinces will be handed back to full Afghan control , including Uruzgan , where most of the Australian troops are based . A clearer split of financial contributions may also emerge at the summit , with the annual cost of funding the Afghan security forces after 2014 estimated to be $ 4.1 billion . "  The U.S. will probably pay a big part of that and I think the UK will also chip in , " said Brown . "  You may not see much from the Europeans . But there might be some funding commitments from Japan , " he added .	Australia 's 1,550 troops in Afghanistan a fraction of the overall number of foreign troops deployed PM Julia Gillard announces plans to pull them out early citing an improvement in security Weekend attacks seen as a marker of how far Afghan security forces have improved More than 130,000 troops from 50 countries are currently operating in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Do n't look for Mick Jagger and the boys to talk retirement anytime soon . On Wednesday The Rolling Stones announced their "  50 and Counting " tour which will kick off in Los Angeles at the Staples Center on a date to be determined . The tour will include shows in Oakland , San Jose , Las Vegas , Anaheim , Toronto , Chicago , Boston and Philadelphia . The group -- consisting of Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood -- have been rocking out for more than five decades . To celebrate their 50th anniversary last year the group did a few tour dates . "  50 and Counting " has been "  pretty amazing so far , " Jagger said in a statement . "  We did a few shows in London and New York last year ... and had such a good time that we thought ... let 's do some more . It 's a good show . " Richards agreed . "  From day one at rehearsals it sounded so fresh , " Richards said according to a press release about the tour . "  You could tell that everybody was dying to get their teeth into it . It was like ... open the gates ... let us out ! 'Cause man , it is the life and blood of us to play in front of people . " Mick Taylor , who was a member of the group from 1969-74 , is set to perform with them as a special guest throughout the tour . Tickets for the shows in Oakland , San Jose , Toronto and Chicago will go on sale to the general public April 8 and will also be available at Rollingstone.com . "  50 AND COUNTING " TOUR DATES : TBA Los Angeles STAPLES Center TBA May 5 Oakland Oracle Arena On sale April 8 @ 10AM PST May 8 San Jose HP Pavilion On sale April 8 @ 10AM PST May 11 Las Vegas MGM Grand Garden Arena TBA May 15 Anaheim Honda Center TBA May 25 Toronto Air Canada Centre On sale April 8 @ 10AM EST May 28 Chicago United Center On sale April 8 @ 10AM CST June 12 Boston TD Garden TBA June 18 Philadelphia Wells Fargo Center	The Rolling Stones are heading back out on tour The group has been together for more than five decades Tickets go on sale April 8
CNN  -- With a fourth video released , Gruber-gate is now in full swing . The latest caught-on-tape remarks from economist Jonathan Gruber , one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act , has him asserting back in 2010 that the "  American public " -- that 's you and me -- "  does n't actually care that much about the uninsured . " He thinks he knows us so well . In another video released earlier , he said that to pass new health care legislation , the Obama administration successfully relied on an electorate -- again , you and me -- that did n't really understand it . "  It 's a very clever , you know , basic exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter , " he tells the Honors Colloquium 2012 at the University of Rhode Island . There appears to be a bottomless well of Gruber 's greatest hits . In yet another , from a speech at the University of Pennsylvania in 2013 , he explains that the very function of the law -- doing what it was designed to do -- was totally unpalatable to voters  that is , if only we 'd turned away from our Cheetos bags and NASCAR races long enough to catch it  . "  If you had a law which said healthy people are going to pay in -- if you made it explicit that healthy people pay in and sick people get money , it would not have passed . " To hammer the point home , he admits that the sales pitch was one big cover-up operation : "  Lack of transparency is a huge advantage . And basically , you know , call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever . But basically that was really , really critical to getting the thing to pass . " And in still another video he 's caught telling Washington University at St. Louis in 2013 that one important provision of the bill passed "  because the American people are too stupid to understand the difference . " Let 's be clear : Gruber did n't say any of this incredibly arrogant , deeply offensive stuff in a soft whisper at a clandestine meeting of liberal donors . He said these things out loud , at lectures , over and over and over again , without even an attempt at discretion . These videos may seem inflammatory on their face . Here 's an Obama adviser gleefully insisting that the administration hoodwinked the American people to pass legislation that otherwise very few would have wanted . But underneath all this arrogance and hubris is a surprising amount of willful ignorance about what actually happened to pass Obamacare . It is n't that Gruber thinks we 're all rubes . It 's that he thinks his team of brilliant economists and political spin-doctors were so clever they actually got away with something . That just is n't the case . For one , it was hardly a secret that the law relied on healthy people to pay in so that sick people would get coverage . Most of us -- even the stupidest -- know that 's how insurance works . And just to be sure it was clear , Republicans and opponents of the law reiterated this fact ad nauseam during the public debate of the Affordable Care Act . Heck , even Obamacare supporters were insistent on explaining this point for the express purpose of getting healthy people to sign up for it . The administration spent millions on a marketing pitch to convince young , healthy millennials to invest in health insurance many did n't appear to want . For another , despite Gruber 's insistence that the administration maintained a necessary opacity about the law , there were plenty of warnings about its potential fundamental problems , and numerous advocacy groups , impartial economists and media outlets were steadily fact-checking the President 's rosy predictions about the law . From them we heard it may not reduce the deficit by $ 1 trillion . We heard it would not reduce health care costs . We heard it would reduce the workforce by an equivalent of 2 million jobs . We heard premiums would rise . We heard we might not be able to keep our health plans after all . Of course , only time will tell whether those warnings will bear out , but opponents of the legislation were making them back then , even though Gruber believes the administration hid them so well , and were vocal about it . And to pretty clear results . According to Kaiser Family tracking polls of the legislation since 2010 , the law has never cracked a 51 % favorability rating , and has at times plummeted to the low 30s . Another point : The American people never voted on Obamacare , so I 'm not sure what role Gruber thinks the "  stupid " electorate played in its passage . In fact , in the first election after the Affordable Care Act passed , Republicans who opposed the legislation retook the House of Representatives and kicked 11 Democrats out of state houses . Obamacare was n't a cleverly concealed mystery package that Democrats slipped under the noses of an otherwise bumbling idiocracy . It was passed by a Democratic majority that controlled both houses , without a single Republican vote , pushed through by a White House that cared more about scoring a political victory than if the law would ever work as intended or if Americans would like it . Gruber 's misguided sense of accomplishment reflects not so much elitism as it does the arrogance of liberal "  solutionism , " or the tendency of technocrats to assume they can solve complex social problems easily . Technology scholar Evgeny Morozov , author of "  To Save Everything , Click Here : The Folly of Technological Solutionism , " writes that "  solutionists err by assuming , rather than investigating , the problems they set out to tackle . -LSB- They -RSB- do not limit themselves to fixing the problems of individuals ; they are as keen to fix the problems of institutions . " This kind of hubris explains why someone like Michael Bloomberg believes he can solve gun crime by banning guns or obesity by banning big sodas . And it 's why Jonathan Gruber believed he could solve our health care problems . It 's not because he actually wanted to understand the problem , but because he decided what the problem was  in this case , that healthy people were paying too little for insurance  and assumed we were all too dumb to ask any questions . But we asked plenty of questions . We are still asking questions . And legislators , economists and health care scholars will be trying to fix the mess that Gruber et al created for many years to come . But when this legislation finally collapses under its own weight , Gruber will no doubt find a way to blame stupid Americans for failing to properly implement his vision .	S.E. Cupp : A 4th video of Obamacare consultant Gruber dissing voters has emerged He says , among other offensive things , voters too "  stupid " to understand a provision of the bill Cupp : Opponents of bill well aware of issues he says were soft-pedaled Cupp : Gruber remarks reveal arrogance of liberal "  solutionism " for social problems
CNN  -- 2012 ended for 162 passengers on a Spirit Airlines plane with an unexpected bump . Their Airbus A320 had just arrived from Atlanta at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida Monday night when a wingtip hit the tail of another plane . "  After landing and while taxiing to the gate , our aircraft made contact with another parked aircraft , " Spirit spokeswoman Misty Pinson confirmed to CNN . "  There were no injuries and customers deplaned at the gate as normal . " The US Airways plane that was hit was parked in a remote area away from the gate where aircraft are stored overnight . No one was on board at the time . "  An A320 was parked in an approved parking spot when it was struck in the tail by another aircraft , " Andrew Christie , a US Airways spokesman said . "  The extent of the damage is yet to be determined . " Broward County sheriff 's officers who were called to the scene described the damage as a "  gash in the tail section , " but found no fuel leaking . The Spirit aircraft has resumed flying , while the US Airways plane is out of service for inspection and repair of its damaged tail cone , the airlines reported . In September the National Transportation Safety Board recommended the Federal Aviation Administration require large planes and other aircraft on which the wingtips are not easily visible from the cockpit to have cameras or other devices to monitor the wings . The safety board said at the time that 12 accidents since 1993 had involved a large aircraft 's wingtip hitting another airplane or object on the taxiway . Most recently , a Boeing 747 hit a regional jet at O'Hare airport in Chicago in May , a 767 hit a regional jet in Boston in July 2011 and an A380 hit a regional jet in April of 2011 at New York 's JFK airport . No one was injured in any of those recent collisions .	An Airbus A320 's wingtip clips the tail of a parked plane in South Florida There are no injuries , a Spirit Airlines spokeswoman says The accident occurs at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Punch lines about hygiene products flooded the blogosphere on Wednesday only moments after Apple Inc. announced it would call its new touch-screen computer the "  iPad . " "  The mocking goes along the lines of : Yes , the iPad is small , lightweight and slim . But can you swim with it ? " wrote the Los Angeles Times ' tech blog . The term iTampon -- a riff on the fact that the iPad can be taken to sound more like a maxipad than a slick new computer -- was the third most-talked about trend on Twitter on Wednesday evening . Do you think the iPad name is a flop ? Some female bloggers wrote that Apple seemed not to have any women on its marketing team . "  With "  iTampon " quickly emerging as a trending Twitter topic , it 's probably safe to say that many women found themselves cringing as they asked , ` Do any women work at Apple ? ' " wrote Annie Colbert on the blog "  Holy Kaw ! " The tech community has discussed the name for Apple 's new keyboard-less computer for months if not years . Rumor had it that the device might be called the iSlate , but one reporter at Apple 's San Francisco event joked that the term "  slate " might sound too ancient or heavy for a lightweight lap computer . Steve Jobs describes iPad at event "  Slate is a little bit ` Flintstones , ' " said Stephen Hutcheon , an editor at The Sydney Morning Herald , a newspaper in Australia . It 's also unclear what people should call the category of computers that now includes the iPad . Some refer to computers without keyboards and with touch-screens as "  slate computers . " Others call them tablets , a term that also can refer to '90s devices with keyboards and pens attached . After Apple unveiled the iPad at an invitation-only event , some tech journalists said they thought the jokes about feminine hygiene would dissipate soon . The name "  iPod " sounded strange at first , for example , and now is a part of the standard vocabulary , said Hutcheon . "  If you think of iPods in 2001 , we probably got the same smirks , " he said . "  I think the jokes will disappear . " He added that one could take "  pad " to mean "  home , " which is where Apple CEO Steve Jobs hopes many people will use the iPad to read books , watch movies and the like . Andy Ihnatko , a tech columnist at the Chicago Sun-Times , said Apple could call its new gadget a "  mangled baby duck " and people would still buy it , both because Apple has sex appeal and because the iPad is a good product . "  With the right device , marketing does n't really matter , " he said . The name iPad sticks with Apple 's "  i " line of branding and is therefore a smart move , said Jacqui Cheng , a senior writer at the tech site Ars Technica . "  I do n't hate it , " she said of the name . "  I do n't know if I love it , but it 's OK . " Share iReport reaction of the iPad Still , the torrent of online jokes about the iPad could stick in consumers ' minds . It seems particularly damaging that MADtv was making fun of the iPad name long before Apple ever introduced its new product . A years-old comedy skit from the show circulated the Internet on Wednesday . It shows two women discussing an Apple period-maintenance device called the iPad . As Twitter user @DontStealMyPen notes snarkily , the botched iPad name has the potential to alter shopping habits : "  Will women send their husbands to the Apple store to buy iPads ? " the user wrote .	New Apple product called the "  iPad " is mocked online Bloggers say the computer sounds like a feminine hygiene product Tech writers say they expect the jokes to simmer down soon Columnist : iPad could be called a "  mangled baby duck " and it would still sell
CNN  -- Former world number one Marat Safin has swapped tennis for politics after being elected to the Russian Federal Parliament . The two-time grand slam winner will take his seat in the 450-strong Duma as a representative of the Nyzhny Novgorod region for prime minister Vladimir Putin 's United Russia party . Safin retired from tennis in 2009 after a 10-year professional career and has since competed on the ATP Champions Tour -- which pits former star players against each other in a series of tournaments . "  My life has been changing for the last two years , " the 31-year-old told the Champions Tour 's official website prior to his election . "  All of a sudden I found myself in a situation where I had to make really serious decisions . Putin accuses U.S. over Russia electoral protests "  It started with one small thing and it grew up to something big . I could go and make commercials left and right and pretend like I am a celebrity , but that is not me . "  I never did this , I never liked it . I had a few months of thinking ` should I do this or should I not ' but now I am pretty sure of what I 'm doing and I want to do it . " The 15-time winner on the ATP Tour explained how his experiences on court could help him in office . "  I will be working for the next five years day after day , sitting in an office , wearing a suit , " he said . "  I will have good days , bad days and I will have to fight once again like I 've been fighting on the court . It will be complicated . " Russian tennis star Chakvetadze courts electoral success Safin clinched his first grand slam title at the U.S. Open in 2000 , defeating the legendary Pete Sampras in straight sets in the final , before reaching the top of the world rankings in November of that year . It was five years until he claimed a second grand slam triumph , beating home favorite Lleyton Hewitt to claim the 2005 Australian Open . Meanwhile in other tennis news Thursday , Judy Murray has been confirmed as captain of Britain 's FedCup team . Murray , the mother of world number four Andy Murray , said the role was an "  exciting challenge . " She will take charge for the first time in the Euro/Africa Zone Group competition from February 1-4 next year in Eilat , Israel .	Former world number one Marat Safin has been elected to Russian parliament Safin won two grand slam titles during a 10-year professional career The 31-year-old is a representative of former president Vladimir Putin 's party Judy Murray appointed Britain 's FedCup captain
Asiana Airlines is considering legal action against an Oakland television station and the National Transportation Safety Board after an intern at the agency mistakenly confirmed "  inaccurate and offensive " names as those of the pilots of ill-fated Flight 214 . The bogus names that phonetically spelled out phrases such as "  Something Wrong " and "  We Too Low " were read during KTVU 's noon broadcast on Friday . "  Regarding the KTVU-TV 's demeaning report of the pilots on July 12 , Asiana Airlines is reviewing possible legal action against KTVU-TV and the NTSB , " the airline said in a statement . It noted the reputation of the pilots and the company had been "  seriously damaged " by the report . The safety board , which is investigating last week 's runway crash in San Francisco that killed three people and injured more than 180 others , did not address Asiana 's potential legal concerns directly . "  The NTSB remains focused on the important investigative work being done to determine what caused Asiana Airlines Flight 214 to crash so that we can make safety recommendations to prevent it from happening again , " spokeswoman Kelly Nantel said in a statement late on Sunday . Both KTVU and the NTSB previously apologized for the embarrassment . "  Nothing is more important to us than having the highest level of accuracy and integrity , and we are reviewing our procedures to ensure this type of error does not happen again , " KTVU posted on its website . Nantel said previously the names were presented by the station to the intern for confirmation . It was not immediately clear who produced the fake names , but the NTSB said it was not the intern , who was not identified . Asiana identified the pilot at the controls of the Boeing 777 that undershot its approach and clipped a sea wall before crash-landing on the runway as Lee Kang-Kuk . There were two other pilots in the cockpit at the time of the accident . Did Asiana pilot have enough 777 experience ?	NTSB summer intern mistakenly confirms offensive names Asiana : Reputation of pilots and company seriously damaged Both KTVU and the NTSB have apologized NTSB says it is focused only on determining the cause of the crash
Woodland , Washington  CNN  -- Alan Northrop was playing pool in 1993 when his life changed forever . He was lining up a bank shot when he felt something on his wrist : a handcuff . Northrop was arrested for the rape and kidnapping of a housekeeper . "  I instantly said , ` No , you 've got the wrong guy , ' " Northrop recalls telling detectives . But detectives believed the victim 's testimony , although she was blindfolded for most of the attack . A jury agreed , sentencing Northrop , a father of three children under age 6 , to 23 years in prison . From behind bars , Northrop tried to prove police had the wrong guy . In 2000 , he contacted the Innocence Project Northwest at the University of Washington School of Law in Seattle . For years , prosecutors denied the project 's requests to use more advanced DNA testing on the evidence in Northrop 's case . In 2005 , a new state law gave judges the power to order additional testing . But it took five more years for Northrop 's testing to be completed and for a court to consider the results that conclusively showed another man 's DNA was on the victim . In 2010 , Northrop , still sitting in prison , got a letter with news he thought he might never get . "  I was jumping around the day room saying , ` I 'm out of here ! I 'm out of here ! ' " Northrop said . He walked out of prison a few months later , an experience he could barely describe . It was like every emotion you 've ever had , it was so overwhelming , he said . But because he was convicted in Washington , Northrop got little more than that feeling when he was released . Like 23 other states across the country , Washington provides no compensation for those who have been wrongfully convicted . Northrop left prison with less than $ 2,500 , money he had been sent while in prison and wages from his 42-cent-an-hour prison job . Had he been wrongfully convicted in one of the 27 states that do provide compensation , Northrop could have received hundreds of thousands of dollars for his 17 years behind bars . State standards vary According to an Innocence Project study , Northrop is among the 40 % of exonerated prisoners nationwide who received nothing from authorities for their time behind bars . The report calls for all states to pass laws providing the same compensation that the federal government offers for federal crimes : $ 50,000 per year of wrongful incarceration with an additional $ 50,000 for each year spent on death row . Today , five states have the same standard . Money would give Northrop a chance to "  just get started over again and have a normal life again , " he said . He works full-time but lives in a small room in a friend 's house because he ca n't afford his own apartment . Even in the states that do offer compensation to the innocent , standards vary wildly . Some pay $ 50,000 per year . Two pay more  Texas and Vermont  , but others less . Wisconsin pays $ 5,000 per year while Missouri pays $ 50 per day . New Hampshire sets an award cap of $ 20,000 while other states set a maximum of $ 500,000 , $ 1 million or no limit . Does your state compensate the wrongly convicted ? According to the Innocence Project , exonerated prisoners who are eligible for compensation wait an average three years to receive their money . Most states tax the money , according to the Innocence Project Report . Exonerees denied right to benefits "  There 's sort of a gut reaction that this is a horrible injustice , " said Innocence Project Northwest attorney Lara Zarowsky , who helped free Northrop . She is lobbying for a law in Washington state that would provide not only compensation for exonerated prisoners but also counseling , job training and other benefits that are currently available only to guilty former prisoners , not exonerees like Northrop . Some tasks , like learning new technology or finding transportation , can be difficult for someone who has been out of society for a decade or more . Zarowsky is also pushing for mental and physical health care benefits for exonerees . Washington state agencies "  just say flat out they 're not eligible because they were n't actually guilty so they do n't qualify , they do n't fit our criteria , " Zarowsky said . Nationwide , 10 states provide social services to help the innocent recover from their time in prison . "  It 's not all about the money , " Northrop said . "  It 's about possible counseling for certain individuals . ... People have no idea what effect stress has on a person in there . ... What that does to a mindset is just devastating . Terrible . "	After 17 years behind bars , Alan Northrop released with funds from prison job , gifts Almost half of all states fail to compensate people wrongly imprisoned Other states pay ranges from $ 5,000 a year to nearly $ 100,000 a year Innocence Project is lobbying for increased compensation , job training , counseling
CNN  -- When the chips are down , the world may one day owe a debt of gratitude to a group of potato farmers high up in the mountains of Peru . Not small potatoes : Preserving potato varieties in Peru is vital to global food security . Thanks to a new $ 116 million global fund established this summer , the Quechua Indians are being paid to maintain their diverse collection of rare potatoes and ensure that they will be available to help the world adapt to future climate change . The Quechua are one of 11 communities around the world , chosen for the important collection of crops they farm , which together are part of a major new initiative to ensure that the world has the options it might need to cope with future food crises . Other countries involved include Cuba , where they will be focusing on maize and beans , as well as oranges in Egypt and wheat in Tanzania . The fund , a cornerstone of the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture  ITPGRFA  , aims to maintain a reservoir of essential species for all our major food crops . "  Agricultural biodiversity is essential , " Dr Shakeel Bhatti , Secretary of the Treaty , told CNN . "  It is really the global insurance that in the future we will be able to adapt to problems like climate change and population growth . " Just as biodiversity is now seen as the cornerstone of the resilience of natural world , so having a broad variety of agricultural crops is essential to the resilience of agriculture . Different species of plants are often able to cope with widely differing environmental conditions and many obscure varieties could hide vital disease resistance . But the world 's valuable diversity is disappearing incredibly fast . "  The figures are quite disturbing , " said Dr Bhatti . Over the millennia , humans have relied on more than 10,000 different plant species for food . Today , we have barely 150 species under cultivation -- and of those only 12 species provide 80 percent of all of our food needs . Four of those -- rice , wheat , maize and potatoes -- provide more than half of our energy requirements . As global markets have grown and seed production and agriculture become more commercialized , the old system of farmers saving their own seeds - and by doing so a myriad of different crops , often closely adapted to local conditions - has almost disappeared . As a result variety is dwindling towards a vanishing point . China has lost 90 percent of the wheat varieties it had just 60 years ago . In the United States more than 90 percent of fruit tree and vegetable varieties found in farmers ' fields at the beginning of the twentieth century are no longer there . Mexico has lost 80 percent of its corn varieties . India has lost 90 percent of its rice varieties "  They 're gone ; they 've disappeared forever , " said Dr Bhatti . "  From a food security point of view this makes the world 's farmers much more vulnerable to pests ... and increases the vulnerability of some poor countries to price shocks in global commodity markets . " The ITPGRFA has two major aims : to prevent the loss of underused crops and ensure the full diversity of common crop species is maintained . It has already enabled the establishment of a seed bank containing 1.1 million varieties that opened in Svalbard , Norway , in 2008 . But now the focus is on crop varieties than can not be stored in this way -- such as potatoes . Historically , both the 19th century Irish Potato Famine and the Bengal Famine , in India , are hard lessons in what happens when we rely too much on a small range of species that are hit by disease . But , according to Dr Bhatti , there are problems around the world now that offer a glimpse at what could happen in the future if we do n't maintain our vigilance . Wheat Stem Rust is a devastating wind-born disease affecting cereals that has spread across Africa and is now in the Middle East , and migrating further eastwards . "  If it reaches South Asia and China then millions could face a major threat to food security , " says Dr Bhatti . In southwest Australia years of drought , believed to be linked to climate change , have had a huge impact on rice production . "  It has almost wiped out the sector , " said Dr Bhatti . Although the ITPGRFA was agreed in 2001 , and came into affect in 2004 , but for the last five years signatories have been locked in negotiations over how the scheme would be financed . It was n't until a conference in Tunis in June 2009 that the deadlock was broken with the new $ 116 million benefit sharing fund , which will fund the 11 projects . There are also contracts to ensure those countries that are centers of diversity -- often poorer nations -- benefit when species are used commercially by richer nations . "  That was a major step forward , " said Dr Bhatti . "  We now have tremendous confidence in the system ; the treaty is on track . " Rich signatories , such as Norway , Spain and Italy , have agreed to provide the rest of the funds within five years , and according to Dr Bhatti the U.S. has expressed a desire to sign up after disinterest during the Bush administration . So successful is the model established by the ITPGRFA that the World Health Organization is looking at it as a way of sharing information on viruses , including influenza ; there are also plans for a bank of animal genetic material . "  I must say I have been so delighted by the Tunis conference this year , " said Dr Bhatti . "  To a certain extent we were at a crossroads , but we completely came through . It was a quantum leap ; a major thing . We are moving forward . "	New multi-million global fund to preserve agricultural biodiversity Importance highlighted by previous food crises and famines U.S. has lost 90 percent of fruit and vegetable varieties in last 100 years
CNN  -- Now that the urgent business of the government shutdown and the debt ceiling is over , it is a good time for Republicans to stop and think . Below is an excerpt from the strategy memo I shared with House Republicans Wednesday morning on the situation currently facing the Republican Party . I believe that with the right approach and an emphasis on a better future for all Americans , we can win and govern in 2014 , 2016 , and beyond , but that it will take some profound rethinking of how to make our case to the American people . The current situation The left , broadly speaking -- President Barack Obama , most of the news media , left-wing interest groups , Democrats -- believes it sees an opportunity to create a wave election similar to those of 1994 , 2006 , 2010 and retake majority control of the House of Representatives . Their goal is to describe the Republican Party as an unacceptably radical party and defeat individual candidates by suppressing Republican turnout , driving independents away from Republicans and maximizing turnout of the Democratic base . In particular , efforts to control spending in Medicare and Medicaid and to reduce or eliminate funding for left-wing activities will consistently be described as radical and unacceptable . Reading the polls after the recent government shutdown , the left believes  mistakenly , I think  that this model is now even more likely to succeed . Those same polls also reveal extraordinary opportunity for Republicans . The fact is that Americans are fed up with Washington , not just with Republicans . They believe America is on the wrong track , and Obama 's approval rating is now among lowest of his presidency . While Republicans are currently on defense , the failures and costs of Obamacare , the continuing weak economy in jobs and take-home pay , growing government debt , and inevitable failures of bureaucratic big government will only make it more obvious that Washington and the bureaucracy is hopelessly broken . And the Democrats have very publicly reaffirmed themselves as the party of big government bureaucracy , most recently with the launch of Obamacare . Republicans could respond to these failures of government by becoming the Party of Austerity . But the Party of Austerity can rapidly reduce its supporters as people are told what the austerity means for them personally . Policies of pain almost never work in the absence of a large crisis . They might also play into the Democrat caricature of Republicans as radical and unacceptable . There is a different strategy , however , which could dramatically unlock the current policy gridlock in Washington and create a new conversation in which Americans find the Republican Party to once again be the party of hope and opportunity  as it was in the Reagan years and in the 1994 Contract with America campaign  . GOP : Website woes create fresh opening to go after Obamacare An historic opportunity The dramatic breakthroughs in science , technology , and entrepreneurship are creating new policy opportunities for a better future with a better economy , more take-home pay , better health , more learning , greater national security , a better , smaller , modernized government , and a balanced federal budget . In Washington insider terms , this sounds like a fantasy or an impossibility . In the dynamic world outside Washington , all of these capabilities are increasingly obvious but outside the political news media , the political language , and the thinking of politicians and their staffs and their consultants . This historic opportunity requires a very substantial change in the thinking and behavior of Republicans , and there will be enormous resistance to the change . A key Republican goal should be to have 80 % of all communications for the next four years be positive -- about exciting breakthroughs , exciting opportunities , and a better future for virtually all Americans . Nothing would do more to defeat the left 's current strategy than a positive Republican Party focused on opportunities for the future . Opinion : Immigration reform would help GOP Offering Americans a better future Our premise is that new science , technology , and entrepreneurship can lead to :  A rapidly growing economy with more jobs , more take-home pay and more economic opportunity ;  A new system of better learning at lower cost for your entire lifetime ;  A dramatic improvement in health outcomes and reduced costs leading to longer lives , greater independence for the elderly , and a dramatic increase in high-value jobs marketing American health innovations throughout the world ;  A modernized government that is much less expensive , more effective , and more reliable and accountable ;  A better environment through sound science , entrepreneurship , and focused problem-solving ;  A stronger , leaner , less wasteful national security system ;  A balanced budget within a decade through a combination of : -- greater economic growth ; -- more government revenues from a larger economy and from royalties from energy and other natural resources ; -- dramatic modernization of government to reduce waste and eliminate fraud ; -- breakthroughs in health dramatically lowering the cost of health care ; -- returning power to the states and to the people . Opinion : 3 ways to avert Washington 's next disaster Budget Conference strategy Republicans in the Budget Conference should focus first on economic growth , second on increased revenue through increased energy royalties , third on modernizing government to reduce fraud and theft , and fourth on dramatic opportunities for better health outcomes at lower costs . A tax increase for entitlement cuts agreement is a pain-pain agreement and ca n't possibly achieve our goals or be supported by the American people . There is no democracy in our lifetime that has sustained an austerity-led reform program . We need a new model of budget breakthroughs and this formula creates a new focus on a positive , opportunity-oriented future . What we are proposing is to replace the argument of more versus less with an argument of better future versus failed present . Today we have Republicans who want more savings and less taxes versus Democrats who want less savings and more taxes . Neither side is arguing for rethinking the fundamentals , learning from non-Washington developments , and modernizing government systems and policies . Better future vs. failed present would be a profound change in the very nature of the national debate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	Newt Gingrich : Democrats see an opportunity to win back control of the House He says Republicans will be painted as opponents of entitlement programs Gingrich : GOP should n't look for a deal to rein in entitlement spending and raise taxes Gingrich : Agenda should be a future of innovation in contrast to past government failures
Beijing  CNN  -- A video of a toddler crying while running in the snow nearly naked has sparked a firestorm in China , but the boy 's father says the exercise was meant to strengthen his son . "  It 's tough for me , too , when he cried out for my comfort , " father He Liesheng said . "  But I believe in ` no pain , no gain . ' Like an eagle , I push my child to the limit so he can learn how to fly . " The father shot and posted the online video clip showing his 4-year-old son running down a snow-covered street , wearing only shoes and underpants . In the footage , the boy -- nicknamed Duoduo -- chases his father , sobs and begs to be picked up . "  Daddy , Daddy please hold me , " Duoduo cries in the video , which was filmed while the family was in Flushing , New York on vacation . The father , who lives in the eastern Chinese city of Nanjing , said he calls himself "  Eagle Dad " for his tough parenting skills . He told CNN in a phone interview that the snow run is part of a training regimen of intensive physical and mental activities designed to strengthen his son , who was born premature and has suffered from health problems . "  I consulted my doctor friends to ensure what we do is scientific and that it wo n't harm my son 's body , " he said . The video has been viewed by tens of thousands of people online . In China , it has reignited debate about how far parents should push their children to attain success . Chinese parenting techniques have come under scrutiny after author Amy Chua 's book , "  Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother , " sparked heated discussion worldwide about the benefits of tough parenting . "  Some compare me to the ` Tiger Mom , ' but we are different , " He told CNN . "  Unlike her , I always respect my son 's will . " He said he plans to publish a book on his "  eagle-style " training soon . But his parenting method might have trouble finding followers . On Weibo , China 's version of Twitter , many users said the approach was tantamount to child abuse . "  I ca n't agree with this educational style , " a user going by the name of Dangpoluobaoyushangfengweibao posted . "  It 's so cruel . " Others suggested government officials should step in . "  Why do n't we have a law against this abnormal behavior ? " a user going by the name of Xinhongbaobei wrote . "  Before long , there will be all sorts of lion dads and snake moms who feel justified abusing their children . " The boy 's father told CNN he does n't care about the criticism . "  I 've always felt Chinese parents spoil their only child too much , " he said . "  We do n't expose them to nature enough and they get weaker and less competitive compared to foreign children . " In the video , both parents can be heard off camera instructing Duoduo to lie down in the snow . He said he and his wife always ensure their son is happy , and that Duoduo 's health has improved because of his unique training regimen . "  My wife strongly opposed my idea in the beginning , but I kept persuading her about the benefits of my method , " He said . "  She told me she 's beyond caring now . " CNN 's Shao Tian contributed to this report .	The video shows a toddler running outside , wearing only shoes and underpants "  Daddy , Daddy , please hold me , " the 4-year-old cries The father says the snow run is part of a regimen designed to strengthen his son Many in China say the approach is tantamount to child abuse
The American Red Cross says power outages created by recent storms in the East and Midwest cut blood donations , which were already low this summer . In June there was a nationwide shortfall , with donations down more than 10 % across the country . "  We are asking people to please call 1-800-RED-CROSS or visit us at redcrossblood.org to find a way to donate if they can , " said Stephanie Millian , Red Cross director of biomedical communications . "  We need people 's help . " One group that would like to help , but legally ca n't , may be moving one step closer to eligibility . Since the 1980s , when the AIDS epidemic decimated their community , gay men -- or MSMs  men who have sex with men  as they are called by federal agencies -- have not been allowed to donate blood . In June , a group of 64 U.S. legislators led by Rep. Mike Quigley , D-Illinois , and Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , sent a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services encouraging it to move forward with a study that may lead to the end of the decades-old ban . "  We remain concerned that a blanket deferral of MSM for any length of time both perpetuates the unwarranted discrimination against the bisexual and gay community and prevents healthy men from donating blood without a definitive finding of added benefit to the safety of the blood supply , " the letter said . China lifts ban on lesbians giving blood "  This is a matter of life and death and we are turning away over 50,000 healthy men who want to donate blood , " Quigley told CNN . "  A straight person who has unsafe sex with multiple partners can give blood , and that creates a greater risk than a gay person in a monogamous relationship . " The policy started at a time when people did n't know how the deadly virus that causes AIDS spread . At the time , there was n't a good test to detect whether HIV was present in donated blood , and HIV was getting into the nation 's blood supply . They knew this because hemophiliacs who were getting blood transfusions started showing symptoms of AIDS . What scientists also knew was that a disproportionate number of gay men were affected by the virus . To eliminate risk , the Food and Drug Administration added a screening question to the federal guidelines . Blood banks were instructed to ask male donors if they had had sex with a man , even once , since 1977 . The FDA regards 1977 as the beginning of the AIDS epidemic in the United States . If the potential donor responded "  yes , " he would automatically be removed from the donor pool for life . No similar questions were asked to screen out donors who engaged in other potentially risky sexual behavior . Donors were n't asked about the number of partners they had , nor were they asked if their sexual partners had engaged in unprotected sex with other HIV positive partners . "  While the Red Cross is obligated by law to follow the FDA guidelines , we continue to work with the AABB  formerly known as the American Association of Blood Banks  to push through policies that would be much more fair and consistent among donors who engage in similar risk activities , " Millian said . Scientists can now screen for most instances of HIV within days of infection , and the nation 's blood banks have called a lifetime ban "  medically and scientifically unwarranted . " Men who have sex with men still are disproportionately affected by the virus and account for nearly half the approximately 1.2 million people living with HIV in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . But it is a person 's behavior , not their sexual orientation , that puts them at risk say health experts . While he is a gay man , Adam Denney thinks he would be the perfect candidate to donate blood . He does n't use IV drugs . He practices safer sex . He even educates people on how to prevent new HIV infections as a regular volunteer educator with AIDS Volunteers Inc. in Lexington , Kentucky . He thinks his exclusion is unfair . "  Yes , gay men are still a high-risk community , but so are minority women , and there are no standards prohibiting them from donating . There would be rightful outrage against that kind of blanket population ban , " Denney said . "  I am banned based on one reason only , my sexual orientation . It 's totally discriminatory . " When Denney went to donate at a blood drive on the Eastern Kentucky University Campus a few years ago , he said he knew what likely would happen when the nurses asked the sexual history question . "  I did know what I was getting into , but I was shocked by how it felt to be rejected , " he said . "  It was almost like they thought I was n't important enough to give blood , like because I was gay I did n't count . It was a horrible feeling . " Parts of UK lift lifetime ban on gay men donating blood Nathan Schaefer with GMHC , an AIDS service organization , said Denney normally would be the type of donor blood banks are hungry for . Studies show those who give blood when they are young become regular lifetime donors , something most blood banks are struggling to find these days . GMHC has been fighting to change the ban for years . In 2010 GMHC joined a coalition of other nonprofits to encourage Congress to send a letter to HHS to end the ban , which some members of congress did . In June of that year , HHS brought together an independent panel of experts . The Advisory Committee on Blood Safety and Availability reviewed the policy and decided to keep it and concluded the ban was "  suboptimal , " because it allows high-risk individuals to donate while keeping low-risk donors out . However , the expert committee also concluded "  available scientific data are inadequate to support change to a specific alternate policy . " The panel suggested the policy not be changed and recommended further evaluation . HHS then promised to conduct feasibility studies to determine if there was a subset of the gay male population that would pose little or no threat to the blood supply . "  We finally got them to stop defending the policy at the very least , which was pretty significant , " Schaefer said . The HHS is still determining the criteria for which part of the population to study . GMHC suggested the population to consider should include gay men who have had only one sex partner in the past six months . Spain and Italy , two countries with more progressive donor policies , hold everyone to that standard regardless of sexual orientation . Schaefer takes the point one step further . "  A straight person could donate today after having unprotected sex with hundreds of partners , and in the United States they wo n't ask about that behavior , " he said . He added that four out of five gay men are HIV negative , which he estimated means 2 million additional people could be blood donors . A 2010 study by the Williams Institute at the University of California-Los Angeles estimated that if gay men who had not had sexual contact for the past 12 months were allowed to donate blood , more than 53,000 additional men would likely make more than 89,000 blood donations . That number may seem small , but blood banks say it could help enormously , especially now , when blood supply shortages are common . After Denney was denied the chance to donate , he asked some of his friends to help him demonstrate outside the blood drive . They produced signs to raise awareness about the ban and distributed educational material . They also escorted people to the drive , because they wanted people to continue to donate . "  A lot of people in the Bible Belt assume you have AIDS if you are a gay man , " he said . "  We wanted them to understand that is not the case . We are banned based on an outdated policy . When people questioned us , I told them about how I always heard that people who donate blood are heroes . Gay men want to be heroes , too . " Should people be allowed to sell their organs ?	Gay men prohibited from donating blood In June , blood donations were down more than 10 % Studies show 1 in 5 people donate blood , 95 % of population will need donated blood 64 members of Congress are urging the United States to end the ban
Charlottesville , Virginia  CNN  -- A man testified Thursday that he saw former University of Virginia lacrosse player George Huguely with his arm around the neck of Huguely 's then-girlfriend -- an incident that occurred a few months before she was found beaten to death . Michael Burns ' testimony highlighted yet another emotional day in the murder trial of Huguely , which began this week . Huguely was arrested in May 2010 on several charges , including first-degree murder , in the death of Yeardley Love . Both the suspect and the victim played lacrosse on nationally ranked Cavaliers ' teams . A lacrosse player himself at the University of North Carolina and a friend of Love 's , Burns admitted he 'd "  hooked up " a few times with Love , but denied the two had ever dated . On the stand Thursday , Burns recalled being in an off-campus Charlottesville apartment complex where Huguely lived in February 2010 for a party . While there , he said he heard somebody yelling , "  Help me ! Help me ! " When he went into a nearby bedroom , Burns testified that he saw Huguely with his arm around Love 's neck . "  George was on his back , and Yeardley was on her back ... trying to pull his arm off of her , " he testified . Soon after Burns came in , he said that the young woman got free and ran out of the room , while Huguely turned to face the wall . "  She said to me ... ` Thank you so much , ' " Burns said . "  She also said she could n't breathe . She was hysterically crying . " Several others took the stand to say they 'd also seen Love run out of the room , in apparent distress . A couple of days later , Love phoned Burns and told him , "  Everything was OK . George was just being crazy , " the witness testified . On Wednesday , the first full day with testimony , Huguely 's attorney asked the jury to consider only an involuntary manslaughter conviction , saying Love 's death was an accident . Huguely has been held for nearly two years . If he 's convicted of involuntary manslaughter , the most time he could serve is 10 years . Prosecutors , for their part , said Huguely made an e-mail threat against Love , 22 , before her May 2010 death at her residence . Prosecutor Warner D. Chapman read e-mails exchanged between the two after Huguely heard Love had allegedly slept with someone else . The defendant wrote , "  I should have killed you " and Love responded , "  You should have killed me ? " according to Chapman . Huguely responded that the pair should talk , Chapman said . Chapman also told jurors that Love 's death was slow and painful , claiming she could have remained alive for a couple of hours after Huguely left her apartment . The defense also claims Love was alive when Huguely left . Charlottesville Police Detective Lisa Reeves wrote in a sworn statement used to obtain a search warrant in the case that "  George Huguely admitted on May 3 , 2010 , that he was involved in an altercation with Yeardley Love and , during the course of the altercation , he shook Love and her head repeatedly hit the wall . " But defense attorney Francis Lawrence said there was no evidence that Love 's head hit a wall . A medical examiner ruled that blunt force trauma killed Love , and authorities allege Huguely caused it during the altercation . The trial resumes Friday with a new prosecution witness .	NEW : A man says he heard cries of "  Help me ! " while at a Virginia apartment complex NEW : He testifies he saw George Huguely with his arms around Yeardley Love 's neck NEW : The crying young woman told him "  thank you , " the witness testifies Huguely is charged with murdering Love ; his lawyers call her death an accident
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Genarlow Wilson , freed last week from a Georgia prison , said he 's glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors , even if it would have sprung him from prison months earlier . Genarlow Wilson tells CNN on Sunday that he will be more conservative and alert in the future . The 21-year-old , who served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation , said the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove him to turn down the deal . He had to think about his 9-year-old sister and having a family of his own one day , he said Sunday . "  It might 've been lesser time , but then again , I would have nowhere to go because I would have no home , " Wilson said during a CNN interview scheduled to air Monday at 8 p.m. "  I would n't be able to stay with my mother because I have a little sister . You know , when you 're a sex offender you ca n't be around kids . Basically , I ca n't even have kids myself , you know , so what is the point of life ? " he asked . In 2005 , a jury found Wilson guilty of aggravated child molestation for having oral sex with a 15-year-old girl at a 2003 New Year 's Eve party . Wilson was 17 at the time of the party . Watch Wilson say why he rejected the plea deal " The conviction carried a 10-year mandatory prison sentence and a sex offender designation . According to Georgia Attorney General Thurbert Baker , prosecutors in Douglas County , Georgia , offered Wilson a plea deal that would have reduced his sentence , possibly to time served , and would have eventually removed the conviction and sex offender status from his record . Defense attorney B.J. Bernstein said in June that Wilson rejected the deal because he did n't want to plead guilty to a felony with a 15-year sentence . The state Legislature last year amended the law under which Wilson was convicted , making such sexual encounters misdemeanors . However , the Legislature did not make the law retroactive , so it had no effect on Wilson 's sentence . Now 21 , Wilson was released Friday after the state Supreme Court ruled 4-3 that the young man 's sentence "  constitutes cruel and unusual punishment . " Wilson said Sunday he feels no "  negative energy " toward District Attorney David McDade , who fought efforts to have Wilson 's sentence reduced . Instead , Wilson said , he is focused on the future and hopes to soon immerse himself in his college studies . He wants to major in sociology , he said , "  because I feel like I 've been living my major . " The new Genarlow Wilson will be more conservative , more alert and more appreciative of the blessings bestowed upon him , he said . "  When it seems like you have everything , you know , you feel like you have no worries until it 's all gone , and I know what it feels like to be without and I do n't want to ever feel like that again , " said the former honor student , football star and homecoming king . "  I do n't ever want to see the inside of a prison or a prison , period . " Though he called his sentence "  absurd , " Wilson said he understands that prosecutors "  were doing their job and they felt they were carrying out the law . " Wilson also said he knows what he did was foolish . "  I was young then . I did some idiotic things in my teen years , but you know , every average teen does , " he said . "  I do n't think any of us made very wise decisions , but I do n't think that any of us can go back then and change what happened . " E-mail to a friend	Genarlow Wilson : Accepting plea deal would have left him without a home Wilson , 21 , promises to be more conservative , alert and thankful in future He plans to study sociology in college -- "  I feel like I 've been living my major " Wilson served two years in prison after consensual oral sex with teen girl
CNN  -- Zack Snyder evidently had an awesome idea for a video game . But for some reason , he decided to do it as a movie first . I mean , it 's playing in movie theatres , so I guess you would have to call it a movie , albeit a sorry excuse for one . Snyder has accrued some status with younger fans through his boldly stylized retakes on George Romero 's "  Dawn of the Dead , " Frank Miller 's "  300 " and Alan Moore 's "  Watchmen . " So far , the raw material has been distinctive enough to camouflage Snyder 's increasingly threadbare bag of tricks : toggling between slow and fast motion , extreme close-ups and vertiginous long shots . He feeds back the kind of bastardized cinematic effects that comic books , pop videos and games took from film in the first place . It 's a high-impact , low-return aesthetic that promotes a tawdry gloss above character and story . Talking of which , "  Sucker Punch " is Snyder 's first stab at original material . And when I say "  stab , " I mean he prods at it anxiously with a long blade , as if he wants to make sure it 's well and truly dead . If Snyder has any call on the attention of a reasonably intelligent adult -- and on the evidence of this sleazy atrocity , that 's a mighty big "  if " -- it 's as a pioneer of a post-narrative cinema , in which sensation and spectacle are paramount and situation is as fluid as a digital composite . Here he conjures giants , zeppelins , and dragons all in the blink of an eye . But are these things enough when they come out of thin air ? Clearly not , as "  Sucker Punch " falls back repeatedly on the hoariest of melodramatic cliches . And so we 're treated to orphaned sisters abused and  in one case  murdered by an evil stepfather , who commits the surviving girl  Emily Browning  to an asylum and bribes the warden to arrange a lobotomy . All this within the first three minutes . Browning - -- known only as "  Baby Doll " -- contrives a mental escape route into an alternative reality , a bordello/burlesque house . But this , too , is a dangerous place controlled by rapacious men . She finds another rabbit hole in performing interpretative dance routines  which we never see  that transfix her captors , while projecting herself and her fellow inmates - -- including Abbie Cornish and Vanessa Hudgens -- into virtual reality adventure game scenarios : a Shaolin temple duel ; a WWI assignment behind enemy lines ; a ticking time bomb ; etc. , etc. . iReporter : One out of five for "  Sucker Punch " On some level , these episodes are configured as empowering fantasies ; the girls are pulling the triggers , after all . They 're also heavily fetishized affairs involving high heels , suspenders and plenty of skin . Kudos to Snyder  who co-wrote the screenplay with Steve Shibuya  for letting his imagination run wild . It 's just a pity that imagination is so drastically circumscribed by the lurid "  ho couture " culture of shoot-em-ups and soft porn . In the end , what can you say about a filmmaker who thinks nothing of laying a cover of the Eurythmics ' "  Sweet Dreams "  lyric : "  Some of them want to abuse you "  over scenes of a man menacing two young girls ? Or the Pixies ' magisterial "  Where Is My Mind " over the committal scene ? That Snyder is unafraid of overstatement ? Or that he imagines an audience as lobotomized as his benumbed Baby Doll ? See , the suckers here are the poor mugs who leave their dollars at the door . And for what ? A seedy , desaturated , overstimulated simulation of a real movie . Schlock treatment for comatose gamers , and a bomb with a bright pink cherry on top .	"  Sucker Punch " stars Emily Browning , Abbie Cornish , Vanessa Hudgens Browning 's character escapes into an alternative reality , a bordello/burlesque house Tom Charity calls it "  a seedy , desaturated , overstimulated simulation of a real movie "
CNN  About 20 hours after the Boston Marathon started Monday , many of the cheering crowds had dispersed and the streets were cleared . But one man , despite the odds against him , crossed the finish line . Venezuelan native Maickel Melamed , who is battling muscular dystrophy , completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. Tuesday . A group of energized fans rallied for the 39-year-old as he walked down Boylston Street in the pouring rain with volunteers from his foundation , Vamos . He was the last participant to complete the race , CNN affiliate WCVB-TV reported . Friends who were waiting for Melamed to cross the finish line said the university professor and motivational speaker is dedicated and motivated . "  He wants to show that life is great , no matter how many problems you can have , " friend Perla Sananes said . Melamed was born with muscular dystrophy , which causes progressive weakness and loss of muscle mass throughout the body . As the disease progresses , people with the condition have difficulty doing physical activities like running and walking . Melamed has completed marathons in Chicago , New York , Berlin and Tokyo . Boston has a special place in his heart because his parents brought him to the city as a baby , WCVB-TV said . His perseverance was celebrated by crowds at the marathon finish line Tuesday morning , and also by fans online . Melamed is one of about 30,000 participants who raced in this year 's marathon , which comes less than two weeks after a jury found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty of all 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston bombings . On social media Monday , spectators cheered for runners and the city , calling the marathon a symbol of strength and unity .	Maickel Melamed , who has muscular dystrophy , took part in the 2015 Boston Marathon He completed the race 20 hours after the start Despite rainy weather , fans and friends cheered for the 39-year-old
CNN Student News  -- August 20 , 2009 Quick Guide Afghan Election Day - Journey to a remote part of Afghanistan ahead of a presidential election . Launch Delayed - Learn about a pair of planned space launches in the U.S. and South Korea . Guitar of the Future - Rock out to a report on the changing technology of electric guitars . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : One country prepares for its next orbiting opportunity while another has to wait to kick-start its space program . We 're launching into the details in CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Baghdad Violence AZUZ : We begin in Iraq , where a series of bombings have rocked the capital city of Baghdad . The U.S. pulled its combat troops out of Iraqi cities and towns back on June 30th . That left security responsibilities to the Iraqis . But violence has been on the rise since then , and yesterday marked the deadliest day in the nation since the end of June . At least 95 people were killed and more than 560 others were wounded by six explosions across Baghdad , including two that targeted government buildings . Authorities said that two people who were believed to be connected to the attacks were arrested yesterday . Iraq 's prime minister said the bombings will force the country to re-evaluate its security plans . But American officials said the attacks wo n't stop Iraqis from building a peaceful society and wo n't stop the U.S. from helping with those efforts . Afghan Election Day AZUZ : U.S. forces are also helping out in Afghanistan today , as that country holds just the second presidential election in its history . Security has been a big concern leading up to the event . Several election workers were killed in attacks this week , and the Taliban has vowed to disrupt the voting with violence . That 's why American Marines and Afghan soldiers have been deployed to help protect voters . Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission estimates that there are about 17 million registered voters in the country . That 's about 4.6 million more than in 2004 during the last election . Many of them live in remote areas . In order to get them voting supplies , officials are using helicopters , cars , even donkeys . Ivan Watson went along for the ride to one of these polling places and he tells us about the preparations leading up to today 's election . BEGIN VIDEO IVAN WATSON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : We 're in a convoy in a police truck . We 're escorting this truck up ahead of us -- in the dust , you might be able to see it -- and it 's taking ballot boxes up to some of the polling stations here in Afghanistan 's central Bamiyan province . As you can see , security is important here , even though this is one of the safest provinces in the country . Despite that good track record , election workers say , in some parts of the province , they 've heard of armed men going house to house , warning people not to vote . And also , there 's been a spike in violence and insurgent attacks over the past three months , as insurgents have tried to disrupt this election process . Now , you can tell the roads here are not paved . Despite the fact that Bamiyan is one of the safest provinces in the country -- it 's been spared the daily car bombs and roadside bombs that the south and the east of the country have seen , and some of the assassination attacks -- it still has n't really benefited from reconstruction . There are fewer than five miles , five kilometers of paved road in this entire province . And that makes this election a real logistical challenge . You can see the posters over there of some of the candidates for provincial council and for president . People here , they say they are going to participate in the elections . And there is a lot of support here for the incumbent president , Hamid Karzai , in part because some of the traditional ethnic Hazara leaders , this is a predominantly ethnic Hazara province , they have endorsed the incumbent president , Hamid Karzai . END VIDEO ID Me ! TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I became an independent country after World War II . I 'm located on a peninsula in Asia . My capital city of Seoul hosted the 1988 Summer Olympics . I 'm South Korea , and I 'm home to around 48.5 million people . Launch Delayed AZUZ : South Korea 's space program is in a holding pattern after officials cancelled yesterday 's rocket launch just eight minutes before liftoff ! In fact , this is the seventh time that the launch has been postponed since the program was started in 2002 . Engineers say this week 's delay is due to a technical glitch , and it will take at least three days to figure out what went wrong and try again . South Korea is hoping that the rocket , which cost about $ 400 million , will jump-start its space program . The ultimate goal is to send an unmanned probe to the moon by 2025 . Discovery Launch AZUZ : The U.S. space program has been running for decades , and NASA is planning its latest launch for next week . Bad weather or technical concerns could cause delays , but if everything goes according to schedule , the space shuttle Discovery will go up Tuesday morning on its 37th mission into space . The seven-person crew will be delivering equipment and supplies to the international space station . Hurricane Bill AZUZ : ... whose current crew - up there now - is enjoying this view ! What you 're looking at is Hurricane Bill as seen from the orbiting space station . The first hurricane of the 2009 Atlantic season increased to a Category 4 storm by Wednesday afternoon . It 's big , it 's bad , it 's moving through the Atlantic Ocean . But forecasters do n't expect it to affect the southern United States , although they say it 's too early to tell if Bill will have an impact on the northeast . Shoutout GEORGE RAMSAY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Parks ' government classes at Luverne High School in Luverne , Alabama ! On what stringed instrument would you find a tune-o-matic bridge , tremolo and pickups ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it a : A  Cello , B  Piano , C  Lever Harp or D  Electric Guitar ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! You can find all of these features on an electric guitar . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Guitar of the Future AZUZ : Electric guitars have been around for more than 70 years . They 've seen some changes during that time -- the type of strings , the shape of the instrument , even what it 's made out of -- but they 've all basically sounded the same . Not anymore . Felipe Barral tells us about a new guitar that incorporates the past as it moves toward the future . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP FELIPE BARRAL , CNN REPORTER : The last couple of years , guitars have added mini-computers that add a whole new dimension . JOHN HALPEN , GUITAR CENTER : What this is attempting to do is kind of integrate digital and analog signals , and the worlds exist within them . BARRAL : At the Guitar Center , John Halpen shows off the latest offering . It 's the Gibson Dark Fire , which is based on the famous Gibson Les Paul classic guitar , but with a microprocessor inside , taking studio effects out on the road . HALPEN : With the advantage of digital audio and recording systems that are available in-house , to where everyone can do it themselves . This allows you to tap into those abilities and get all sorts of different sounds that were never possible with a regular guitar . BARRAL : The guitar tones itself , just by turning the master control knob , one can change to any of 18 different tones . With a small servo motor on each tuning key , it looks like magic . The guitar also has a technology called "  chameleon " that can simulate several classical sounds , sounds that use to depend on the different types of wood a guitar is made from , like a classic electric guitar or an acoustic guitar to a more jazzy sound . HALPEN : Guitar players are generally kind of looking to the past for what they 've always liked sound wise . And what this does is lets you get all those classic sounds from the past , staples of rock music , jazz music and all that from one guitar . BARRAL : The guitar can also be connected to a nearby computer that gives more choices : the type of amplifier you use , the equalization , effects and even record a "  loop " and play on top of it , all live . For some guitarists , this is the evolution of sound : endless turning possibilities , cutting edge technology and the ability to produce different sounds with just one click . One has to realize that creativity has a very interesting new tool . Felipe Barral , CNN , Atlanta . END VIDEO CLIP Promo AZUZ : Showoff . But I guess if I were that good , I 'd be showing off too . Now you tell us : Is this cool , with technology making something better ? Or is it cheating , kind of taking something away from tuning the guitar yourself ? We thought you musicians might have something to say about this . Say it on our blog ! Head to CNNStudentNews.com and riff your opinion . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , want to know the fastest way to ruin a quiet summer evening ? Have this guy show up on your front porch ! Yeah , that 's all the same snake . 11 feet long , 55 pounds and does n't seem to like being held . The pesky python slithered up on a California family 's front stoop this week before getting stuck in a nearby fence . When animal control showed up , it took two officers to wrestle the rascally reptile into the truck . Goodbye AZUZ : They should have just called in Shirley Coen . If you do n't get that joke , just watch yesterday 's Before We Go segment . But we are going to slither away for today . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Journey to a remote part of Afghanistan ahead of a presidential election Learn about a pair of planned space launches in the U.S. and South Korea Rock out to a report on the changing technology of electric guitars
Beijing  CNN  -- Relatives of vanished Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 passengers wailed and yelled in a Beijing hotel Thursday as the airline announced it was closing the assistance centers where they 'd been gathered for weeks -- effectively telling the families to go home . The closures also will mean no more mass daily briefings for the relatives -- news that sparked a new wave of anguish and despair for the hundreds who heard it at Beijing 's Lido Hotel . "  What can we do ? " a relative yelled , as others kneeled in front of police who had assembled in the hotel briefing room to keep order . "  Who will find our family members ? " another shouted . The airline said the center at the Lido Hotel , where the company has hosted families since March , would close Friday . Centers elsewhere will close by May 7 , it said . "  Instead of staying in hotels , the families of MH370 are advised to receive information updates on the progress of the search and investigation and other support by Malaysia Airlines within the comfort of their own homes , with the support and care of their families and friends , " the airline said in a news release . The briefing at the Lido Hotel came on the day that the Malaysian government released its preliminary report on the plane 's March 8 disappearance . The hotel has been an important hub of information for relatives in China . More than 100 passengers on the plane are Chinese . The airline said it would open different "  family support centers " in Beijing and Malaysia 's capital ; it was n't immediately clear what those centers would do . ` People started to break down ' Sarah Bajc , the American partner of Flight 370 passenger Philip Wood , said she was one of about 500 people at Thursday 's Lido Hotel meeting . The briefing began with the airline 's CEO making a seven-minute statement in English by video , Bajc said . Most of the relatives did n't understand the message until a Chinese translation was given afterward , she said . "  That 's when people started to break down , " she said . Bajc said she left the room , saying the scene started to feel tense . "  I could hear a lot of yelling . Some of the police officers that were outside went in , and they started to file family members out through a separate exit , " she told CNN 's "  New Day . " Calm was restored when Chinese officials continued the briefing and ensured the families that the search would continue , and that the relatives would n't be forgotten , a CNN crew outside the briefing room reported . Bajc said Chinese relatives previously told her they dreaded the day that the hotel centers would close , fearing they would n't get timely updates at their rural homes . "  They are very distraught , because the average Chinese family member will be sent home to mostly a very rural place with limited access to  the  Internet , and they just feel like all lines of communications will be cut , " she said . Airline to begin compensation payments The airline also said Thursday it would begin making advance compensation to the Flight 370 passengers ' next of kin , to help with their immediate economic needs . Under an international treaty known as the Montreal Convention , the airline must pay relatives of each deceased passenger an initial sum of around $ 150,000 to $ 175,000 . Relatives of victims can also sue for further damages . The airline did n't say how much of an advance the families would receive . "  Such advanced payments will not affect the rights of the next-of-kin to claim compensation according to the law at a later stage , and will be calculated as part of the final compensation , " the airline 's news release said . Report : Four-hour gap before official search began The news of the hotel center closures came on the day the Malaysian government publicly released the initial report on the plane 's disappearance -- the report that it initially sent to the to the International Civil Aviation Organization , the U.N. body for global aviation . The report said officials apparently did n't notice for 17 minutes that the flight had gone off radar -- and did n't activate an official rescue operation for four hours . Relatives told CNN that Malaysian authorities e-mailed the interim report -- which contained both text and audio -- late Thursday . Meanwhile , the Bluefin-21 undertook what was one of its longest , most extensive missions to search the depths of the southern Indian Ocean for signs of the missing aircraft . Michael Dean , deputy supervisor of salvage and diving for the U.S. Navy , said the submersible 's 17th mission lasted 27 hours and descended to 5,000 meters . "  It was a pretty successful mission in terms of what they covered , " Dean said . The Navy official noted that Australia 's government has asked the U.S. Navy to extend its role in the search by a week or more -- a request that is under review . The Bluefin later moved onto its 18th mission , after which -- assuming no wreckage is found -- it should return to port on its host ship , the Ocean Shield , to refuel , according to Dean . GeoResonance defends Bay of Bengal claim Meanwhile , the private company that says it may have found plane wreckage in the Bay of Bengal defended its claim , even though it would n't detail the technology it used . GeoResonance said it used spectral analysis from satellite and plane images to reach its conclusion about the Bay of Bengal site . The company said it conducted "  large scale remote sensing " and detected the presence of aluminum , titanium and copper . Scientists went back to test for other elements that the company says make up a commercial jet . GeoResonance has faced questions about how it could have found wreckage deep underwater , thousands of miles from the official search area . "  What we say to those people is that that is not about technology , that is about the fact that an object or a combination of objects which produce exactly the same signal as materials used in a plane are detected , " GeoResonance Managing Director Pavel Kursa told CNN 's Anna Coren . The company said its search was self-funded and it wants to keep intellectual property private . "  Our technology comprises of 20 different technologies , and a lot of it is very valuable intellectual property , " director David Pope said . "  And we are not in the business of just giving out intellectual property for nothing . " Analyst : Experts do n't support claim The company said its analysis was done by a team of its scientists in Europe . But GeoResonance declined to name the scientists or the country they worked in and declined to give a reason . CNN aviation expert Miles O'Brien said GeoResonance 's claims are not supported by experts . "  My blood is boiling , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  I 've talked to the leading experts in satellite imaging capability at NASA , and they know of no technology that is capable of doing this . I am just horrified that a company would use this event to gain attention like this . " Nevertheless , the company got its wish Wednesday , when Bangladesh sent two navy vessels into the Bay of Bengal to the location cited by GeoResonance . The chief coordinator of the international search effort , Australian Angus Houston , held out little optimism that any such search would prove fruitful . He told Sky News International that the search area in the Indian Ocean had been set based on pings believed to have come from one or both of the plane 's voice and data recorders . "  The advice from the experts is that 's probably where the aircraft lost power and , somewhere close to that , it probably entered the water , " he said . But some aviation experts said officials have little choice but to look into the company 's claim . "  The investigators are going to be hard-pressed to blow this off , " said Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  I think at this point , because of the lack of results where they 've been searching for six weeks , they 're almost stuck . They have to go look . " Searchers dispute company 's claim that it may have found aircraft wreckage Is GeoResonance on to something ? Plane audio recording played for first time to Chinese families CNN 's David McKenzie reported from Beijing . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Allen Shum and Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	NEW : Submersible completes 27-hour search mission , starts next one Malaysia Airlines is closing relatives ' support centers , urging relatives to return home Relatives wail , yell after being told to go home GeoResonance talks about its wreckage claim but wo n't give specifics on technology
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Two U.S. customs agents were arrested on charges they helped smuggle drugs and other contraband through New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . The DEA says two customs officials at JFK International Airport helped smuggle drugs and contraband . Customs supervisor Walter Golembiowski and officer John Ajello face narcotics , bribery and conspiracy charges in the case , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . Golembiowski and Ajello regularly solicited and accepted bribes to allow contraband to pass through undetected , the DEA said . Two airport workers and two others were also charged with importing counterfeit goods . Some of those items included Rolex , Cartier and Chanel watches and designer sunglasses , the DEA said . On several occasions , Golembiowski was captured on audio and video taking bribes to aid his co-conspirators in bringing in illegal drugs and counterfeit goods . "  Smuggling any kind of illegal commodity raises troubling issues at a time of deep concern over national security , " said Michael J. Garcia , the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York . "  The threat is heightened when a government official accepts bribes to help smugglers breach our borders . " The arrests came as a result of a lengthy sting operation by a state , local and federal task force . Prosecutors said numerous recorded meetings and phone calls captured the suspects talking about plans to smuggle hashish , ecstasy and other illegal items . The investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people -- "  from distributors to overseas sources of supply " -- and the seizure of more than 600 pounds of imported hashish and other drugs from the United States and France , according to the statement .	DEA says two agents regularly accepted and solicited bribes They and four others allegedly smuggled illegal contraband and drugs Investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people Arrests follow a lengthy investigation by state and federal authorities
CNN  -- Dharun Ravi , the former Rutgers University student convicted of bias intimidation , appeared in court Wednesday , one day after he apologized for spying on his roommate with a webcam . "  I accept responsibility for and regret my thoughtless , insensitive , immature , stupid and childish choices that I made on September 19 , 2010 , and September 21 , 2010 , " Ravi said in a written statement . His court appearance Wednesday formalized his decision to head to jail Thursday , waiving his right not to serve jail time twice for the same crime , as prosecutors appeal his sentence . New Jersey prosecutors argue that the former student 's crimes warranted more than a 30-day jail term and called Superior Judge Glenn Berman 's sentence "  insufficient under the sentencing laws of this state . " CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said there is "  very little chance " the sentence will be overturned on appeal . He noted that under New Jersey law , the judge had the flexibility to sentence Ravi to anything from zero to 10 years in prison . Ravi was handed a 30-day jail sentence , three years of probation and must complete 300 hours of community service aimed at assisting victims of bias crimes . He also must pay more than $ 11,000 in restitution . "  I decided to accept and hopefully complete the sentence as soon as possible . It 's the only way I can go on with my life , " Ravi said in his statement . His attorney said he intends to begin community service after he serves his sentence and will start paying his fines in August . Ravi 's roommate , Tyler Clementi , 18 , killed himself by jumping off New York 's George Washington Bridge into the Hudson River after learning Ravi had secretly recorded his intimate encounter with another man .	NEW : Ravi 's court appearance formalized his decision to head to jail Thursday NEW : He waived his right not to serve jail time twice for the same crime , as prosecutors appeal NEW : Attorney said Ravi intends to begin community service after he serves his sentence NEW : The former Rutgers student is expected to start paying his fines in August
CNN  -- Hurricane Emilia raged into to a Category 4 storm Tuesday , hurling 140 mph winds as it spun across the Pacific Ocean . As of Tuesday morning , Emilia was about 680 miles  1,095 kilometers  south-southwest of the southern tip of Baja California , Mexico , the Miami-based National Hurricane Center said . It was traveling west-northwest at about 12 mph . No coastal watches or warnings have been issued due to Emilia , and the hurricane center did not indicate if it is expected to hit or even approach land . Though Emilia 's intensity could fluctuate Tuesday , "  gradual weakening is expected to begin by tonight and continue through Thursday , " the weather agency said Tuesday . Past 12 months warmest recorded in United States Farther west , the cyclone known as Daniel fizzled from a hurricane to a tropical storm . By 5 a.m. ET Tuesday , Daniel 's maximum sustained winds had weakened to 70 mph -- under the 74-mph threshold to qualify as a hurricane , according to the hurricane center . Like Hurricane Emilia , Tropical Storm Daniel did not pose a threat to land , the weather agency said . Daniel was about 1,440 miles east of Hilo , Hawaii , and was moving west at 16 mph . "  Gradual weakening is forecast during the next 48 hours , and Daniel could become a tropical depression by Thursday , " the National Hurricane Center said . Is the hurricane near you ? Share your photos and videos on CNN iReport , but please stay safe .	NEW : Hurricane Emilia whips maximum sustained winds of about 140 mph NEW : The cyclone known as Daniel fizzles from a hurricane to a tropical storm Weather agency : Neither Emilia nor Daniel currently pose a threat to land Both the hurricane and the tropical storm are expected to weaken through Thursday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British reality TV celebrity Jade Goody died early Sunday morning following a public battle with cervical cancer , her publicist has announced . Jade Goody married her fiance Jack Tweed weeks before her death . Goody , 27 , died in her sleep at home in Essex , east of London , just before 4 a.m.  midnight Eastern Daylight Time  , a spokeswoman for Max Clifford Associates said . Goody 's husband , Jack Tweed , who she married last month in a lavish wedding ceremony , was at her bedside when she died , Clifford said . Her mother , Jackiey Budden , who was also at the house , said : "  My beautiful daughter is at peace . " Goody leaves behind two sons , Bobby , 5 , and Freddie , 4 , by former boyfriend and TV host Jeff Brazier . "  She died knowing that she had touched a lot of hearts and minds across the world , " Clifford told CNN by phone from Portugal . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was "  deeply saddened " by Goody 's death . "  Her family can be extremely proud of the work she has done to raise awareness of cervical cancer which will benefit thousands of women across the U.K. Every death from cancer is a tragedy and my thoughts go out to her two sons , husband and family at this time , " Brown said in a statement . The British media has reported a rise in the number of screenings for cervical cancer since Goody announced she had the disease , a phenomenon some have dubbed the "  Jade Goody effect . " Goody 's death marks the tragic end to a very modern tale . Images of her shrinking frame and bald head have dominated the pages of British media since she announced she had just weeks to live . However , she has openly courted the attention since bursting into the spotlight courtesy of the British version of "  Big Brother " in 2002 . At first the former dental nurse was a hate figure for Britain 's vociferous tabloid newspapers , who attacked her for being ignorant and stupid . The public , however , warmed to her loud , honest streak . She did not win the series , but was able to parlay her popularity into a series of reality television and business deals . Her face was soon regularly boldly looking out from the cover of gossip magazines and you could buy the fragrance Shh ... Jade Goody , fitness DVDs or pick up a copy of her autobiography . In 2007 , with her fame starting to dip , she agreed to return for the celebrity edition of "  Big Brother , " with her mother and then boyfriend , Jack Tweed , joining her in the house . It was to prove an ill-fated decision . Goody was soon accused of making racist comments and bullying her housemate -- the Indian actress Shilpa Shetty . More than 50,000 complaints were received . When she was voted out of the house the show 's producers took the unusual step of banning the public from attending her eviction . Goody was tearful and apologetic but British PR guru Clifford summed up the general opinion at the time by saying : "  It looks like she has ruined a very lucrative career . " Ever resilient , Goody had a Christmas cookbook out at the end of 2007 and in 2008 signed up for India 's version of "  Big Brother . " Two days into the show her cancer diagnosis was revealed on air . She flew home immediately to begin treatment . Last month Goody revealed her cancer was terminal and that she only had weeks to live . With typical bravado she , with Clifford 's help , organized her wedding to Tweed , who had only just been released from prison after serving a sentence for assault , selling the exclusive rights to OK! magazine for a reported $ 970,000 . It was also filmed for her reality TV show . Read blog about how media covered wedding The British government even stepped in to extend Tweed 's 7 p.m. curfew , a condition of his release from jail , so the couple could spend their wedding night together . Watch Jade Goody 's wedding preparations " Despite her weakening state Goody continued to open her door to the media , saying she needed to keep selling her story to help secure the future of her sons . In the days leading up to her death there were newspaper stories on a hammer-wielding woman getting into her room , the baptism of her sons , her last view of "  sun-kissed " fields and final farewells with family . There was also controversy when OK ! published a memorial issue nearly a week before she died . The issue , with a coverline announcing "  Jady Goody , 1981-2009 , " went on sale Tuesday . Clifford said Goody had loved her time in the spotlight . "  I think they 've  she and the media  exploited each other . Both have benefited . In Jade 's own words , she 's loved the last 7 years . They 've been wonderful . All the people 's she 's met , all the things she 's done . " CNN 's Glen Scanlon and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Jade Goody dies aged 27 after losing her battle with cervical cancer British PM Gordon Brown says he is "  deeply saddened " by Goody 's death British "  Big Brother " star fast-tracked plans to get married after cancer spread Goody said she needed to keep selling her story to raise money for her boys
CNN  -- Two Kenyan aid workers who had been held by the al Qaeda-linked militant group Al-Shabaab since 2011 have been rescued near Somalia 's border with Kenya , the African Union Mission in Somalia said Friday . The rescue was carried out on the outskirts of Dhobley town in Somalia by peacekeepers for the mission , known by the acronym AMISOM , who were working with Somali forces , AMISOM said in a news release . One of the rescued , James Kiarie Gichoi , was working for Care International when he was kidnapped near the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya . The other , Daniel Njuguna Wanyoike , was working as a driver 's helper for a company contracted by the aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres when he was kidnapped in Afmadow , a nearby town in Somalia . Both men were receiving treatment Friday at an AMISOM medical facility in nearby Dhobley , Somalia , and were expected to be repatriated to Nairobi , Kenya . AMISOM forces working with the Somali National Army have mounted an offensive that has liberated 10 towns that were among Al-Shabaab 's strongholds , said AMISOM , the African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia . Al-Shabaab , designated a foreign terrorist organization by the United States , has a relationship with al Qaeda that goes back several years . In 2012 , the two groups effectively merged , said CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , but has launched attacks in other countries as well . In 2010 , Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for two suicide bombings in Kampala , Uganda , amid crowds of soccer fans watching televised screenings of the World Cup final . The bombings left 74 people dead . The group said the attacks were retaliation for Ugandan participation in AMISOM . One AMISOM goal is to support Somali government forces in cracking down on Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab has also mounted many smaller attacks against targets in Kenya , hurling hand grenades into nightclubs , restaurants and schools . The group has also kidnapped tourists and aid workers . The group claimed responsibility for the September siege of the Westgate mall in Nairobi on September 21 that killed at least 67 people . Al-Shabaab said the attack was retaliation for Kenya 's involvement in the African Union effort against the group . In recent months , Al-Shabaab 's haven in south-central Somalia has been increasingly squeezed as Kenyan forces have fought the group from the south and African Union forces come down from Mogadishu , the Somali capital . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report	The two aid workers had been held since 2011 The rescue was carried out by AMISOM peacekeepers working with Somali troops Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state
Russia test-fired a ballistic missile Wednesday , a move that comes amid tensions about a recent NATO announcement that it placed an interim missile defense shield in Europe . The intercontinental missile was launched Wednesday morning from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in northwestern Russia , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . "  The new intercontinental ballistic missile is intended to strengthen the capabilities of Russia 's Strategic Missile Forces , including its capabilities for overcoming anti-missile defenses , " Defense Ministry spokesman Vadim Koval told RIA Novosti . The launch comes days after NATO 's chief said the alliance now has an interim ballistic missile defense capability in Europe . Among the interim capabilities are missile interceptors loaded on a U.S. ship in the Mediterranean , the first of four anticipated warships with the defense system . A defense radar is also operational in Turkey . The interim system will link the allies ' missile defense systems -- satellites , ships , radars and interceptors -- under NATO control from a U.S. base in Ramstein , Germany . NATO has asked Russia to participate in the system , but negotiations have been deadlocked over Russia 's demand for a legally binding treaty guaranteeing the shield would not be used as a deterrent to Moscow 's own systems . Late last year , then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev threatened to withdraw from the START treaty on nuclear weapons reductions and deploy ballistic missiles in its enclave of Kaliningrad on its border with Europe , if NATO moved ahead with the plans for missile defense . Tensions further increased in December , when Russia 's ambassador to NATO suggested that Moscow would close transit routes that send vital supplies to troops in Afghanistan .	The intercontinental missile was launched Wednesday morning The launch comes after NATO says it now has interim ballistic missile defense capability NATO had asked Russia to participate in the system , but negotiations stalled
Detroit  CNN  -- Detroit is a place whose story is often told by the numbers . It was home to 2 million residents at its peak , but now the city is down to roughly 700,000 . And all of those residents live in a 139-square-mile city grappling with millions of dollars in debt that led the city to file for bankruptcy . But 700,000 people still make their home here . There are square miles of the city that are empty , yes . But the rest of Detroit still has to live somewhere . And where they 're living , they 're really living . They 're operating barber shops and beauty salons , they 're working to build Jeep Grand Cherokees and Dodge Durangos at the Jefferson North Assembly Plant , they 're going to see the Detroit City Football Club soccer team play at Cass Technical High School . Beyond the abandoned train station and empty Packard Plant is a city slowly making its way back from the brink . What Detroit will look like in the years to come is anyone 's guess , but it does n't mean things have ground to a halt in the meantime . So what do you do in Detroit ? Know that you have n't left civilization . Relax . You 're in Detroit . It 's a city , an American city . It 's going through a tough time , sure . Detroit 's problems show themselves more than other cities . But assess : Why are you in Detroit ? For business ? For pleasure ? For curiosity ? Regardless of why you 're here , there will be something here you 'll never forget . Welcome , and open your mind . Savor African and African-American art . The great migration out of the rural South that began before World War I coupled with opportunities within the automotive industry made Detroit an enduring stronghold of African-American culture . The city of Detroit is home to one of the largest collectives of black artists , and the Charles H. Wright Museum of African-American History houses one of the world 's best-curated collections of art from the African diaspora . Also consider checking out the African Bead Museum , the Shrine of the Black Madonna bookstore and cultural center and pockets of mostly black-owned boutiques , galleries and eateries on the Avenue of Fashion along the northern portion of Livernois Avenue on the city 's northwest side . Tour Elmwood Cemetery . There are no more calming places anywhere than cemeteries , but Elmwood is special because of the haunting , Gothic monuments among lush , tree-lined paths . The founding fathers of Detroit -- and Michigan -- are buried here . And while you 're on this side of town , head over to Indian Village , the city 's premier historic district that once served as home to some of the area 's wealthiest auto barons where houses still are maintained and occupied by many of the city 's power brokers . Or stop for some coffee at one of the cafes in nearby West Village . Walk Pallister Avenue . Even in a city built around the auto industry , there are hidden gems where your own two feet remain the best mode of transportation . Stroll down the brick-laid , American Foursquare-lined Pallister -- where no cars are allowed . While this residential pedestrian avenue takes you to a quieter , simpler time , it was developed by none other than the workhorses at General Motors . The automaker had its headquarters nearby on West Grand Boulevard and sought to redevelop the area after a slow decline in the 1960s . While the plan did n't quite work out -- GM moved its headquarters downtown in the 1990s -- the residents there have maintained the original vision . And if you 're feeling hungry , stop by New Center Eatery nearby for the best chicken and waffles in town . Get hip to the latest pop-ups . The barrier of entry to entrepreneurship is lower in Detroit , and many budding business owners are taking advantage of the pop-up model to establish themselves . And other local talent finds them . Take The Taco Lady , for one : Wherever Detroit native Erica Class ' traveling stand Two Dollar Tacos pops up , there 's sure to be a good time . Class has connections with nearly all of Detroit 's up-and-coming artists and musicians displaying their talents citywide . Look for @TwoDollarTacos on Twitter . Sample culinary creations beyond the coney dog . Get some Asian Corned Beef . There are plenty of nooks and crannies hiding delicacies unique to Detroit that contribute to the city 's flavor , and these handmade corned beef concoctions wrapped in egg rolls are hidden gems . True to many locally owned joints , Asian Corned Beef has one place on the west side  13660 Wyoming  and one on the east side  2847 E. Seven Mile  . Try our local sport . Football + bowling = Fowling . Got that ? The story behind that portmanteau is this : The proprietor of Fowling Warehouse and his family invented a summer game based on horseshoes , except instead of ringing horseshoes around a metal rod , you knock down bowling pins with a football . Sounds easy enough , but veterans of the Detroit-bred sport know better . All the activity at Fowling Warehouse is spur-of-the-moment , so it 's not uncommon for one-on-one matches to morph into an all-out dodgeball-style tournament with more footballs and pins . They 're in two locations : Sundays at Eastern Market and a new location at a factory -- yes , a factory -- at 3901 Christopher in Hamtramck , a small city surrounded by Detroit . Do n't go urban exploring . Why would you want to go into an abandoned building ? They 're old , they 're dangerous , they 're full of asbestos . The street cred associated with going through these places is long gone . And most Detroiters are offended if that 's the only reason you visit . Lastly , it 's illegal -- and with more police on the streets thanks to donated patrol cars and a shift in internal structure , you 're running a greater risk . If you 'd like to explore a beautiful building , try the Albert Kahn-designed 1928 Fisher Building in New Center , a commercial district north of downtown , or the 1928 Redford Theatre on Lahser Road . Do n't ask stupid questions . Yes , 8 Mile is a real place . No , 8 Mile is n't exactly like the movie "  8 Mile . " Do n't make assumptions , and use the same common sense in Detroit that you would anywhere else . Remember that people are people . Detroiters are not meant to be ogled like exhibits in a museum . They 're not to be talked down to , pitied , shamed or treated with kid gloves . The so-called "  grit , " "  never-say-die spirit " and "  determination " is not unique to Detroiters , either . It 's in all of us , everywhere . Say hello . Smile . Shake hands . Be courteous . Be polite . Be normal . Welcome to Detroit .	Despite a shrinking population , Detroiters are still making their lives in the city African-American art and culture are thriving in Detroit Pop-up restaurants and a unique local sport keep things interesting
CNN  -- By the early 2020s , we will have the means to program our biology away from disease and aging . Up until recently , health and medicine was basically a hit or miss affair . We would discover interventions such as drugs that had benefits , but also many side effects . Until recently , we did not have the means to actually design interventions on computers . All of that has now changed , and will dramatically change clinical practice by the early 2020s . We now have the information code of the genome and are making exponential gains in modeling and simulating the information processes they give rise to . Read more : Le Web , the next ten years We also have new tools that allow us to actually reprogram our biology in the same way that we reprogram our computers . RNA interference , for example , can turn genes off that promote disease and aging . New forms of gene therapy , especially in vitro models that do not trigger the immune system , have the ability to add new genes . Stem cell therapies , including the recently developed method to create "  induced pluripotent cells "  IPCs  by adding four genes to your own skin cells to create the equivalent of an embryonic stem cell but without use of an embryo , are being developed to rejuvenate organs and even grow then from scratch . There are now hundreds of drugs and processes in the pipeline using these methods to modify the course of obesity , heart disease , cancer , and other diseases and aging processes . As one of many examples , we can now fix a broken heart -- not  yet  from romance -- but from a heart attack , by rejuvenating the heart with reprogrammed stem cells . Read more : Could Siri say dump him ? Health and medicine is now an information technology and is therefore subject to what I call the "  law of accelerating returns , " which is a doubling of capability  for the same cost  about each year that applies to any information technology . As a result , technologies to reprogram the "  software " that underlie human biology are already a thousand times more powerful than they were when the genome project was completed in 2003 , and will again be a thousand times more powerful than they are today in a decade , and a million times more powerful in two decades . Clinical applications are now at the cutting edge and will be routine in the early 2020s . By 2030 solar energy will have the capacity to meet all of our energy needs . The production of food and clean water will also be revolutionized . If we could capture one part in ten thousand of the sunlight that falls on the Earth we could meet 100 % of our energy needs , using this renewable and environmentally friendly source . As we apply new molecular scale technologies to solar panels , the cost per watt is coming down rapidly . Already Deutsche Bank , in a recent report , wrote "  The cost of unsubsidized solar power is about the same as the cost of electricity from the grid in India and Italy . By 2014 even more countries will achieve solar ` grid parity . ' " The total number of watts of electricity produced by solar energy is growing exponentially , doubling every two years . It is now less than seven doublings from 100 % . Read more : Can African unlock its solar potential ? Similar approaches will address other resource needs . Once we have inexpensive energy we can readily and inexpensively convert the vast amount of dirty and salinated water we have on the planet to usable water . We are also headed towards another agriculture revolution , from horizontal agriculture to vertical agriculture , where we grow very high quality food in AI controlled buildings . These will recycle all nutrients and end the ecological disaster that constitutes contemporary factory farming . This will include hydroponic plants for fruits and vegetables and in vitro cloning of muscle tissue for meat , that is meat without animals , thereby ending animal suffering . By the early 2020s we will print out a significant fraction of the products we use including clothing as well as replacement organs . 3D printing is getting a lot of attention . There are niche applications such as printing our replacement parts for machinery , but the opportunity to begin replacing significant portions of manufacturing is still about five years away . If we look at the life cycle of technologies we see an early period of over-enthusiasm , then a "  bust " when disillusionment sets in , followed by the real revolution . Remember the Internet boom of the 1990s followed by the Internet bust around the year 2000 ? That was around the time Google was getting started , and now we have multi-hundred billion dollar Internet companies . We 're in the early boom phase of 3D printing enthusiasm and hopefully we 've learned enough to avoid a period of undue disillusionment , but I do see the early 2020s as the golden era of 3D printing . For example , in the early 2020s , you 'll have a choice of many thousands of cool clothing designs that are open source and that can be printed out for pennies a pound . Explore : Is 3D printing the dawn of a revolution ? But that will not mean the end of the fashion industry . Look at other industries that have already been transformed from physical products to digital ones , such as books , movies and music . Despite enormous changes in business models  and the availability of many free open source products  the overall revenues for proprietary forms of these products remains strong . We can already experimentally print out organs by printing a biodegradable scaffolding and then populating it with a patient 's own stem cells , all with a 3D printer . By the early 2020s , this will reach clinical practice . Within five years , search engines will be based on an understanding of natural language . Consider that IBM 's Watson got a higher score on the American television game of Jeopardy than the best two human players combined . Jeopardy is a broad task involving complicated natural language queries which include puns , riddles , jokes and metaphors . For example , Watson got this query correct in the rhyme category : "  A long tiresome speech delivered by a frothy pie topping . " It correctly responded "  What is a meringue harangue . " Read more : I 'm the voice of Siri What is not widely appreciated is that Watson got its knowledge by reading Wikipedia and several other encyclopedias , a total of 200 million pages of natural language documents . I does not read each page as well as you or I . It might read one page and conclude that there is a 56 % chance that Barack Obama is President of the United States . You could read that page , and if you did n't happen to know that ahead of time , conclude that there is a 98 % chance . So you did a better job than Watson at reading that page . But Watson makes up for this relatively weak reading by reading more pages , a lot more , and it can combine its inferences across everything it has read and conclude that there is a 99.9 % chance that Obama is president . At Google , we are creating a system that will read every document on the web and every book for meaning and provide a rich search and question answering experience based on the true meaning of natural language . For example , it will engage you in dialogue to clarify questions and discuss answers that are ambiguous or complex . By the early 2020s we will be routinely working and playing with each other in full immersion visual-auditory virtual environments . By the 2030s , we will add the tactile sense to full immersion virtual reality . The telephone is virtual reality in that you can meet with someone as if you are together , at least for the auditory sense . We 've now added the visual sense with video conferencing -- although not yet 3D and full immersion . The visual sense will become full immersion over the next decade . We 'll also be able to augment real reality so that I could see you sitting on the coach in my living room and you could see me sitting on your back porch , even though we 're hundreds of miles apart . Your augmented reality glasses will also be able to make suggestions to you for an interesting joke or anecdote that you could slip into a conversation you 're having . There will be limited ways of adding the tactile sense to virtual and augmented reality by the early 2020s , but full immersion virtual tactile experiences will require tapping directly into the nervous system . We 'll be able to do that in the 2030s with nanobots traveling noninvasively into the brain through the capillaries and augmenting the signals coming from our real senses . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ray Kurzweil	Ray Kurzweil , acclaimed futurist and inventor , says we can program ourselves away from disease and aging Kurzweil also believes we will be able to satisfy all our energy needs by solar power by 2030 We will also be printing a significant amount of the goods we use and wear , and replacement organs Work and play will become a fully immersive experience by the 2030s , Kurzweil says
CNN  -- Red Cross President and CEO Mark W. Everson has stepped down after revelations he was "  engaged in a personal relationship with a subordinate employee , " the organization announced Tuesday . Mark W. Everson says he is leaving his post , effective immediately , for "  personal and family reasons . " The Red Cross Board of Governors asked for and received Everson 's resignation after it "  concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr. Everson 's part and diminished his ability to lead the organization in the future , " the Red Cross said in a statement on its Web site . Everson , 53 , said in a written statement that he was leaving the $ 500,000-per-year job "  for personal and family reasons , and deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue in a job so recently undertaken . " Everson -- who is married and has two children -- joined the Red Cross as president and CEO last May . The organization became aware of Everson 's relationship with a female Red Cross employee 10 days ago , Chief Public Affairs Officer Suzy C. DeFrancis told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I think the board acted very quickly , " she said , adding that the woman remains in her job . About Everson , DeFrancis said , "  We 're grateful for his service . " The board of governors on Tuesday appointed Mary S. Elcano , general counsel and five-year Red Cross employee , as interim president and CEO . Everson had worked in the Bush administration from August 2001 -- including serving as commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service -- until he was hired by the Red Cross . "  This is flabbergasting , that 's all I can say . It 's completely contrary to his public persona that he evidenced while he was at the IRS , " said Suzanne Ross McDowell , a Washington-based attorney who served on an advisory committee to the IRS division that deals with tax-exempt organizations . "  From the standpoint of exempt organizations on the non-profit sector , it 's just another news story that we would rather not see , " she said . "  It 's got nothing to do with the Red Cross , " said Ira Milstein , a New York lawyer specializing in corporate governance who has worked with the organization and was impressed with Everson . "  He was a team player and a good leader . To have him fall off a cliff like this is just sad . " A search committee has been formed to begin the process of finding Everson 's permanent replacement , the organization said . The job has been a challenging one . Marsha J. Evans resigned as president in 2005 , after the Red Cross response to Hurricane Katrina came under fire . Four years earlier , Bernadine Healy quit the post after the organization was criticized for mishandling donations intended for victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks and collecting vast quantities of blood that was not needed and ultimately thrown out . Healy told reporters she "  had no choice " about her resignation . Meanwhile , DeFrancis acknowledged Tuesday that , 14 years after a court ordered the agency to improve its collection of blood , it has yet to meet federal safety and quality-control requirements . E-mail to a friend	Red Cross says it became aware of the relationship 10 days ago Relationship allegedly involves a subordinate female Red Cross employee Board "  concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr. Everson 's part " Everson : I "  deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue "
CNN  -- People outraged by recent news of the National Security Agency 's collection of phone records and Internet monitoring are taking action online . Mozilla , maker of the open-source Firefox browser , is leading a group of organizations in a campaign called StopWatchingUs , where people can sign a letter that will be presented to Congress . So far it has over 66,000 signatures . There are multiple petitions on the official White House petition site , including one to pardon Edward Snowden , the NSA contractor who leaked the documents , which has almost 63,000 signatures .  As of Wednesday afternoon , Snowden had not been criminally charged . Another petition seeks to impeach a federal judge for "  authorizing warrantless NSA surveillance of millions of Americans ' phone records . " It has just over 5,000 signatures . A petition needs 150 signatures to get on the site , and the White House says it will respond to any petition that gathers more than 100,000 signatures in 30 days .  The limit was first set to 5,000 signatures , but that number turned out to be too low and many silly petitions met the limit easily . An online petition from the Progressive Change Campaign Committee PAC asking Congress to "  investigate spying on our phone calls " has nearly 100,000 signatures . The Electronic Frontier Foundation has a predrafted letter that people can automatically e-mail to their representatives . Change.org , a for-profit site that hosts petitions on a huge variety of issues , also has a number of NSA-related petitions . The Internet companies at the center of the NSA debate are also going into action . On Tuesday , Google 's legal team sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder and FBI Director Robert Mueller asking for permission to publish the number of national security requests it receives . Facebook and Yahoo followed suit with similar letters . Online political activity has been called "  clicktivism , " or the more dismissive "  slacktivism , " in the past . Registering outrage or supporting a cause by filling out a form online or changing a Facebook profile photo takes less effort than showing up in person to a protest , volunteering at a charity , or even calling or sending an e-mail directly to a representative . But a 2011 study by the Center for Social Impact Communication at Georgetown University found that people who were taking to social media for political action were just as likely to donate money as people who did n't , and more likely to volunteer or take part in real-world actions like rallies . Nationwide physical protests are being organized on Reddit and Twitter for the Fourth of July . The "  Restore the Fourth " rallies will focus on perceived Fourth Amendment violations . Last year , online activism proved itself with a big real-world win . To protest the Stop Online Piracy Act , people and companies across the Internet came together and signed online petitions , changed avatars , and e-mailed representatives . The big moment came when Wikipedia and other sites went dark and Google censored its logo , adding a link to an online petition that went on to gather more than 4.5 million signatures . "  We need to rekindle that energy more than ever so our elected officials take the necessary actions to illuminate how current surveillance policies are being implemented , " Mozilla 's Alex Fowler said in a statement announcing StopWatching.Us .	People protesting recent NSA news are taking action online Internet petitions on the White House site and other locations are gathering signatures The activists are inspired by last year 's successful anti-SOPA protests online Some real-life rallies are being planned for July 4
HOBART , Australia -- Sri Lankan batsman Kumar Sangakkara received lavish praise from Australian captain Ricky Ponting and an apology from umpire Rudi Koertzen after his side 's 96-run defeat in the second test at Hobart . Sangakkara trudges off in disbelief after being given out for 192 . With the Sri Lankans chasing a formidable target of 507 for a win to square the two-test series , Sangakkara kept them afloat with a magnificent 192 . But , with his seventh test double hundred in sight , Sangakkara was given out caught by Ponting off Stuart Clark . Television replays suggested that the ball had in fact deflected off the batsman 's shoulder . Sri Lankan captain Mahela Jayawardene said Koertzen had apologized to Sangakkara for giving him out . "  Rudi came and said sorry to him . But that 's it . Kumar being Kumar was fine with it , " Jayawardene said . "  He was very disappointed at the particular moment but when you sit back after half an hour , you know it 's a mistake made by a human and that 's it . " Sangakkara went onto the field after the fall of the last wicket and put his arm around Koertzen 's shoulder . The 30-year-old right-handed Sangakkara 's innings was the highest by a Sri lankan in Australia , surpassing Aravinda de Silva 's 167 in Brisbane in 1989 . He faced 282 balls and hit 28 boundaries and a six in his 431-minute vigil at the crease . Jayawardene said : "  Kumar 's innings was fantastic . One of the best I 've seen . He batted the plan we had for him after he got his hundred yesterday , to bat through the day today while the other guys rotate around him so that we can challenge the 500-run total . "  Unfortunately , the other guys could n't do it . But Kumar batted exceptionally well . The way he handled the situation was brilliant . "  I was very disappointed the way we got out . He 's very upset about it , but that 's how the game goes I guess . " Ponting , who led Australia to their 14th consecutive test win , was also full of praise for Sangakkara . "  He played beautifully today . I thought the way he struck the ball from about 120 onwards was some of the best hitting that you 'll probably ever see with his back to the wall and running out of partners . "  It was a terrific knock . He 's obviously been in great form lately . I read in the paper this morning that 's six hundreds in his last 12 innings so he 's in some good touch . "  He 's a very , very good player , he 's one of the best Test batsmen going around . " Sangakkara has now scored 5,741 runs in 68 Tests at an average of 55.73 . Sri Lanka 's hopes dipped with the loss of three wickets for seven runs early in the day but they still reached 410 . Brett Lee gained the big breakthrough with the wicket of the experienced Sanath Jayasuriya 20 minutes into the day and his four for 87 gave him eight wickets for the match , 16 for the series , the man-of-the-match title and the player-of-the-series award . E-mail to a friend	Kumar Sangakkara makes 192 as Sri Lanka lose the second test in Hobart Sri Lanka , chasing 507 to win , are dismissed for 410 by Australia Brett Lee takes four for 87 and is named player of the series
A Russian space rocket launch went sour Friday , destroying the booster and its payload , Russian state media said . Nine minutes after the Proton-M rocket lifted off in Baikonur , Kazakhstan , on Friday , officials on the ground lost contact with the it , ITAR-Tass reported , citing an official from Russia 's Federal Space Agency . The rocket had veered off path , causing an emergency system to cut off propulsion . The rocket , which was carrying a communications satellite into orbit , was about 100 miles high into its ascent at the time and burned up in the atmosphere , the agency reported . But the agency also said that part of the rocket could be in a "  non-intended orbit " and small pieces could fall down to Earth . Friday 's mishap marks the second time a Proton rocket has destructed after liftoff within a year and is one in a series of failures . In July , an unmanned Proton rocket exploded after liftoff over Kazakhstan . In 2010 , another Proton-M rocket carrying three satellites crashed in the Pacific Ocean . And in 1999 , a Proton rocket exploded six minutes after liftoff , destroying the rocket and its payload . The Russian Federation is known for its active space program ; it carried out more than 30 space launches last year , according to a Russian media report . It was a Russian Proton rocket that placed the first piece of the International Space Station , the Zarya module , into orbit in 1998 .	The rocket had veered off path , causing an emergency system to cut off propulsion It was carrying a communications satellite into orbit and was about 100 miles high It burned up in the atmosphere , but some small fragments could fall to Earth
CNN  -- After following a cyber trail stemming from an ongoing investigation into possession of child pornography , federal officials in New Jersey said Thursday they now have custody of a Ukrainian man they believe is behind one of the largest international child porn distribution rings . The probe , which has led to the conviction of more than 560 Americans in 47 states , also brought about the arrest of Maksym Shynkarenko , 33 , who is charged with founding and operating a website touting thousands of hardcore sexually explicit images and videos of boys and girls ranging from infants to teenagers , according to Rebekah Carmichael of the U.S. attorney 's office in New Jersey . 18 rescued in child pornography raids , feds say Shynkarenko has been slapped with numerous child exploitation charges , including conspiracy , transportation and shipment of child porn , advertising child porn , money laundering , and engaging in a child exploitation enterprise , according to a 32-count indictment . He pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday in the district court of New Jersey , according to court documents . "  This case itself is the one of the largest we have ever seen . In terms of significance it 's enormous , " said Andrew McLees , special agent in charge of Immigration and Customs Enforcement 's Homeland Security Investigations unit in Newark . "  This case is representative of the epidemic of this problem throughout the country and the globe . " He said the actions Shynkarenko is accused of "  created a market for exploitation , a market that will lead to more children being victimized . " Carmichael told CNN that Shynkarenko allegedly operated out of Ukraine but used servers all over the world , including in the United States , to house and disseminate the lewd images and videos . Shynkarenko , who is believed to have co-conspirators , according to Carmichael , was first arrested in January of 2009 in Thailand and had been fighting extradition to the United States until he was brought to Newark this past weekend . Special agents first uncovered the child pornography hub in 2005 through e-mails recovered from a New Jersey individual , one of the hundreds of people convicted of child-porn-related charges . According to a news release from the U.S. attorney 's office , an undercover immigrations agent who subscribed to the site , dubbed "  Illegal.CP , " received a disclaimer that warned of the websites ' illegality , and encouraged users to claim their credit card information was stolen if questioned by police . U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman called bringing in Shynkarenko a milestone in an important fight against sexual predators . "  Distributors and consumers of child pornography create a market for sexual assaults on children , where the victimization of those children is refreshed with every download , " Fishman said in the news release . If convicted , Shynkarenko could be sentenced to life in prison . Former FBI agent charged with child porn distribution	Maksym Shynkarenko , 33 , is charged with founding and operating a child porn website Federal prosecutors believe Shynkarenko used servers all over the world He was arrested in 2009 in Thailand and had been fighting extradition to the United States He pleads not guilty to all charges in a 32-count indictment
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- More than a dozen trucks loaded with fruits , spices and other goods Tuesday crossed the line dividing Kashmir as India and Pakistan opened a symbolic trade route in the disputed region for the first time in more than 60 years . Kashmiris watch as Indian trucks cross into the border town of Chakothi in Pakistani-administered Kashmir . To cheers and band music , the first trucks rumbled from the Pakistani side across a white bridge to a brightly decorated trade center festooned . Apple-laden Indian trucks heading the other way were also warmly welcomed . It is hoped the move will ease tensions in the troubled Himalayan region , which has been a conflict flashpoint between nuclear-armed neighbors India and Pakistan who both lay claims to the territory . "  Today , we have regained our lost market , " said Ghulam Rasool Bhat , president of the Kashmir fruit growers ' association . Watch more about the historic day " "  We are sending the sweet Kashmir apple as the first consignment . This is sure to sweeten the relation between the two neighbors . The beginning of the trade between the two Kashmirs will further improve the relations and lead to a peaceful resolution of the bitter problem , " he said . The trucks were subjected to thorough security checks before they crossed the bridge , one of the few crossing points in the heavily militarized 742-kilometer  460-mile  Line of Control , the de facto frontier that divides the region . Kashmir has been a major source of dispute between India , and Pakistan since the two countries were partitioned at the end of British rule in 1947 . Muslim Kashmiris sided with Pakistan to the north , while the Hindu south joined India . For the past 18 years , Kashmir has been wracked by a bloody separatist campaign . Authorities say up to 43,000 people have died , but rights groups and non-governmental organizations put the death toll at twice that . Violence had dropped off since the countries began a peace process in 2004 , but it surged after the state government in Indian-controlled Kashmir announced plans in June to donate land for a Hindu shrine . Muslim protests following the decision prompted a government U-turn that triggered Hindu demonstrations calling for it to be restored . Subsequent violence left 40 dead and hundreds wounded . It is hoped Tuesday 's route opening will bolster the peace agreement and combat lingering mistrust between India and Pakistan . A bilateral cease-fire has been holding in the region for more than four years . A bus service connecting the divided Kashmir began amid much fanfare in 2005 but struggled under the weight of elaborate security checks and stifling bureaucracy . "  This is a great emotional moment , as it brings to mind my grandfather , who used to drive lorries on this road , " said Muzhar Hussain Naqvi , who drove the leading Pakistani truck . CNN 's Sara Sidner and Mukhtar Ahmad contributed to this report	Trade route between the two sides the first in six decades A heavy military presence occupies strip of land known as the Line of Control Kashmir a source of bitter dispute between India and Pakistan since 1947 Trade meant to bolster a 2004 peace accord between the South Asian rivals
Washington  CNN  Bill Clinton has had a number of glory days since he played church league basketball in Arkansas . But in an interview on Thursday , the former president reminisced about the unexpected high point in his athletic life . Clinton called into the Mike & Mike show on ESPN Radio to talk about Humana Challenge PGA Tour event this weekend in California . The event is partly run by the Clinton Foundation and coincides with a Clinton foundation summit on personal health . But the hosts , Mike Greenberg and Mike Golic , got the former president to talk about that time he "  almost " dunked a basketball in a church league game . "  I was in a church league . I was n't very good , I was too heavy . But I would run pretty well in short distances , " Clinton said . "  One night I was the leading scorer on our team . I scored 16 points in a church league game , never have before or since . " He then added , "  And I nearly dunked a ball ! And I was only , at the time , six feet tall . I do n't know what happened . It was just one of those magical nights . My hand got like right at the rim and I almost got the ball dunked in . I figured maybe every human being on earth is granted one good day in a sports game . " Clinton has long been an avid sports fan and has remarked in the past that he watched more games while his wife , Hillary Clinton , was traveling for work as secretary of state . While in the White House , Clinton also had the opportunity -- as all presidents do -- to congratulate and meet championship teams from the major U.S. sports leagues , something , he said , he "  really , really enjoyed . " "  I had incredible encounters with some of the athletes that would say hilarious things to me , " Clinton said remembering those meetings . "  One football team , and I wo n't say with one , one of their greatest defensive players through his massive arm around me and he said , ' I may be the only person here who voted for you . ' I loved it . " Clinton was also an avid golfer in the White House and recently took to defending President Barack Obama against heat he occasionally takes for golfing . The former president said the most star struck he was on the course was when he played two rounds with Jack Nicklaus , a legendary golfer with 18 career major wins . "  We played this one par 5 hole , " Clinton remembered . "  And I out drove Jack Nicklaus by a foot . He looks at me and I could tell he did n't like it . " He continued : "  We were both on this par 5 hole in 2 -LSB- shots -RSB- and I was only eight feet away from an eagle . I had never had an eagle on a par 5 hole . Ever . And I literally stubbed the putt . It was the worst put you could have imagined . Jack Nicholas looked at me and said , ` You did n't think you were worthy of an eagle , did you ? ' I said , ' I guess not . ' He smiled and he said , ` You need to get over that . ' I 'll never forget that for as long as I live . "	Bill Clinton reminisced about when he scored 16 points in church league basketball and "  almost " dunked the ball "  It was just one of those magical nights , " he said , "  My hand got like right at the rim and I almost got the ball dunked in . " Clinton also spoke about how he got star struck while golfing with Jack Nicklaus and had funny encounters with championship teams at the White House
In a decision many might consider a blow to freedom of dissent in Egypt , one of the nation 's most popular comedians , Bassem Youssef , announced on Monday his political satirical show will no longer air on Egyptian TV . Youssef did n't offer a detailed explanation for his decision but suggested outside pressure and a fear for his safety were factors . "  I 'm tired of struggling and worrying about my safety and that of my family , " Youssuf said at a news conference inside a Cairo theater where he performed his weekly show . Youssef shot to fame during Egypt 's 2011 revolution when he mocked former Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak on his homemade political satire show -- shot in his laundry room and posted on YouTube . His show "  El Barnameg " -- "  The Program " in Arabic -- drew more than 5 million viewers in three months . One year later later , Youssef had his own show on Egyptian TV where he derided Mubarak 's replacement , Islamist President Mohamed Morsy . By then , Youssef had gained worldwide recognition and was regularly compared to American political comedian Jon Stewart . In April 2013 , Time magazine named Youssef one of its 100 Most Influential Men in the World . Several months later , Egyptian broadcaster CBC pulled the plug on Youssef when he poked fun at the almost cult-like adoration of Abdel Fattah el-Sisi -- the former Army chief who is now Egypt 's President - elect . Youssef made a comeback in February when Saudi-owned Egyptian broadcaster MBC began airing his show . Once again , he drew huge ratings and laughs with carefully crafted back-handed jokes aimed at the army chief . Youssef 's return was cut short before Egypt 's presidential election campaign last month when MBC announced the show would be on hiatus so that "  Egyptian voters ' orientation and public opinion wo n't be influenced . " But the show never returned to air as scheduled on May 30 . The end of Youssef 's show will likely fuel concern among international rights groups and pro-democracy activists who have increasingly accused Egyptian authorities of stifling dissent and freedom of speech . "  In a nutshell , we 've gone as far as we can , " Youssef said . "  We are tired of moving from one network to another network and being under emotional pressure . " Bassem Youssef : ` Sarcasm is a weapon '	Bassem Youssef : "  I 'm tired of ... worrying about my safety and that of my family , " He shot to fame during the 2011 revolution when he mocked Hosni Mubarak He 's gone on to satirically poke at other Egyptian leaders
CNN  -- Tour de France legend Laurent Fignon has died from cancer in a Paris hospital aged just 50 . Fignon won the Tour in 1983 and 1984 but was perhaps most famous for the 1989 contest , when he was beaten by Greg Lemond by only eight seconds -- the smallest winning margin in the history of the race . The Frenchman actually held the lead going into the final stage time-trial into Paris , but he let his advantage slip to allow American Lemond to snatch victory in the most dramatic finish ever seen . As well as his two Tour victories , Fignon won nine stages and held the leader 's yellow jersey for 22 days . His other big race successes included two wins in the Milan-San Remo one-day classic and two stage wins in both the Giro d'Italia and Vuelta Espana . Fignon was a colorful character on and off the bike , famous for his flowing blond hair and glasses , and was also regarded as an anti-establishment figure . In his autobiography , "  We Were Young and Carefree " , Fignon admitted taking amphetamines and cortisone during his career but did not establish a direct link with his cancer . "  In those days everyone was doing it , " he explained in his book . "  But it is impossible to know to what extent doping harms you . "  Whether those who lived through 1998 , when a lot of extreme things happened , will get cancer after 10 or 20 years , I really ca n't say . " Meanwhile , tributes for Fignon have poured in from the world of cycling . Defending Tour de France champion Alberto Contador led the tributes on his Twitter page , saying : "  Today we lost a great champion , Laurent Fignon , after a hard struggle . It was a privilege to share some time with him in Paris . Rest in peace . Lance Armstrong , who himself battled cancer before becoming the greatest Tour de France champion of all time , said on his official website : "  I awoke today to the terrible news that my dear friend and legendary cyclist Laurent Fignon has passed away . "  I will never forget the early 90 's when I first turned pro , of course terrified of the older guys . Laurent was always a friendly face with words of advice . He was a special man to me , to cycling , and to all of France . Laurent , we will all miss you . " And fellow-American Lemond , whose name will always be linked with Fignon after their epic 1989 duel , echoed those sentiments . "  I will miss Laurent Fignon as a great person and competitor . A truly sad day for everyone whose lives he touched . " In later life , Fignon became a consultant for French television and commentated on the Tour de France in 2009 and 2010 despite the treatment he was receiving .	Tour de France legend Laurent Fignon has died from cancer in a Paris hospital The 50-year-old won the Tour de France twice in the 1980s and was second in 1989 Fignon lost the 1989 Tour to Greg Lemond by eight seconds , the smallest-margin ever
CNN  -- "  The Computer " has done his calculations . The Formula One world championship will not be decided by speed in 2014 but by the team who can produce the most reliable car , according to F1 legend Niki Lauda . "  Who will have the least failures this year will be world champion , " Lauda said in an interview with his former team Ferrari . The Austrian , who won two of his three world titles with the Prancing Horse , was speaking on the eve of the launch of the team 's new car for the 2014 season . Ferrari , like all F1 teams have had to completely transform their cars for the forthcoming season to comply with a raft of new technical regulations . The biggest has been a change from 2.4-liter V8 engines to leaner 1.6-liter V6 turbo-powered engines . Read more : F1 rips up the rulebook Lauda described the task as "  enormous , " but said the biggest challenge was installing it in the car in a way that would ensure overall reliability . With a leaner engine comes a smaller fuel tank which can carry 100 kilos instead of 140 , Lauda points out , with an added test of relying on five engines throughout a season instead of eight . The 64-year-old , now a non-executive president with Mercedes F1 , was dubbed the "  The Computer " on account of his cool , calculating approach to driving during the 1970s and 1980s . Read more : ` Rush ' relives death or glory days With the new season kicking off in Melbourne in mid-March , Ferrari and other teams will be launching their new cars over the coming days . Ferrari follow the McLaren team who unveiled their new MP4-29 on Friday . Now that all the major engineering work is complete , it 's now almost time for the drivers to take their first spin in their new cars . "  It 's very exciting , especially for the drivers . The people working on it know what is coming up but for the heart and the emotion this is a very important day to show the car , " Lauda said . "  The next important day , the more important day is the test in Jerez . When you sit the first time in the car you get the first impression and this is the most important . " The first testing session , which starts on January 28 , will also see Mercedes and Red Bull unveil the cars which they hope will speed them to glory in 2014 . Watch : Can Caterham secure first points in 2014 ?	Former Ferrari world champion says speed will be second to reliability in 2014 Lauda travels to Italy ahead of F1 team 's launch of their new car F1 bosses have introduced a raft of technical changes for the forthcoming season Changes include new leaner 1.6 Turbo engines and smaller fuel tanks
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Do you know your "  futtock " from your "  baggywrinkle ? " A sailor stands on the "  widow-maker " -- or bowsprit of his yacht . Do n't be concerned if you do n't , as they are both relatively obscure terms used in sailing . It is a sport littered with odd words and phrases and MainSail has put together a list of 10 of the weirdest below . They are bound to raise a smile and will certainly make you more knowledgeable on the water -- who knows , you could even impress friends and colleagues with your mastery of obscure nautical terminology . Scuttlebutt The scuttlebutt is a cask on a ship containing the vessel 's drinking water . It was named this as the container was traditionally a small barrel , the so-called "  butt , " which had been "  scuttled " -- had a hole made in it -- so water could be accessed . As sailors would often gather around the scuttlebutt to chat , the word has also taken on a slang meaning of rumor or gossip . Rollocks A commonly used spelling for "  rowlocks . " These are the spaces cut into the vessel or small clasps raised up from the side of smaller boats that are used to rest oars when the boat is under paddle . Are there any other nautical words you 'd like to add ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . Poop deck A poop deck is a deck at the rear of a ship , generally formed by the roof of a cabin . If a wave washes over this deck from behind the vessel , it is said to be "  pooped . " Widow-maker This is a colloquial term for a boat 's bowsprit -- the long pole , or "  spar , " extending from the bow used by sailors to tend to sails . The treacherous bowsprit earned its name and reputation from of the number of sailors who have lost their lives falling from the it . Baggywrinkle This strange-sounding gem is simply a soft covering for ropes aboard yachts that prevent chafing of the sails . Where ropes and lines come into contact with sails there is serious potential for damage to the sail due to the abrasive nature of most rigging . Mainsheet The mainsheet is a rope or line attached to the boom that allows the sailor to control the speed of a boat by adjusting the main sail . Bilge The bilge is the lowest part of the interior of a ship . It marks the spot at the inside-bottom of the hull , below any floorboards , and it sits below the water-line . Futtock Futtocks are the curved timbers used to form the interior ribs on the hulls of wooden ships . Cat-head The cat-head is a large wooden beam that extends from vessels at a 45 degree angle and is used to assist in raising and lowering the anchor . Many cat-heads have had the faces of lions or other large cats carved into them -- however , it 's not known if this gave the cat-head its name , or came as a result of the name . Escutcheon The place on the stern of a ship where the boat 's name is written is known as the escutcheon .	MainSail lists ten of the strangest and most humorous nautical words Sailing and marine sports full of obscure terms and phrases Terms include "  baggywrinkle , " "  poop deck " and "  futtock "
