CNN  -- I 've just been watching the trailer for "  Black Jesus , " a show that will premiere on August 7 on the Cartoon Network during its child-unfriendly late-night spot , which they call Adult Swim . Already at least one Christian group has begun to lobby the network to cancel the show , regarding its contents as blasphemous .  Cartoon Network is owned by Turner Broadcasting , which owns CNN . From what I can tell , the series is a bit of a spoof , with some foul language . The general notion seems clever : A guy who thinks he is Jesus , who might even be Jesus , lives in a poor neighborhood of Compton , California . He 's got a ragged band of followers -- they look like winos and potheads -- who follow him around with lots of bantering . The scenes shown in the trailer seem relatively funny , and it appears that nobody is quite sure whether this is a madman who thinks he is Jesus or maybe the Lord himself come back in a strange outfit and , indeed , black skin . Is this offensive ? The jury will have to be out until we see whole episodes , but in conceptâ $ " particularly if the rest of the show is like the trailerâ $ " it does not seem so . Let me explain . First , let 's look at the criticism : "  Adult Swim is not ridiculing any other religion and would n't dream of mocking Mohammed or Muslims , but has no problem denigrating Christians " the conservative Christian group American Family Association writes on its website . It 's certainly a good point . People feel free to mock Christianity and Jesus , but they hesitate to mock Mohammed . This is likely because some Islamic fundamentalist groups can be more than touchy and sometimes dangerous . I generally do n't think one should attack Mohammed , as it obviously offends large groups of sincere followers , and there are some extremists ready to kill to make their point . It was , however , truly horrific to see what happened to Salman Rushdie in 1989 when the Ayatollah Khomeini of Iran issued a fatwa ordering Muslims to kill Rushdie , as he had written what the Ayatollah considered a blasphemous novel , "  The Satanic Verses . " I admire Rushdie immensely , as a writer and person , and I would argue that he had every right to publish "  The Satanic Verses , " at least in Western countries . In the context of his book , a work of literature , he was clearly being satirical , and if satire goes , the whole shebang -- meaning literate and moral culture -- vanishes with it . Satire is one of the essential ways that human beings have for looking at themselves and laughing , seeing themselves in a larger context . As someone once said , tragedy is a short-term view of things ; comedy is the long view . But is "  Black Jesus " appropriate satire , and does it do anything to harm Christianity ? As a Christian myself , I like the idea of seeing Jesus return in various guises , skin colors , outfits and social contexts . Why not ? The Jesus I know and love was something of a party animal . His first miracle was to turn water into wine at a wedding : and lots of wine was apparently drunk . At the Last Supper , in keeping with Jewish tradition  if you regard this as a Passover feast or seder  , everybody was obliged to drink four glasses of wine . In Luke 5:27 -32 the Pharisees condemn Jesus and his friends for eating and drinking with "  publicans and sinners . " In Matthew 11:18 -19 , we read that Jesus is accused of being "  a drunken and a glutton , a friend of tax collectors and sinners . " On and on , the image of Jesus and his band , which includes a fair number of women -- including Mary Magdalene , Joanna and Susanna  see Luke 8:2 -3  -- seems one of a merry-making group , not a pious and bedraggled or depressed conclave . Jesus met with whores and bartenders  publicans  and all sorts of marginal folks . It 's not unreasonable to think that , if he should return today , he would socialize as well with bums and pot-growers and winos , even someone from the IRS . He would associate with anyone who would lend an ear , spreading his good news , which to Christians is the joy of the coming kingdom , the joy of giving one 's time and treasure to those in need , the pleasure of becoming God 's hands in the world . This was what Jesus did . Christians should understand that following Jesus means acting in the world in ways that improve it . Matthew tells us in 7:16 : "  By their fruits ye shall know them . " I 'm sure the message of Jesus can survive "  Black Jesus . " And I look forward to many other versions of Jesus , in many settings . He would always speak in the lingo of the neighborhood , even if to some ears this might sound "  foul-mouthed . " He would show irreverence of a sort , great joy , and a passion for justice . His sense of humor would take on many forms , as it did during his life . He would spread the gospel in whatever language and manner the context required .	Jay Parini : Trailer for new TV show "  Black Jesus " drawing ire of conservative Christian group It shows guy who lives in California , says he 's Jesus , is black , consorts with rough sorts Parini : Criticism seems misplaced ; Jesus ' image as man-of-people runs through Bible Parini : Jesus I know , love was something of a party animal . He can survive "  Black Jesus "
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- The younger son of political activist Aung San Suu Kyi arrived in Myanmar on Tuesday for a long-awaited visit with his mother , from whom he 'd been separated for a decade . Kim Aris arrived about 7:30 a.m. Tuesday at the international airport in Yangon , the former national capital , which also is known as Rangoon . Myanmar air force security officials escorted Aris , speeding his arrival without going through standard immigration . Suu Kyi , also escorted by security officials , was quickly able to greet her son . About 100 of her supporters were on hand for Aris 's arrival from Bangkok , Thailand , where he had waited for weeks in limbo for a Myanmar visa . Mother and son left the airport together , bound for her home . It was not immediately clear how long Aris planned to stay in Myanmar . Aris last saw his Nobel Peace Laureate mother in 2000 , when he spent about two weeks with her , according to one of her attorneys . Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13 , after spending most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison . Myanmar 's military regime freed her days after holding the country 's first elections in two decades , which critics worldwide dismissed as a sham . The junta 's party declared a landslide victory . Suu Kyi and her National League for Democracy party boycotted the November 7 elections , faulting the military junta . The regime had enacted a new law that forced the NLD to choose between honoring Suu Kyi as its leader and risking the party being declared illegal , or ejecting Suu Kyi from the party and contesting the elections . The NLD won a landslide election victory in 1990 , but the military junta rejected the results . This year , the generals refused to allow international monitors to oversee its elections and overhauled Myanmar 's constitution in a way critics say is aimed at tightening the regime 's grip . The constitution now requires more than 100 military nominees in parliament . Myanmar , also known as Burma , has been under military rule since 1962 . The daughter of Gen. Aung San , a hero of Burmese independence , Suu Kyi has repeatedly challenged Myanmar 's regime over the years . For her efforts , she won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 .	They 'd been separated for a decade Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13 The political activist has spent most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison The son had waited in Bangkok , in limbo for weeks , for a Myanmar visa
CNN  -- Ghana 's election commission announced Sunday night that the West African nation 's president won re-election , though the main opposition party says it has "  credible evidence " the results were manipulated . In a statement streamed live on the Internet , Electoral Commission Chairman Kwadwo Afari-Gyan declared "  John Dramani Mahama president-elect " after securing 50.7 % of the vote . Nana Akufo-Addo , the candidate for the New Patriotic Party  NPP  , garnered 47.7 % of the vote , according to the commission . "  We must celebrate together as Ghanaians and refrain from anything that will derail the peace and unity we have enjoyed over the years , " Mahama told supporters after the result was announced . But reiterating claims made earlier that the vote had been "  manipulated , " the New Patriotic Party issued a statement it has "  credible evidence  that  undermines the integrity of the electoral process and the results . " "  Substantial discrepancies have been discovered from results from coalition centers when compared with the official tally , " the party said on its website . "  Considering the closeness of the polls , this error is very significant and goes to the heart of the credibility of the results . " Ghanaians voted Friday and Saturday for a president and 275 parliamentary seats . According to the government 's website , nearly 11 million citizens -- or about 80 % of registered voters -- participated . Mahama is a member of the National Democratic Congress  NDC  . Preliminary results reported by Ghanaian news outlets indicated Mahama was narrowly leading Akufo-Addo , the son of a former president . That contradicted what NPP General Secretary Kwadwo Owusu Afriyie had said Saturday night , when he claimed Akufo-Addo had won the presidency with 51 % of the vote . The discrepancy prompted hundreds of NPP supporters to hit the streets Sunday to protest what their leaders describe as election fraud . Dressed in party T-shirts , they marched to the nation 's Electoral Commission office chanting , "  We want peace , " according to the state-run Ghana News Agency . "  The results have been manipulated on so many levels , " party spokesman Yaw Buaben Asamoa said . Jake Obetsebi-Lamptey , the NPP 's chairman , had called -- without success -- for Sunday 's official announcement of results from the election commission to put off until "  all the allegations have been investigated . " He said tens of thousands of votes were added to Mahama 's tally "  following collusion " between National Democratic Congress and election officials , Ghana News Agency reported . The NPP has asked Ghana 's electoral commission to recount the vote and conduct an audit of voting machines "  to help establish the credibility and accuracy of this year 's presidential election . "  This in my view would assist considerably to allay public anxiety , which is growing hour by hour and due to the announcements being made in the Ghanaian media , " Obetsebi-Lamptey wrote in a letter released by the party . "  It would also obviate any legal and protracted judicial proceedings on the issues and permit the resolutions of our concerns promptly , to enable due declaration to be made . " NDC General Secretary Johnson Asiedu Nketia told reporters his party was not yet responding to the NPP claims , expressing faith well before Sunday night 's announcement by Ghana 's election commission that Mahama was "  moving towards victory . " Unlike its neighbors , Ghana has held successful elections and power transfers since 1992 without descending into bloody chaos . The electoral commission initially said it expected to declare the winner within 72 hours after polls closed Friday . Passions are running high , and the president urged candidates to ensure that their supporters avoid incitement . "  Ghana has organized five previous successful elections , and there should not be any reason why this year 's election should not be successful , " Mahama said in a statement . Voting was extended into Saturday in areas where election materials arrived late or glitches with a new biometric identification system caused delays . Observers from the Economic Community of West African States noted some discrepancies and problems with voting procedures but described the vote as "  generally peaceful and transparent . " Ghana is one of Africa 's fastest-growing economies . It is the world 's second-largest cocoa producer , after Ivory Coast , and the continent 's second biggest gold miner , after South Africa , according to the United Nations . But critics say that despite the rich resources that bring billions of dollars annually , the wealth is not trickling down to the rural poor who live on the land where the gold is mined . Ghana was among the first African countries to gain independence from the British , breaking loose in 1957 . It endured a series of coups before Lt. Jerry Rawlings took power in 1981 . A decade later , it transitioned to a stable democracy with multiparty elections .	NEW : Opposition party says it has "  credible evidence " of problems Ghana voted for a president and parliament on Friday and Saturday Regional observers called the vote "  generally peaceful and transparent " Despite protests , Ghana 's re-elected president calls for unity and celebration
EW.com  -- No one can question Guillermo del Toro 's passion for Japanese monster movies . The fanboy-friendly director , who earned his Comic-Con bona fides by crafting oddball fantasias including Pan 's Labyrinth and the Hellboy films , has spoken at length about being weaned on creature double features as a kid in Mexico . And it was n't just the granddaddy of all man-in-a-rubber-suit behemoths , Godzilla , who cracked open his mind . He also swooned over the more esoteric beasties in Toho Studios ' kaiju  i.e. , giant monster  stable -- titanic brutes like Mothra , Megalon , and Mechagodzilla . It goes without saying that the man 's geek credentials run deep . Now , with his latest film , the gargantuan monsters-vs . - mammoth-robots smackdown Pacific Rim , del Toro has somehow persuaded Hollywood to bankroll his tribute to the giddy junk food he grew up on . And that 's exactly what the film feels like : a 48-year-old kid playing with gigantic action figures in the world 's most expensive sandbox . Unfortunately , his deep-rooted passion never quite makes the leap from his imagination to the screen . EW : Idris Elba as Mandela in trailer Set in the not-too-distant future , Pacific Rim picks up after a string of apocalyptic sea-monster attacks have reduced San Francisco , Manila , and Cabo San Lucas to dust . It turns out that a breach in the bottom of the Pacific Ocean has ripped open and loosed an armada of kaiju . Humanity is defenseless against their massive , razor-toothed maws and battering-ram limbs -- at least until the military 's high-tech Jaeger program is conceived . The Jaegers  German for " hunters "  are 25-story robots operated by two human pilots whose minds are neurally linked in a process called " the drift . " The Jaegers are only as good as their operators , who must be able to read each other 's thoughts and intuit each other 's next moves . Go-it-alone rebels need not apply . But of course one does : Raleigh Becket  Sons of Anarchy 's Charlie Hunnam  , a hotshot pilot whose brother was killed in a kaiju rampage and who 's so wild and unpredictable he might as well have the name " Maverick " stenciled on his helmet . It does n't help matters that Hunnam has to bark goofy lines like " Stay in the drift , the drift is silence ! " EW : Martin Freeman says farewell to Bilbo Baggins Silly dialogue is not the most serious problem with del Toro 's rock - 'em - sock - 'em monster mash . We 've come to expect a few groaners from our action spectaculars . But do the clichés need to be piled quite so high ? Raleigh is a loner who must learn to trust his new partner  Babel 's Rinko Kikuchi  and heed the lessons of his stern commander  Idris Elba  . Few of the actors leave much of an impression . And the ones who do  Charlie Day and Burn Gorman as a shrill pair of wacky scientists  are grating . Let 's be clear , though : The main reason anyone wants to see a movie like Pacific Rim is to watch robots smack the snot out of monsters and vice versa . And that 's where del Toro hits the biggest snag . The problem is a matter of scale . Pan 's Labyrinth cast such a spell partly due to the freaky details of a character like the Pale Man . The giant eye in the palm of his hand was designed with such jeweler 's precision that it was seared into your dreams  and nightmares  after you walked out of the theater . Here , del Toro 's monsters are so big , and shot in such unrelenting rainy darkness , that the audience never gets a chance to dissect and fetishize their monstrous anatomies and be swept away by their weirdness . And if you ca n't be transported by a humongous calamari leviathan with suction-cup limbs projectile-vomiting bioluminescent goo , that 's an issue . I do n't know if del Toro felt overwhelmed by the pressure of making a megabudget 3-D tentpole for the first time , but there is n't enough of his bewitching poetic touch in the film . In a sense , Pacific Rim winds up being not enough of a Guillermo del Toro movie . It 's more like a mash-up of Real Steel and the Transformers pictures . Which is a shame , because the idea is undeniably cool . But I 'd be surprised if a kid in Mexico or anywhere else walked out of Pacific Rim with a burning desire to direct a tribute to it when he or she grows up . Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Guillermo del Toro directed "  Pacific Rim " Critic says silly dialogue is not the most serious problem EW gives a grade of B -
Former President George W. Bush is enjoying another bounce in the post-presidential polls . First , the opening of his presidential library produced a spate of positive coverage about his time in office . Now , Gallup has released a survey showing that for the first time since 2005 , more people approve than disapprove of Bush . This kind of shift in public opinion is likely to continue , with more upswings as well as downturns ahead . This is the nature of presidential legacies . They are a bit like what Mark Twain once said about the weather in New England : if you do n't like it , just wait a second and it will change . Presidential reputations are never fixed in stone . With the exception of a few of our leaders , such as Abraham Lincoln of Franklin Roosevelt , people tend to remember presidents in different ways at different times . Even some of the more unpopular presidents have seen their support rise in the post-presidency period . Why is it the case ? The most obvious reason is that the passions for presidents -- both good and bad -- tend to go down after they leave office . Americans turn their attention to the new boss and to new issues , and the focus of their sentiment shifts elsewhere . This is particularly true in our heated political times when voters become so polarized on their feelings about a leader -- feelings that can become most intense as we approach the elections . Another factor has to do with what the successor does in office . Much of the controversy that surrounded Bush had to do with his national security policies . The war in Iraq caused a huge controversy with many Americans feeling the president had gone into an unnecessary war based on false evidence . By the second term , many Americans were also upset with some of the tactics the administration had used to pursue terrorists , such as interrogation . But President Barack Obama , who campaigned as a critic of these policies , ended up leaving many of the programs in place and actually becoming more aggressive on certain fronts , such as the use of drone strikes . Obama has given these controversial policies a certain bipartisan imprimatur that has dulled the anger that existed toward Bush . The ways in which a president 's policies unfold over time is also essential . In some ways , Obama did Bush a favor . By bringing Iraq and Afghanistan to an end , he took these issues off the public radar . Without any kind of mass chaos in those countries , as some critics had warned would occur , the issues that caused Bush so much problems faded from the public mind . The flip side is that some policies look better in perspective . Although the TARP program still has many critics , the fact that it stabilized the financial markets and ended up not costing the federal government any money makes one of Bush 's most controversial decisions look better in hindsight . Presidential reputations also can be shaped , in the relative short term , by what a president does after leaving office . For example , former President Jimmy Carter has been successful in rehabilitating his image through his extensive post-presidential activities on foreign policy . Former President Bill Clinton has enjoyed strong approval for his work with his international foundation and , among Democrats , through his decision to engage in partisan wars after his time was done . Bush might have helped himself by staying outside of the media spotlight . There is a certain amount of good will that emerges as the structural problems with politics become clear . When a president is in office , they tend to receive all the blame , or credit , for what happens in Washington . When there are problems moving forward a policy , such as in reviving the economy , the public tends to blame the president . But when those problems continue long after a president is gone , as has been the case with the economy , the public tends to gain some perspective  even as they attack the existing president  about how the sources of discontent stem from the structural problems with the government and the economy rather than any individual person . We judge a president based on the political times we are living in -- not simply in the times that they governed . Presidential reputations could improve if the polls are tallied at a moment when a president resonates with the politics of the moment . Finally , and this is not relevant to Bush yet , the opening of archival records from the period a president is in office can dramatically change how we see him . President Dwight Eisenhower , who was once treated as a popular yet bumbling president , was found to have had a firm grip on decision-making in the White House . Discoveries from the Ronald Reagan archives in Simi Valley , California , revealed that he was much more than a former Hollywood actor who moved to the top through charisma and luck . Obama might want to take a close look at these kinds of swings . On the one hand , it might give him some solace that even with all the grief he has faced over issues such as health care and sluggish economic growth , it is easy to see how his record could look much stronger to Americans over time . On the other hand , he might want to be a bit cautious about taking too much comfort from positive approval ratings . After all , it 's all relative with respect to time .	Julian Zelizer : President George W. Bush is enjoying another bounce in the polls Zelizer : With a few exceptions , presidential reputations are never fixed in stone He says one reason is that passions for presidents tend to lessen after they leave office Zelizer : President Obama has done Bush a favor by continuing some of his policies
CNN  -- Fashion lovers crowded into a limestone townhouse on the prestigious Upper East Side of New York City on Wednesday night for an exclusive designer showcase . The house did n't belong to posh members of the high fashion elite , but to the Consulate General of the Russian Federation . The Russian Fashion Industry Showcase and Reception is one of several nationally-driven shows at New York Fashion Week promoting textile and apparel production unique to the countries . Upcoming shows will highlight the best in material and design from Korea , Japan , France and Scandinavia , but Wednesday night was all about the Russians . The evening embodied the Imperial Russia zeitgeist ; chandeliers dripped with crystal , women glided about draped in fur , well-tailored men straightened their pocket squares as they passed gilded mirrors . The crowd sipped vodka and ogled designs from a conglomerate of modern Russian designers , including Serguei Teplov , Dmitry Loginov , Tegin , Irina Shaposhnikova , Sergey Polyakov and Aleksandr Khrisanfov . American figure skater Johnny Weir , who has his eyes on a third Olympic Games , in the Russian city of Sochi , stopped in and posed for photos . Russia 's storied history was on display : A model 's hair was mussed into a babushka headpiece ; another stood with the rigid posture of a ballerina in laser-cut leather ; all of them wore black outfits reflective of the country 's harsh climate and lack of sunshine . "  New York City itself and , by default , Fashion Week is an avowedly international forum where everyone is welcomed and , for the most part , accepted , " said Stephan Rabimov , the founder and editor in chief of DEPESHA magazine , which co-sponsored the event . "  It 's a new type of communication channel to promote national interests : fashion , culture , tourism . " Rabimov said the U.S. fashion consumer is the perfect client for any ambitious designer . High-style buyers are , on average , well-educated professionals with lots of disposable income . Not only is the U.S. consumer a draw to international outlets , but New York is a global fashion capital on par with Paris , Milan and London . "  The American market is , simply , among the biggest , and they 're very creative . As much as we can celebrate the savoir-faire of the French , I think Americans are the most creative , " said Elisabeth Leontieff-Hirshon , a senior manager of UBIFRANCE . The Academy of Art University in San Francisco is showing a collaborative collection sponsored by UBIFRANCE , the French Trade Commission , on Friday at Lincoln Center in an effort to boost the profile of French mills in the United States . The collaboration was launched after approximately 250 meters of fabric was donated by French mills to the university , according to Leontieff-Hirshon . Leontieff-Hirshon said the appeal of partnering French textiles with American students is that U.S. designers are typically more open to new fabrics and new ideas . "  The American market knows what 's good and what 's selling ; they 're visionaries , " she said . An emerging market stepping onto the catwalk : Asia . Concept Korea is a collaborative show organized by the Ministry of Culture , among other state agencies . On display : true Gangnam style . During Concept Korea 's show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week last September , Korean designer Kathleen Kye showcased for the first time . That appearance later helped launch her collection at Opening Ceremony , a boutique synonymous with fashion ambassadorship , featuring designs from a different country each year . "  It is a must that we create a presence in New York in order to step into global market , " said Sang-Pyo Hong , chief director at Korea Creative Content Agency . Leather Japan is yet another Asia-driven show sponsored by the country 's Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry . Eight Japanese brands will showcase Japanese leather products , hoping to highlight the designers ' craftsmanship , said Kaoru Imajo , a spokesman for the event . While the country 's economy is flagging , new Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has recently advocated stimulating growth by increasing exports ; a somewhat contentious strategy because it could correlate with a depreciation of Japan 's currency . "  The Japanese yen is expensive now , so that is not good for exporting , but the brands are trying everything they can to make it better , " said Imajo . Rounding out the globe , there 's a Scandinavian showcase with designers SIPILÃ „ , Viola Blu and Olav making their debut to the U.S. market . Also showing is EDUN , a label working to increase trade with Africa that was launched in 2005 by Ali Hewson and her husband , U2 frontman Bono . While it 's common practice for government-run organizations to participate in international trade shows like COTERIE and PremiÃ ¨ re Vision , governments actively orchestrating Fashion Week events is a recent development . "  That 's why everyone who actually wants to sell clothes flocks here vying for interest of the best buyers and best media , " said Rabimov . "  It is a perfect mix to launch a new brand , revamp heavyweights or showcase any country 's fashion industry potential . " Follow Sarah LeTrent on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook for dispatches from New York Fashion Week .	Nations are sponsoring Fashion Week events to gain attention for textiles , designers At Russian showcase a model wore her hair mussed into a babushka headpiece Concept Korea is a collaborative show organized by the Ministry of Culture Organizers say New York Fashion Week is the ideal setting to showcase innovative style
CNN  -- Michelle Obama gave an impassioned speech before the International Olympics Committee . President Obama traveled overseas -- in the middle of debates over health care and Afghanistan -- to make his personal pitch to bring the 2016 Olympics to his hometown . President Obama personally appealed to IOC members for the 2016 summer Olympic Games to be in Chicago . But despite their efforts , the Obamas will come home empty-handed as Chicago 's dreams of hosting the Games evaporated in the first round . The news stunned those awaiting the announcement , many of whom thought the battle was between Chicago , Illinois , and Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Rio also beat out Madrid , Spain , and Tokyo , Japan , to host the games . Although the White House says the trip was the right thing to do , some Republicans say it will have some consequences for the president . "  Other than people who like to cheer , ` We 're No. 4 ! We 're No. 4 ! ' I do n't know how this is anything but really embarrassing , " Republican strategist Rich Galen said , adding that Obama 's failed pitch will probably be the joke on Capitol Hill for weeks to come . "  Given the last two months starting with the August recess and all of the issues that surrounded that , I think that the White House staff , the senior staff needs to get together somewhere and figure out how they are going to fix this , because they are in a deep slump , " he said . Upon returning to the White House on Friday , Obama expressed no regret about his trip , saying it is "  always a worthwhile endeavor to promote and boost the United States . " "  One of the things that I think is most valuable about sports is that you can play a great game and still not win , " the president said . "  Although I wish that we had come back with better news from Copenhagen , I could not be prouder of my hometown of Chicago . " White House senior adviser David Axelrod said that although the results were "  disappointing , " Obama did the best he could . "  The president made , I think , a very strong appeal , and it did n't work out . But it was well worth the effort . Any time this president has a chance to go and promote the interests of this country and promote the interests of a city or a state within this country on something of this magnitude , he 's going to take that opportunity , " he said . Axelrod said Obama 's appeal was n't strong enough to overcome the "  internal currents , " pointing out that former IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch was among those leading the bid to bring the games to Madrid . "  I think there were other things that played there that we simply could n't overcome , and that 's life . Life goes on , " he said . U.S. Rep. Danny Davis , a Chicago Democrat , said the loss is "  kind of heartbreaking . ... A tremendous amount of effort has been put into trying to win the bid . " It was n't a mistake for Obama to make the trip , Davis said . "  I think the president did what we would expect him to do , and that is show leadership , " he said . Obama spent just four hours in Copenhagen and flew back before the announcement was made . The president also met with his commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , aboard Air Force One , following up on a Wednesday meeting with his national security team on how to proceed on the war , the White House said . Before his trip , critics questioned whether Obama should leave the country to make his pitch , given his already full plate . "  Listen , I think it 's a great idea to promote Chicago , but he 's the president of the United States , not the mayor of Chicago , " House Minority Leader John Boehner said , Politico reported . "  And the problems we have here at home affect all Americans , and that 's where his attention ought to be . " Last month , when the Obamas hosted an event on the White House lawn to rally support for Chicago 's bid , Obama was against making the trip . "  I would make the case in Copenhagen personally , if I were n't so firmly committed to making -- making real the promise of quality , affordable health care for every American , " the president said . But the administration had little choice but to raise the stakes , White House officials said , given that the other competitors all were sending their heads of state to Copenhagen . CNN senior political correspondent Candy Crowley said Obama 's failure to bring the Games to Chicago wo n't cause any enduring political damage . "  It opens him to criticism and it makes it difficult for him for a while . But will it mean NATO is n't going to send more troops to Afghanistan because he did n't get the Olympics ? No . Does it mean that any Republican or Democrat will change their mind on health care ? No . "  He 's going to be in a lot bigger trouble if he does n't deliver on health care , believe me , " she said .	NEW : "  I could not be prouder of my hometown of Chicago , " Obama says "  I do n't know how this is anything but really embarrassing , " GOP strategist says Critics had questioned whether Obama should make trip , given his full plate Chicago eliminated in first round ; Rio de Janeiro wins
CNN  -- Liberals need to stop complaining about the right . In recent weeks , the chorus of criticism emanating from liberals has been intensifying , focusing on how right-wing Republicans have shut down the government and are threatening the global economy . Many observers agree with this criticism , including a number of Republicans who are also frustrated with their own party . A recent Pew poll showed that support for the GOP has plummeted since September . But simply criticizing congressional intransigence never goes very far in Washington politics . Liberals who rail against the right are unlikely to accomplish much . The 40 or so conservative Republicans who have been controlling the House Caucus do n't really care what liberals in Washington have to say . Even if some House Republican politicians are listening to their critics , most of the short-term electoral incentives are pushing them in a different direction than Democrats hope . If liberals want to bring change and truly alter the political dynamics in Washington , they are going to need to build grass-roots pressure to shape national debate and genuine electoral pressure in the states and districts of Republicans who are not among the hard-core of the right-wing -- still a majority of the GOP . Political scientist Matthew Green estimates that there are 48 Republicans in the "  fearful caucus , " who are not in the hard "  no " faction but whose primary concern is being at risk in a primary challenge . There are 29 Republicans who are loyal to the House leadership , and 17 more in districts won by President Barack Obama who are interested in a compromise . Thus far , it has been striking during the federal government shutdown to see the relative inaction of the left in terms of mounting actual grass-roots pressure on legislators to reopen the government , raise the debt ceiling and deal with budgetary disputes through the normal paths of the legislative process . Although the budgetary process is not an issue that has the same urgency as immigration reform or climate change , the stakes of continuing with this kind of budget politics are enormously consequential . The more that Republicans can normalize the decision to shut down the federal government , the more comfortable they will be in disputes to do this again . If they are willing to go to the length of actually sending the government into default over health care , they will use this kind of threat in future policy disputes . Republicans , to some extent , are comfortable with this outcome . They have been warning about the ills of government for decades , so this kind of breakdown fits well within their broader narrative . Liberals need government to work , as they believe that government is an essential part of a fair and just society . In the past , liberals have scored their biggest breakthroughs against congressional conservatism through grass-roots pressure . Between the late 1930s and the early 1960s , a conservative alliance of Southern Democrats and Midwestern Republicans held up progress on legislation meant to benefit African-Americans , union members and Americans living in the cities . Since Southern Democrats chaired many of the major committees , they were able to prevent bills from coming up for a vote or they forced legislation to be so watered down by the time of passage that it was ineffective . In the Senate , they could use the filibuster on bills such as civil rights to ensure that bold measures did not come up for a vote . During the early 1960s , liberals were finally able to break the hold of this conservative coalition through a massive and dramatic grass-roots mobilization , spearheaded by the civil rights movement . This changed national opinion and created electoral pressure on Midwestern Republicans to break ranks with their Southern counterparts . During the 1980s , liberals faced similar problems . After the 1980 election , President Ronald Reagan allied with the newly Republican Senate and an expanded conservative coalition in the House to push through major legislation , such as the historic tax cut of 1981 , that took away revenue the federal government badly needed and made the tax code less progressive . Reagan also obtained a huge increase in the defense budget and undertook an aggressive shift in foreign policy that heightened tensions with the Soviet Union . His team avoided negotiations with the Soviets and insisted on a build-up of intercontinental missiles in Europe . But liberals pushed back . When Reagan proposed cuts to Social Security in 1981 , House Democrats worked with organizations and citizen groups allied with the elderly to stop this in its tracks . During the 1982 midterms , liberals focused on "  fairness " in the economy and blamed Reagan 's policies for the economic recession . In 1983 and 1984 , the millions of Americans involved in the nuclear freeze movement generated immense support for the need to reduce international tensions and created the framework for negotiations that started in 1985 when Mikhail Gorbachev emerged on the scene . A new book by historian Michael Foley , "  Front Porch Politics , " shows how grass-roots activists in this period participated in a wide range of protests on issues such as industrial policies for depressed areas to gay rights . Liberals have an opportunity to influence the political debate . An unusual alliance is possible . First , liberals will find support from Republicans who care about the party 's national standing and are unhappy with the polls reflecting the public 's discontent with House GOP tactics . Second , a growing number of leaders in the business community are starting to consider the possibility of funding primary challengers to hard-right Republicans whose policy demands are threatening the economy . But liberals will have to be part of the equation of isolating the far right politically by building pressure in swing states , generating support for Democrats who push back against these kinds of tactics , staging protests , holding marches and meeting with constituents in states where Republican politicians will feel pressed to moderate the ways of their party . Conservatives have been quick to turn to protest politics , such as the recent protests at Washington monuments , so there is no reason liberals should be hesitant to do the same , although they will need to do so on a much larger scale . Without that kind of grass-roots pressure from liberals , the current stalemate is likely to be the new normal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Liberal complaints about the tactics of the right accomplish nothing He says liberals should be looking for ways to pressure GOP members in their districts If GOP can normalize shutdowns , it will use tactic again and again , he says Zelizer : Moderate Republicans might help push back against conservatives
Grosseto , Italy  CNN  -- The captain of the Italian cruise liner Costa Concordia "  committed a tragic error , " but his crew did their best to evacuate the ship 's 3,200 passengers , the last survivor found aboard said Wednesday . Manrico Giampedroni , one of the ship 's officers , said he was on the darkened bridge with Capt. Francesco Schettino when the Concordia hit the rocks off the Mediterranean island of Giglio the night of January 13 . He broke a leg as the liner rolled and was found 36 hours later in a half-flooded dining room , suffering from hypothermia . "  All of the members of the crew did their best . They made a good job , everybody , " he told CNN before his release from the hospital . But , he said , Schettino "  committed a tragic error . Maybe he was too confident in his skills , and he relied too much on his knowledge of the ship . " At least 17 people died when the Concordia ran aground and settled sideways on the sea bottom off Giglio , with half of the vessel still sticking out of the shallow water . Another 15 remained unaccounted for more than two weeks after the accident . Giampedroni was the ship 's purser , the officer in charge of passenger accommodations and food service . He also oversaw the evacuation that followed Concordia 's grounding . Schettino had invited him to the bridge to watch as he steered the ship past Giglio in what the captain called "  a salute " to the island town , Giampedroni told reporters on his way out of the hospital . About a half-dozen people were on the bridge , which was darkened for night operations . He said he thought the ship was passing too close to the island , "  but the captain drives the ship . He knows very well where he should pass . " "  In this occasion , we can not say , ` Captain , we are too near the coast . ' We can not say that . In this case , it is best only to watch and nothing else . " Schettino has said that after the impact , he ran the ship aground to keep it from sinking and limit its list . The captain is under house arrest on suspicion of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and abandoning ship while passengers were still aboard . He denies the charges , saying his actions saved lives and dismissing prosecutors ' suggestions that he was going too fast . Critics have also questioned whether Schettino waited too long to give the order to abandon ship . Giampedroni said that decision was up to the captain -- but once given , "  Everyone worked in the proper way . " "  Consider that the ship was leaning very fast , it was a little difficult for us to put the people in safe , on the life boats , " he said . Most of the 3,000-plus passengers and the ship 's crew of about 1,000 made it safely off the ship in less than two hours , he said . Giampedroni told CNN that he was hurt when he was heading back to the muster stations where passengers assembled to leave the ship . "  Muster station A was completely evacuated , " he said . "  I wanted to check if there was anyone left on muster station B . When I was going there , in the restaurant , I had the accident . The ship was tilted , and it was easy to lose orientation . " Giampedroni was half-submerged in the chilly water flooding the restaurant when found . He said he survived by sipping at a soft drink that he caught as it floated by , since the contents had not been contaminated with salt water .	Manrico Giampedroni was on Concordia 's bridge when the ship ran aground He said he thought it was too close to shore , "  but the captain drives the ship " Giampedroni was the last survivor found aboard the stricken cruise liner
CNN  -- The United States announced new sanctions Friday against Syria and its supporters , focusing on Hezbollah 's support for the regime and a Syrian oil company for violating U.S. sanctions on Iran . The U.S. State Department sanctioned the refiner Sytrol for selling $ 36 million of gasoline to Iran in April . Earlier Friday , the U.S. Treasury Department announced an extension of sanctions against Hezbollah , a Lebanon-based Shiite militant group , for its support of the Syrian government . Hezbollah , which the United States has designated a terrorist organization supported by Iran , has provided training , advice and extensive logistical support to President Bashar al-Assad 's military campaign against an uprising that began in March 2011 , the department said . The agency accused the group of training Syrian government personnel inside Syria , and facilitating the training of Syrian forces by the Quds Force , an elite unit of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps . "  Hezbollah 's extensive support to the Syrian government 's violent suppression of the Syrian people exposes the true nature of this terrorist organization and its destabilizing presence in the region , " Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David S. Cohen said in a statement . Al-Assad 's inner circle : Mostly family , like ` mafia ' Friday 's announcements came as fighting for control of Aleppo continued . Also Friday , Great Britain announced $ 7.8 million more aid for the Syrian rebels . The money is intended not for weapons , but for medical and communication supplies , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said . "  The people of Syria can not wait indefinitely , " he said . Hague 's announcement came as shelling and clashes continued throughout Syria . Syrian security forces killed at least 180 people , including 75 in Aleppo , said the Local Coordination Committees  LCC  of Syria , a network of opposition activists . On Thursday , the opposition group said at least 134 people were killed . Syrian rebels arrested a number of pro-regime journalists while they were covering military operations in al-Tal , a suburb of Damascus , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Syrian state TV reported that a crew from Al-Ikhbariya TV , which is pro-regime , had lost communication with their office and that "  armed groups and countries that are supporting them " are to be held responsible . Residents reported intense shelling Friday in a village in Hama , as well as in two neighborhoods in Homs , the LCC reported . An activist from the Al Midan neighborhood of Damascus told CNN that tanks were in the streets and smoke was billowing in the capital . Troops , he said , were raiding homes and arresting people . "  The situation is terrible , " said the activist , who was not identified because of security reasons . Witnesses also reported shelling in Aleppo , Syria 's largest city , the LCC said . Syrian armed forces were inflicting "  heavy losses " on rebels in the neighborhoods of Al-Ithaa and Saif Al-Dawla , Syrian state TV said Friday . The Syrian government and rebel groups have been battling for days to control Aleppo , a key front in a conflict that morphed into a civil war after government forces began cracking down on peaceful protesters in March 2011 . The International Committee of the Red Cross said Friday that its first convoy in two weeks had entered the city a day ealier and was delivering humanitarian aid . "  Our priority has been getting them food , clean water , mattresses , things people take for granted , " said Rabab Al-RifaÃ ¯ , head of communication for ICRC Damascus . "  Though the ICRC and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent are doing everything possible to assist civilians affected by the violence , it is up to the parties to the conflict to take every feasible measure to spare the civilian population the effects of the fighting , " said Marianne Gasser , the head of the ICRC delegation in Syria . The Syrian Arab Red Crescent had suspended most of its activities due to the danger , she said . "  Still , dozens of volunteers have continued to work under extremely difficult conditions to meet the growing needs of the civilian population . " Strapped for supplies and personnel , health-care facilities were finding it difficult to treat the wounded , said the ICRC , which has 50 staff members in Syria . An activist who provides relief aid to Aleppo 's internally displaced residents told CNN on Friday that fewer demonstrations were taking place in the city , but that security forces were using live ammunition against those protesters who ventured out . In recent weeks , thousands of residents of its outskirts and other cities , including Homs , had converged on its central district , many of them bunking with relatives or renting low-budget apartments located in the city 's poorer areas , said the activist , who spoke on condition of anonymity . But the recent outbreak of fighting in Aleppo itself has led many of those who had sought safety there to flee again , the activist said . "  Most of those people would come and ask us , ` Where should we go now ? Is there a safe place left in Syria so we can go to ? ' " he said . Many residents who had fled the devastated city of Homs opted to return there ; others chose to stick it out in Aleppo , seeking shelter in schools located in safer areas , the activist said . "  Today , there around 50-60 schools open for the displaced ; the average number of people in these schools is around 250 . " He described the conditions in the schools as "  terrible . " Most Aleppo residents favor neither side in the battle , but most of the displaced residents hate the regime , he said . "  Even informants and members of security forces who had to flee their areas with their families despise the regime now , " he added . But others blame Free Syrian Army fighters , saying government forces and troops would not have shelled their homes had it not been for the FSA 's presence in their neighborhoods , he said . Roughly 17,000 people have been killed since the fighting began , the United Nations said last month . The opposition has put the toll at more than 20,000 . Two days in Aleppo : Guns , graveyards and stairwell beds Civilians in Aleppo were increasingly at risk from aerial attacks , artillery shelling and gunfire , Human Rights Watch said Friday . "  As Syria deploys helicopters , fighter jets , tanks , and heavy artillery in populated areas of Aleppo , it should do everything feasible to protect civilians from harm , " said Anna Neistat , acting emergencies director at Human Rights Watch . "  At the same time , the Free Syrian Army forces in and around the city should do what they can to minimize the risk to civilians in the fighting . " The bloodshed has prompted increasing numbers of Syrians to flee into Turkey , Lebanon , Jordan and Iraq , the United Nations refugee agency said Friday . Almost 150,000 Syrians are now living as refugees , the agency said . What does Iran get for supporting al-Assad ? In Turkey alone , the refugee population has exceeded 50,000 , with more than 6,000 new arrivals -- many from the Aleppo area -- this week . Syria 's harshest critics , including the United States , were absent from a meeting called this week by Iran to discuss the crisis . More than two dozen countries -- including Syria 's allies China and Russia -- did attend . Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi called the meeting a success , Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA reported Friday . "  Attendance of more than 30 countries at the conference shows its success , and we hope that more countries whose policies correspond and are in line with Iran 's diplomacies attend similar conferences in the future , " the foreign minister said , according to IRNA . A spokesman for the opposition Syrian National Council said the problem had nothing to do with finding places to hold conferences . "  The main problem is to stop the regime from mass-murdering innocent civilians and shelling every city in Syria , " said George Sabra . CNN exclusive : Inside Syria CNN 's Samira Said , Jamie Crawford , Saad Abedine , Lesa Jansen , Ivan Watson and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	U.S. says Syrian refiner aided Iran , Hezbollah militant group supported Syrian regime At least 180 people were reported killed Friday , including 75 in Aleppo UK says it will provide $ 7.8 million for aid such as medical , communication supplies Iran calls a meeting about the Syrian crisis a success
CNN  -- Johanna Sigurdardottir was sworn in as Iceland 's prime minister on Sunday , becoming the world 's first openly gay premier and the first woman to take the post in Iceland . Johanna Sigurdardottir is a former flight attendant and union leader . Sigurdardottir , 66 , took office less than a week after the Cabinet resigned amid fallout from Iceland 's financial collapse . A former flight attendant who entered politics via the union movement , Sigurdardottir was minister of social affairs and social security in the outgoing Cabinet , which resigned Monday . Iceland has been in political turmoil since October , when its currency , stock market and leading banks collapsed amid the global financial crisis . The island nation 's Nordic neighbors sent billions of dollars to prop up the economy , as did the International Monetary Fund in its first intervention to support a Western European democracy in decades . But weekly demonstrations -- some verging on riots -- finally forced Prime Minister Geir Haarde and his coalition to resign en masse on January 26 . The country 's president turned to the Social Democratic Alliance party to form a new government , and they selected Sigurdardottir to lead it . She has been a member of Iceland 's Parliament for 30 years , and was in her second stint as minister of social affairs . She started her career as a flight attendant for the airline that became IcelandAir . She was active in the flight attendants ' labor union during her 11 years with the airline , according to her official resume . She briefly led her own political party , which merged with other center-left parties to form the Alliance party . Sigurdardottir is Iceland 's first female prime minister , although not the North Atlantic nation 's first female head of state -- Vigdis Finnbogadottir became its fourth president in 1980 . Sigurdardottir lists author and playwright Jonina Leosdottir , 54 , as her spouse on her ministry Web site . She has two children from an earlier marriage . Her prime ministership may be short-lived . The government she is forming is only due to last until the next elections , which must take place by May and could be held in April . A statement posted by the new government on Iceland 's Web site promised elections "  as soon as circumstances allow , " and said the interim government "  will base itself on a very prudent and responsible policy in economic and fiscal matters . " The statement added that the government will treat as priorities "  the principles of sustainable development , women 's rights , equality and justice . " Stonewall , a leading British gay and lesbian rights group , welcomed Sigurdardottir 's appointment as a milestone . "  It really does matter . It is helpful " to have an openly gay prime minister , said Gary Nunn , a Stonewall spokesperson . "  We are trying to foster the ambition that young people can be anything they want to be . "	NEW : Johanna Sigurdardottir sworn in Sunday Sigurdardottir was social affairs minister in outgoing Cabinet Predecessor Haarde resigned after the collapse of Iceland 's main banks She has been a member of Iceland 's Parliament for 30 years
CNN  -- If you 've been to the movies recently , you 've probably been pummeled with trailers for interchangeable all-star action movies : "  The Expendables , " "  The A-Team " and "  The Losers . " Mercenaries are in this year , and khaki is the new black . "  The Losers " is first out of the blocks , and it 's a cheerfully vulgar shoot - 'em - up that does n't have a serious bone in its pumped-up body . Based on Andy Diggle 's Vertigo comic book  itself loosely inspired by the old DC comic  , the movie does n't really flow ; it just spurts out in quick , oily jets . It 's actually less like a comic book and more like a 90-minute trailer : all the best bits stuck end to end and the filler condensed into a pithy line or  better yet  a clubby music cue .  The Kills ' "  U R A Fever " comes up twice -- once for a fight scene and then again for a sex scene -- but there 's no doubt the fight is the turn-on , and it lasts much longer , too . If you 've seen the trailer , you 'll feel you 're halfway there , and if you caught co-writer Peter Berg in "  Smokin ' Aces " a couple of years back , you 'll know what else is in store . The Losers are some kind of CIA black ops squad , but only for a nanosecond . There are five of them , each with his own wardrobe fetish and each with a prescribed skill set : Clay is the leader  Jeffrey Dean Morgan from "  Watchmen "  , and he looks good with one shirt-tail hanging out . Jensen  Chris Evans  is tech support and comic relief in a series of nasty T-shirts . Cougar  Oscar Jaenada  is a sniper and never separated from his cowboy hat . Pooch  Columbus Short  is the driver and family man . Roque  Idris Elba , aka Stringer Bell from "  The Wire "  is second-in-command , a knife expert with a scar down his cheek . They 're a bit lightweight in star power -- Evans is the biggest draw and the most fun -- and they 're not so badass that they 're willing to take out a Bolivian crime boss when they realize he 's surrounded himself with children . In rescuing the kids , the Losers seal their own death warrant with their controller , Max , a super-patriot whose precise role in U.S. intelligence is shrouded in secrecy but who has been written as a cross between Dick Cheney and Dr. No  though Jason Patric , who plays him , resembles a psychotically soft-spoken Warren Beatty  . Left for dead in the jungle , the team is rescued , sort of , by a high-kicking beanpole with an open credit line . This is Aisha  Zoe Saldana  , and she hires the Losers to bring down Max . "  How do I know I can trust you ? " Clay wants to know . "  Because if I was lying , I would n't have used the words ` suicide mission , ' " she very reasonably points out . Locked into the faddish slam-cut video game look and filtered  perhaps in deference to a string of Central American locations  in malarial shades of green and yellow , "  The Losers " wants to seem cutting edge , though it clings to a quaint Saturday morning serial black-and-white morality . Max is n't just down on kids , he plans to get his paws on "  next-generation " weapons , kick-start a war or two , destabilize the developing world and put the U.S. back on top . Laughable ! Directed by Sylvain White  "  Stomp the Yard "  , the movie musters a modicum of snap , crackle and pop , but the whole shooting match is delivered in such an assiduously shorthand style that when the smoke clears , it 's hard not to feel a teensy bit short-changed .	"  The Losers " is based on Andy Diggle 's Vertigo comic book Film stars Chris Evans , Jeffrey Dean Morgan , Columbus Short and Zoe Saldana It musters a modicum of snap , crackle and pop , but it 's hard not to feel short-changed
CNN  -- Ramadan is the holiest month for Muslims around the world , a time to fast , cleanse the soul and surrender to God . But in the Middle East , there 's a new twist to the tradition . Arab channels ' soap operas contain enough twists to entertain through the month of Ramadan . Ramadan translates into big bucks for Arab satellite channels . Millions of dollars are spent on special programming , much of it comparable to Western soap operas , to entertain the masses during their sunrise-to-sunset fasts . One program , the popular Syrian production "  Baab El-Hara " -- "  The Neighborhood Gate " -- offers high drama focused on a family feud . A man and his pregnant wife are separated as their mothers fight it out , with each mother-in-law trying to teach the other a lesson . The woman misses her husband and wants to go back to him . The husband kisses his mother 's hand and promises her he 'll do only what she wants . The soaps showcase social traditions mixed with melodramatic characters and enough twists and turns of events to last the entire month of fasting . But it 's not all soap . There are also history programs highlighting glorious times of Islamic and Arabic bygone eras . On these , the ancient Arabic tribal costumes are showcased , complete with the traditional headdress , dagger on the side and more camels than a viewer can count . Watch a report on Ramadan television " The soap opera boom during Ramadan has become the subject of hot debate on news channels . Some people have expressed concern that sitting in front of a TV set all day does n't go well with the spirit of the month , when Muslims are supposed to be contemplating and meditating . The Dubai-based news channel Al-Arabiya found a novel way to entertain its viewers : a documentary in which the host walks in the footsteps of the prophet Mohammed as detailed in the Quran . The channel also offers a daily lighter look at Ramadan , focusing on people 's health during the holy month . Recommendations on the best meals to eat are followed by descriptions of how many calories they contain . Middle Eastern cuisine is displayed to viewers just in time to break fast . That , too , is announced on TV these days , instead of the traditional cannon and call to prayer . And if Muslims decide to break their fasts with a traditional shisha smoke and a light meal in a neighborhood cafe , no worries . Satellite channels will serve them soaps there , too . It 's all part of the big plan , and it happens only during Ramadan .	Arab TV channels spend millions to entertain Muslims during Ramadan fasts Popular programs are soap operas , history lessons , food shows Some say sitting in front of TV all day undermines true purpose of holy month
CNN  -- Brendon Pelser said he saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing as it took off from Cape Town , South Africa , Wednesday . Men were sweating profusely , women were crying . "  There was fear on their faces , " Pelser said . "  Everyone started panicking . " But the pilot of Nationwide Airlines ' Boeing 737 Flight CE723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at Cape Town International Airport . Including crew , 100 hundred people were on the plane that departed at 3:50 p.m. on an hourlong flight to Johannesburg , South Africa . No one was injured . The jet had only been in the air about 10 minutes before the engine fell . "  We heard something crash and bang , the plane veering left and right . A person on the right side said the engine was missing -- had broken clean off , " said Pelser . Watch Pelser describe how the flight crew told passengers to "  prepare for the worst " " "  They flew us in very slowly . We were all prepared for the worst . We went into the fetal position , head between the legs , " he said . "  Then we hit the runway . " "  I did kind of pray . I did n't want to die . I 'm not really ready to die , " the 33-year-old said . An object had been sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground and officials are trying to identify it . The engine-to-wing supporting structure is designed to release an engine "  when extreme forces are applied , " to prevent structural damage to the wing , Nationwide said on its Web site . The airline described the incident as a "  catastrophic engine failure . " As the nose wheel lifted from the ground , "  the captain heard a loud noise immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft  sideways slippage  to the right , " the airline said in a news release . The flight instruments showed the No. 2 engine on the right side had failed , it said . Pelser said he spent the night in Cape Town , then flew back to Johannesburg where he lives , on the same airline . Nationwide said the engine had undergone a major overhaul in March 2005 at "  an approved Federal Aviation Authority facility in the U.S.A. " and had flown only 3,806 hours since then . "  These engines typically achieve 10,000 hours between major overhauls , " Nationwide Airlines ' press release stated . E-mail to a friend	Nationwide Airlines pilot dumped fuel until he landed plane Wednesday An object was sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground 100 , including crew , were on the plane ; no one was injured Plane passenger : "  Everyone started panicking "
Boulder , Colorado  CNN  -- Even though rising floodwaters were wreaking havoc along Colorado 's Front Range communities on September 12 , Mark Changaris and his roommate , Stephen Smith , felt safe in their upscale home high on a hillside adjacent to Flagstaff Mountain . A mile downhill , downtown Boulder 's streets were underwater . "  We thought there might be some minor flooding in the house , " said Mark . "  We 're so high up , we thought there would be nothing to worry about up here . " The drama was just beginning . In the early morning , Smith heard reports that heavy rain was isolating the city of Lyons , where his sister Catherine lives . He decided to evacuate Catherine ; her partner , Mandy ; their 8-month old daughter , Tobin ; and two family dogs . Using Google Earth maps and a familiarity that came from riding mountain bikes in the area , Stephen told Catherine , who was reachable only via e-mail , that if she could hike over a ridge behind her home , they could meet at a rock quarry . Flood death toll rises to seven "  I zigzagged farm roads and dirt roads and found my way to the quarry , where I waited for them , quite anxiously of course . " Smith said . They eventually found one another , and the four , along with the dogs , crossed overflowing drainage channels and steep terrain to reach Stephen Smith 's truck . A soggy , cold but happy Smith drove his extended family back to Boulder . But not all was well . After the rescue , Smith and Changaris worried that their own home was in danger . Changaris had to strip down and dive into neck-deep water to unblock a drain filled with mud and debris . Stephen went outside to assess rising water . "  The drainage is getting higher , " he said . Within minutes , their backyard filled with floodwater . "  There was a 4-foot wall of water with branches and debris in it , " said Smith . He ran inside and warned Catherine , Mandy , Changaris and his girlfriend , Kristen Huber , to get out . "  The latch on the door was creaking , " Smith said . "  Everything was about to give , and I knew we were going to get just hurt badly if we stayed any longer . " "  It happened so quickly and suddenly , " Changaris said . "  It went from a very calm , warm and welcoming living room to a disaster in an instant . There was roaring and screaming and the sound of an immense amount of moving water and debris . " Both roommates tried to hold back the French doors . "  The force was overwhelming , and in the back of your head , you 're thinking of another slide could be coming down -- something that could be larger , " said Changaris . "  We just decided in that instant , just to get out , " he said . After the initial rush of water , Stephen and Mark went back to collect a few treasured items . Huber used her phone to shoot video of the flood . "  I felt a little guilty , " said Smith . "  One minute I 'm on the highest of highs , feeling like I helped take care of my family -- the people closest to me -- and brought them to what seemed like a safe , warm place where at least we could be together . And then , moments later , I 'm walking around the hillside in the rain , with a towel on a baby , barefoot . " Two other roommates were out of town during the landslide . They all returned to thick mud and ruined furniture . Last Saturday evening , after a grueling day salvaging belongings , an exhausted Changaris sat down to the home 's Baldwin grand piano to play "  Mad World , " the '80s song by the British band Tears For Fears . Roommate Maren Keeley took out her phone and recorded Changaris ' poignant rendition . "  It was a beautiful moment in the midst of destruction , " Keeley said . The video has gone viral . "  It 's whimsical , it 's beautiful , it 's sad , and it touches you in a lot of ways , " said Changaris . "  I think it explains this whole event . This is nature , and nature is beautiful in a lot of ways . It 's also incredibly destructive . It 's sad , and people are suffering right now . " He has been playing on and off for about 10 to 15 years and says he 's never been classically trained . Changaris , an attorney , is modest in the limelight . He wants everyone to know that people are suffering in Colorado , his home state , and he wants them to volunteer their time or give money to a charity like the Red Cross . "  Our suffering is very small compared to others in the flood " , he said . The music "  put a personal face on the flood in a way that flood coverage does n't , and I think that 's why it 's resonated . "	A Colorado man and his roommate feel safe from flooding in their hillside home But after Stephen Smith rescues a family , rising water threatens their home A "  4-foot wall of water " leaves thick mud and ruined furniture A video of Mark Changaris playing piano after salvaging belongings has gone viral
CNN  Ivory Coast reached the quarterfinals of the 2015 African Cup of Nations with a narrow victory over Cameroon -- but Guinea and Mali now face a drawing of lots on Thursday . The two teams drew 1-1 in Mongomo and can not be separated by their head-to-head records , goal difference or goals scored . Instead , a random draw will decide which team goes through to play Ghana on Sunday . All four teams could have faced the drawing of lots had there been no winners from the group 's final two games . The last time lots were drawn at the Cup of Nations was in 1988 , when Algeria went through at the expense of Ivory Coast . In Malabo , Max Gradel 's goal ensured the Elephants did not suffer the same fate this year . The Saint-Etienne forward guided Ivory Coast past Cameroon with a 20-yard first-half strike that evaded goalkeeper Fabrice Ondoa . Cameroon coach Volker Finke , criticized for his selection of inexperienced players at the tournament , threw on Lyon striker Clinton N'Jie in a bid to wrest control of the game . But Ivory Coast should have had a second through Wilfried Bony and go through as group winners to face Algeria in the last eight -- perhaps to the frustration of Premier League managers , with stars like Bony , Yaya Toure , Kolo Toure and Cheick Tiote still wrapped up in the Cup . Algeria now represents one of the competition 's toughest tests for a generation of Ivory Coast players who have failed to deliver a major trophy despite their promise -- coming only as close as the final of the 2012 Cup of Nations final in 2012 , where they lost to Zambia . Guinea and Mali will become the first teams to draw lots at the Cup of Nations for 27 years after a game dominated by back-to-back penalties . Kevin Constant chipped home from the spot to put Guinea ahead in the 15th minute , after Mali 's Salif Coulibaly had headed the ball onto his own hand . Mali could have been level instantly as referee Mohamed Said Kordi immediately awarded a second penalty at the other end , but Seydou Keita 's tame effort was easily saved . Mali 's Modibo Maiga found an equalizer as both teams struggled to control themselves -- and the ball -- in a frenetic encounter not helped by a bobbling surface . Maiga , on loan at Metz from West Ham , headed in from the back post early in the second half , but Mali could not find a second goal despite a succession of opportunities . Ten of the 24 Cup of Nations games played to date at this tournament have now ended 1-1 .	Ivory Coast through to AFCON 2015 quarterfinals , Cameroon out Guinea and Mali will draw lots on Thursday for last quarterfinal place Draw means teams can not be separated on head-to-head record , nor goal difference
CNN  -- Eighteen victims of child pornography were rescued during a nationwide sweep by federal law enforcement agencies , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement announced Friday . The sweep , dubbed Operation Orion , resulted in the arrests of 190 individuals . Most of them were in the U.S. , but some were in Argentina , the Philippines , Spain and the United Kingdom , ICE said in a news release . The operation took place from May 1 to May 31 . The arrests were made in 33 states and Puerto Rico , authorities said . Some of the victims were residing in the homes of the persons arrested , ICE spokeswoman Danielle Bennett said . For example , a child in San Diego was photographed in a shower , and authorities made a rescue in that home , Bennett said . "  Let this operation be a warning to anyone who would think they can use the Internet to exploit children : we are out there looking for you , we will find you , and you will be prosecuted , " ICE Director John Morton said in a statement . Morton said that as children begin summer vacations , parents should pay extra attention to how much time they spend on the Internet . "  Many of the child exploitation cases under Operation Orion began with a child or teen chatting with someone he or she met online , " Morton said in the statement . Related stories : Interpol targets 55 suspects using social network sites for child sex abuse images Former top FBI agent charged with child porn distribution 2011 : 72 charged in online global child porn ring	NEW : Some of the child victims were residing in homes of adults arrested NEW : 190 people are arrested in United States and other countries NEW : Arrests are made in 33 states plus Puerto Rico NEW : A child in San Diego was photographed in a shower
CNN  -- Two journalists covering civil unrest following a fatal shooting in Ferguson , Missouri , said they were briefly arrested Wednesday night inside a McDonald 's in the community . Wesley Lowery of The Washington Post and Ryan J. Reilly of The Huffington Post said on Twitter that they were arrested while they were doing work and then released within roughly 45 minutes . Neither was charged . "  This was very unnecessary , " Lowery said in a telephone interview . He said he was never told why he and Reilly were detained , except that they were "  trespassing " by being inside the fast-food restaurant . Lowery recorded a portion of his interaction with an officer inside the McDonald 's . In the video , which was published on The Washington Post 's Web site , an officer is heard demanding that he "  stop videotaping . " Citizens and professional journalists generally have the right to record police activities . Afterward , Reilly wrote in a Facebook post that a police officer "  in full riot gear " "  purposefully banged my head against the window on the way out and sarcastically apologized . " Reilly added , "  I 'm fine . But if this is the way these officers treat a white reporter working on a laptop who moved a little too slowly for their liking , I ca n't imagine how horribly they treat others . And if anyone thinks that the militarization of our police force is n't a huge issue in this country , I 've got a story to tell you . " Lowery emphasized that he did not want his arrest to overshadow the ongoing protests in Ferguson or the treatment of the protesters . "  I want this to be about the community , " he said . "  But this arrest is in some ways an anecdote of what 's going on here . " The arrests came amid an already-tense situation between journalists and the authorities in Ferguson , the site of last Saturday 's police shooting of an unarmed 18-year-old , Michael Brown . There have been several reports of reporters and the camera crews being told to leave protest areas , but no reported arrests until Wednesday . The Ferguson police chief , Thomas Jackson , told CNN he did not know who the arresting officers were . "  We had a lot of different agencies out there , " Jackson said . At 11 p.m. CDT , Jackson said 18 people had been taken into custody on Wednesday , including the two reporters . Elsewhere in the area on Wednesday evening , a number of reporters said they were doused with tear gas when authorities tried to disperse crowds . Ash-Har Quraishi , a correspondent for Al Jazeera America who previously worked for CNN , said his crew was in a place "  we believed to be safe " when people started running toward them . "  Rubber bullets were fired on us , and then a canister , " he said . "  We had to retreat into the neighborhood . " In a statement about the "  worsening situation in Ferguson , " Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon urged law enforcement agencies "  to keep the peace and respect the rights of residents and the press during this difficult time . " Officials at both The Washington Post and The Huffington Post issued statements that assailed the reporter arrests . Martin Baron , the executive editor of The Washington Post , said in a statement Wednesday night that "  there was absolutely no justification " for Lowery 's arrest . Baron noted that the reporter was "  illegally instructed to stop taking video of officers . Then he followed officers ' instructions to leave a McDonald 's -- and after contradictory instructions on how to exit , he was slammed against a soda machine and then handcuffed . That behavior was wholly unwarranted and an assault on the freedom of the press to cover the news . " Ryan Grim , The Huffington Post 's Washington bureau chief , noted in a statement that Reilly "  has reported multiple times from Guantanamo Bay . " According to Grim , Reilly "  said that the police resembled soldiers more than officers , and treated those inside the McDonald 's as ` enemy combatants . ' " Grim concluded his statement by saying , "  Police militarization has been among the most consequential and unnoticed developments of our time , and it is now beginning to affect press freedom . " Complete coverage on the Ferguson shooting and protests	Two journalists said police in Ferguson arrested them They were released with no criminal charges Protests have continued since shooting death of Michael Brown
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Babies lie side by side in warming beds or sprawled on blankets atop crude wooden tables . Many families at Indira Gandhi Children 's Hospital in Kabul , Afghanistan , seem resigned to the situation . Children with wounds and broken bones are carried in by their parents to wait on stiff plastic chairs . Outside , coughing youngsters squat on the pavement with their anxious families , waiting for care . And everywhere , parents clutch plastic bags containing bring-your-own medicines and supplies . For though they are all awaiting treatment at Afghanistan 's only specialist pediatric hospital , the hospital can not even afford bandages for its patients . The Indira Gandhi Children 's Hospital in central Kabul has to run on an operating budget of less than $ 1,200 a month , said Dr. Noorulhaq Yousufzai , the hospital director . The few supplies that he can buy have to be hoarded for emergencies , and he has to count on parents to buy what 's needed to care for their children . "  In some cases , there is shortage of the surgical materials , and sometimes we do n't have antiseptic to use , " Yousufzai said . The United Nations says that more than $ 15 billion in aid has been sent to Afghanistan since the U.S.-led coalition overthrew the Taliban in late 2001 . But still , the hospital can not afford to help the hundreds of children who stream in every day , desperate for care and cures . The government does pay for salaries and sometimes for fuel , but there is often a shortage of even basic supplies like syringes . Doctors say they have to double up premature babies in incubators . And some of those incubators are compromised . On a recent day , a plastic surgical mask taped onto one machine was the only shield from infection . Watch scenes from inside the hospital " The parents waiting anxiously beside their sick children seem resigned to the situation in the hospital . One mother , who declined to give her name , said she spent the family 's entire weekly income of $ 8 on an injection that did not help her baby . "  This is something that the hospital should be giving us , because we ca n't afford it , " she said . The U.S. Agency for International Development says infant mortality has dropped by 22 percent since the overthrow of the Taliban but acknowledges that the health status for Afghans is among the worst in the world . One in every five Afghan children will die before their 5th birthday , often of a preventable disease , according to the Save the Children aid agency . The toll on the children and parents is clear to any visitor , and the strain hits the hospital staff , too . "  When you see a patient is very , very , sick and you can not help , and they have to provide something for their children and they are not able to provide , it 's also a stress for us , " Yousufzai said . At the end of 2001 , there were hopes that the hospital would be upgraded , but it is still waiting . It needs some acute care of its own , or it will continue to struggle to help the children who arrive at its door pleading for care .	Kabul hospital 's operating budget is less than $ 1,200 a month Government pays salaries , but even basic supplies are often gone One in five Afghan children will die before their 5th birthday , group says
It breaks my heart to read about the death of James Boyd , a homeless man shot and killed by Albuquerque police in March . Boyd was apparently mentally ill . His death recalls the January shooting of Keith Vidal , the North Carolina teenager who , his family says , suffered from schizophrenia and who was shot and killed after police arrived to help with a crisis . Many details of that case are still unclear , and it 's hard to know who or what is responsible . Tragically , incidents such as this appear over and over again in the news . The scenario goes something like this : Police are called to assist with a person who is experiencing a mental health crisis . There is an escalation in tensions , perhaps the introduction of a real or imagined threat , and this leads to someone getting hurt or , worse , killed . And it 's not always the person in crisis ; sometimes , it is the police officer . Another all-too-common outcome is that the person in crisis ends up not at the hospital but at the jail . Police officers , families and certainly people with mental health conditions do n't want this to happen . And it does n't have to . There is a time-tested , well-researched way to lessen the likelihood that calling the police for assistance will end badly . In 1988 , an approach was developed in Memphis that has been slowly -- too slowly -- making its way throughout the country . It 's called Crisis Intervention Team Training , usually just referred to as CIT . Here 's how CIT works : A team of police officers  or other first responders  from one department or jurisdiction , or from a coalition of neighboring departments , undergoes a comprehensive week-long  40-hour  training program that does several things . It teaches some basics about mental illnesses , substance abuse disorders and developmental disabilities , and it explains how to recognize and interact with someone with these conditions who is in crisis . News reports indicate that the detective who was put on administrative leave after the Keith Vidal shooting had not completed the CIT program , though others in the Southport Police Department , where he served , had . If true , we ca n't know whether this would have changed the outcome , but it most certainly could have helped . A cadre of community experts provides the training . They include fellow police officers , mental health professionals , family members and people who live with mental health conditions . In addition to clinical information and learning about community resources  and how to link to them  , trainees hear personal stories , acquire de-escalation skills and put knowledge into practice through role play . Officers and people who have had their own crises act out a number of no-holds-barred , real-life scenarios . They also get a sense of what it 's like to experience extreme mental health symptoms , such as hearing voices . It 's not always pretty to watch or listen to , but the outcomes of the CIT training show great promise . Research shows that when CIT trained officers respond to a call , there are myriad benefits . The use of physical restraints goes way down , as do injuries to people in crisis and to officers . People are less likely to be arrested and taken to jail . And because officers know how to connect people to community services , the need to use the most expensive emergency services can sometimes be avoided . Equally valuable is the goodwill that CIT engenders . Officers report greater satisfaction in knowing how to help people , and citizens report greater trust in their police . If cities as large as Philadelphia and Houston and rural communities such as New River Valley in Virginia and Cambria County , Pennsylvania , can institute CIT , why are n't there teams in every community ? Of course , it costs money to pull officers off the street , to train police dispatchers , to pay for materials and for costs associated with using community buildings . Grants from government entities and foundations can at times help to offset these costs . And much of the training is done by volunteers . While the basics of the training program remain the same , it must be tailored to each locality . Therefore , more than anything else instituting a CIT program takes commitment and coordination . This usually begins with a person , or small group of people , building a coalition of community stakeholders . How many fewer tragedies might there be if more people stepped forward to become CIT champions ? ` My brother just needed help , and now he is dead '	Debbie Plotnick : James Boyd was homeless man , mentally disturbed , shot by cops Program that trains cops to deal with mentally ill might have helped , she says She says such education improves outcomes , reduces injuries , death , jail time Plotnick : Why is n't every police force across the country offering the program ?
CNN  -- Philadelphia 's 218 public schools may not open on time in September unless the district receives $ 50 million from the city by Friday , Superintendent William Hite says . Hite gave the city the ultimatum after the layoff of close to 3,800 employees this summer due to a "  drastic financial shortfall . " The massive layoffs included aides , assistant principals , social workers and arts teachers . If the city does n't pay up by Friday , Hite says , the district may not be able to open all 218 schools for a full-day program on September 9 . "  Without the funds to restore crucial staff members , we can not open functional schools , run them responsibly or provide a quality education to students , " Hite said . Mayor Michael Nutter called it one of "  the most chilling " statements he had ever heard a superintendent make , but he said stands "  shoulder to shoulder " with Hite and will not allow schools to open with the staff that he can currently afford . Hite and Nutter have urged the City Council to extend a 1 % sales tax to make up the difference but -- despite approval from the General Assembly and Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett -- City Council President Darrell L. Clarke says he would rather focus those funds on the city 's critical pension problem . If the city does not solve the retirement fund issues , Clarke said , Philadelphia could quickly follow in the footsteps of other major cities with significant financial problems . As an alternative , Clarke proposed the city purchase the school district 's surplus vacant real estate for $ 50 million and sell the property to developers who could turn it into potential job producers . Hite does not believe that will bring the district closer to financial stability , according to Fernando Gallard , spokesman for the school district . Hite and Nutter are also negotiating a contract with the local teachers ' union , hoping to save money by asking teachers to make concessions on certain benefits . Because there has been no agreement with the union , $ 45 million in aid from the state previously allocated to the school district is being withheld . Once the negotiations are complete the funding will be released , Budget Secretary Charles Zogby said Tuesday . With Hite 's Friday deadline looming , Mayor Nutter said he believes opening the school district without the necessary funding would be "  irresponsible . " "  We have what we have and we fight another day to get more , " Nutter said .	The superintendent of Philadelphia public schools gives an ultimatum If the district does n't get $ 50 million by Friday , schools wo n't open on time The district had to lay off 3,800 employees this summer due to a financial shortfall Philadelphia 's mayor call 's the ultimatum "  chilling " ; he backs the superintendent
Rolling Stone  -- Menace and mirth can cancel each other out . But the combo clicked in 1985 's "  Fright Night "  banish the 1988 sequel  , and it clicks again in this frisky 3D remake . For that , bow to Colin Farrell . He 's hot stuff as a vampire named Jerry  really  who moves next door to teenage Charley  Anton Yelchin  and his single mom  Toni Collette  . Video : Peter Travers Reviews Fright Night in "  At the Movies With Peter Travers " Jerry can do his undead nasty on Charley 's buddy  Christopher Mintz-Plasse  and glamour Charley 's girl  Imogen Poots  and still tickle you with terror . Damn , that Farrell is good . So is David Tennant  "  Doctor Who "  as Peter Vincent , a tacky Vegas magician Charley enlists to kill Jerry . The young lovers are "  Twilight " bland next to the power punch of Farrell and Tennant . The Best and Worst Movies of 2011 -- So Far Director Craig Gillespie  "  Lars and the Real Girl "  is wise to just turn them loose . Voilà ! Black magic . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Colin Farrell is hot stuff as a vampire named Jerry David Tennant as Peter Vincent is the tacky Vegas magician enlisted to kill Jerry Director Craig Gillespie is wise to turn Farrell and Tennant loose
CNN  -- I 'm reading a terribly sad book these days . It 's a book that I thought would uplift me during the doldrums of second-year medical school , and renew in me a sense of hope . It 's called "  The Audacity to Win , " and it 's a memoir of Barack Obama 's 2008 presidential campaign . When I 'm finished with my patient write-ups at night and get into bed , the book returns me to a time when politics inspired millions and speeches could take your breath away . The election turned out to be a landslide , and news anchors paused to reflect on the historic nature of the hour . My classmates cried with joy , and my parents saved every newspaper they could find . A young team of visionaries was headed for the White House , and the nation was ready for change . During Obama 's transition to office in 2008 , he had an 82 % approval rating . There was something in the air . And then I close the book . Cutting to the present is a rude awakening , like snapping out of a dream . It 's hard to remember those days of optimism -- they seem a distant memory , a sad reminder of opportunities gone by . Change indeed happened , in the years since I cast my first ballot . It was simply nothing I could have imagined . I credit Obama with great and varied accomplishments , from the passage of the Affordable Care Act to our military exit from Iraq , the end of "  do n't ask do n't tell , " to the killing of Osama bin Laden . Moreover , I believe that partisan obstructionism has upended too many efforts to push our nation forward : immigration reform , a public option for health care , and closing the base at Guantanamo Bay , among others . But , after the countless times in which I have found myself defending the Obama administration to colleagues and peers , I 've reached a limit to the explanations that I can provide . I 've reached a point of political despair . Republican obstructionism can not explain allowing the bugging of foreign leaders , nor having drones strike innocent children overseas . It can not explain having the National Security Agency collect data on the private lives of Americans , nor prosecuting whistle-blowers who reveal government wrongdoing . It can not account for assassinating Anwar al-Awlaki , an American citizen , without a trial , nor shirking public funding and spending limits during presidential campaigns . It can not justify the findings of a report that says the White House 's efforts to silence the media are the "  most aggressive ... since the Nixon Administration " . And , most recently , it can not excuse the failure to design a simple website more than three years since the Affordable Care Act was signed into law . I do n't know if this is what I should have expected . If , at 18 years old , I was supposed to figure out that governance may contradict the political campaigns that precede it . Obviously , elective office is n't a predictable course , as the opposing political party and random events , such as the Newtown massacre , will shape our public conversation . Yet , of all of the examples that I have listed above , they largely seem to be of the administration 's own choosing . That is what troubles me most of all . I voted for Obama again in 2012 , but not because I was excited by his candidacy . Mitt Romney presented a confusing and unrefined alternative who could not seem to lock down his policies or his positions . I felt that a second term for Obama , free from the pressures of future elections , would fulfill the hope that we had heard of for so long . Still , as Obama 's approval rating sank below 45 % this week , returning to 2008 through that book has become that much harder . It makes me yearn for the many promises that disappeared . This week I was reading the portion of the book describing how Obama suffered a huge loss to Clinton in the Pennsylvania primary . At a post-mortem campaign meeting , he told his staff that they needed to get back on track and stay true to the purpose of their cause . " ' I want us to get our mojo back , ' he said . ` We 've got to remember who we are . ' " It 's five years later , Mr. President , and I could n't agree with you more . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nathaniel Morris .	Nathaniel Morris : I voted for President Obama twice , sharing hope in possibility of change He says Obama has had worthy efforts thwarted by GOP obstructionism Morris : Obstructionism ca n't excuse Obamacare website woes , drone attacks Morris : Obama 's 2008 campaign memoir is a sad reminder of what might have been
CNN  -- WWE superstar wrestler Darren Young publicly came out as gay during an unplanned interview with the news entertainment website TMZ late Wednesday . He is the first openly gay wrestler in the organization -- which is the premier professional wrestling company -- according to a tweet by WWE Executive Vice President Stephanie McMahon . Young made the statement while at an airport baggage carrousel in Los Angeles after being asked if "  a gay wrestler could be successful within the WWE . " "  Absolutely . Look at me . Ya know . I 'm a WWE superstar and to be honest with you , I 'll tell you right now , I 'm gay . And I 'm happy . I 'm very happy , " Young said in response to the question . The revelation , which is not thought to be part of the wrestler 's onscreen character , apparently caught the cameraman off guard . He stumbled over his response . "  Man , that 's in ... that 's ... sorry . I 'm kinda ' of flabbergasted man . I think ... I did n't know and obviously I think that 's just ... I commend your bravery , " the cameraman said . "  I do n't think it matters . Does it matter ? Does it matter to you ? ... Does it change what you think about me ? " Young rhetorically asked after making the statement . "  Not an iota , " TMZ 's cameraman said . "  In fact I commend you even more that you would share something so beautiful and personal with me . " "  We 're all adults . All sports are physical . When I come to work , I come to work , " Young said . "  Business is business . " He added , "  Some people might not like it , and some people will like it . When contacted by CNN for comment , World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. , said , " -LSB- The -RSB- WWE is proud of Darren Young for being open about his sexuality , and we will continue to support him as a WWE Superstar . " On Thursday , Young was expected to participate in an anti-bullying event in Los Angeles "  to teach children how to create positive environments for everyone regardless of age , race , religion or sexual orientation , " WWE added in its statement . While Young 's public disclosure made headlines , he is not the first wrestler to come out . In a posthumously released 2011 book , WWE and WCW star Chris Kanyon wrote about being both a gay man and pro wrestler . He committed suicide in April 2010 after battling with mental illness .	Darren Young made the revelation in an impromptu interview on TMZ late Wednesday "  I 'm gay . And I 'm happy , " he said when asked whether a gay wrestler could succeed in WWE WWE says it is "  proud of Darren Young for being open about his sexuality " Young was expected to participate in an anti-bullying event in Los Angeles on Thursday
CNN  -- The oil spill on the Gulf Coast has states and visitors bureaus working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida Oil has affected sections of Pensacola Beach and Perdido Key beaches , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . Photos from the area showed patches of dark , syrup-like oil on the white sand . Pensacola Beach is open , but the waters from the Park West recreation area to the area just west of Portofino are closed to all swimming and wading until further notice because of large quantities of emulsified oil in shore waters and along the shoreline , the bureau said . "  The shoreline and water along Santa Rosa Sound on the north side of the island is still clean , clear and open for swimming , " according to the bureau 's website . iReport : Share your photos of affected beaches The beaches in Fort Walton Beach , Destin and Okaloosa Island are open to the public , and the air quality is good , according to the Emerald Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau , which represents the three destinations . "  Depending on the wind direction , tar balls may float ashore in Destin or Ft. Walton Beach later in the week , but cleaning crews are standing by , " the bureau 's website said . Pebble-sized tar balls have been washing ashore on some beaches of south Walton County . The local health department has also issued a health advisory for the area stretching from the Miramar Beach Access eastward to the end of Topsail Hill State Preserve . All beaches remain open , according to the Walton County Tourist Development Council 's website . Meanwhile , small scattered tar balls and oil patches have affected Panama City Beach , but the beaches are open and the swimming is still safe , the area 's visitors bureau website said . "  Our sugary white sand beaches are open for the enjoyment of our guests and , as of now , we are seeing only intermittent impact , " according to the bureau . iReport : A slick trip to Perdido Key Dime-size to 5-inch tar balls continue to wash up in widely scattered areas of northwest Florida , but all of the state 's beaches remain open , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . Gulf Islands National Seashore All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites , which are in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the National Park Service 's website said . But several spots have been affected by the oil spill . A health advisory is in effect from Walkover 23 on Pensacola Beach , Florida , to the west tip of Santa Rosa Island including Fort Pickens . This advisory extends to the Perdido Key area , including Johnson Beach . "  Because of significant quantities of oil in the water and coming ashore signage and flags advise visitors to not wade or swim in the water , " according to the park . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama Gulf Shores and Orange Beach have experienced significant oiling , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  The beaches are open and visitors are still welcome to sunbathe and walk the beach , but we strongly suggest they swim in a pool or enjoy our many off-beach activities , " the site said . The Alabama Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan , and in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou and Old River . Grand Isle , Louisiana The oil 's biggest impact in Louisiana is on the portion of the coast from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east , according to a state emergency website . "  Most of the Louisiana Gulf Coast , 70 percent , is unaffected by the oil spill and remains open for commercial and recreational fishing , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said .	Oil affects sections of Pensacola Beach and Perdido Key beaches Some waters closed to swimming because of emulsified oil along the shoreline All of Florida 's beaches are still open , including tourist hot spots Panama City and Destin Health officials have issued advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters
CNN  -- Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa , whose hands and feet were amputated in a bid to save her from a deadly and little-known illness , died early Saturday , two friends of the model told CNN . Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa died Saturday after undergoing multiple amputations . "  Unfortunately Mari could n't resist any longer . She passed away at 3 a.m. today , " Henrique Fontes , executive director of Miss World Brazil , said in an e-mail to CNN . Renato Lindgren , a friend of the model who runs a blog dedicated to her , confirmed da Costa 's death . On his blog , Lindgren wrote that he and other friends were going to the hospital . "  On behalf of all the family , we are grateful for the support and the affection that the entire world has sent to us , " he wrote . Da Costa , 20 , had fought a pernicious disease that has ravaged her body and forced doctors to perform the amputations and extract part of her stomach as well as both kidneys . She had been breathing through a respirator , officials at Dorio Silva Hospital in the Brazilian state of Espirito Santo said Friday . Da Costa suffered from necrosis , or the fast deadening of tissue , caused by septicemia . Septicemia , triggered by a bacterial infection , causes insufficient blood flow that can lead to organ failure . Da Costa first sought medical advice after feeling ill in late December . Hospital officials said she was transferred to Dorio Silva on January 3 in "  septic shock , " a serious medical condition caused by an inflammation . Da Costa was first diagnosed as suffering a urinary tract infection . By the time the infection was detected , it had developed into septicemia . Doctors decided to amputate first her hands and then her feet after the condition reduced the amount of oxygen being delivered to her limbs . Just less than one month ago , da Costa was a healthy young woman well on the way to achieving her dream of becoming a world class model . She placed sixth in the Miss Bikini International competition in China last year and took first place for the "  Best in Swimsuit " category . In 2007 and 2008 , she came fourth in the contest to become Brazil 's entrant for the Miss World pageant . Thiago Simoes , da Costa 's fiance , said she was on her way to international stardom , signing with prominent model scout Dilson Stein , who brought Brazilian models , including Gisele Bundchen and Luize Altenhofen , to the world stage . "  All the agencies were very interested in knowing her . I know for a fact that they would have loved her because Mariana is beautiful , " Stein told Brazil 's Tribuna newspaper . Simoes told CNN that da Costa woke up from a coma 10 days ago and told him how much she wanted to be alive . "  She told me she was praying to stay alive , that she still had a lot to do on this earth , that she wanted to go on with her plans , " he said . "  She comes from a humble family and she was the main breadwinner , " said Simoes , who refuted rumors that da Costa was dieting and that might have affected her health . "  She never dieted , never took pills ... she is a very simple , very warm human being , " he said . A doctor who recently published an article in The New England Journal of Medicine on the disease , told CNN that little was known about the illness , although it is the tenth leading cause of deaths in the United States . "  We know a lot about what happens once a patient contracts the illness but we know very little about what causes it , " said Dr. Greg Martin of Emory University in Atlanta . Martin said sepsis is a "  response " to an infection that can cause the immune system to lose its balance . "  Basically , the immune system goes haywire after contracting an infection and begins to overreact , " he said . Men are more susceptible than women , Martin said . News of da Costa 's condition spread quickly throughout Brazil and then worldwide . A message on her Web site said that the volume of traffic had caused it to crash , and that the site had received more than 15,000 hits in two days . "  The whole world , I repeat , the whole world is touched by the case of Mariana , " it said . The message said they had received "  e-mails of solidarity from all corners of the world : Australia , Ukraine , Czech Republic , France , Italy , USA , Russia , etc. " CNN 's Hilary Whiteman and Helena de Moura contributed to this report .	NEW : Brazilian amputee model Mariana Bridi da Costa died early Saturday Da Costa 's hands , feet were amputated after she contracted septicemia Da Costa placed sixth in the Miss Bikini International competition in China
CNN  -- According to a leading senator , it presented "  an intolerable risk " to national security . According to a consortium of retired generals , it would "  break " the U.S. military . And according to a leading advocacy group , over "  528,000 " servicemen and women would be lost . Something this terrible must be averted . We must take action now ! Except it is too late . The scary danger that these generals , John McCain , and the Family Research Council were warning about was n't a future terrorist attack or war with China , it was allowing gay and lesbian service men and women to openly serve in the U.S. military . That "  grave risk " is now celebrating its one year anniversary , and none of the dire predictions proved correct . News : One year later , no overall negative impact on military after repeal of DADT "  Do n't ask , do n't tell " was one of the most controversial issues in American politics , with tens of thousands of articles and speeches on the topic . And yet , once it happened , it played out a lot like Y2K . There was a huge amount of hype and hysteria , but the world did not end . Far from the U.S. military being broken by allowing gays to serve openly , a recent report by a group of U.S. military school professors writing for the Palm Center found , "  The repeal of DADT has had no overall negative impact on military readiness or its component dimensions , including cohesion , recruitment , retention , assaults , harassment or morale . " The U.S. military today has the same level of readiness as it did in 2011 . It did n't have over half a million servicemen exit in protest , as these opponents claimed would happen . In fact , only two service members resigned , neither of them combat troops . Recruitment is just as high now as then . And when the CIA recently did an assessment of the risks to American national security , they found dangers that ranged from loose nukes to terrorism . Gays and lesbians in uniform did n't make it into the threat matrix . Politics : The grades are in -- Obama 's first-term report card Those who predicted doom ignored that the military of today is staffed by young , millennial men and women who do not share the anti-gay sentiments of previous generations . They ignored empirical research , drawn from over half a century of evidence gathered by independent researchers and the U.S. military itself . They ignored the experiences of allied militaries in places like the UK , Australia , and Israel , all of which found that open service would not be destructive . They ignored that planning and leadership are the keys to successful policy change , and that the U.S. military excels at both . Simply put , their predictions of peril were endemic of the "  post-truth " practice so common in politics today : hype and hysteria as a poor substitute for facts and substance . That DADT 's end has been a relative non-story is the best evidence of how the transition to allowing open service has been an unmitigated success by all measures . But the experience of the last year is still instructive to keep in mind . The journey does not end here . Only one year in , the policy could easily be overturned or mismanaged into something less successful . Indeed , there are still some who appear interested in returning to the past and forcing troops back into the closet . The 2012 Republican National Convention platform called for a "  review " of such policies , while Mitt Romney has sent mixed signals on his personal position . When running for U.S. Senate in Massachusetts , he supported "  gays and lesbians being able to serve openly and honestly in our nation 's military , " but when running for president he argued that the policy should not have been changed to allow it "  until conflict was over . " It is also useful to keep the experience on "  do n't ask , do n't tell " in mind , when the same tactics are used in other debates . Indeed , many of the very same people are at it once more on topics that range from the role of women in the military to budget cuts . These too are again "  the most destructive thing in the world " and would "  destroy the military . " If we are ever going to push past the poisonous political climate of today , we have to start turning to the facts to build our positions , and when we genuinely disagree in our opinions , stop painting the other as hell bent only on total destruction and treason . News : Army general is military 's first openly gay flag officer Perhaps that is the biggest lesson of looking back on the differences between the hype back then of ending DADT and the reality today . Our political leaders can continue to speak the language of the extreme . Or , they can just show a little bit of faith in the resilience and maturity of both the American military and the people they represent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter W. Singer and Aaron Belkin .	Peter Singer , Aaron Belkin : The big "  scare " over DADT repeal a year ago was unfounded Writers : New report says readiness , cohesion , morale , recruitment unaffected by repeal They say last year 's uproar by some were hype , hysteria in place of facts and substance Writers : Election could affect change . RNC platform calls for "  review ; " Romney waffles
New York  CNN  -- The American "  sport " of competitive eating capped off its signature battle royale in New York on Wednesday with the apparent triumph of two defending champions . Joey "  Jaws " Chestnut and Sonya "  The Black Widow " Thomas each fended off would-be challengers during Nathan 's annual hot dog-eating competition in Brooklyn . In an event likely to repulse most vegetarians , Chestnut tied his record by scarfing down 68 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes . It marks the California native 's sixth win at the competition , tying his former rival , Japanese eating icon Takeru Kobayashi , who did not compete due to a contract dispute . Why gorge on hot dogs when people are starving ? Thomas also successfully defended her title , setting a new women 's world record after downing 45 hot dogs and buns . That smashed her previous record of 41 , which she set last year . But in a similar showdown in the same New York borough , Kobayashi scarfed down 68.5 hot dogs and buns in the same amount of time in an all-you-can-eat event meant to rival the Nathan 's contest . It 's not clear whether the two competitions have similar rules that allow for half counts . Chestnut and Thomas attended the weigh-in for the Nathan 's contest on Tuesday , with Chestnut coming in at 210 pounds and Thomas marking 100 pounds on the scale . "  The Black Widow " used her tried-and-true method to down the dogs . "  My technique is I dunk two hot dogs in the water cup and then eat , " she said Tuesday . The contest started nearly a century ago as a sideshow on the notorious boardwalk in Coney Island . But all that changed when Nathan 's Famous Restaurant saw the draw it had for the boardwalk , and especially the eatery . Up until last year , men and women held contests together , but now have separate divisions . America celebrates Independence Day "  It 's an American institution , " said George Shea , who along with his brother , Richard Shea , and partner David Baer took competitive eating to a new level . "  America is able to celebrate freedom -- its rights , its freedoms , all of the joys that comes with that -- by eating hot dogs in the most absurd practice ever in mankind 's history . " The three introduced the coveted mustard yellow championship belt , arranging for ESPN to telecast the competition live and promoting the "  eaters " as professional athletes . In addition to Nathan 's Famous Fourth of July International Hot Dog Eating Contest , the Sheas have organized other competitions , which they 've dubbed Major League Eating . Other contests include oysters , hamburgers , cheese steak , baby back ribs , buffalo wings , jalapenos , asparagus , meatballs , catfish and corned beef . "  I have never been more excited , and I 'm not just saying that , " said Shea . "  When I see Joey Chestnut -- he 's an American hero , people flock around him . They flock around Sonya . I get goosebumps on my hands and realize the Fourth of July is here . " In past years , Major League Eating hyped up the gastric rivalry between Chestnut and Kobayashi , a serial holder of the mustard yellow belt . Kobayashi set his first record at his debut Nathan 's competition in 2001 by eating 50 hot dogs in 12 minutes . He went on to take home the title through 2006 . In the years since , he has n't participated because of a contract dispute with Major League Eating , which placed restrictive limits on endorsement and remuneration , his representatives said . The Japanese eating legend did not want to play along , they said . In 2010 , Kobayashi was arrested when he stormed the stage at the competition . Last year , he contested from afar . On the roof of a Manhattan bar , Kobayashi polished off 69 hot dogs and buns to the tune of a crowd chanting "  Kobi ! Kobi ! " as the official Nathan 's contest played on a television beside him , unofficially beating Chestnut 's record . This year , Kobayashi participated in an event titled Crif Dogs , a newer New York hot dog institution , which started in 2001 . The Crif Dog Classic took place at Roberta 's , a restaurant with its own growing reputation in Brooklyn 's trendy Bushwick neighborhood . "  You know we have asked Kobi probably two dozen times to come sit ... we have said let 's sit , let 's figure this out ; we owe the world a rematch , " Shea said . "  He does n't want to do that , I respect him . " Despite other competitions , he said , no one can challenge Nathan 's . Addressing crowds at the weigh-in Tuesday , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg got in the spirit , rattling off a string of hot dog puns -- "  dogged , " "  catch up , " "  cut the mustard " and "  pronounced wiener . " Taking a roller coaster ride back in time at Coney Island The third-term mayor then quickly offered his frank assessment of the speech , blasting his writers with relish . "  Who wrote this sh ** ? " Bloomberg asked , sparking a wave of laughter at City hall CNN 's Kristina Sguelia , Brian Vitagliano and Hussein Saddique contributed to this report	Takeru Kobayashi scarfs down 68.5 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes Joey Chestnut ties his world record , downing 68 hot dogs in 10 minutes It was Chestnut 's sixth win in the annual Nathan 's contest Sonya Thomas won the women 's contest , breaking her record of 41 dogs and buns
CNN  -- A non-contagious , fungal form of meningitis has sickened 26 people in five states , killing four , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday . Five additional cases were reported in Tennessee , health officials said Tuesday . The total number of cases in that state is 18 . Three cases have been reported in Virginia , two each in Florida and Maryland and one in North Carolina , the CDC said . Two people have died in Tennessee , one in Virginia and one in Maryland . All of those infected had received steroid injections to the spine . Tennessee : Meningitis outbreak investigated The Tennessee victims range in age from 49 to 89 , state Health Commissioner Dr. John Dreyzehner said Wednesday . Department spokesman Woody McMillin said Tuesday 11 patients were hospitalized . "  The prime suspect for this outbreak is methylprednisolone acetate , " Dreyzehner said Wednesday . Methylprednisolone acetate is an injectible steroid product used to treat pain and inflammation . Food and Drug Administration officials identified the manufacturer as New England Compounding Center  NECC  , which conducted a voluntary recall of three lots of methylprednisolone acetate 80mg/mlinjection produced at NECC . The lot numbers are # 05212012@68, # 06292012@26 and # 08102012@51 . The FDA continues to work with state health departments and the Massachusetts Board of Pharmacy to investigate the scope and cause of the outbreak of the fungal meningitis , according to FDA spokesperson Erica Jefferson . "  We expect to see more cases , " Dreyzehner said , noting the infection can take up to 28 days to develop . Three pain treatment centers in Tennessee received the steroids that were part of the three recalled lots , officials said . They are the Specialty Surgery Center in Crossville , Tennessee ; the PCA Pain Care Center in Oak Ridge , Tennessee ; and the St. Thomas Outpatient Neurosurgery Center in Nashville . Biopsies from two patients are consistent with the aspergillus fungus found in another patient , according to Dreyzehner , but he was careful to note that the findings need to be confirmed by the CDC . The investigation is ongoing and evolving , he said . "  Though we are closer to identifying the cause , we have not concluded there is one factor at this time . " The investigation is also looking at anesthetic or the antiseptic as possible causes of infection , he said . The dates of the investigation have also been widened , and now include patients treated between July 1 and September 20 . "  We are casting a wider net as a precaution , " Dreyzehner said . The Nashville facility contacted 737 patients who had lumbar epidural steroid injections between July 30 and September 20 , health officials said previously . What is meningitis ? The facility was temporarily closed on September 20 and will remain closed until investigating authorities "  are confident the current concerns have been resolved , " the health department said . Between 100 and 200 patients at the Crossville facility may have been exposed or put at risk because of lumbar injections during the same time period , according to McMillin . No cases have been identified from the Oak Ridge facility , Dreyzehner said . Meningitis is a general term for swelling of the protective membranes that cover the brain and spine . The swelling is typically caused by an infection of the fluid surrounding the brain and spinal cord that can be caused by bacteria , viruses , parasites or fungus , although meningitis also be caused by injury , cancer or medications . For this type of meningitis , symptoms include worsening to severe headache , nausea , dizziness and fever , Dreyzehner said . Other symptoms can include slurred speech , unsteady gait , urinary retention , weakness and sensory deficit . 6 places germs breed CNN 's Miriam Falco , Saundra Young and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : FDA releases lot numbers for recalled product The total number of cases is now 26 Four people have died "  We expect to see more cases , " says Tennessee 's health commissioner
CNN  -- As we gear up for the 71st annual Golden Globe Awards on Sunday , allow us to turn the focus to the real winners of the show : besties Tina Fey and Amy Poehler . Ever since the pair impressed viewers with their hosting capabilities , there have been calls for them to helm any and all such events . It seems like fans ca n't get enough of their hilarity , and all eyes will once again be on them to keep the Globes flowing . In honor of the BFFs whose friendship and careers have been pretty impressive , here are five trivia facts about Tina Fey , Amy Poehler , and the duo that is TAmy  as we like to call them , because that 's what you do with beloved Hollywood couples  . Tina Fey : 1  You really could call her Liz Fey will always be known as the woman who gave us the quirky character of Liz Lemon on "  30 Rock . " But did you know that her real name is Elizabeth Stamatina Fey ? 2  And just like Liz Lemon ... She 's a self-described "  supernerd , " having spent her teen years hanging out at game nights instead of dating . 3  She made ` Saturday Night Live ' history In addition to being one of the stars of the late-night comedy show , the show 's creator and producer Lorne Michaels hired Fey as a writer in 1995 , and she would later become the show 's first female head writer . 4  Fey is a ` Mean Girl ' One of the greatest achievements we would like to thank her for is writing the script for the now almost cult classic 2004 film , "  Mean Girls . " Fey also appeared in the movie as Ms. Norbury . 5  '30 Rock ' had a family connection Fey is married to composer Jeff Richmond , who wrote music for her hit NBC show . The couple are the parents of two daughters . Special coverage : Awards season 2014 Amy Poehler : 1  She 's got a theater in New York City Poehler is one of the co-founders of New York 's Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre , which sprang from the original improv group in Chicago where she got her start . The theater offers affordable comedy shows and Poehler has been known to pop up here and there in more than a few . 2  Poehler is tied to history The actress made her "  SNL " cast member debut on the first show after 9/11 . 3  She 's also made some history Snagging a gig on "  SNL " is n't easy , but Poehler managed to be promoted from bit player to full cast member in her first season -- the first woman to do so . 4  Girl power ! She may be a celeb , but Poehler is n't too big to take it to YouTube with her Amy Poehler 's Smart Girls series , where she interviews interesting women and answers questions from fans . 5  Fey has her beat The "  Parks & Rec " actress has never won an Emmy , though she and Fey have competed against one another for best actress in a comedy series four times . Neither has won in those years , though Fey won in 2008 before Poehler was nominated . Keep up to date with the Awards tracker The pair : 1  Improv brought them together The aspiring actresses met in a 1993 improv class where Poehler was reportedly impressed by Fey 's joke about Catherine the Great . 2  They are used to working together Ever since Poehler became co-anchor with Fey of SNL 's "  Weekend Update " in 2004 they have worked together , including in the 2009 film "  Baby Mama . " 3  Flip sides of the mommy coin Both women take motherhood very seriously and have spoken lovingly of their roles as moms . But while Fey has two daughters , Poehler has two sons . 4  People like them together An evening with the pair was once auctioned , raising $ 72,000 for charity . 5  You will be seeing more of them The Golden Globes organizers were smart enough to lock Fey and Poehler in to a two-year contract to host the show .	Guess how Tina Fey and Amy Poehler met ? The pair will be hosting the next two Golden Globes shows Fey has Poehler beat in at least one award category
CNN  -- Barring a surprise , the next big round of Apple announcements are coming June 2 . The company has announced the dates for its next Worldwide Developers Conference  WWDC  , an annual event where Apple gives the press and developers a peek at its latest projects . Because it 's a conference for application developers , the big unveilings tend to focus on operating systems and software , so do n't bet on any major iPhone or iPad announcements . Desktop and laptop lines may get a refresh at the event , however . Last year , Apple announced the latest version of its desktop operating system , OS X Mavericks , and a heavily redesigned update to the mobile operating system , iOS 7 . They also gave us the first peek at the cylindrical Mac Pro . This year Apple will likely preview iOS 8 , the updated operating system for iPhones and iPads . One rumored new feature is Healthbook , a hub for health and fitness apps that take advantage of all the sensors packed into the mobile devices . There 's also good chance we 'll get an update to OS X , following up Mavericks with a new Mac operating system , 10.10 . Apple could also update the MacBook , iMac and MacBook Air with new , faster processors . The MacBook Air might finally get "  retina display , " Apple 's term for its high-res screens . The long rumored iWatch could also make its debut at this event , although that seems unlikely . But Apple is notoriously secretive and might still be able to slip in a few surprises . WWDC lasts five days , running from June 2 to 6 . For consumers , the real action happens during the opening keynote when CEO Tim Cook and select Apple executives take the stage to give a choreographed pep talk and demonstration of new products . After the splashy news announcements , developers from around the world attend sessions , classes and talks to learn the nitty-gritty details of creating programs for the various operating systems . They get one-on-one time with Apple engineers and work hands-on with the new platforms . It 's also a huge networking event , peppered with meet-ups , open bars and parties . Apple says 1,000 Apple engineers and 5,000 developers attend WWDC . Most of the major tech companies with platforms host annual developers conferences . In addition to getting free news coverage , the companies can make tidy amounts of money on the events . WWDC costs $ 1,599 to attend , while this week 's Microsoft Build lasts three days and costs $ 2,095 , and Google I/O is three days and $ 900 . And on April 30 , Facebook is bringing back its one-day F8 developer conference after a hiatus .	Apple 's annual developers conference will take place June 2-6 in San Francisco The company traditionally makes operating system and software announcements at WWDC Apple could announce iOS 8 , a Mac OS X update , and refresh its line of desktops and laptops
Mashable  -- A day after Hulu Plus landed on Apple TV , another player in the streaming video market , Amazon , has released a viewing app for the iPad . The free Amazon Instant Video for iPad app hit the App Store Wednesday morning . The app lets you buy and stream videos from the company -- Amazon claims a library of 120,000 videos -- or , if you 're an Amazon Prime member , watch more than 17,000 of them for free . Another feature is offline viewing : You can download purchased and rented videos from Your Video Library and watch them when a Wi-fi connection is unavailable . That feature is already available for the Kindle Fire , but it has n't been for the iPad until now . At the moment , the iOS app is just for the iPad -- there 's no iPhone version . Amazon Instant Video was introduced in early 2011 and was initially available on Mac , PC , Roku , TiVo and a variety of Internet-connected TV and Blu-ray players . The service was seen as a competitor to Netflix and an enticement to further subscriptions for Amazon Prime , a $ 79 annual program that offers free shipping and free streaming video . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The free Amazon Instant Video for iPad app hit the App Store on Wednesday morning It lets you buy and stream videos from the company 's 120,000 videos This viewing app comes a day after Hulu Plus landed on Apple TV
CNN  -- About 15 years ago , when the United States was first experimenting with wide-ranging sanctions against Iran , an Iranian acquaintance remarked to me , "  I certainly hope Iran does n't become another Cuba . " At that point , the U.S. had imposed a total embargo on Cuba for more than three decades . As he said it , I detected that part of him could not believe that a rich and cultured nation on the other side of the globe could ever be treated like an island dictatorship off the American coast . But I also saw a glint of apprehension in his eyes as he considered for the first time how America 's vision of its own national interests could change when viewed through the prism of raw domestic politics . The cases are not at all the same . Yet today , Cuba has been under U.S. embargo for 50 years , and Iran has passed the 16-year mark . Cuba experienced a U.S.-sponsored invasion before the sanctions began . Iran is still waiting for its Bay of Pigs . When the Obama administration came into office , talk was all about "  smart sanctions . " President Obama 's foreign policy advisers had seen what indiscriminate sanctions had done to Iraq . Ordinary lives were destroyed and , in the words of a friend whose family was in Iraq , the entire middle class was criminalized , driven to smuggling and black-market dealings just to survive . The sanctions also created a sympathetic backlash with the Iraqi population and visceral anti-Americanism throughout the world . We were not going to make that mistake again . Instead , we would target sanctions only against the decision-makers and abusers . Yet today , the sanctions regime in Iran is resembling , more and more , the Iraqi and Cuban cases . We have arrived by a very different route . Instead of controlling all goods going into the country , we have ingeniously found ways of manipulating Iran 's banking system . That , together with regional boycotts , has the prospect of blocking a large proportion of Iran 's oil sales . In Iran there has been a run on the currency , food prices are soaring , and every single person is beginning to experience some form of economic pain . That has been the source of considerable public satisfaction in Washington and elsewhere . It is also reminiscent of the early stages of the Iraqi experience . Add to that the serial murders of civilian scientists , cybertampering with Iran 's centrifuges , flyovers of U.S. drones , and covert assistance to Iranian separatist groups . Forget the euphemisms . What would we think if a nation were doing all of this to us ? The benign image of sanctions as graduated pressure has been transformed . In reality , it is war with Iran in all but name . Until now , the threat of escalation has been a tool for promoting sanctions . I remember vividly my own experience in the White House during the original Iranian hostage crisis . At that time , President Carter and his National Security Council staff quite deliberately used the threat of a possible U.S. military action against Iran to encourage Europeans and other allies to adopt sanctions against Iran . The purpose of the sanctions was to persuade Iran to release the American diplomatic hostages . It did n't work . The threat of military action was , however , very effective in getting allies to take economic actions that were contrary to their own national interests . The thinking was that economic sanctions and boycotts , however disagreeable , were less costly than the outbreak of a military conflict in the oil-rich Persian Gulf . The same tactic was used by the George W. Bush administration to twist the arms of reluctant allies . The presence of such uber-hawks as Vice President Dick Cheney , U.N. Ambassador John Bolton and others , as well as the formal security doctrine of the administration to launch pre-emptive military attacks , gave the argument credibility . Upon the arrival of the Obama administration and its initial policy of engagement with Iran , the role of enforcer shifted to Israel . The first major media storm about an Israeli attack on Iran came in the final months of the Bush administration , when John Bolton predicted without qualification in an interview with The Daily Telegraph that Israel would launch its attack before Bush left office , on the grounds that the incoming administration would be less sympathetic to the idea . Since then , such predictions have become almost an annual event . Jeffrey Goldberg , writing in the Atlantic Monthly in September 2010 after extensive interviews with key Israelis , concluded that "  there is a better than 50 percent chance that Israel will launch a strike by next July , " 2011 . That date came and went . Then about a month ago , Israeli commentator Ronen Bergman wrote in The New York Times magazine that "  After speaking with many senior Israeli leaders and chiefs of the military and the intelligence , I have come to believe that Israel will indeed strike Iran in 2012 . " It is a bit ironic that Bergman spoke to the same individuals who had previously convinced Goldberg that a strike was coming in 2011 . Moreover , many of those interviewed openly expressed great doubt about the feasibility and wisdom of any such attack . This included the recently retired Mossad chief Meir Dagan and the former Israeli chief of staff Gabi Ashkenazi , who said that "  the Iranian threat was not as imminent " as some had suggested and that "  a military strike would be catastrophic . " But the article resonated powerfully , especially in an election year . Congress has been extremely active in trying to prevent the administration from pursuing negotiations . H.R. 1905 -- the Iran Threat Reduction Act of 2011 -- proposes to ban U.S. diplomats from contact with "  any Iranian official who poses a threat to the United States . " There is scarcely anyone in Iran who has not chanted "  Death to America " ; does that constitute a threat and disqualify that person from contact with American diplomats ? More recently , a proposed Sense of the Senate resolution tries to define the terms and acceptable objectives of any United States policy dealing with Iran : â $ cents It rejects "  any policy that would rely on containment as an option in response to the Iranian nuclear threat , " thus ruling out a policy that the United States used successfully against the Soviet Union . â $ cents It defines the U.S. "  red line , " where we would consider the use of force , not as Iranian possession of a nuclear weapon , but rather as an Iranian "  nuclear weapons capability , " which by many calculations Iran already has . â $ cents Finally , it sets as the objective of any negotiations "  the full and sustained suspension " of uranium enrichment by Iran . But Iran regards enrichment for peaceful purposes as a right conferred by the Non-Proliferation Treaty , and that principle is supported by a vast majority of the Iranian population , including even the reformist opposition . This resolution is not binding , and it does not yet have majority support in the Senate . However , it is apparently intended to be used as a centerpiece in the pro-Israeli AIPAC meeting that started this weekend in Washington . And it comes just at the moment when it appears that negotiations between Tehran and six major powers are likely to resume . There is an inevitability about sanctions imposed for political reasons . Serious negotiations and compromise are precluded , and the appetite for ever-stronger sanctions grows with the realization that past efforts were a failure . If you set an impossible objective and then begin imposing sanctions to achieve it , the result is always more sanctions , until you arrive at the point where there are no more sanctions and only force remains . We are approaching that point . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Sick .	Gary Sick : Sanctions against Iraq , Cuba harmed the whole population , not just leaders Sick : Sanctions against Iran causing anti-Americanism and ruining ordinary lives 16 years of Iran sanctions changed nothing , he says , amount to war in all but name Sick : When sanctions get harsher and harsher and do nothing , war becomes inevitable
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton endured a nightmare start to testing his new Mercedes after driving straight off the track at Jerez on his first day following a hydraulic problem Wednesday . The 2008 world champion , who left McLaren at the end of last season , was on his 15th lap of timed testing when his car went off the track and hit a barrier of tires . Hamilton 's accident , which prevented him from returning to action , follows teammate Nico Rosberg 's disastrous run which was ended by a minor fire Tuesday . Webber vows to battle Vettel for F1 title The German 's car was found to have been suffering with electrical problems , while Mercedes took to Twitter to give an update on Hamilton 's setback . "  Lewis suffered a loss of rear brake pressure , the front brakes enabled him to slow the car but he could n't avoid the barrier , " said Mercedes on Twitter . "  Obvious damage to the front wing and nose ; we 're checking the car over now . Lewis himself is fine . "  Update from Jerez , we have traced the problem to the hydraulic brake line connecting to the right-rear caliper . " Hamilton is expected to return to the track on Friday following the collision , which saw the car career on straight for some 70 meters at 280 kilometers per hour . Ferrari ready for Red Bull fight Meanwhile , Russian team Marussia has replaced Timo Glock with Brazil 's Luis Razia as its second driver for the 2013 season . The 23-year-old , who finished as runner-up in last season 's GP2 series , will partner fellow rookie Max Chilton when the campaign starts in Australia on March 17 . "  It 's fantastic to be back with the Marussia F1 Team and with pretty much the same group of people I worked with back in 2010 when I was reserve driver , " Razia told the Marussia website . Glock 's F1 future in doubt after leaving Marussia "  I am very proud to take the step up to a Formula 1 race seat , particularly with the team I began this journey with , since they helped show me what it takes to progress to the highest level . "  The past two seasons in GP2 have been all about proving that I have what it takes and that I 'm ready . "  I am also looking forward to the first race in Melbourne and I 'm excited to be racing alongside Max , who I competed against last season .	Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton crashes out of opening day of testing Wednesday Problem traced to the hydraulic brake line connecting to the right-rear caliper Marussia appoints Brazil 's Luis Razia as its second drive for new season Razia replaces Timo Glock and will partner Britain 's Max Chilton
CNN  -- Bayern Munich 's record winning start to the Bundesliga season came to an abrupt end Sunday as they were stunned 2-1 at home by Bayer Leverkusen . Going into the match at the Allianz Arena , Bayern had racked up eight straight wins , but a late own goal by their German international defender Jerome Boateng saw them slip to defeat . They still have a four-point lead at the top from Schalke , while Leverkusen have moved up to fifth . The visitors took the lead when Andre Schuerrle left striker Stefan Kiessling with a close range tap-in after 42 minutes . Bayern drew level with 13 minutes remaining as striker Mario Mandzukic headed home , but Leverkusen were to enjoy their first win in Munich since 1989 . Boateng 's attempted to head away a shot but it just flew past goalkeeper Manuel Neuer on 86 minutes . In other action , Eintracht Frankfurt missed the chance to move back above Schalke when they lost 2-1 at Stuttgart . Snow ca n't stop Dortmund victory Vedad Ibisevic scored Stuttgart 's winner for the second straight week . Alexander Meier had leveled for Frankfurt after Christian Gentner 's sixth-minute opener for the home side . Borussia Moenchengladbach came from two down to score three late goals in a 3-2 win at Hanover . In Serie A , champions Juventus maintained their lead at the top with a controversial 1-0 win at Catania , who finished with 10 men . Chilean star Arturo Vidal put Juve ahead after 57 minutes before Catania defender Giovanni Marchese was sent off mid-way through the second half . But the real arguments came in the first half as Catania thought they had gone ahead when Argentine striker Ruben Bergessio tapped home a rebound . The referee ruled it out to the fury of the home side and their president Antonino Pulvirenti , who was sent from the bench for dissent . Inter Milan kept up their pursuit of the Old Lady with their fifth straight win , 3-2 at Bologna to stay four points behind . Andrea Ranocchia and Diego Milito put Inter 2-0 ahead before Nicolo Cherubin hit back for the home side . Esteban Cambiasso 's first goal of the season sealed three points for the Nerazzurri . In La Liga , Atletico Madrid drew level on points with Barcelona at the top as man of the moment Radamel Falcao scored his 10th league goal of the season in their 3-1 win over Osasuna . Joao Miranda and Raul Garcia put Atletico 2-0 ahead in the Vincente Calderon Stadium before Roland Lamah pulled one back for Osasuna , who stay bottom of the table . Falcao sealed the three points 17 minutes from time . In the late match , reigning champions Real Madrid won 5-0 in Mallorca with Cristiano Ronaldo and Gonzalo Higuain both scoring twice . But they remained eight points adrift of the leading pair in fourth place .	Bayern Munich beaten 2-1 at home by Bayer Leverkusen First defeat in Bundesliga after eight straight wins Juventus stay top in Italy after 1-0 victory at Catania Atletico Madrid draw level on points with Barcelona in Spain
CNN  -- Manchester United midfield star Cristiano Ronaldo escaped injury after wrecking his Ferrari on the way to training on Thursday , the Premier League and European champions have confirmed . Ronaldo 's Ferrari was a complete write-off after his accident on the way to training . "  Cristiano was involved in an incident this morning . No other cars were involved , " a United club spokesman told PA Sport . "  He 's fine and is training as normal with the team this morning . " According to reports , the 23-year-old 's Portuguese international 's vehicle was written off in the crash . Greater Manchester Police said in a statement . "  At about 10.20 am police were called to the A538 Wilmslow Road near to Manchester Airport following reports of a road traffic collision . "  Officers attended and discovered a Ferrari had collided with a barrier . No one is believed to have been injured . Inquiries are continuing . " The accident happened in a tunnel near Manchester Airport with Sky News showing pictures of the badly damaged sports car . Reports said one of the wheels had come off in the incident and was found about 200 meters behind the vehicle . Ronaldo was able to climb out of the vehicle and was spoken to by police at the scene according to PA. . Ronaldo , in line to be crowned FIFA 's World Player of the Year later this month , made a substitute appearance on Wednesday night in the 1-0 League Cup semifinal first leg defeat at Derby County . United face a crunch Premier League clash on Sunday at Old Trafford against Chelsea -- the team they beat on penalties last year to become European champions . United have since been crowned world champions .	Portugal winger escapes injury after wrecking his Ferrari on way to training Manchester Utd . confirms accident , says Ronaldo later trained as normal Police : Car collided with a barrier
CNN  -- Brian Adkins , a newly assigned American diplomat in Ethiopia , was found dead last weekend at his home in the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa , an embassy spokesman and a senior State Department official told CNN . U.S. Embassy press officer Michael McClellan identified Adkins and said he was from Columbus , Ohio . He was 25 at the time of his death . "  He was found dead over the weekend and a criminal investigation is under way , " McClellan told CNN on Thursday . "  The Ethiopian federal police are investigating it . " Adkins , who would have turned 26 on Monday , received his undergraduate and graduate degrees from George Washington University , according to the school 's newspaper , the GW Hatchet , which reported his death . According to the newspaper , Adkins joined the State Department after receiving his master 's degree in 2007 . A State Department official , who declined to be named because of the ongoing investigation , said it was the diplomat 's first tour of duty as a foreign service officer . There were no apparent threats against him , and investigators were trying to determine whether he was the victim of a random crime . Adkins ' father , Dan Adkins , told CNN affiliate WBNS that his family worried about him , but Adkins assured them he would be safe at a guarded compound . His sister , Tiffany Cooper , said the family was struggling . "  It is hurting us . There is no closure . We have no idea how our brother died , " Cooper said . The GW Hatchet reported that Adkins moved to Ethiopia as part of a Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship , after studying the local language and culture for nearly a year . A GWU student and friend of Adkins described him as "  selfless , hardworking , confident , funny , charming , articulate , a scholar and a gentleman , " according to the newspaper . "  The world has lost someone who had so much to offer . I miss him tremendously , " senior Michael Geremia told the newspaper . "  When I received word of his death on Monday , which would have been his 26th birthday , a piece of me died in Ethiopia . " As a student , Adkins was active in the Knights of Columbus and the Newman Center , which are organizations run by the Catholic church , the paper reported . -- CNN 's Elise Labott and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	U.S. Embassy says a criminal investigation is under way Authorities found Brian Adkins dead over the weekend U.S. official says it was Adkins first tour of duty as a foreign service officer There were no apparent threats against Adkins
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani court on Tuesday dismissed blasphemy charges against Rimsha Masih , a Christian teenager whose case prompted international outrage . "  She is a free woman , like any ordinary citizen , " said Abdul Hameed Rana , one of Rimsha 's lawyers . The high court in the Pakistani capital of Islamabad found that the accusations against her were legally unsound , he said . Read more : Setback for Pakistani teen facing blasphemy charges The court 's decision follows weeks of uncertainty for Rimsha and her family , who were forced to go into hiding because of the furor surrounding the case . "  We welcome the courts ruling made under considerable pressure and international scrutiny , " said Mustafa Qadri , Amnesty International 's Pakistan researcher . "  This shows that law enforcement and justice officials in Pakistan are capable of dealing with high profile and dangerous cases when they show the will to do so . " Pakistan 's blasphemy laws "  do n't help protect religious harmony , " he said . "  The problem is that in law and in practice , this is a threat to all Pakistanis , not just Christians , not just minorities groups . " Rimsha 's ordeal began in August when she was arrested over allegations she had burned pages of the Quran , Islam 's holy book , for cooking fuel . She denied the charges , which carried the possible sentence of life in prison . Confusion still surrounds the events of the day when Rimsha was arrested . The accusations against her were made by a neighbor , who shouted in protest , drawing a crowd that grew angry over the allegations that pages of the Quran had been burned . Read more : Muslim cleric framed girl in Pakistan blasphemy case Some residents of the Islamabad neighborhood said the teenager was beaten . Others said she ran back home and locked herself inside . When police arrived , they arrested her . Her detention stirred up religious tensions in the predominantly Muslim country . It also generated fierce criticism of Pakistani authorities and renewed debate over the nation 's blasphemy laws . Human rights activists attacked the decision to put Rimsha into the adult criminal justice system , noting she was believed to be around 14 years old . She was later released on bail and her case was transferred to a juvenile court . The situation took a dramatic twist in September when police arrested a local imam over allegations he had framed Rimsha . According to police , witnesses said they had seen the Muslim cleric , Khalid Jadoon Chishti , tear pages out of a copy of the Quran and add them to the bag of ashes being cited as evidence against Rimsha . That case became more complicated last month when Chishti 's lawyers said that three of the witnesses had recanted their statements at a bail hearing . The case against Chishti will continue in district court following the high court ruling Tuesday , according to Rana , the lawyer for Rimsha . Explainer : Pakistan 's blasphemy laws Pakistan 's blasphemy laws were first instituted to keep peace between religions . But they have been criticized by human rights advocates , who say the laws enable legal discrimination against religious minorities . There have been about 1,400 blasphemy cases since the laws were first enacted in 1986 , according to Human Rights Watch . There are more than 15 cases of people on death row for blasphemy in Pakistan , and 52 people have been killed while facing trial for the charge , according to the organization . Rimsha and her family spoke to CNN in September from an undisclosed location after she was released on bail . The teen denied that she defiled the Quran . She said she was happy to be with her family , but feared for her life . "  I 'm scared , " she said by phone . "  I 'm afraid of anyone who might kill us . " Now that her case has been dismissed , it still remains unclear what kind of life she might be able to have , given the accusations she faced . Aid groups in the United States , Italy and Canada have offered the teen and her family a home outside Pakistan , a family representative said . But she has said she wants to stay in her home country . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	"  She is a free woman , like any ordinary citizen , " Rimsha Masih 's lawyer says The high court in Islamabad finds the accusations to be legally unsound She was accused of burning pages of the Quran for cooking fuel The case against an imam accused of framing her will continue in district court
CNN  -- We 'll let you finish , but The Muppets have the best Instagram account of all time . The feed was launched just over a month ago as part of a promotional push for their upcoming movie , "  Muppets Most Wanted . " But in between quippy posters and ads for the film , which is a sequel to 2011 's blockbuster "  The Muppets " with Jason Segel , there are ingenious "  selfies " from the Muppets crew . In fact , the first post was a coy snapshot from Kermit , Miss Piggy and Gonzo , with a filter in full effect : And the selfies grew more adorable -- and more hilarious -- from there : We now have evidence of the time Animal burst in on Beaker in the bathroom . And we know what Gonzo does after a hard day of stunts . "  Gonzo treated himself to a massage today to try to work out all of his stuntman kinks . Even weirdos need pampering . #bougielife #yolo , " reads the caption to this pic : The Muppets ' curmudgeonly yet lovable critics , Statler and Waldorf , are still trying to get the hang of taking the perfect selfie -- "  This is the fanciest calculator we 've ever seen ! " they were heard saying when the photo was taken -- while Rowlf is clearly a selfie king . From the Swedish Chef to Miss Piggy 's evil alter ego , everyone has gotten in on the first-person photo sessions . The only people noticeably missing from the account are the Muppets ' human co-stars in "  Muppets Most Wanted , " like Tina Fey , Ty Burrell and Ricky Gervais . As with the first "  Muppets " film , which also starred Amy Adams , Chris Cooper and Rashida Jones , the "  Muppets " sequel has plenty of human star power . In addition to Fey and Gervais , "  Muppets Most Wanted " also has appearances from Tom Hiddleston , Salma Hayek , Stanley Tucci and Lady Gaga . Directed by James Bobin , who also helmed the first film , "  Muppets Most Wanted " takes the fan-favorite characters to Europe , where they find themselves entangled in a jewel heist led by a Kermit the Frog doppelganger . The movie , which released a Super Bowl trailer earlier this month , arrives in theaters March 21 .	The Muppets now have an Instagram account The month-old feed is being used to promote the new Muppets movie Interspersed with posters and ads are "  selfies " from the Muppets cast The movie "  Muppets Most Wanted " comes out March 21
CNN  -- When makers of one of the most anticipated video games of the year invited users to help design part of the game , the gamers jumped at the chance to create animated characters . Users will have the option to incorporate other people 's "  Spore " designs or choose to block them all . But some took it upon themselves to create something entirely different : a new kind of Internet porn . It started when the makers of "  Spore " released a Creature Creator program that allowed users to develop their own characters to drum up hype before the game 's scheduled release in September . The game , a joint venture from "  Sims " creator Will Wright and Electronic Arts , allows users to create a unique creature and then control its evolution from a single cell into a complex cultural civilization . Within 24 hours of the Creature Creator 's release , gamers had gone creature-crazy , designing millions of critters that were all thrown into a database and shown on a YouTube channel for the public to see . But scrolling through the database -- past the three-legged sea horse , past the seven-eyed wildebeest and the half-motorcycle-half-pig -- revealed something many users did n't expect . Buried among the more wholesome attempts were two-legged dancing testicles , a "  giant breast monster " and a four-legged "  phallic fornication machine , " for starters . Watch Bradshaw demonstrate the "  Creature Creator " and "  Spore " " These naughty -- some would say obscene -- creations have spawned an Internet meme nicknamed "  Sporn , " short for "  Spore " porn . For EA , the developer of "  Spore , " it 's the downside to tapping into the booming user-generated content arena , which has made sites like YouTube , Flickr , MySpace , Facebook and Second Life so popular . These games and sites often allow people to create and host their own content in addition to creating cartoon personas , called avatars , for themselves . Many of the popular user-generated content sites have faced similar challenges in trying to control obscene material . In Second Life , users can read Slustler , a cyberporn magazine , or buy programs that allow them to have animated sex with other characters . "  Whether it 's modeling clay , dolls or crayons , a small number of people can be counted on to use it for something vulgar , " said Lucy Bradshaw , "  Spore 's " executive producer . Despite its "  Sporn " issues , "  Spore " is poised to become one of the most popular games because of its ability to let people tell their own story , rather than one mapped out for them , Bradshaw said . "  Rather than putting players in the shoes of Luke Skywalker or Frodo Baggins , we 're giving them the opportunity to be George Lucas or Peter Jackson , as they create their own universe from scratch , " she said . But for every George Lucas and Peter Jackson , there 's always a spoiler . Enter the Spornmaster , a 37-year-old Web developer who refused to give his name for this interview . He , like many others , has spent hours creating characters and turning them into sexual beings . "  It came up simply as something silly and juvenile to do , " he said . The creatures are not just static . Users can create animated scenarios for the characters to engage in , some of which include sexually graphic acts . When EA got word of the Sporn creations , it began working with YouTube to pull them down . Players who repeatedly upload "  offensive content " are warned , suspended and eventually banned , Bradshaw said . But the policing is n't restricted to EA and YouTube . Users also are able to flag and report content that they find offensive . That angered some content creators , who feel that they should be able to create whatever they want . "  It was a totally ridiculous overreaction , " the 37-year-old Web developer said . "  I admit it is silly and juvenile , but I do n't think there 's anything perverted , vile or awful about it . If people find it offensive , they can simply not search for it online . No one is forcing anyone to see this content . " In response , he created a site to preserve as many of his naughty creations as possible . He said many other creators of Sporn have told him that they too were only joking around . But the Web developer and other Sporn creators have had their share of critics . On blogs and message boards , some have called these creators perverts . "  I consider this very similar to child pornography , at least to the extent of distributing the material to children , " said 18-year-old Michael James from Calgary , Alberta . James said he has flagged about 10 of the "  disgusting " creations . EA plans to make sure nobody sees the content if they do n't want to , Bradshaw said . When playing "  Spore , " users will be given three choices regarding people 's creations : to receive no outside content , to receive content from buddies only or to receive all external content . Bradshaw hopes the sexual characters do n't spoil "  Spore " for everyone or get in the way of what she says is a revolutionary game . "  User-created content gives players total control over their game experience and empowers them to express their creativity in ways that they never thought possible , " Bradshaw said . "  It also gives them a powerful emotional connection to the game , since they 've created the world from scratch . " Miles Moffit , a gamer attending the University of Georgia who has created tons of "  clean " characters on his own , is glad to know EA will be regulating what makes it into the game . Moffit is eagerly awaiting the game 's September 7 release . And if by chance a Sporn character shows up in his virtual "  Spore " world , he has a plan . "  My initial reaction to discovering it in my final game would be to ban it so it would n't show up again and then blow it to pieces for the sheer satisfaction of it , " Moffit said . "  Go ahead , create a walking phallus . See how long it lasts in the databases and galaxies of ` Spore . ' "	Creature Creator allows gamers to design characters for new "  Spore " game Some users have created sexual creatures , now known as "  Sporn " "  Spore " maker EA is banning those who continue to upload offensive creations One Sporn creator : "  I do n't think there 's anything perverted , vile or awful about it "
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africans in the emerging middle class are becoming savvy consumers , now concerned with brands . They want information about products and they want it now . Skeptical about the messages of the mass media , they crave one-on-one interaction . That 's where "  zonal champions " come in . It 's a phrase coined by South African marketing agency The Creative Counsel , describing individuals who live , breathe and promote a brand in specific zones of South Africa . This is marketing turned upside down , but it works in Africa . While the rest of the world is utilizing social media to advertise commodities , The Creative Counsel is utilizing what it calls the "  traditional " type of social media -- word of mouth . Magdeline Mataboga is a zonal champion . She walks from home to home introducing members of her low-income community to a range of consumer brands . This is called below-the-line marketing and the target market is the lower-end consumer . In the African market you will find millions of these customers , who might have been overlooked in the past by big multinational businesses . Read this : ` Africa 's tallest building ' set for $ 10 billion tech city Zunaid Dinath , chief officer of sales and distribution at mobile communications company Vodacom , says : "  I think typically we 've always catered for the formal market and the upper end of the spectrum , but I think when you go to the lower end of the market ... there 's a huge opportunity there and they are the next value chain and the next million customers will come from there . " The Creative Counsel is a $ 50 million company helping multinationals to reach these million consumers ; through doing so they are pioneering African marketing solutions . Gil Oved , co-founder and co-CEO of The Creative Council , says : "  Multinational brands are coming from all over the world and they want in on Africa as is obvious , and agencies like ours are helping them engage a consumer in a new , inventive way , which is actually a very old traditional way . It 's one-on-one conversations . " And these conversations are taking place at every social event -- be it after church on a Sunday , after a sports match , at ladies clubs , or at stokvels or shisa nyamas -- unique South African social gatherings . Zonal champions will inform and educate members of the emerging middle class in South Africa on what to buy , and why they should buy it . This marketing strategy works in Africa because , as Ran Neu-Ner , co-founder and co-CEO of The Creative Counsel explains , African consumers "  will use something a friend has recommended or a sister or a brother or a parent or any relative has recommended . "  They 're quite wary and skeptical to try new things , " he adds . "  You need to bear in mind one thing -- their disposable income is very , very low , so they ca n't take chances , they ca n't buy something and if it does n't work go and replace it with a competitor , they do n't have the means , so they 've got to be 100 % certain that the purchase that they make , they 're comfortable with and it will fulfill their needs . " Read more : African consumers ` underestimated ' And to make sure the product will fulfill their needs , these consumers ask a trusted member of the community -- a zonal champion . Vodacom is one of The Creative Counsel 's clients ; it too utilizes zonal champions to spread its marketing message to consumers who are hard to reach . Shameel Joosub , Group CEO for Vodacom explains : "  In reaching your customers you need to reach them in different ways and one of the big things is that the traditional media does n't necessarily reach into the far more rural parts of a country ... so a lot of it has to be done through word of mouth and promotions . "  What we do is we hire people that actually go out into the different townships , into the different rural areas and really promote the product . They walk the streets and communicate , so they go to taxi ranks and places where people gather and really spend a lot of time promoting the product . " Nontando Vena is a Vodacom promoter who spends a lot of time at a taxi rank in a township called Soshanguve , north of Johannesburg . She says that this type of marketing is effective because it 's in a language that consumers understand . "  Because you sound like them mostly and they can relate , if they 've got any questions that need to be answered they 're able to approach you better , " she says . She says that her community members sometimes call her Miss Vodacom , because she represents the brand . For the community , a big multinational such as Vodacom now has a face and a voice and can give one-on-one advice on a daily basis . "  Zonal champions are n't like normal promoters , they do n't usually have working hours ... when you live and breathe a brand and you 're passionate about it , you do it 24/7 , 365 , " says Oved . Read More : Consumer giant targets Africa 's billion potential shoppers Apart from bridging the gap between the big multinational and the consumer this marketing strategy also provides employment opportunities for South Africans . Unemployment in South Africa remains a pressing issue , where more than 24 % of the citizens are unemployed . Neu-Ner says that they found a niche : "  We found that there 's a whole lot of people uneducated and previously probably unemployable , so to speak , and we found a methodology of training and managing these people so we can actually give them a job as a zonal champion or a brand champion , as someone who can drive a message into their communities . "  Typically our trainings are a day , two days , three or four days at maximum and the guys walk in with absolutely no sales knowledge , no knowledge of what a brand is , no marketing knowledge and they walk out doing things like using body language techniques to sell products . " But it 's about more than selling products . It 's about developing trust that will ultimately lead to sales . Oved explains : "  There 's a wonderful Zulu idiom , it goes , ` Isandla siya kezane , ' which means one hand washes the other . That is the kind of communal perspective that Africans have , which brands that come from all over the world need to understand . "  It means that if you 're a brand that needs to support me in the community , create employment opportunities , gives me real product information , I will support you and buy your product -- one hand washes the other . "  If brands can tap into that and build that trust , then they 'll win the African continent over . "	African consumers largely skeptical about traditional mass-media advertising "  Zonal champions " used by multinationals to promote brands through word of mouth They are locals who are trusted by their communities to recommend the right product This form of advertising gives employment opportunities to unskilled people
CNN  Fine starts to 2015 for world number one Rory McIlroy and his arch-rival Rickie Fowler , a superb 64 from first round leader Martin Kaymer and aces for England 's Tom Lewis and Spanish veteran Miguel Angel Jimenez . The first day of the HSBC Abu Dhabi Championship Thursday was nothing but eventful as a top class field jostled for position at the top of the leader board . Most eyes were on the partnership of McIlroy and his American rival Fowler , teeing off early at Abu Dhabi GC , and they did not disappoint , both carding five-under rounds of 67 . But last year 's U.S. Open champion Kaymer , a three-time winner at the venue , later upstaged them with a blistering eight-under 64 , which included 10 birdies , a personal best for him , he told the official European Tour website . "  I putted well . I made 10 birdies . I 'm not sure if I have ever done it on a golf course , hit 10 birdies . I hit a lot of fairways , my irons were quite sharp and I putted well . It 's very difficult to shoot a bad score when you play like this . His late charge denied Belgium 's Thomas Pieters  65  the honor of first day leadership , while there was a five-strong group on 66 , consisting of Branden Grace , Gregory Bourdy , Tyrell Hatton , Alexander Levy and Mikko Ilonen . McIlroy , looking to add to his two majors of last year in 2015 , made a slow start but a rally on his back nine , with five birdies in six holes , left him in a challenging position . There was no doubting the shots of the day , which came from young gun Lewis and the 51-year-old Jimenez , who aced the seventh and 15th holes respectively . Lewis won a luxury car for his effort , while Jiminez was left to celebrate the eighth hole-in-one of his European Tour career . It 's very nice when you make a hole in one . I 'm happy I finished level par today . " he said later .	Martin Kaymer leads Abu Dhabi Championship after opening round 64 Rory McIlroy and Rickie Fowler both card 67s First start of 2015 for world number one McIlroy Aces for Miguel Angel Jimenez and Tom Lewis
Sherman Lee Criner is vacationing in a bull 's eye . Emerald Island , North Carolina , is just west of where Hurricane Arthur came ashore late Thursday with 100 mph winds . The Category 2 storm made landfall at 11:15 p.m. between Cape Lookout and Beaufort , the National Hurricane Center said . Arthur was charging to the northeast at 15 mph . Criner did n't plan it to be right in its path . He asked his two children and niece where they wanted to spend the holidays , they voted for the beach and he granted the wish . He thought of canceling the trip as the storm brewed but decided against it . "  It 's a doable storm , " Criner said . The lawyer lives in Wilmington and has sat out hurricanes before . He also felt confident sturdiness of their accommodations of concrete and steel . "  We 're in an 8th floor condominium , " he said . When Arthur 's eye wall hits , he will wake up son Sherman , 9 , daughter Elizabeth , 14 , and niece Mary Brown , 10 . They 'll to look out the window at the surf below , as the storm surge pushes it up Indian Beach . Stormy holidays Other vacationers hunkered down in hotels along the North Carolina coast Thursday evening as Hurricane Arthur grew into a Category 2 storm . CNN severe weather expert Chad Myers said the storm was getting more dangerous as it developed an inner eye wall . "  That 's concerning , because the smaller the eye gets , the stronger the winds get , " he said . Hurricane Arthur was bearing down on Morehead City , a popular vacation site for the Fourth of July . "  The dangerous part of this storm is going to travel right along the coast , " he said . Rain was intermittently heavy throughout the day in much of the southeastern parts of the state . The National Weather Service in Wilmington said 1 1/3 inches of rain fell during one hour Thursday afternoon . The office also tweeted that there was some flooding just south of downtown . The storm 's strongest sustained winds were 100 mph . North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory told residents and tourists to stay inside while it was dark outside . He said the potential track for the storm would move it closer to land . "  We did not expect this western movement , " he told reporters Thursday night . "  So we 're most concerned now about flooding inland and storm surges in our sounds and in our rivers . " There were no immediate reports of injuries and some counties reported only minimal damage . The good news : the storm hit Thursday at low tide , the governor said . The bad news : the storm was now stronger . CNN correspondents at Wrightsville Beach near Wilmington and Atlantic Beach said most people in those two tourist destinations were heeding authorities ' calls to stay out of the surf . But people were getting out on the sand to see the dark clouds roll in before heading in for the night . "  We are starting to see the water come up a little further , " said Marc Leford , the facilities manager at the Shell Island Resort in Wrightsville Beach . "  The guests are hanging tight . They seem to be having a good time . They 're ready to wait it out . " At the Frying Pan Tower , 34 miles offshore from Wilmington , Richard Neal said the winds had shaken the old Coast Guard light station enough to cause some apprehension . Neal has turned the tower into an "  adventure bed and breakfast . " But after 99 mph winds and 35-foot waves , he said , "  We were not expecting it to be this much of an adventure . " Neal said there were no guests there and he and his children were sitting around playing cards as the eye passed through . He warned people on land to evacuate . "  These are very large waves and the swells are enormous , " he said . Arthur is expected to bring storm surges of up to 7 feet , as well as large , damaging waves , high winds and dangerous rip currents that authorities warned could sweep even the strongest swimmers out to sea . Hurricane warnings were up for most of the state 's coastline . Parts of Massachusetts , South Carolina and Virginia were under tropical storm warnings . The National Hurricane Center said the storm was moving to the north-northeast . A tornado watch was in effect for 10 counties of North Carolina . McCrory declared a state of emergency for 23 eastern counties . As of Thursday evening , at least 7,200 customers of two of the largest power companies in the Wilmington area were without power . Up the coast in Hyde County , authorities instituted a 12-hour curfew beginning at 8 p.m. ET . Earlier in the day , authorities issued a mandatory evacuation order for Hatteras Island and a voluntary evacuation order for Ocracoke Island , both in North Carolina 's Outer Banks . Some of those residents headed north to Kill Devil Hills and other communities and found a hotel room to wait out the storm . Track the storm Holiday impact The storm interrupted some holiday plans , including a decision by the town of Surf City , North Carolina , to scrap its planned Thursday night Fourth of July show . The city 's website said the storm 's fury is likely to be short-lived and encouraged visitors to keep their beach vacation plans : "  Surf City is very much open for business . " But vacationers should not take the warm welcome as an all clear . To avoid tragedy , they should stay on land . The storm is expected to spawn deadly rip currents : rapid flows of water from the shore back out to the ocean that can pull people to sea and exhaust even the strongest swimmers . Tropical cyclones killed six people in 2009 , the National Weather Service said . All drowned in large waves or rip currents . Despite the warnings , a handful of families frolicked in the surf Thursday in Atlantic Beach , North Carolina . Among them was Derek Cornwall 's family , who arrived for vacation in the resort town late Wednesday . "  We were banking on a couple of hours today before the storm moves in , " he said . His daughter , Hannah , was taking full advantage , playing in the waves despite being "  a little nervous " about the storm . "  But I 'm actually kind of excited because I 've never been in a severe storm , " she said . "  It 's kind of on my bucket list . " Robin Banning , her children and a friend planned to ride out the storm at a Walmart parking lot in Kill Devil Hills , North Carolina . They had relocated there from an RV campsite closer to where the storm is expected to hit , but did n't want to go home to Virginia . "  I lived through Bertha , " she said , referring to the 2008 hurricane that killed three people . "  This is good . It 's just rain . " See Images as CNN crews cover Hurricane Arthur Keeping the Boston Pops dry Despite the risks farther south , the storm should n't force a total washout of East Coast Independence Day celebrations . With rain forecast for parts of New England on Friday , the annual Fourth of July Boston Pops concert was moved to Thursday . If it rains then , the fireworks part of the show can start , but the concert may have to go , event organizer Rich MacDonald told CNN affiliate WCVB . "  It affects the instruments , and these instruments are valuable and old . " In the nation 's capital , the weather looks cheerier for the holiday . The slight chance of rain during the day Friday will vanish by night , leaving clear skies for the rockets ' red glare of fireworks over the National Mall . However , Thursday 's rehearsal was closed to the public because of storms . Keep a hurricane preparation checklist Staying safe when the lights go out What you need to know about Independence Day	Arthur made landfall near Cape Lookout at about 11:15 p.m. Hurricane Arthur became a Category 2 storm Thursday night CNN meteorologist says most dangerous part of the storm is hugging the coast Resident who lives 34 miles offshore says waves have been 35 feet high
Rome  CNN  Muslims who were among migrants trying to get from Libya to Italy in a boat this week threw 12 fellow passengers overboard -- killing them -- because the 12 were Christians , Italian police said Thursday . Italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the Christians at sea , police in Palermo , Sicily , said . Why migrants are dying to get to Italy The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat . Sometime during the trip north across the Mediterranean Sea , the alleged assailants -- Muslims from the Ivory Coast , Mali and Senegal -- threw the 12 overboard , police said . Other people on the voyage told police that they themselves were spared "  because they strongly opposed the drowning attempt and formed a human chain , " Palermo police said . The boat was intercepted by an Italian navy vessel , which transferred the passengers to a Panamanian-flagged ship . That ship docked in Palermo on Wednesday , after which the arrests were made , police said . ' I enter Europe or I die ' : Desperate migrants rescued this week off Italy The 12 who died were from Nigeria and Ghana , police said . Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe 's Mediterranean coast , often aboard vessels poorly equipped for the trip . Many of them attempt the voyage to flee war and poverty in Africa and the Middle East . More than 10,000 people have arrived on Italian shores from Libya since last weekend alone , according to the Italian coast guard . Many die each year while attempting the voyage , often when boats capsized . Last year at least 3,200 died trying to make the trip . Since 2000 , according to the International Organization for Migration , almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the Mediterranean . The IOM reported Thursday the latest boat to sink in trying to make the journey . Only four people survived from the original 45 on board , bringing the estimated death toll so far this year close to a thousand . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome , and CNN 's Livia Borghese reported from Augusta , Sicily . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	The 12 victims were from Nigeria and Ghana , police said The group of 105 people left Libya , bound for Italy More than 10,000 people have arrived on Italian shores from Libya since last weekend
CNN  -- Flying penguins are unusual . Especially when they fly on a C-130 Hercules military plane . Almost 400 lost Magellanic penguins march back to the sea after being rescued by animal-welfare groups . In Brazil , 373 young Magellanic penguins were rescued , rehabilitated and released last weekend after their search for food left them stranded , hundreds of miles from their usual feeding grounds . Animal-welfare activists loaded the birds onto a Brazilian air force cargo plane and flew them 1,550 miles to the country 's southern coast , where a crowd of onlookers celebrated as the penguins marched back into the sea . "  We are overjoyed to see these penguins waddle back to the ocean and have a second chance at life , " said veterinarian Dr. Valeria Ruoppolo of the International Fund for Animal Welfare , the group that oversaw the rescue . See photo gallery of rescued penguins " Magellanic penguins are warm-weather birds that breed in large colonies in southern Argentina and Chile . The young animals then migrate north between March and September , following their favorite fish , the anchovy . The birds are named after Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan , who first saw them in 1519 . But changes in currents and water temperature apparently confused the juvenile birds , who strayed too far north to the warm beaches of Salvador , Brazil , 870 miles north of Sao Paulo , Brazil . Watch the penguins march into the sea " Starting in mid-July , in the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahía , "  It was just about raining penguins , " Ruoppolo said . "  There was not much of a food supply . The birds were stranded and emaciated . They had lost all their muscles and body condition . " While occasionally a few birds show up so far north , the unusual sight of hundreds of wayward penguins posed a challenge for animal conservation groups . "  We had to learn how to work with them , " said Carlos Garcia , a spokesman for IBAMA , the Brazilian Institute for Environment and Renewable Resources . "  Fewer than 20 penguins usually wash ashore , but with such a large number , we had to really understand their biology and learn how to treat them . " The Instituto Mamíferos Aquáticos  Institute for Aquatic Mammals  also fed and cared for the hungry and disoriented birds . Ruoppolo , who is also the emergency relief officer for IFAW , has a lot of experience saving penguins and other animals injured in oil spills . Last week she worked with conservation groups and volunteers to save as many of the birds as possible . "  We showed them how to stabilize the animals , to feed them and give them proper care , " she said . Healthy Magellanic penguins grow to about 27 inches tall and weigh about 9 pounds . Ruoppolo said IBAMA -- the government 's environmental authority -- and the Brazilian military were supportive throughout the unusual relocation mission . On Friday , the penguins were loaded into special crates and put onto the plane for the journey to Pelotas , in southern Brazil . After their first-ever flight , the birds went on a truck ride to the Center for Recovery of Marine Animals , where they rested for 24 hours . The birds released at Cassino Beach the next day had to meet very specific health criteria , said Ruoppolo . "  Their feathers had to be waterproof , their overall body condition had to be good , their lungs healthy , and they had to be able to catch food , " she said . The youngsters had some adult supervision for their return to the wild . They were released with a small group of adult penguins that had been nursed back to health after surviving an oil spill . Scientists expect the older birds will help guide the little ones to nearby feeding grounds . Some penguins are still being cared for , both in the north and south of Brazil . The newly released birds have bands on their flippers so scientists can follow their progress and learn more about their migratory habits . Of more than 1,600 penguins that washed ashore in northern Brazil , about half are still alive . That is a fairly good outcome , given the fragile status of young birds on their first migration , said Ruoppolo . "  For all species you have animals that die within the first year , " she said . And without quick human intervention , the consequences would have been much worse . At this point there is no way to know exactly why the animals became stranded . While the Magellanic penguin population is not in jeopardy because of this one event , Ruoppolo said there are other threats , primarily from overfishing . CNN 's Paulo Nogueira contributed to this report	Activists rescue group of young penguins who migrated too far north on Brazil coast Penguins loaded onto a C-130 Hercules military plane and flown south To cheers of onlookers , penguins return to ocean near their feeding grounds Changing currents , temperatures may have led the confused birds off course
Over 4,400 solar panels compose the roof of Blackfriars bridge in the City of London , making it the largest solar-powered bridge in the world . The old Victorian bridge was built across the river Thames in 1886 , but unlike other bridges throughout the city , it also operates as a railway station to serve commuters from all the surrounding areas , while offering a stunning view . Being the first station to span the river Thames , the bridge has always had high demands on power . In 2009 it received a makeover : the wrought-iron bridge was dismantled and rebuilt to generate its own power using the sun . A new roof was installed , housing solar panels over 6000 square meters , which is enough to cover 23 tennis courts . On a sunny day , the canopy can produce up to a megawatt of electricity . The bridge reopened in 2012 and the installation of the array was part of a larger upgrading project involving the station as a whole to cater for more passengers and improve services . "  It generates enough electricity to make about 80,000 cups of tea a day , " explains Chris Binns , head of engineering at Network Rail who led the upgrade . The use of solar power now provides up to 50 percent of the energy needed at the station and is estimated to reduce carbon emissions by 511 tonnes per year . The increased production of solar panels worldwide , particularly in China , has brought the previously high expense of solar cells plummeting down to make designs like this more affordable . "  It 's a wonderful showcase of how Britain can actually build something that 's significant , " says Professor Ned Ekins-Daukes , an expert on solar energy at Imperial College London . "  This is the most powerful bridge in the world and it 's using solar power in Britain , not a country well known for its sunshine . " Cities across the world are increasingly harnessing the sun 's energy , with landmarks as iconic as the Eiffel tower and Taj Mahal planning to incorporate solar panels into their architecture . If the gray skies of London can accomplish such results across the Thames , imagine the potential elsewhere . Read more from Future Cities : Shared space , where the streets have no rules Invisible solar panels hidden in your windows ? They 're coming Brazil 's idea for future mobility ? The good old bus	Blackfriars bridge in the City of London is the world 's largest solar-powered bridge . Over 4,400 photovoltaic cells occupy a roof area of 6000 square meters . Clean energy provides 50 percent of the requirements of Blackfriars railway station , located on the bridge . The array is estimated to reduce carbon emissions by 511 tonnes per year .
Gallman , Mississippi  CNN  -- A 42-year-old man was charged Wednesday with arson and two counts of murder in connection with the deaths of a woman and her 7-year-old son in Mississippi . Wearing a bulletproof vest , Timothy Burns appeared in Copiah County Justice Court . He said he has no lawyer , so one will be appointed to him . No bond was set . He 's being held in the deaths of Atira Hughes-Smith and Jaidon Hill . The boy 's stepfather , Laterry Smith , was also killed . There 's some question as to whether Smith was killed in a different county , said Copiah County Sheriff Harold Jones , explaining why Burns was charged with two , rather than three , counts of murder . There 's no indication the suspect had anything against the three victims , the sheriff noted , nor that he even knew them . "  We do n't think there is  a relationship  , " Jones said . "  But we have n't tied that loose end up yet . " The seeming randomness of the crime makes the deaths all the more inexplicable to loved ones , as well as to neighbors in the city of Brandon they called home . As Vinson Jenkins , Hughes-Smith 's cousin , said : "  We do n't know why anybody would want to do any harm to them . " The family was last seen Friday in a car that was later found flipped and on fire . The Copiah County sheriff says authorities now believe that Burns was driving that car when he got in an accident , then set it ablaze . Was he alone at the time ? Jones said he has "  no way of knowing that right now . " After finding the vehicle , investigators found bloody clothes belonging to the victims next to a gas station trash bin . Then their bodies were discovered in a wooded area , all shot to death , said Jones . According to CNN affiliate WAPT , Jaidon was a student at Stonebridge Elementary School in Brandon , a city of some 22,000 people about 15 miles east of Jackson . His teacher Jennifer Owen recalled his omnipresent smile , big eyelashes and how he 'd "  concentrate on his work so hard that his little tongue would stick out the whole time . " The boy 's great-grandfather Sidney Kersh told WAPT that he and others were heartbroken as they tried to make sense of the deaths , especially that of young Jaidon . "  He was my heart , and he was so innocent , " Kersh said . "  I just hate for him to have to be caught up in this . " In July : Mysterious Mississippi murder stokes suspicions bred by an ugly past CNN 's Gary Tuchman reported from Gallman , Mississippi , and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Dana Ford , Leah Smith and Meridith Edwards contributed to this report .	Timothy Burns is charged with arson and two counts of murder He 's accused in the deaths of Atira Hughes-Smith and Jaidon Hill , 7 The sheriff says there 's no known relationship between the suspect and victims
CNN  -- As we head into a workweek that ends with a federal holiday on Friday , you can expect the usual : Newspaper , television and Internet advertisements touting special sales and slashed prices on selected items . Veterans Day has become an annual opportunity for merchandisers -- many of them see the holiday as a chance to get a jump on Black Friday , the day-after-Thanksgiving bacchanalia of bust-down-the-doors sales pushes . It 's hard to blame the merchants . The economy has been dismal . Anything that might bring shoppers into stores is seen as a plus . But before the Veterans Day promotions kick into high gear , perhaps we might take a moment for a different suggestion about how to commemorate the day : Make a note to yourself . Make a promise to do what you can , whenever you can , to pay a visit to an unforgettable American place : Arlington National Cemetery , just across the Potomac River from Washington . More than 300,000 souls have found their final resting places in that cemetery . Anyone who wishes to visit is always welcome . It is a short distance from the popular tourist attractions on the National Mall . If you are at the Lincoln Memorial and are in the mood for a walk , all you need do is circle behind the monument to Mr. Lincoln , cross the street and head for the Memorial Bridge that spans the Potomac , then take a stroll along the pedestrian lanes that are on either side of the bridge . You emerge in Virginia , where the broad , boulevard-like Memorial Drive leads to the entrance of Arlington . Once you are inside , all is still . The beauty of the place , and the knowledge of why it is there , can take your breath away . There are 624 acres of lawns , gardens and towering trees that are hundreds of years old , but as gorgeous as all of that is , they are n't what overwhelm you . The sight of those hundreds of thousands of headstones , each honoring a military veteran or a member of the military who died while serving , is what has the power to render you silent and humbled . Some parts of the cemetery draw large and constant crowds : the Tomb of the Unknowns , the eternal flame where John F. Kennedy is buried . But for me , the best way to spend time at Arlington is just to set off on a walk along the many paths that meander through less-visited portions of the grounds . You can walk for hours and never pass the same headstone twice . To stop and read the names on those headstones , and the dates , and to think about the service each of those departed soldiers , sailors , aviators and Marines gave to the nation where the rest of us now live and breathe ... to do that is to remind yourself of what duty entails . Each person who comes to Arlington takes his or her own memories home . There are moments that can be surprising to a first-time visitor . A distance from the always-well-attended grave of President Kennedy is another resting place that seldom has many people around it : that of William Howard Taft of Ohio , the only person in the nation 's history to serve both as president of the United States  1909-1913  and chief justice of the United States Supreme Court  1921-1930  . Sometimes you will find yourself the only visitor there . I always make a point of stopping at the grave of Audie Murphy , the most decorated combat soldier of World War II ; his headstone is no different or more ornate than the other hundreds of thousands on the grounds , a soldier among soldiers . And , since 2003 , there has been the grave of an old friend and wonderful , generous colleague : Bill Mauldin , the enlisted man whose cartoons in Stars and Stripes made him beloved to the soldiers with whom he served in the Second World War , and who went on , after the war , to become as fine a newspaper editorial cartoonist as ever lived . A visitor will feel especially moved when , across a patch of grass , he catches sight of one of the between 27 and 30 new burials that take place on an average day . Arlington remains a working cemetery ; it is a place , in the words of the cemetery 's own defining statement , "  where dignity and honor rest in solemn repose , " and that touches you most deeply when you see the newly arrived family of a veteran standing with bowed heads at another fresh grave site . You may not get to Arlington on Veterans Day this week , but if you promise yourself to visit one day , you will never regret it . The cemetery is open to the public every day of the year . It opens promptly at 8 a.m. . During these fall and winter months it closes at 5 p.m. , and from April through September it stays open until 7 p.m. Whatever burdens you may be carrying in your own life , whatever problems may be weighing you down , a few hours walking the quiet pathways of Arlington will remind you of the sacrifice and service of people you never met , people who wanted the country to endure so that new generations could live , and hope to prosper , and strive to enjoy . To visit Arlington is to understand anew the true meaning of an ancient phrase : Paying our respects . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : There 's a place in Washington that is n't a top tourist spot He says Arlington National Cemetery is a place all Americans should visit More than 300,000 are bured at Arlington , including the famous Greene says to visit Arlington is to realize the meaning of serving your country
CNN  -- Forces loyal to Alassane Ouattara took control of state-run television and attacked the residence of Laurent Gbagbo on Friday as Ivory Coast 's bloody , four-month battle for political power appeared to enter its final stages . Artillery and mortars joined the cacophony of gunfire Friday in Abidjan , the nation 's commercial center and largest city , witnesses said . French and United Nations troops beefed up their presence on the streets to fill a security vacuum . "  The situation on the streets has deteriorated to such an extent that it 's just become too dangerous to go outside , " said Henry Gray , a field coordinator with the humanitarian medical group Doctors Without Borders , who called his organization while in lockdown . "  There 's a lot of pillaging and looting going on , and if you 're out on the streets , you 're basically a target . " And the violence is n't isolated to Abidjan . At least 800 people were killed Tuesday in the fight for control of Ivory Coast 's western city of Duekoue , the International Committee of the Red Cross said Friday . The whereabouts of Gbagbo , who refused to cede power after a disputed November election , were not known . The French ambassador to Ivory Coast said on France Info radio that Gbagbo 's residence was empty . U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said the U.N. mission in Ivory Coast has been in contact with both Ouattara and Gbagbo in an effort to ensure a peaceful resolution . "  I can not confirm anything about any exit of Laurent Gbagbo , " Haq said . Gbagbo adviser Abdon Bayeto blamed the United Nations and global leaders including France and the United States for Ivory Coast 's bloodshed by recognizing Ouattara as the legitimate president . Ouattara knows he lost the election , Bayeto said , adding that Gbagbo is a true democrat . "  For 30 years there was no trouble in the country , " he said . "  We are going to be victorious . " The chances for that victory appeared slim Friday after pro-Ouattara forces launched a massive offensive in a final push to oust Gbagbo . Gbagbo had been expected to appear on state-run television , but the embattled president has not been seen in public for days and the TV network -- accused of having incited post-election violence -- went dark Friday after pro-Ouattara forces attacked the building and took control . Ouattara , the internationally recognized president , had been confined to a United Nations-protected hotel in Abidjan . Gbagbo 's siege of the hotel ended Thursday after pro-Ouattara forces carried a nationwide offensive to Abidjan . Ouattara declared evening-into-morning curfews for Friday and Saturday in Abidjan . Ouattara 's interior minister also announced on radio that the air and sea borders of the country would be sealed until further notice . It will be only "  hours , maybe days " before Gbagbo falls , predicted Ouattara 's spokesman , Patrich Achi . "  The army does not want to fight for Laurent Gbagbo . " The African Union called again Friday for Gbagbo "  to immediately hand over power . " "  Gbagbo 's days are numbered because he overstayed his welcome , " Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga told CNN . Odinga has served as the African Union 's main negotiator in Ivory Coast . "  The will of the Ivorian people must finally prevail . " Events in Ivory Coast are sure to have critical implications for the immediate region and all of Africa . The nation had been on the rebound from a 2002 civil war and the elections last year inspired expectations that the cocoa-producing nation would embark on a new chapter that would take it closer to becoming a stable democracy . But the post-election chaos does not bode well for other African nations struggling to become stronger democracies . And thousands of people have crossed into neighboring nations including Liberia , which is trying to hold onto its own fragile peace . An Abidjan resident told CNN that most of the city 's 4 million residents were huddled inside their homes Friday with no access to information since national broadcasting was off the air . The resident was not identified because of security reasons . "  Armed gangs are out on the street and there is a real atmosphere of fear out in the community , particularly in the poorer areas , " Gray said . "  It 's weird , because Abidjan is actually a really nice city with well-maintained roads and nice bridges and big buildings . " Documentary filmmaker Seyi Rhodes said Abidjan , a city that never slept before the turmoil erupted , was empty and bleak . International journalists covering the conflict did not dare venture out from their hotel Friday . Abidjan has become a city divided where it is difficult to decipher loyalty , Rhodes said . "  There is nothing now , " said Rhodes , who had visited the city before the conflict . "  Abidjan is a shadow of its former self . " The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reported an exodus of more people Thursday . "  Heavy fighting , widespread human rights abuses and fear of war have already forced up to 1 million people to flee their homes in Abidjan , " the report said . Some 500 foreigners , including 150 French citizens , sought refuge Thursday at a French military camp , said a spokeswoman for the French Defense Ministry . A Swedish employee of the United Nations was killed in Thursday 's fighting in Abidjan , said Joakim Larsson , a spokesman at the Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs . "  She was in her home when she was hit by a bullet which killed her , " Larsson said . Before Friday 's revelation of the 800 or so deaths in Duekoue , human rights monitors had documented the deaths of 462 people -- some in heinous fashion -- and warned Abidjan is on the brink of catastrophe . "  The international community must take immediate steps to protect the civilian population , " said Salvatore Sagues , Amnesty International 's researcher on West Africa . Republican Forces wrested control of much of Yamoussoukro and other key cocoa-producing and port cities earlier in the week before marching to Abidjan , the commercial center of Ivory Coast . The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights reported Friday that the agency had received "  unconfirmed but worrying reports " that Republican Forces have been committing human rights violations in their advance to Abidjan , especially in the Guiglo and Daloa areas in western Ivory Coast . Among the complaints were arbitrary arrests and ill-treatment of civilians . Similar abuse accusations have been leveled at Gbagbo 's men in Abidjan , the agency said . Concerned about the rising tide of violence , the U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Wednesday to impose sanctions on Gbagbo , his wife and three associates , as well as give U.N. peacekeepers more authority to protect civilians . The U.N. resolution demands that Gbagbo step down immediately and that all state institutions , including the military , accept Ouattara as president . It also authorizes U.N. peacekeepers "  to use all necessary means to carry out its mandate to protect civilians under imminent threat of violence . " CNN 's Zain Verjee , Carey Bodenheimer , Christabelle Fombu and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 800 people were killed Tuesday in the Ivory Coast , the Red Cross says NEW : A witness says , "  If you 're out on the streets , you 're basically a target " Laurent Gbagbo has refused to cede power since a disputed November election Forces loyal to Alassane Ouattara attack Gbagbo 's home and take control of state TV
CNN  -- That 's it . Starting today the next guy to text me and ask me on a date will be deleted from my cell phone -- permanently . Want to make plans for the weekend ? Wondering how my day was ? Need to discuss our relationship ? Call me . Save texting for simple stuff : Let 's meet at 8 p.m. ? Do you like sushi ? Or even , you looked so hot last night ! When it comes to texting , the KISS rule applies -- Keep It Simple Stupid . Now of course , there are times when a "  U & I R DUN " text may be in order . But that rule is only acceptable if you 've gone out once or twice and had an awful experience . Dumping or even divorcing someone via text message is just cowardice . It 's a punk move but it happens quite often and not just among teens , as pop star Katy Perry tells us in the July issue of Vogue magazine . "  He 's a very smart man , and I was in love with him when I married him , " Perry says , of her ex-husband Russell Brand . "  Let 's just say I have n't heard from him since he texted me saying he was divorcing me December 31 , 2011 . " It 's best to say good riddance to a loser like Brand . Because while it may be cute for teenagers to text their sweetheart all day and night , that is really no way for intelligent , confident adults to communicate . "  People can hide themselves in a text message , " warns Bela Gandhi , founder of Smart Dating Academy in Chicago . "  When you talk to someone on the phone that 's when their true personality starts to shine . Hearing someone 's voice tells you if they are positive or negative , or enthusiastic about life . The voice conversation is very important . It keeps people from hiding . The phone is a screener . " How technology has changed romance As a happily single woman , I am shocked at how many professional , attractive and otherwise intelligent men have no idea how to hold communicate effectively by phone or face to face . Real communication often takes courage . It 's not easy to drop our defenses and reveal our insecurities to one another , especially if we 've gotten our feelings hurt a few times . But developing your emotional intelligence is a critical ingredient in all healthy adult relationships . A short text in the middle of the day to let someone know you are thinking of them is a sweet gesture . But if you imagine that sending a daily barrage of texts , such as "  driving to work , heading to lunch , or just left a meeting " is a romantic way to show you are thinking of your partner , think again . Or texting in the middle of the night . I once dated a 50-something guy who thought it was romantic to send me a "  good morning " text at 4:30 a.m. Good grief . When the chime on my phone jolted me awake , I panicked : "  Someone must have died , " I thought . Why else would anyone text me at this hour ? Bad move . "  Texting is not the place for anything serious . Never handle something over text that should be handled in person or over the phone . This just shows that you are a weakling who deserves a good slapping . Swallow your fear , and pick up the phone . " says relationship expert Michael Masters , author of "  TextAppeal -- For Guys ! The Ultimate Texting Guide . " Do n't get me wrong , no one has time to be on the phone all day every day , but I can guarantee you that if the woman you 're dating would rather text you than call , the relationship is over . Also , it 's best to avoid needy "  Crack Texting . " "  This is hands-down the number one mistake people make , " says Masters . Texting is best used as a slowly developing conversation . And the benefit of texting is that you actually have time to think before you blast off an inappropriate message . I like Masters ' rule : "  The hotter the person is , the less you should be texting them . Do n't be needy . " The lost art of offline dating I get it . I love technology and I text , tweet , tumblr , pin , and share on Facebook with a passion . Social networking is an integral part of my life . But when it comes to romance , women still need to hear your voice or look you in the eye when we 're talking . " -LSB- Research shows -RSB- that about 93 % of how we make our first impressions of people within 30 seconds of meeting them is nonverbal communication -- body language , voice tone , personal appearance ... " Gandhi reminds us . "  And relying on texting to build a relationship is a recipe for miscommunication , and premature intimacy . " Do n't let technology turn you into a coward who is afraid of real conversation , or sharing yourself in any meaningful way . Do n't be a Russell Brand . If you have more virtual friends on Facebook than you do in reality , it 's time to reevaluate your life . Get out there make a few actual friends , in person . Dating is easy . It 's risky . But it is not nearly as complicated as many people make out -- as long as you actually like yourself first and are basically satisfied with your own life . I admit there is one date text I always will answer : "  Want to go to the Knicks game tonight ? " Now that message just might be the start of a beautiful relationship . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones : It was cowardly of Russell Brand to divorce Katy Perry via text Jones : It 's shocking how many adult men would rather text than call or meet up She says do n't let technology turn you into a wimp who is afraid of real conversation Jones : When it comes to romance , pick up the phone or talk face to face
CNN  -- The FBI on Wednesday shut down a website advertising children for prostitution -- a move made as part of a broader crackdown on the sex trafficking of minors , law enforcement sources told CNN on condition of anonymity . Federal agents closed myredbook.com in a raid in San Francisco . Two people were arrested on suspicion of operating the site , the sources said The raid stems from a national child sex trafficking crackdown in which the FBI said it rescued 168 children and arrested 281 alleged pimps this month . Some of the rescued children were identified through myredbook.com , one of the law enforcement sources said . The FBI acknowledged an ongoing investigation , but would not provide specific information .	Sources : FBI closes myredbook.com Website alleged to have advertised children for prostitution Two people arrested in San Francisco in connection with raid , sources say Raid comes amid crackdown on sex trafficking of minors
CNN  -- Throughout high school , Tevante Clark felt ashamed about being overweight . It was n't just his hefty size that depressed him , but the distance he felt growing between him and some of his closest friends . Over four years , he watched as his friends steadily left him out of conversations , gave him the cold shoulder at school , and then started excluding him altogether from their Friday night outings around Chapel Hill , North Carolina . He was crushed , spending many evenings alone , feeling rejected . Standing at 5 feet 7 inches , Clark hit his peak weight at 405 pounds when he was 19 . "  I would go home and ask my mom why this was happening to me , but I knew it was because of my weight , " he said . "  When I would go out with my mom to pick up groceries or shopping , I would wait in the car because I was so embarrassed . " When he started Vance-Granville Community College , he continued to struggle with those feelings . "  I was having suicidal thoughts because of my weight . I even wrote a letter about it that my mom found , and she broke down crying , " he said . "  I was tired of everything , tired of people laughing at me , tired of being overweight , tired of being treated differently , " he said . "  I thought about committing suicide , but I did n't want to leave my mother by herself . " After discovering the letter in his bedroom , his mom said she knew something had to change . "  I saw how depressed he was getting , and that 's what hurt me the most , " said his mother , Beverly Clark . But she was not going to let him struggle on his own . She had recently lost more than 100 pounds after a scare from her cardiologist who said she was on the verge of having a heart attack because of her weight . That experience made her believe her son could lose the weight , too . "  He was a junk-aholic , as I was . He had a sweet tooth . He was a snacker -- cakes , cookies , soda , chips , " she said . She was convinced that all her son needed was some guidance about moderation . But Tevante Clark just wanted the weight off . He came to her after many tearful nights and asked if he could get gastric bypass surgery . Clark was desperate . "  I needed a change , " he said . As an employee at Duke University 's call center , his mother knew about the school 's wellness program Live for Life , which offers a 12-month weight-loss program for employees and their family members . She wanted her son to lose weight , but she also wanted him to try natural methods before committing to surgery . So she made him a proposition : Enroll in the program and try to lose weight naturally for the first few months . If that method failed , they would consider surgery . When he started in the program in July 2011 , his goal was to lose 40 pounds to qualify for gastric bypass surgery . At the start of the program , he was paired with a coach and a dietitian . Sally Neve , a registered nurse and dietitian , helped him devise a plan to meet his weight-loss goals , which included cutting back on sweetened beverages , eating more fruits and vegetables , and being mindful of portion sizes . He regimented his diet , eating three meals a day and two healthy snacks in between his meals . Neve also encouraged Clark to get a gym membership . Clark had never worked out . He had played a few pickup games of basketball in middle school , but it was never strenuous . He was nervous and excited for the new experience , but a part of him was sure it was n't going to work . He held on to the hope that if he lost just a few pounds , it would be enough to convince his mom that he could do the gastric bypass surgery . As Clark started working out on the elliptical machine , walking on the treadmill and eating smaller portions , he saw big changes quickly . In the first week , he lost seven pounds . After a few weeks , he started walking 45 to 50 minutes every day on the treadmill with the incline set to high , at a speed that was almost a jog . After three months , he had dropped 40 pounds , and the urge to have surgery also dissipated . He was now spending two hours a day at the gym . "  He became a changed person , " Neve said . "  He became confident . He was like , ' I can do this . ' I think that is so important for people , to have that confidence that they can succeed . " The salty and sweet snacks were traded in for healthy meals such as grilled chicken and brown rice for lunch and mostly grilled vegetables for dinner . Clark re-evaluated the way he approached food , choosing items such as whole grains and lean proteins to sustain his workouts , not high-calorie sweets to satisfy his cravings . "  He just had to go to someone who could say , ` You can eat what you want , but in moderation , ' " his mother said . After completing the program in December 2012 , Clark was down to 280 pounds -- a loss of 125 pounds . But he wanted to be leaner . He started lifting weights on his own . Whenever he came across a piece of gym equipment he was unsure about , he asked a gym staff member to show him how to use it . He discovered he liked lifting weights . "  I liked the leg press . I never tried it , and I learned it works out your hamstrings and quads . When I starting incorporating it into my workouts , I saw improvements in my thighs , " he said . The added resistance helped him drop another 100 pounds within a year . In two years , he had managed to bring his weight down to 180 pounds , exceeding all his weight-loss expectations . Now , happy with his weight , he continues to work out every day . He focuses on building muscle , not losing weight . He does cardio for 15 to 20 minutes and then puts energy toward sculpting his muscles by lifting weights and changing his fitness routine . The 23-year-old even has a job that requires him to be fit . He works at a UPS warehouse and is on his feet lifting heavy boxes several hours a day . "  If I did n't lose weight , I would n't be able to do this job , " he said . "  There are people who work with me who look like they are fit , but they ca n't lift like I can . It really makes me want to keep staying in shape . " And his social life ? It took a dramatic turn for the better . He has new friends , and a few old ones who stuck by him while he was struggling with his weight . They get together weekly as a group and hang out . Sometimes , he even runs into old classmates who shunned him when he was overweight . "  Now they  say  they are proud of me for losing weight , and that I am an inspiration , " he said . After losing 225 pounds , he said the biggest lesson he learned was not to lose sight of who he was under all that weight . "  Your life will change , but you do n't have to change , " he said . "  You can look at things differently , but do n't change who you are just because you changed physically . ... Remember who was there for you and who stayed with you . "	At 405 pounds , Tevante Clark says he was extremely lonely Tired of being overweight , he considered gastric bypass surgery He lost the weight naturally and says he 's found happiness
Washington  CNN  -- As petroleum giant BP comes under congressional scrutiny as its ruptured oil rig pumps thousands of barrels of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , its political contributions are being scrutinized , too . The top recipient of BP-related donations during the 2008 presidential election was Barack Obama , who collected $ 71,000 , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics . When questioned about the donations Wednesday , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs made a point of noting that the money came from employees and not the company itself . White House spokesman Ben LaBolt added that Obama was n't tied to big oil companies . "  This claim lacks one thing : credibility , " LaBolt said in a statement . "  President Obama did n't accept a dime from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists during his presidential campaign . He raised $ 750 million from nearly 4 million Americans . And since he became President , he rolled back tax breaks and giveaways for the oil and gas industry , spearheaded a G20 agreement to phase out fossil fuel subsidies , and made the largest investment in American history in clean energy incentives . " BP employees gave more than $ 3 million in campaign contributions during the past decade and almost $ 110,000 in 2010 . Fifty-seven percent of BP 's contributions went to Republicans , while 43 percent went to Democrats . BP America President Lamar McKay has been asked to appear next week to discuss the oil spill before the House Energy and Commerce Committee , whose members received the largest share of BP 's campaign contributions over the last two election cycles , the Center for Responsive Politics notes . "  In 2009 , individuals and political action committees associated with BP donated $ 16,000 to members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , " the center found . The center says five of the top 10 recipients of BP dollars in the House sit on that committee : John Dingell , D-Michigan ; Joe Barton , R-Texas ; Ralph Hall , R-Texas ; Roy Blunt , R-Missouri ; and Fred Upton , R-Michigan . "  All have received upward of $ 13,000 from BP-related individuals and political action committees during the past two decades , " according to the Center for Responsive Politics . "  Dingell , the second most favored recipient of BP money in the House , has received $ 31,000 . " Congress is demanding answers in its investigation of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , and the BP executives likely to be grilled in the weeks ahead are no strangers to the ways of Washington . "  If BP faces heavy federal scrutiny , it 's well-positioned to fight back : The London-based company has consistently spent top dollar to influence legislative and regulatory activity in Washington , D.C. , " according to the Center for Responsive Politics . The company spent almost $ 16 million lobbying Congress in 2009 and more than $ 3.5 million this year , the center found . BP 's ruptured undersea well off Louisiana continues to spew about 210,000 gallons -- or 5,000 barrels -- of crude a day into the Gulf of Mexico . Efforts to corral the rapidly growing spill have been unsuccessful . There is a sheen of oil up to 60 miles across in the Gulf , threatening the coasts of Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama as well as the Florida Panhandle , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The overall area affected by the spill , CNN estimates , is almost as large as the state of Delaware . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ed Hornick , Shawna Shepherd and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Obama received $ 71,000 in 2008 election cycle , nonprofit says BP , company at center of oil slick controversy , spent millions lobbying Congress 57 percent of BP 's contributions went to Republicans , 43 percent to Democrats
This week is Computer Science Education Week , which is being observed around the United States with events aimed at highlighting the promise -- and paucity -- of digital education . The climax of the festivities , for me anyway , will be the opportunity to address members of Congress and their staffers on Wednesday in Washington about the value of digital literacy . I 've been an advocate of digital culture for the past 20 years , and this feels like the culmination of a lifetime of arguing . Yes , I was once the one getting laughed out of both cocktail parties and editor 's offices for suggesting that someday people would be using word processors to send one another messages over telephone lines . But the vindication I feel for being right about our digital future is tempered by an equally disheartening sense that we are actually missing an opportunity here . I have never been as enthusiastic about the promise of digital technology itself as about the human potential unleashed by these new tools . Yet I fear this promise is increasingly undermined by our widespread unwillingness to seize the abilities they offer us . Although we live in a highly digital age , digital literacy is not a priority among us . And as a result computer science is not a priority in our schools . My talk to Congress may not change this overnight . There are many structural impediments to bringing any new curriculum into America 's public schools . The multi-year process through which school district decisions are made is incompatible with the development cycles of the Internet startups hoping to meet the demand for digital education . Teachers fear their own inexperience with code may disqualify them from becoming competent instructors . And there 's not enough money for the education we already have , much less the education we would like to offer . But I 'm hoping we can get motivated enough to catch up with , say , Estonia  where they teach code to kids  and begin developing a society capable of thriving and competing in a digital world . So to that end , here are the 10 things I plan to say in my 10 minutes on Capitol Hill : 1 . When we got language , we did n't just learn how to listen , but how to speak . When we got text , we did n't just learn how to read , but how to write . Now that we have computers , we 're learning how to use them -- but not how to program them . 2 . Programming a computer is not like being the mechanic of an automobile . We 're not looking at the difference between a mechanic and a driver , but between a driver and a passenger . If you do n't know how to drive the car , you are forever dependent on your driver to take you where you want to go . You 're even dependent on that driver to tell you when a place exists . 3 . Not knowing how our digital environments are constructed leads us to accept them at face value . For example , kids think the function of Facebook is to help them keep in touch with friends . Even a bit of digital literacy helps us see that Facebook users are not its customers , but its product . 4 . "  Computer class " ca n't be about teaching kids to use today 's software ; it must be about teaching kids to make tomorrow 's software . 5 . The failure to teach computer science is n't just impeding kids ' understanding of the digital world , but also crippling our nation 's competitiveness in business . We outsource programming not because we ca n't afford American programmers , but because we ca n't find American programmers . 6 . America 's military leaders are scared : They have no problem finding recruits who want to fly drones , but have few who want -- or are ready -- to learn how to program them . One Air Force general told me he believes America 's competitive advantage on the cybermilitary frontier is one generation away from being lost . 7 . We are putting in place a layer of technology , culture , and economics that we 'd darn well better do consciously . The technology we build today is the operating system of the society of tomorrow . Right now , painfully few are participating in this -- and usually the choices are made by the highest bidder . 8 . Computer Science is not just a STEM -- science , technology , engineering and math -- subject , but a liberal art as well . Being able to think critically about digital media environments means being able to think critically about our world . 9 . Kids are already doing algorithms , the basic building blocks of computer programming . Once they learn long division , they are ready to start programming . 10 . The resources are out there : Codecademy.com is just one of many free tools  including CSUnplugged.org and Scratch.org  that any teacher can pick up and implement -- if he or she can muster the autonomy to do so . It may just happen that computer education , like the Internet itself , will depend on distributed authority and the bottom-up , enterprising nature of human beings working together .	Douglas Rushkoff : It 's Computer Science Education Week , aimed at promoting digital literacy He says we live in digital age but computer science not priority in schools ; U.S. is lagging here He says digital literacy helps us see that kids are not Facebook 's customers , but the product Rushkoff : Critically thinking about digital media environments is a liberal art , teaches about world
CNN  -- Bayern Munich closed to within two points of Bundesliga leaders Hamburg and Bayer Leverkusen with a 2-1 victory at home to Bavarian rivals Nuremberg on Saturday . Belgian defender Daniel Van Buyten celebrates his winning goal for Bayern Munich . Daniel Van Buyten 's 82nd-minute winner left Bayern on 13 points behind the two top teams , who are in action on Sunday , and above Hoffenheim and Mainz on goal difference . Mainz won 3-2 away to Bochum on Saturday , while Hoffenheim scored three late goals to snatch a 4-2 victory at Borussia Moenchengladbach . They moved above Schalke , who lost 2-1 to coach Felix Magath 's former team , defending champions Wolfsburg , on Friday night . Bayern broke into the top three for the first time this season despite again starting with France star Franck Ribery on the substitutes ' bench , where he was joined by Miroslav Klose as young striker Thomas Muller was given the chance to add to his run of four goals in two games . Nuremberg fielded a defensive line-up , but striker Mario Gomez still managed to hit the crossbar for Bayern before Ivica Olic broke the deadlock in the 55th minute . The Croatia forward scored his second goal of the season after being fed in the penalty area by Muller , who was earlier denied one-on-one by goalkeeper Raphael Schafer . The visitors shocked the 69,000-strong crowd in the 73rd minute when Eric-Maxim Choupo-Moting equalized after good work by 18-year-old midfielder Ilkay Gundogan . However , Belgian defender Van Buyten followed up his midweek Champions League goal in the win over Maccabi Haifa by heading Arjen Robben 's right-wing cross into the far corner to help launch the city 's Oktoberfest in fine style . Hoffenheim moved into fourth place on 11 points as Senegalese striker Demba Ba scored in the first minute of injury-time to seal victory over Moenchengladbach . Brazilian midfielder Maicosuel had equalized in the 86th minute and then Nigerian forward Chinedu Obasi put the visitors ahead three minutes later . The hosts had led 2-0 after 17 minutes through Juan Arango and Roberto Colautti , but Sejad Salihovic 's free-kick beat goalkeeper Logan Bailly from an impossibly tight angle four minutes later to reduce the deficit . Mainz earned victory at Bochum thanks to a second-half double from 18-year-old striker Andre Schuerle . Midfielder Mimoun Azaouagh put the home side ahead after only seven minutes and striker Diego Fernando Klimowicz doubled the lead at the end of first-half regulation time -- but Andreas Ivanschitz reduced the deficit before the whistle blew for the interval . Schuerle netted in the 52nd and 71st minutes to give Mainz a third win from six league outings . Cologne moved off the bottom of the table with their first victory , winning 2-0 at Stuttgart with a 25th-minute header from Sebastian Freis before goalkeeper Jens Lehmann 's 89th-minute error let in striker Manasseh Ishiaku . In Saturday 's other game , Hannover were held 1-1 at home by Borussia Dortmund as Didier Ya Konan scored three minutes after halftime for the hosts to cancel out Nuri Sahin 's goal just before the break . On Sunday , Hamburg travel to Eintracht Frankfurt , Leverkusen host Werder Bremen and bottom club Hertha Berlin are at home to Freiburg . On Friday , striker Edin Dzeko scored twice to haunt his former mentor Magath as champions Wolfsburg moved onto nine points with a third win of the Bundesliga season . The Bosnian broke the deadlock in the 55th minute with a header from Sascha Riether 's cross , but Benedikt Howedes leveled with a header of his own 10 minutes from time from Levan Kenia 's corner . However , Dzeko relieved the pressure on coach Armin Veh a minute later to end a run of three defeats as he fired home from eight yards after being set up by substitute Makoto Hasebe . Schalke substitute Kevin Kuranyi had a late header blocked on the line by goalkeeper Andre Lenz , filling in for the suspended Diego Benaglio .	Bayern Munich close to within two points of Bundesliga 's top two teams Daniel van Buyten heads late goal against Bavarian rivals Nuremberg in 2-1 win Bayern third on goal difference ahead of Hoffenheim and Mainz , who both win Cologne move off bottom of table with first victory , winning 2-0 at Stuttgart
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- An attack Friday night on a hotel in Somalia 's capital left five people dead and at least 15 wounded , a government spokesman said . The bloodshed came after a car bomb went off outside Hotel Makkah Al-Mukarama in central Mogadishu , Abdikarim Hussein Guled , the African country 's interior and national security minister , told local media . Those killed included Abdulkadir Ali , the Somalian government 's former acting envoy to Britain better known as "  Dhub , " said Abdirahman Omar Osman , spokesperson for the country 's president . Somalian Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon put out a statement condemning what he described as a "  terrorist attack " and offering "  his condolences to the civilian casualties . " "  We -- the Somali people and the Somali government -- will stand shoulder-to-shoulder to defeat these killers , " Shirdon said . "  These terrorists will not defeat us but  will  make us stronger . " It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack . But Somalia has seen such violence before . Some of it has been traced to Al Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked organization that the U.S. government calls a terrorist group and was behind the deadly siege earlier this fall of a Nairobi , Kenya , shopping mall . A U.S. military drone strike late last month in southern Somalia killed two suspected Al Shabaab members , U.S. officials said . And a recent joint raid by Kenyan and Somali forces killed at least 30 people believed to be part of that group . Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	5 are dead , in addition to 15 wounded , government spokesman says The dead include a former acting envoy to Britain , he adds The prime minister calls the bombing of the hotel a "  terrorist attack " "  These terrorists will not defeat us but  will  make us stronger , " he adds
CNN  -- Former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards admitted Friday to having an extramarital affair in 2006 with a woman who worked on his campaign . National Enquirer editor-in-chief David Perel says the tabloid broke news of John Edwards ' affair in 2007 . Edwards has denied being the father of the woman 's child , as had been alleged in tabloid reports , and it is willing to take a paternity test . Wolf Blitzer , filling in for Larry King , spoke with David Perel , editor-in-chief of the National Enquirer , who originally broke the story in October 2007 . Blitzer also spoke with Alan Butterfield , a senior reporter for the National Enquirer who confronted John Edwards at a hotel in Beverly Hills on Thursday . Some highlights : Wolf Blitzer : What got you guys going in this direction to begin with ? David Perel : We received what we thought was a credible tip , Wolf , and we started investigating it . A lot of times when we go down this road and the story turns out not to be true , we abandon it . But the more we dug in , the more information The Enquirer uncovered that was standing up , we were able to prove that , indeed , John Edwards had a sexual affair with Rielle Hunter . We first did the story in October without naming her and then we came back with a much tougher story in December 2007 , where we not only named her , but we photographed her pregnant . Blitzer : And at that time , you did n't report that -- what you reported subsequently , that you thought that he was the father . Perel : That 's true . We know that Rielle believes that he is the father . And Mr. Edwards today , in his own statement , said he did not take a paternity test . He 's now saying that he will take one . We 've asked him for months if he would take one and he 's ignored that request . However , we do know the man that has claimed to be the father , Andrew Young , who worked for Mr. Edwards , our sources -- the same sources that led us to uncover this affair -- say that Rielle says she never had a sexual relationship with him . Watch Perel discuss Edwards ' "  character issue " " Blitzer :  Edwards  said in his statement today , "  I only know that the apparent father has said publicly that he is the father of the baby . I also have not been engaged in any kind of activity of any description that requested , agreed to or supported payments of any kind to the woman or to the apparent father of the baby . " He does say he would be more than happy to go ahead and have this paternity test , which he says would clear him . Allen , he argues that he had this affair back in 2006 . The baby was born just a few weeks ago . He said the affair lasted in 2006 , but there was no more affair in 2007 . And , as a result , he says he could n't be the father of this baby . Butterfield : Right . But why is he -- the question we should all ask him , then , why was he visiting her at 3 in the morning at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on July 21 , then if he 's not the father ? He is the father . I mean at least he believes he 's the father . Like David Perel said , that Rielle is telling everyone he 's the father and he is -- you know , why is n't there a name on the birth certificate ? There are still a lot of questions that Mr. Edwards needs to answer . Blitzer : And this other Andrew Young , who says he 's the father , you do n't believe him . Butterfield : No . Not at all . Andrew Young and his wife , Shari , moved out to the Santa Barbara area with Rielle soon after our December story . I guess they 're all living , then , as one big happy family . Watch Butterfield says he thinks Edwards fathered a love child " Blitzer : What happens , David , if he does take the paternity test and it does n't match and it shows he is not the father ? Perel : We 'll publish that . I 've made the offer to him repeatedly : take a paternity test , whatever the results are , we 'll publish it . He has refused to do that , as he 's been calling this story lies and tabloid trash and lying to the American public . Unfortunately , I think the only reason he came forward and admitted the affair is because we did catch him at the hotel meeting on July 21 and we did publish a photograph this week in the National Enquirer showing him holding the baby . We can also reveal that in addition to that meeting , he met at the same hotel a month before with Rielle Hunter and the baby , so his actions are what counts . His words have proven not to be credible . Blitzer : I guess a lot of people question the reporting of the "  National Enquirer , " in part , David , because you pay sources for information , is that right ? Perel : Wolf , we do pay sources for information after it checks out as credible and accurate . I think , in retrospect , nobody can deny the accuracy of these stories . We 've been reporting on the affair for about 10 months now . He says his statements were 99 percent truthful and yet he told the American public while running for the highest office in the land that he did not have an affair , that these were lies , lies ? This is a character issue , and he still insists he 's 99 percent truthful ? I think the truest thing that he said today in his statement was when he admitted that he 's narcissistic . Blitzer : Did you pay any sources in connection with this particular story involving John Edwards ? Perel : Wolf , we pay for photographs . We pay for information when it 's accurate . We have no problem doing that . And in this story , you know , whether we did or we did n't , I 'm not going to say . It does n't matter . You can assume we did . The thing that counts is the story has proven to be true and there is more to come .	National Enquirer reporter confronted John Edwards at hotel about extramarital affair Edwards admits affair , denies fathering child Enquirer editor-in-chief : "  Story has proven to be true and there is more to come "
CNN  We have no problem taking Wall Street executives to task for decisions that leave American families financially devastated , yet we give Silicon Valley billionaires a pass when they do the same thing . America needs to realize that instead of creating jobs , Silicon Valley is erasing them , leaving millennials financially stranded before their careers can get off the ground . Silicon Valley is tossing millennials aside like yesterday 's laptop . The commonly held belief is that with hard work and a good education , a young person in America can get a good job . But despite falling unemployment , college grads age 22 to 27 are stuck in low-paying jobs that do n't even require a college degree . The percentage of young people languishing in low-skill , low-paying jobs is 44 % , a 20-year high . Only 36 % of college grads have jobs that pay at least $ 45,000 , a sharp decline from the 1990s , after adjusting for inflation . Perhaps most depressingly , the percentage of young people making below $ 25,000 has topped 20 % , worse than in 1990 . In other words , those with a bachelor 's diploma were better off before the digital revolution . If this comes as a surprise , that 's because images from popular culture push the idea that young college graduates are shrugging off bad employment prospects with their do-it-yourself attitude . In our collective imagination , millennials are saying , "  No jobs ? That 's OK -- I 'll create my own ! " And then they solve their own problems by heading to Silicon Valley with little more than an iPhone and an idea to create the next hip app that supposedly will turn them into overnight millionaires . A fictional example of this new breed of young idealistic entrepreneur would be Mike Bean , founder of Internet behemoth Gryzzl on the show "  Parks and Recreation . " Played by Blake Anderson , Bean might best be described as "  barefoot and pregnant with ideas . " The bumbling entrepreneur conquers the world practically by accident , armed only with his digital savvy , a can-do spirit , and a penchant for invading users ' privacy . You get the idea that his success came easily . Privacy concerns aside , the Mike Beans of America are just about as rare as the Mark Zuckerbergs . In fact , the percentage of people under 30 who own private businesses has reached a 24-year low . Garages across the country are not exactly humming with millennials launching tech startups . But wait -- wo n't the digital economy eventually lead to better jobs ? After a period of adjustment , wo n't things get better ? Unfortunately that 's not the path we 're on . One of the biggest misconceptions about the digital economy is that for every middle-class job rendered obsolete by technology , there 's a new , equally good  or better  job created by Silicon Valley . But exactly the opposite is happening . The digital economy is vaporizing the good jobs and replacing them with two kinds of jobs : minimum wage jobs  think Amazon warehouse employees  and so-called "  sharing-economy jobs "  think Uber drivers  . The sharing-economy jobs are even worse than minimum wage jobs because they offer no stability or protections for workers . Sharing economy jobs are n't really jobs at all ; they 're freelance gigs . Sure , Silicon Valley does n't owe America jobs . But something is wrong with the picture of a handful of tech billionaires overseeing a kingdom of falling wages , decreased worker protection and zero job security . This "  winner-take-all " digital economy is not sustainable . People on both sides of the political spectrum are worried . Liberal luminary Robert Reich , a professor at the University of California at Berkeley and former secretary of labor under Bill Clinton , calls the sharing economy the "  share-the-scraps " economy . Speaking of tech companies that utilize on-demand labor , such as Uber , Instacart and Taskrabbit , he says , "  The big money goes to the corporations that own the software . The scraps go to the on-demand workers . " Meanwhile , conservative columnist Ross Douthat fears a dystopian future in which "  a rich , technologically proficient society will no longer offer meaningful occupation to many people of ordinary talents . " Put simply , Silicon Valley 's utopia is the rest of America 's dystopia . And those who are punished more than anyone else are recent college graduates , whose lifetime earning potential has already suffered an irreversible setback . And if you think your own job is safe , think again . New research predicts that nearly half of all jobs are susceptible to automation over the next two decades . This is a giant leap backward , but it 's deceptively described as technological "  progress . " As anyone who 's talked to an automated system on the phone lately can attest , "  automated " usually means "  worse . " What can be done ? How can we fight this slide back toward the Middle Ages ? If we take no action , we 're headed toward a kind of digital world feudalism where there are a handful of kings , a lot of peasants and no middle class . There 's no easy fix , but we can do three things immediately . First , we can stop glorifying tech titans and start talking openly about Silicon Valley 's questionable tactics and its real job creation record  i.e. , just follow the numbers  . Second , we can encourage more lawsuits against the abusive practices of "  sharing-economy " powerhouses . Third , we can elect leaders who are vocal about holding Silicon Valley accountable for their power over the entire American workforce , including white-collar employees . The fictional Gryzzl 's tagline borrows some millennial slang : "  Would n't it be tight if everyone was chill to each other ? " Indeed it would . And if we want a better future for millennials and the generations after them , we need to challenge the prevailing Silicon Valley ethos before it 's too late .	David Wheeler : Silicon Valley does n't create jobs ; it 's wiping out middle-class jobs Young college graduates are struggling with lack of jobs , yet many still idolize Silicon Valley
It 's something you do n't often hear from the leaders of a terrorist group known for violence : We 're sorry . But that 's just what the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula said in a video message Sunday , apologizing for a hospital attack in Sanaa earlier this month that left dozens of people dead . The attackers were directed not to assault the hospital or mosque in an attack against a Yemeni Ministry of Defense compound on December 5 , but one fighter made a mistake and attacked the hospital , leader Qassim Al-Raimi says in the video . "  We confess to this mistake and fault . We offer our apologies and condolences to the families of the victims , " Raimi said in the video , which was published by al Qaeda media outlet Al-Malahim . "  We did not want your lost ones ; we did not target them on purpose . This is not of our religion or our morals . " It 's unusual to see "  such a direct , fast , public apology " from al Qaeda , CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said . "  Al Qaeda leaders seem to be waking up to the fact that if they position themselves as the defenders of Muslims , their large-scale killing of Muslim civilians needs to stop , " Bergen said . The apology comes after Yemeni government officials released surveillance video showing the hospital under attack . The surveillance footage showed patients nervously looking out of the hospital windows , then running after an explosion . In another clip , patients and staff huddle in a hallway . They watch as an attacker walks calmly toward them , activates an explosive and lobs it in their direction . "  We saw what the Yemeni channel broadcast : a gunman entering a hospital . ... We did not order him to do so , and we are not pleased with what he did , " Raimi said . "  Moreover , it wronged us and pained us , because we do not fight in this manner . " The U.S. government has designated al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula as a foreign terrorist organization and says the group has orchestrated "  numerous high-profile terrorist attacks . " Sunday 's apology , though rare , is n't the first time al Qaeda or its affiliates have apologized . In November , Syrian rebels with al Qaeda ties apologized for mistakenly beheading a wounded rebel fighter after assuming he supported Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . In 2009 , an al Qaeda spokesman released a video message offering condolences to "  unintended Muslim victims " killed in attacks . And in 2007 , Bergen said , former al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden said that Muslim victims killed by al Qaeda in Iraq "  are not the intended targets . " Behind the scenes , Bergen said , leaders of the group have expressed concerns about the impact such attacks would have on the group 's reputation . "  We know from the documents recovered at the bin Laden compound in Abbottabad by U.S. Navy SEALS in May 2011 , al Qaeda 's leaders were often writing to each other privately and also to groups they are associated with about the need to minimize civilian  Muslim  casualties and often wrote about the damage to the al Qaeda brand that killing civilians had achieved by al Qaeda operations in Iraq , " Bergen said . "  But the straightforward public apology ... is a new development . " In Sunday 's message , Raimi said the group would financially compensate families of victims in the hospital attack . But the militant leader also stressed that the group 's fighters would n't shy away from going after targets that have ties to American drones . That 's why they hit the Defense Ministry compound that day , he said . Since the attack , Yemeni government officials have repeatedly stated there are no drone operations based at the compound . Raimi said places that help American drones by spying , providing information or offering intelligence are legitimate targets . "  We have a long list of these places . In case they continue , we will continue . We will reach them , because we defend ourselves , " he said . "  We made a mistake . We accept responsibility and we are continuing with our Jihad . "	The head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula apologizes for a hospital attack "  We offer our apologies and condolences to the families of the victims , " he says CNN 's Bergen : It 's unusual to see "  such a direct , fast , public apology " Yemen 's government had released surveillance footage of the deadly attack
CNN  -- After ceding the smartphone and tablet size war to competitors like Samsung for the past few years , it appears Apple had finally decided that bigger is better . The next iPad will be Apple 's biggest ever , with a whopping 12.9-inch display screen , according to a report Tuesday from Bloomberg . That would be a huge leap from the current 9.7-inch iPad Air screen . And the report comes as Apple prepares to release not one , but two , new , bigger iPhones . Multiple reports have said the company plans to announce iPhones with displays of 4.7 and 5.5 inches . That 's compared to the 4-inch display on the iPhone 5S , and would put them more in line with their chief rival , Samsung , which has put a dent in the iPhone 's dominance with devices in their Galaxy S and Galaxy Note lines . So , what 's with the super-sizing out of Cupertino ? J.P. Gowndner , an analyst with Forrester Research , says bigger smartphones are a natural response to the way people have begun to use them . "  As our digital lives become deeper , we 're spending a lot less time speaking on phones and more time using smartphones as tools -- for communications , yes , but for paying our bills , finding the nearest ATM , looking up sports scores , taking photos , navigating around town , and other activities , " he said . "  With more digital activity and less minutes spent on voice calls , it 's only natural that phones should grow larger . " In recent years , Apple has watched as competitors managed to chip away at its smartphone dominance by offering an array of products at different prices and sizes while Apple stuck with a single flagship phone . Last year 's iPhone 5S and 5C marked the first time Apple offered more than one new version of its phone . Both have 4-inch screens . Meanwhile , Samsung 's flagship Galaxy S5 has a 5.1-inch display and the company 's Galaxy Note III has a whopping 5.7-inch screen . As phones grow , Gowndner said , it only makes sense for tablets to do the same . "  Seven - or 8-inch tablets are popular today , but if I have a 5 - or 6-inch phone , I would n't want one , " he said . "  Instead , larger screen sizes wedded with ever thinner , ever lighter materials means that I could have a 12.9-inch tablet that weighs no more than a 10-inch tablet used to weigh -- making it quite portable . " In addition to differentiating itself from the growing field of hybrid "  phablets , " a bigger iPad screen could be a step toward the goal of making tablets more than just consumption and recreational devices . Analysts say they can see design , manufacturing , education as just a few areas in which a bigger display would be useful . But is bigger really better ? Some in the mobile world have argued against that . Among them : Apple . "  You can hold it in one hand , " Apple marketing vice president Phil Schiller said when introducing the 7.9-inch iPad Mini in 2012 . Founder Steve Jobs was adamant until the end that a 3.5-inch screen was the perfect size for a smartphone screen . "  You ca n't get your hand around it , " Jobs said in 2010 , as rivals running Google 's Android operating system began rolling out bigger phones . "  No one 's going to buy that . " According to a 2013 study by mobile designer and author Steven Hoober , 59 % of smartphone users operate their device with one hand , perhaps lending some credence to Jobs ' argument . "  As with the iPad Mini -- which Steve Jobs said was a bad idea before he passed away -- a larger iPad would be a departure for Apple , " Gowndner said . "  But it 's a welcomed one : Market segmentation is important , and there are buyers who would benefit from a larger device . "  Tim Cook will continue to put his own imprint on Apple , and we 'll see if the bets he makes succeed . "	A report says the next iPad will have a 12.9-inch display That 's up from 9.7 inches , and follows news of bigger iPhones Analyst says bigger screens go along with how we use phones If phones become "  phablets , " tablets need to get bigger , too
CNN  -- Lots of love for "  12 Years a Slave . " A big push for "  American Hustle . " Nothing for "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler . " The Hollywood Foreign Press Association , the little group  about 100 members  with the outsized influence , presented the nominations for the 71st Annual Golden Globes on Thursday morning , and some trends quickly became obvious . Given that the Globes are often used as tea leaf samples with which to forecast the Big Daddy of awards shows -- the Oscars -- what do they indicate ? 1  "  12 Years a Slave " and "  American Hustle " are the front-runners . "  Slave , " the Steve McQueen film about a free man taken into slavery in 19th-century America , dominated the proceedings among dramatic films .  The Globes spread the wealth by having categories for both film dramas and film comedies , and do the same for television shows .  It received seven nominations , including nods for best drama , best director , best actor in a drama  Chiwetel Ejiofor  , best supporting actor  Michael Fassbender  and best supporting actress  Lupita Nyong ` o  . "  Hustle " matched that number , earning nominations for best comedy or musical , best director  David O. Russell  , best actor in a comedy/musical  Christian Bale  , best actress in a comedy/musical  Amy Adams  , best supporting actor  Bradley Cooper  and best supporting actress  Jennifer Lawrence  . Expect a lot of the same when the Oscar nominations are announced January 16 . 2014 Golden Globe nominations : The list 2  You call these comedies ? Of the five films nominated for best comedy or musical , none is an out-and-out laugh riot . In fact , a couple are as dark as they come -- and probably richer than the nominated dramas . "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " the Coen brothers film about a struggling folksinger in early - '60s New York , features an unpleasant lead character who mooches off some friends and alienates others . "  Nebraska , " directed by Alexander Payne  "  Sideways "  , stars Bruce Dern as a curmudgeonly old man convinced he 's won a big cash prize ; like all of Payne 's films , it has plenty of bitter with the sweet . "  The Wolf of Wall Street " is a three-hour Martin Scorsese film about a crooked financial trader on a headlong rush to trouble . There 's no "  Bridesmaids " - like film in the bunch -- nor , for that matter , a "  Secret Life of Walter Mitty . " Special coverage of Awards Season 2014 3  "  The Butler " got shown the door . In the Screen Actors Guild nominations , announced Wednesday , "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " did surprisingly well , earning nominations for ensemble  the equivalent of best film  and performers Forest Whitaker and Oprah Winfrey . None of them were nominated for a Globe -- and this despite the fact that the Globes often appear to hand out nominations based as much on star power as quality . Sorry , Oprah : You 'll have to be invited like any other guest . Also getting short shrift from the Hollywood Foreign Press : Scorsese , who missed out on a directing nod ; "  August : Osage County , " which picked up two acting nominations but nothing for film , director or screenplay ; and Woody Allen , though two of his "  Blue Jasmine " stars got nominated . Not that Woody would have shown -- the awards-show curmudgeon , who never goes to the Oscars either , will receive the Cecil B. DeMille Award from the HFPA , but Diane Keaton is scheduled to accept on his behalf . 4  No SAG Award nomination ? No problem ! OK , so "  The Butler " got stiffed by the Globes . Not so for "  Rush , " which earned a nomination not only for Daniel Bruhl -- who did get a SAG nod -- but also for the film itself . And how about Kate Winslet ? There 's been little chatter about Jason Retman 's "  Labor Day , " but she earned a best actress  drama  nomination . Robert Redford also got tabbed . The venerable 77-year-old actor , who 's a one-man show in "  All Is Lost , " picked up a best actor nomination . His snub by the SAGs may have been Wednesday 's biggest surprise . 5  Watch out for "  Gravity . " Alfonso Cuaron 's film has a spare screenplay and a small cast . Indeed , its lack of a true ensemble could have possibly hurt it with the SAGs . But Sandra Bullock got an acting nod  as she did from the SAGs  , and the film also earned Globe nominations for drama , director Cuaron and its score . Oscarologists still consider it a front-runner for best picture , and the Globes did nothing to dispel that belief . Incidentally , for all the attention paid to the Globes , their real attraction is as a raucous , celebrity-studded party . The liquor flows freely and there 's generally a loose , devil-may-care vibe from the winners .  No surprise -- this is the award that once gave Pia Zadora a "  new star of the year " honor for the immortal film "  Butterfly . " The hosts , once again , will be Tina Fey and Amy Poehler , so expect a good time -- and terrible singing . The Golden Globes will be broadcast on Sunday , January 12 . The program will air on NBC . Keep up to date with the Awards tracker	Golden Globe leaders : "  12 Years a Slave , " "  American Hustle " "  The Butler " comes up empty , though Robert Redford gets Globe nomination ; he was snubbed by SAGs
At least 14 people were killed in the western Mexican state of Michoacan -- including 10 slain during a shootout with soldiers , authorities said Friday . The shootout took place in Patzcuaro . "  We are aware of 10 deaths , " said Gen. Manuel Garcia Ruiz , public security secretary in Michoacan . In a separate shootout in La Piedad , another person was killed while an officer was wounded , he said . Finally , authorities confirmed three men had died in the community of Santo Domingo . Their bodies were found Friday morning in a vehicle riddled by bullets , according to police . It was not immediately clear what , or who , was behind the violence , though Michoacan has long been a hotbed of drug-related activity . Various cartels , including the Knights Templar , La Familia Michoacana and Los Zetas , are known to operate in the area . Nearly 43,000 people have been killed in drug-related violence since President Felipe Calderon took office in December 2006 , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration .	The dead include 10 people killed in a shootout with soldiers The bodies of three men are found in a vehicle riddled by bullets One person was killed and an officer wounded in another shootout The violence was in the western state of Michoacan , a hotbed of drug-related activity
Washington  CNN  -- Is a jihadist featured on a 55-minute video released by ISIS , warning the United States against getting in its way in Iraq and Syria , an American ? That 's the question being asked by U.S. intelligence officials as they analyze a recruitment video that features the jihadist , who speaks perfect English with a North American accent , orchestrating a mass execution . The United States is doing a voice analysis and comparing what it finds to people the intelligence community has been watching , the officials told CNN on Saturday . The analysis is in its initial stages , according to the officials . Officials see the killer 's appearance in the video as significant because he comes across , they say , as articulate and persuasive -- a person of influence within the terror group . In the video titled "  Flames of War , " the jihadist first appears speaking Arabic in a classical dialect and with the ease of a native Arabic speaker , CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said . But the ISIS fighter -- who is masked and wearing a camouflage uniform -- seamlessly switches to English . There are a number of men digging a ditch behind him . The jihadist claims they are Syrian soldiers assigned to a 17th Division military base near the Syrian city of Raqqa , and who now , after an ISIS attack , are "  digging their own graves in the very place where they were stationed . " CNN can not independently verify that the men in the video were soldiers , as the propaganda video claims . How the ` Islamic State ' is run , from oil to beheadings The video then shows the speaker and a group of militants executing the men , who fall into the ditch . The man who led this atrocity on film could be an Arab who was educated in the West . Or he could be an American or Canadian . If so , Cruickshank said , he would be the first North American jihadist to commit a war crime on camera . "  Clearly ISIS had a calculated step to be able to put this guy on camera , " said Frank Cilluffo , a security analyst at George Washington University . "  Why ? Because he seems American . The message is aimed at a Western audience . " The difference between ISIS and al Qaeda ISIS , ISIL or the Islamic state ? CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	U.S. intelligence officials are analyzing the voice on a ISIS video They are comparing it with the voices of people being watched , officials told CNN The 55-minute video released by ISIS shows the jihadist leading a mass execution In the video , jihadist speaks first in Arabic , then in English
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- Officials working to free 33 trapped miners in a collapsed Chilean mine said Tuesday they had cleared a drilling hole that was blocked by a shattered drill bit . Engineer Rene Aguilar said all the pieces of the broken drill bit that were in the hole drilled by the Plan B operation had been removed , and drilling could begin again soon . The Plan B drill is widening a narrow hole drilled when rescuers first searched for the miners after the mine collapsed August 5 . That drill was making the fastest progress of the other rescue operations -- Plan A and Plan C -- when it hit an obstruction , possibly a reinforcement beam , at a depth of 268 meters  879 feet  . "  This bit was upside down and we used a spider ... to pull it out , " Aguilar said , holding up the "  nose " of the bit that he said weighed about 12 kilograms  about 26 pounds  . "  Spiders " are specially designed claws that were made to pull out the broken drill pieces . A second customized bit was expected to arrive later Tuesday , and Aguilar said a camera was being lowered into the hole to check it out before drilling restarts . But a rescue crew member who is not authorized to speak to the media said workers are not certain all the pieces of the drill bit have been pulled out . "  We 're not out of the woods yet , there may be some steel down there , " the crew member said . Meanwhile , the Plan A drill -- the only drill currently operating at the mine -- reached a depth of 283 meters  928 feet  Tuesday , Aguilar said . The Plan C oil platform drill was under construction and about 70 percent finished . Drilling in that operation , which is expected to go faster than the other two , will likely begin September 20 , Aguilar said . The miners are trapped in a safety chamber , 2,300 feet underground . Officials have acknowledged that it could be November before they 're freed . Brandon Fisher , whose Pennsylvania-based company Center Rock Inc. is rushing the replacement bit for Plan B to the site , described what happened when the drill hit the beam . "  All of a sudden , the penetration rate stopped , the drill string torqued up violently , and we tried to pull off bottom , " he said Monday . "  We were hung in the hole -- we worked at that for a while , and the bit passed out of that obstruction and then out of the hole . "  At that point in time , we really did n't know what the problem was until we cleared the rotary table and brought it back to surface . " A power line dropped down to the men Sunday will allow them to install electrical lights in their safety chamber , officials said . They also were granted a long-standing request for cigarettes . Officials are sending down two packs a day to be split among the miners who smoke , Chilean Mining Minister Laurence Golborne said . Cigarettes were among the first requests made by some of the miners , but they were instead supplied with nicotine patches and gum . Upgrades made to ventilation in the mine led officials to decide to allow them to smoke , Golborne said . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann in Copiapo contributed to this report .	NEW : Engineer says all the pieces of the drill bit have been removed NEW : The Plan A operation reached a depth of 283 meters Tuesday A rescue crew member , however , says it 's not certain all the pieces are out Tuesday is Day 40 for the miners
CNN  -- Neil Sobleski of Dayton , Ohio had been looking forward to it more than anything else . "  I was 4 years old in May of 1980 and already a certified ` Star Wars ' maniac , " he said . "  I had a slew of the toys , and they were my most prized possessions . " On the fateful day when he went to see "  The Empire Strikes Back , " the second movie in the original "  Star Wars " trilogy , Sobleski had little patience for the movie to start . "  I remember that my mom and I were going to see the movie with my aunt , and I found the wait to get to the theater at the local mall in St. Clairsville , Ohio , excruciating , " he said . "  After what seemed like an eternity , we were finally seated at the theater , and the familiar ` Star Wars ' title logo was blazing from the screen , larger than life , with the opening crawl going by as fast as I could read it . For the next two hours , I was riveted to the screen . " There is one moment everyone remembers from the "  The Empire Strikes Back " more than anything else : The revelation that Darth Vader is , in fact , Luke 's father . Then 9-year-old John Booth remembers the moment well . "  I heard from some kids that Darth Vader was Luke 's father , and even though it was spoiled , it made me want to see it even more , " he said . Still , that was nothing compared to hearing Vader himself say it in the movie . He vividly remembers the reaction he and his friends had at the time . "  We were just kind of frozen and just kind of gaped at each other . " For Booth , there were little moments that stood out as well , like seeing the back of Darth Vader 's head . "  It really creeped me out and fascinated me when I was little . " It 's moments like these that left a mark on so many "  Star Wars " fans . Thirty years to the day after its release , iReporters and others are remembering what made "  Empire " so special and how it 's affected them to this day . iReport : Why "  Empire " mattered For Heidi Sweetwater , seeing the movie for the first time "  was extremely tense ... you 've heard on the ` edge of your seat ' expression . I was literally on the edge of my seat the whole time . I have n't had an experience like that since , " she said . "  For people in my age bracket , that was the first time there were special effects like that . " Since then , Sweetwater has amassed quite the collection of "  Star Wars " Pez dispensers . After a journey to Hoth , the first appearance of Yoda , seeing fan favorite Boba Fett in the flesh , Han Solo frozen in carbonite  which "  literally made me fall out of my seat in terror , " according to Sobleski  and a cliffhanger ending , the credits rolled . After that , these fans would never be the same . "  This movie was opening my mind to the infinite potential that was possible in the universe and within me , " Sobleski said . "  Yoda 's admonition to ` do or do not ' became my personal motto before I was old enough to know what a motto was , and a lifelong love of science and flight was born that continues to this day . I tell people all the time that if it was n't for ` Star Wars , ' and especially 'Em pire , ' I probably would n't be an aerospace engineer today . " iReport : "  Empire " changed my life Sobleski is far from the only person whose life took a new direction after seeing the movie . Consetta Parker actually married a "  stormtrooper . " "  When I saw 'Em pire ' for the first time , I cried  in the best possible way  . I walked out of the theater transformed , and it was like I was seeing things differently for the first time , " she said . Before she even returned home , 9-year-old Parker immediately began collecting merchandise from the movie and drawing her own posters with "  Star Wars " themes . Soon after , she wished to meet a boy who loved "  Star Wars " as much as she did . A year later , she got her first job , with her only motivation to buy more "  Star Wars " toys . Many jobs later , she worked at a press junket for the final "  Star Wars " movie , "  Revenge of the Sith , " on Skywalker Ranch , and she met one of the many stormtroopers there made available for filmmaking . "  The first thing I said to him was ` Are n't you a little short for a stormtrooper ? ' " Her wish from years before would soon come true . On May 4 , 2008 , they were married at the George Lucas Theater in San Rafael , California , with many other stormtroopers , "  R2-D2 " and "  Darth Vader " in attendance .  Parker is actually one of two iReporters who had an elaborate "  Star Wars " - themed wedding . iReport : I married a stormtrooper The movie holds a special place in the heart of many hardcore fans like Parker . Comedian Paul Scheer counts himself among those fans . "  Puppets , robots , lightsabers , crater monsters , carbonite , the tauntaun sleeping bag and Boba Fett . How can you not love this movie ? " he said . " 'Em pire ' is the one film that I have watched so many times that I actually wore out the videotape and broke it when I was a kid . " Scheer was one of many celebrity fans who attended a charity screening of the movie on Wednesday night . "  It holds up . Surprisingly , it also develops characters , mythology and keeps you invested in the relationships as well as the action , " he said . "  Plus the effects look really good . Yoda , in puppet form , looks more real than 98 percent of CGI creatures you see in movies . It 's crazy to think that the advancement of technology actually hindered the prequels . " iReporter Arturo Navarro refuses to even acknowledge the prequels : "  In my mind , they do not exist ! " He is one of the purists , or as he calls them , "  true ` Star Wars ' fans " who did n't even like the 1997 special editions released in theaters , saying they ruined the original trilogy . iReport : "  Empire " was the best Booth might not go quite that far , but he certainly remembers the "  Empire " era fondly . He literally wrote the book on the subject : "  Collect All 21 ! Memoirs of a Star Wars Geek - The First 30 Years . " From "  the biggest one-two punch cliffhanger ending ever , " to the endless amounts of merchandise available , memories always come flooding back when Booth thinks about "  Empire . " " -LSB- Anything -RSB- from that time stirs nerves of excitement and anticipation . 'Em pire ' is the best in the ` Star Wars ' bunch . "	30 years later , fans remember seeing "  Empire Strikes Back " for the first time For some fans , it was a turning point in their lives Consetta Parker got her wish to marry a Stormtrooper iReport : More "  Empire " memories
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Quick question : Who is the world 's third biggest smartphone maker ? BlackBerry ? Guess again . HTC ? Nope . It 's Huawei . Yes , it 's a paltry 5 % of the global market , but the Chinese company that made its name selling telecom equipment is making a big push into the already crowded global smartphone market . I saw that ambition first hand at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona earlier this year . Huawei ads were posted all over the airport to greet the throngs of international conference-goers . The company also occupied a huge booth at the venue positioned just across from Samsung . But just how big does Huawei -- the smartphone maker -- want to get ? At company headquarters in Shenzhen in southern China , I talked to Richard Yu , CEO of Huawei 's Consumer Business Group . He told me his division hopes to boost its mobile business revenue from $ 7.5 billion to $ 9 billion this year . "  Last year , we shipped out 32 million smartphones in quantity and this year we hope we will ship out 50 to 60 million smartphones worldwide , " he said . "  We are growing . " The market priority for Huawei 's Consumer Business Group is China , followed by Europe and Japan . But -- when it comes to smartphones -- it 's not ruling out the U.S. market despite the recent back and forth about Huawei 's commitment there . In the U.S. , the name Huawei is widely regarded with suspicion . Lawmakers are worried that Huawei products can be used as a hidden channel for Chinese spies and cyber hackers -- a charge that Huawei has denied . Despite the trust issues and the fact that many Americans ca n't even pronounce the name of the company , Huawei has sold and will continue to sell its phones in America under the Huawei brand . "  Gradually , step by step , more and more people will trust Huawei , " said Yu . "  I think with a brand , the most important thing is trust . " Huawei prides itself on its investment in research and development -- 70,000 of its 150,000 employees are in R&D -- as well as its high-end products like the $ 500 Ascend P2 , which is billed as the "  world 's fastest 4G LTE smartphone . " Yu told me his personal favorite is the Ascend D2 , Huawei 's $ 600 flagship smartphone that is water-resistant -- a point famously made by Yu when he posted a photo of himself swimming with the smartphone on his Sina Weibo account . But Huawei is more widely known for its $ 100  Y-300  smartphone -- a cut-price device that Josh Ong of The Next Web says is the company 's competitive advantage and branding bane . "  Huawei is going to be able to execute on smartphones at lower costs than some of its international competitors , " he said . "  It does n't have the cachet or consumer loyalty that Apple and Samsung do . " My colleague Dayu Zhang in Beijing offered this on-the-ground Chinese consumer perspective : "  To me and my friends , Huawei is more like a brand of low-end , cheap smartphones . "  Such  Chinese brands are popular among the ` ant tribe community , ' which refers to young people who come to the city for a better job but got stuck with low-paid jobs and high costs to live in the city . In their eyes , these Chinese smartphones are a lot cheaper than big brands like the iPhone and almost as good . " Huawei has a reputation for making smartphones that are just good enough . But that 's not good enough for Huawei . To upgrade its image , the company says it will bypass expensive branding campaigns and splashy ads to focus on innovation to generate viral , word-of-mouth recommendations . And that will take time . "  Rome was not built in a day , " said Yu . "  We have the ambition to be the best -- to have the best products and be the best solution provider . " Would you buy a Huawei smartphone ? Perhaps , if that 's what you 're after . They 're "  good enough . " Would you want to buy one ? Not yet . And that 's the question Huawei has its designs on .	China 's Huawei is now the world 's third biggest smartphone maker The Shenzhen-based manufacturer has designs on markets outside China U.S , lawmakers worry Huawei products could be hidden channel spies , hackers The company produces smartphones priced much lower than rivals such as Apple
Seattle -- The crops for sale carry labels like "  dark vader , " "  uk cheese " and "  white russian . " But the overwhelming smell of cannabis gives away the fact that there is really only one item for sale here : medical marijuana . There was little publicity for Seattle 's first medical marijuana farmers market held on Sunday . No posters or signs were hung outside the market 's venue , a small club where "  erotic poetry " readings are held . Word of mouth alone though packed the hall as hundreds of people lined up to go in . They gained entrance with a recommendation from a health care provider stating that they need marijuana to treat a medical condition . "  I am actually standing upright because of cannabis , there 's nothing else I found that would help me with chronic pain issues , " said John Muise , a gaunt figure with long dangling dreadlocks . "  I could n't even explain how my life would be if I did n't have cannabis . I would probably be addicted to opiates and in a wheelchair . " Despite the packed crowds and stands full of marijuana , the farmers market operates in a legal gray zone . "  Medical marijuana is not legal in the state of Washington , " said state Department of Health spokesman Donn Moyer . A law passed in 1998 allows for what is called the "  medical marijuana defense " -- that allows for juries to take into account if someone charged with pot possession was taking the drug for health purposes . Under the current law , certain health care providers like doctors or nurse practitioner can issue the recommendations for medical marijuana for a variety of ailments including cancer , HIV and anorexia . But unlike in California or Colorado where medical marijuana initiatives led to an explosion of dispensaries that provide the drug , in Washington the medical marijuana community has remained , for the most part , underground . "  Dispensaries are not legal , co-ops are not legal here , " Moyer said . "  The intent of the law is that you receive medical marijuana from a designated provider who can only help one patient at one time . Some people are interpreting that as they provide marijuana to someone and then 15 minutes later do it again for another patient . " "  It 's a city by city , county by county situation right now , " said Philip Dawdy , a spokesman for the Sunday market and medical marijuana advocate who says there is still "  an old West " feel to the medical marijuana community in the state . In Seattle , however , medical marijuana users have something of safe haven . A 2003 measure officially pegged arresting people for personal use of marijuana as the lowest priority for the city 's police department . Still fears persist among medical marijuana users . At the market , several attendees asked the handful of news crews present not to take images of them . One couple said they would lose their jobs as teachers if the school where they worked found out they were at the event . "  This could be construed as dealing drugs , " medical marijuana grower Ken Bell said as a line of customers grew in front of his "  Ken 's Medicine Bowl " stand . "  We need the state to clarify the gray areas . " Market organizers said they are hopeful that a bill working its way through Washington 's legislature will provide medical marijuana users and growers in the state surer legal footing to operate on . In the meantime , organizers say they will hold more farmers markets and push for medical marijuana rights -- within limits . "  We do n't want to be anything like California , " market spokesman Dawdy said . "  They literally have dispensaries on top of each other in Venice Beach and out in the valley . "	Recommendation from a health care provider needed to shop at the farmers market The market operates in a legal gray zone in the state of Washington Organizers hope a bill in the state legislature will give medical pot users better legal footing
CNN  The world 's richest club Real Madrid has come out fighting over football 's world governing body 's investigation into the club 's youth transfer policy . Barcelona has already been hit with a transfer ban after breaching regulations when signing young players , but rival Real insists it has complied fully with FIFA 's rules when conducting its own under-age deals . Real said it has shown "  extraordinary diligence " during the transfer and registration of the 51 cases of foreign minors that are being investigated . The Spanish club issued a lengthy statement confirming the governing body 's request for documents relating to the various deals taking place over the last five years , though it did not name any of the players . "  Real Madrid defends the protection and the correct and healthy development of minors via its strict adherence , without exceptions , to the Regulations on the Status and Transfer of Players , and is in complete agreement with such investigations being carried out to this end , " the statement read . Article 19 of FIFA 's regulations prohibits the transfer of players under the age of 18 , unless they meet one of three qualifying criteria . Under-age players can move to a club in a different country if their parents move there for non-footballing reasons , if they are from another nation within the European Union or European Economic Area and aged between 16 and 18 , or if they live within 100km of the club . Real provided explanations for each of the 51 cases , stating that the majority of players were exempt from regulations for various different reasons . Among the exemptions it provided were that 10 players were Spanish nationals , 23 foreign players had previously been registered with other Spanish clubs , six players were 18 or over at the time of their registration , two players had never belonged to Madrid and one player appeared twice on FIFA 's list . Real also offered up further explanations for the remaining nine cases . "  Real Madrid has responded diligently , supplying all the information required by the Committee within the established deadlines and in complete documentary detail , " added the Real statement . "  Both Real Madrid and the RFEF -LSB- Royal Spanish Football Federation -RSB- , through which the informative investigation is being processed , have been left totally satisfied with the information supplied and have verified the strict adherence to the registration regulations in absolutely every case . " Madrid director Emilio Butragueno had earlier confirmed Monday that FIFA is investigating the club , but is confident there is nothing to worry about . "  We are in agreement with FIFA in this matter and we will continue collaborating with them in everything that is asked of us , " he told reporters . "  We are absolutely calm about how Real Madrid has proceeded . " Madrid , who sit top of the Spanish La Liga , completed the signing last week of 16-year-old Norway international Martin Odegaard from Norwegian club Stromsgodset .	Real Madrid confirms FIFA investigating club over 51 under-age transfers Madrid says it has complied fully with the governing body 's rules Spanish club has given explanations for each of the cases
CNN  -- Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored all four goals in Sweden 's 4-2 win over England -- but his final shot was something special . His audacious overhead volley from 30 yards was labeled on social networking sites as the greatest ever soccer goal . What do you think ? Share your views on Ibrahimovic 's wonder goal .	Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores a 30-yard overhead kick Ibrahimovic scored all four goals for Sweden
CNN  -- On Monday , NBA player Jason Collins disclosed that he is gay , making him the first active openly homosexual athlete in the four major American pro team sports . His coming out has been the big sports story of the week and has lots of people talking -- CNN contributor Will Cain and Minnesota Vikings punter Chris Kluwe are no exception . Here 's their discussion : Will Cain : Chris , you , Brendon Ayanbadejo and Scott Fujita have done a noble job offering support to closeted gay NFL players . If I played in the NFL -- preferably for the Dallas Cowboys -- I would join you . A few months ago , you wrote a column on CNN.com laying out your position . I could not have joined you on that . I think you went too far when you said : Players -- Those of you worried about a gay teammate checking out your ass in the shower , or hitting on you in the steam room , or bringing too much attention to the team -- I have four simple words for you . Grow the f *** up . I am a pro-gay marriage conservative . And I 'm pretty damn confident in my sexuality . If we all get naked and go to brunch , I 'm not going to be uncomfortable . But that 's not a standard I expect of everyone . Yet , all of sudden , this seems to be the standard . Anyone uncomfortable sharing a locker room -- being naked -- with someone else who is potentially attracted to them is labeled "  afraid of gay people , " insecure or a homophobe . This is what happened to former NBA player Larry Johnson this week when he tweeted : I do n't Jason Collins personally but he seems like a great guy . Me personally gay men in the locked room would make me uncomfortable . I think we 're asking too much . Johnson 's discomfort is n't illogical . And I bet he 's hardly the only one who feels this way . Chris Kluwe : I would counter that with this -- there was a time when white men were uncomfortable showering with black men , or having them in the locker room . But as long as someone respects your personal space and does n't harass you  verbally , physically or sexually  , I fail to see what their sexuality , religion , race or personal beliefs have to do with any comfort or discomfort you might feel . Will : I do n't think the black people-white people analogy is a good parallel . That was discomfort driven by racism . This is discomfort driven by potential sexual attraction . The better analogy is gender . Why do we have separate bathrooms for men and women ? Chris : No , this is discomfort driven by sexism . Has there ever been a single reported case of sexual harassment in a professional sports environment by one player toward another ? What makes you think that because all of a sudden a player is allowed to openly be himself that he 's immediately going to start mounting every guy in sight ? Is n't that the very definition of narcissistic tendencies by straight men who think that way ? What makes you think you 're that player 's type , or that he would ever be attracted to you ? One of the reasons we have separate bathrooms for women and men is because men have a long history of violent behavior toward women , particularly when they feel women are vulnerable . And so we have separated the sexes in those situations . Are you telling me that a professional athlete would n't be able to defend himself in the shower if a gay teammate suddenly decided , despite every single social norm we are raised with , that he was going to start humping his teammate 's leg in a work environment ? Will : No . I 'm not telling you that . I 'm not making any of the arguments you just blasted . You 're right , one of the reasons we have separate men and women bathrooms is the potential for violence . But another reason is due to the discomfort of being checked out by someone who could be attracted to you . No honest straight man can say if he was put in a locker room full of naked ladies he would n't check out one , a few , or all of the women . It would n't be creepy , it would n't be deviant -- it would be normal . And no one would suggest in that situation : Get over yourselves ladies , do n't be so narcissistic , your discomfort is your problem . The argument that I 'm actually making is that potential sexual attraction creates a new dynamic in the locker room . And while it does n't make me uncomfortable , I think it 's absurd to say someone like Larry Johnson 's discomfort is illogical . In the end , I do n't have a solution to this problem . It is n't for players to live a lie and stay in the closet . But the lack of a solution does n't require us to veer so far into political correctness to pretend there is n't a problem . Chris : But here 's the thing . There have been gay athletes before . We know this because several of them have come out  Jason Collins while active , others after they were done playing  . Simple statistics say there have to have been many others that never came out . And yet , somehow , there 's never been a single reported incident of one athlete sexually assaulting another athlete , whether it 's in the shower or anywhere else in the locker room . Essentially , what you 're arguing is that because something that has never before happened in the entire history of professional sports might possibly maybe potentially happen if someone were to absolutely lose their mind and ignore every standard of decency and common behavior that we learn from a very young age , that we should force people to live a lie . I find I can live with the discomfort of people who ca n't wrap their minds around the idea that the world does not revolve around them . They can always shower somewhere else if it bugs them that much . I 'll be in there dropping the soap , perfectly secure in the knowledge that I have a wife who loves me , whom I love back , and that there is an HR department in my organization I can turn to if something inappropriate were to occur . In fact , I 'd probably be flattered if someone told me I looked good . I 'm comfortable with who I am . Other people deserve the same chance . Will : No , again , that 's not what I 'm arguing . I did n't mention sexual harassment . I certainly did n't mention sexual assault . I did specifically mention "  living a lie " and said no one should be forced to do that . I am only recognizing reality and human nature and observing that people will get checked out . Getting checked out would flatter you . It would flatter me . But I 'm pretty sure it would n't flatter everyone . Take a quick poll of all the ladies you know about how they feel when they 're ogled . Would they all feel flattered ? I do n't care if gay guys are in the locker room . I care about intellectual consistency . If people like Larry Johnson , who are uncomfortable , get labeled as homophobes ... then any ladies who have a problem with you in the locker room are prudes . Again , I do n't care ... we can all meet up in the showers at the YWCA this afternoon . Or we become more understanding of other 's discomfort . You get it one way or the other . Trying to split the difference is just politically correct emotionalism . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Cain and Chris Kluwe .	Will Cain and Chris Kluwe debate having openly gay athletes in the locker room Cain : Larry Johnson 's discomfort with openly gay athletes in the NBA is understandable Kluwe : A person 's sexual orientation should n't be a problem in a professional setting Cain : Gay athletes should n't have to live a lie , but some people will be uncomfortable
CNN  -- Dozens of Defense Department personnel are actively engaged in fighting the wildfires raging in Southern California , Pentagon officials said Tuesday , and thousands more National Guard and active-duty military personnel are available to help . The Rice fire , east of Camp Pendleton , caused the evacuation of the Fallbrook community . Paul McHale , assistant secretary of defense for homeland defense , said that 12 Defense Department firefighting teams , with 12 engines , are already working the blazes and more than 17,000 National Guardsmen are potentially available if needed . In addition , he said , 550 Marines from Camp Pendleton are preparing to deploy to the fire area . "  All of the aid that we provide is the result of a request ... from the state , " McHale said . "  However , we have been very proactive in independently preparing those capabilities for the possibility of such requests , and we have reached out early to state officials . " California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has already called up 1,500 National Guard troops , including more than 200 taken from border duty to help with supplies and security at San Diego 's Qualcomm Stadium and DelMar Fairgrounds and Racetrack , where thousands of evacuated residents are taking shelter . Schwarzenegger also requested and received from the federal government six "  modular airborne fire fighting systems " units -- which are C-130s that drop water and fire suppressant on the blazes . Watch California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger talk about the crisis " The Pentagon provided 11 helicopters equipped with water buckets to fight the fires , McHale said . Aerial attacks on the fires , however , have been minimal because of high Santa Ana winds with gusts approaching 70 mph . In an effort to make room for more civilians who have had to evacuate their homes , sailors stationed in Southern California are abandoning their barracks . "  Orders have been given to all sailors ashore in barracks to move to shipboard billeting to provide room for evacuees , " said a Tuesday statement released by the U.S. military . Only essential personnel are requested to report to duty at Naval Base San Diego , Naval Amphibious Base in Coronado , and Naval Air Station in El Centro . Those bases have also set up cots and tents for evacuees . Also , the Navy has offered an Aegis cruiser , a guided missile destroyer , and two fast frigates to support evacuation efforts . Meanwhile , the Pentagon designated March Air Reserve Base as the primary staging area for medical and relief supplies coordinated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency , McHale said . And some 100 California National Guard medical personnel are helping alleviate "  critical staffing shortfalls " at the San Diego Veterans Center , whose hospital staff are under voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders . The fires are also having a direct effect on military personnel -- McHale said 1,400 Navy personnel and their families have been forced to evacuate , and Camp Pendleton ordered 3,000 Marines to evacuate because of the fire , the Pentagon announced Tuesday evening . In all , the military has about Video 20 facilities around the San Diego area . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Fires at Camp Pendleton cause evacuation of 3,000 marines Military lending direct and indirect assistance to firefighting efforts As firefighting efforts go on , base officials poised to evacuate Navy and Marine Corps have more than 20 facilities in San Diego area
CNN  -- "  Why did you turn off the RV ? " Alyssa Padgett recalls asking her husband , Heath , as their 29-foot RV careened off an exit toward the small town of Williams , Arizona . "  I did n't , " he replied . Just 10 days into their cross-country honeymoon , the fuel pump in their camper , lovingly known as "  Franklin , " malfunctioned . Then came the propane leak , the broken refrigerator , the leaking roof and the fender bender in an Oregon parking lot , to name just a few of the couple 's bumps in the road . It 's all part of the "  grand adventure " the 23-year-old newlyweds from Texas were looking for when they set out on June 1 for a seven-month , 50-state road trip -- and an extended honeymoon . As their May 24 wedding date approached earlier this year , the pair decided it was an opportune time to do a little soul-searching together . "  We 've lived in Texas our whole lives , 22 summers , " Alyssa says . "  We wanted to go on this grand adventure and figure out where we wanted to live . We figured why do n't we just do all of it at once ? " The couple says the plan quickly escalated from "  let 's just move to California " to "  let 's make a documentary about finding meaning in your work , " an issue with which they both were struggling . Both of them had always wanted to pursue a career in writing outside the day jobs they had settled into , but had never quite figured out how to translate their hobby into a dream career . So the couple quit their jobs -- Alyssa at a nonprofit and Heath in software sales -- and came up with the Griswolds-inspired scheme . "  When I told my parents , Heath was n't there ... for his safety , " Alyssa jokes . As a young couple just getting on their feet , the next hardest part was figuring out how to make ends meet on the road . Heath , with a little entrepreneurial know-how , contacted Snagajob.com , an hourly employment marketplace , to help find hourly workers  which made up 58.8 % of the American workforce in 2013 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics  to spotlight during their travels . With a Wi-Fi router and a new video camera in tow , "  Hourly America , " was born , where he spends one day shadowing an hourly worker in each state , whether working at a yoga studio in Connecticut , a farm in Wisconsin or a bakery in Wyoming . Before they left , the Padgetts mapped out their route meticulously , and it now hangs above their bed so they can track their progress . They are saving Alaska and Hawaii for last and will visit them by plane  driving a rickety RV to Alaska in wintertime is not recommended , apparently  . In lieu of wedding gifts , the couple asked family and friends to donate to their GoFundMe crowdfunding site . But because of a slew of mechanical problems with the RV , the money was gone within the first month . "  We knew we 've got to get smart really fast , " Alyssa says . The couple does n't get paid for their hourly jobs that are part of the documentary . Instead , they supplement their income with freelance writing on various RV renovation and life-on-the-road websites . "  The RV industry is kind of fascinated by us , " Alyssa says , as millennials are an unconventional demographic for the RV crowd . Speaking of unconventional , so was choosing to spend their honeymoon in an RV instead of an exotic beach somewhere . "  It 's sometimes difficult to balance the chaos of life on the road with spending quality time together , but we chose this honeymoon knowing it was n't going to be traditional , " Heath says . "  We work a lot , but we work side by side . It 's not exactly sipping mimosas on the beach , but we love every minute . " The couple planned a "  honeymoon within the honeymoon " -- a weeklong drive along the Pacific Coast Highway -- to share a little of that newlywed bliss . They 'll roll back into Texas on Christmas , as their families requested , with a video and web journal of their journey plus a full "  blessings book , " as they call it . "  We started it as a way to keep optimistic , " Heath says . Like that night in Arizona when they broke down . They went into a nearby restaurant for a drink and a bowl of queso -- as one needs in those desperate times -- and met a couple , Jimmy and Karen , who teach martial arts in the small town . Their new friends bought them a beer and let them take a free class to work out some of that road stress . Alyssa and Heath say it 's little things like that -- and parking in someone 's driveway for free or watching a Dallas Cowboys game with new pals in a neighboring RV -- that keeps them going .	Heath and Alyssa Padgett are traveling to all 50 states in an RV for their honeymoon They are working an hourly job in each stop and documenting their experiences The trip will take seven months and end on Christmas To make the full 50 , they 'll fly to Alaska and Hawaii
The investigation into how AirAsia Flight QZ8501 ended up at the bottom of the Java Sea , involves recovering the bodies , accessing the flight data recorders , and meticulously mapping where debris is found to reconstruct its path . An Indonesian search and rescue official told CNN that he thinks material detected by sonar equipment in the water is from AirAsia Flight QZ8501 . So what happens next ? Priorities The first priority is to recover the bodies and return them to their loved ones , Indonesian authorities say . Helicopters are lowering divers to bring back bodies and debris from the surface of the water . The bodies give clues about what happened on the flight , based on where they 're found and their condition . For example , sea water in their lungs would suggest that the people on board may have been conscious when the plane struck the sea . There is particular attention to the location of the bodies and various debris . David Soucie , a former Federal Aviation Administration safety inspector and analyst for CNN , likens it to "  peeling an onion apart and then putting that onion back together from the inside out . " Investigators map the debris found on the surface of the water . Then they have to look for other pieces in the next level of sea for more clues , he said . "  So you might go down 50 feet or so , to see if there 's any floating debris there . And you keep going down and mapping it as it goes . You see how the drift went and how the pieces of the plane moved . " During the investigation of Air France Flight 447 , more than 150,000 images of the plane 's wreckage site in the Atlantic Ocean were taken . It was important to "  mosaic them together " to give investigators a comprehensive view of the wreckage site , said David Gallo , who co-led that search after the French jet crashed in 2009 . Data recorders The key to understanding what happened is likely contained in the aircraft 's cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder , commonly known as black boxes . If they are recovered , Indonesian authorities will designate which agency should open and download the information . The black boxes , which are actually orange , are located in the tail for Airbus 320-200s . The cockpit voice recorder collects audio from the pilots ' microphones and various channels . "  It picks up other sounds like clicks , things going wrong , thuds , hail . You can hear that on the windshield , " said Mary Schiavo , a lawyer and former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation . Acoustic experts can comb through the audio to try to determine the meaning of every click and sound . The data recorder holds hundreds of pieces of data such as airspeed , altitude , whether the plane 's nose was up or down and which direction it was headed . All that data would print out on long sheets , almost like EKGs , that authorities would use to piece together a timeline of the flight . Because the AirAsia plane was only six years old , its data recorder is fairly modern and would contain lots of parameters , Schiavo said . Challenges in the search Although the plane is in much shallower waters than where Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 is believed to have fallen , search crews face challenges . Nature certainly is n't helping . "  The problem that the search team is now facing is the monsoon season , " said Eric van Sebille , oceanographer at the University of New South Wales in Australia . "  This plane could n't have gone down in a worse time of year . There 's big winds , choppy waves . These shallow seas are known for complicated waves . It 's really difficult to work in . " This could put search and recovery crews at risk and decrease visibility . They 're also working under a deadline as the plane 's pingers , or underwater locator beacons , only last for about 30 days . Salvage operation Salvage operations to lift the wreckage are complicated , but the process has been done before in places deeper than the bottom of the Java Sea , which is about 140 feet  43 meters  down . The U.S. Navy salvaged pieces of TWA Flight 800 , which crashed off New York in 1996 , from depths of 115 to 130 feet . In 1998 , Canadian officials lifted pieces of Swiss Air Flight 111 from the depths of 180 feet , off the coast of Nova Scotia . Underwater vehicles , designed for deep water salvage operations , can descend as deep as 20,000 feet . They could retrieve smaller items such as the flight data recorder . Since they can only carry up to 4,000 pounds , larger pieces , such as the fuselage would have to be attached to a cable and pulled to the surface by a crane on a ship . This was done for recovering remnants of the fuselage of Air France Flight 447 .	Experts : First priority is to recover bodies and return them to families Location of debris and bodies are carefully logged and mapped Data recorders are key pieces of evidence Salvage operations have been used for plane crashes that were deeper than Java Sea
CNN  -- NASA and Japan improved our world view this week , or at least our view of the world . This image using ASTER imagery shows the Himalayan glaciers in Bhutan . The American space agency and Japan 's Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry have released a new digital topographic map of Earth that accurately portrays more of our planet than ever before . The new map consists of 1.3 million images taken by NASA 's Terra satellite that have been pieced together to form a unified picture of the planet . The images were taken by a Japanese imaging instrument called the Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer , or ASTER . "  This is the most complete , consistent global digital elevation data yet made available to the world , " said Woody Turner , a program scientist at NASA headquarters in Washington . The map covers more than 99 percent of Earth 's land mass from north of the Arctic Circle to south of the Antarctic Circle . During February 2000 , space shuttle Endeavour mapped about 80 percent of the planet 's surface . "  The ASTER data fill in many of the voids in the shuttle mission 's data , such as in very steep terrains and in some deserts , " said Michael Kobrick , a shuttle project scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , which manages the program . "  NASA is working to combine " the new data with that from the shuttle and other sources "  to produce an even better global topographic map . "	New digital topographic map reveals more of Earth than ever before Images were taken by Japanese imaging instrument on NASA satellite Map consists of millions of satellite images to form unified picture of planet
CNN  -- Is the greatest Olympian of all time making a comeback ? American swimmer Michael Phelps , winner of a record 22 medals at the Games -- 18 of which were gold -- fueled speculation that he could stage a comeback by undergoing two drug tests over the past five months . Phelps , who seemingly brought the curtain down on his glittering career at the end of London 2012 , has been tested twice by the United States Anti-Doping Agency  USADA  since July 1 . By entering USADA 's testing program , the 28-year-old is eligible to compete from March 2014 onwards . Swimming 's global governing body FINA requires that athletes who intend to return to competition after announcing their retirement should be tested "  at least nine months before he or she expects to return to competition . " Rumors of a possible return for the "  Baltimore Bullet " are sure to excite swimming fans , with Phelps himself refusing to rule out a comeback . "  Nothing is set in stone , " Phelps told the Associated Press  AP  . "  If I decide to keep going and swim again , then I 'll compete . "  If I do n't , I guess I 'll re-retire . Just do n't compare me to Brett Favre , " he added , referring to the famed NFL quarterback who made a string of comebacks . According to the AP article , Phelps is training with his former team at the North Baltimore Aquatic Club and has shed 15 pounds . Coach Bob Bowman insisted that his return to the pool does not mean he will be lining up at the Rio Olympics in 2016 . "  It 's premature to say that , " Bowman told USA Today . "  What we 're doing is kind of letting him have his options . "  He came back this fall and started to do some training with the group , mainly just to get in shape . He just felt like he was not fit . He was n't . "  He 's occasionally been training . He 's picked it up a little more . We were just thinking about it , and I said , ` You know , you 're getting in pretty good shape , maybe you want to swim in a meet ? ' He said , ` Well , maybe at some point . ' " If Phelps was to return to action in March , his first major international meet would n't be the Olympics but the 2015 World Championships in the Russian city of Kazan . Phelps has claimed 33 World Championship medals dating back to 2001 , including 26 golds .	Michael Phelps refuses to rule out a swimming comeback The American is the most decorated Olympian of all time Phelps has been tested twice by U.S. anti-doping officials since July 1 Under FINA rules , Phelps would be eligible to compete again in March 2014
Severe storms tore through the Midwest and South on Friday , killing at least 32 people . Tornadoes were reported from Alabama to Ohio . This comes only days after another deadly line of storms spawned multiple tornadoes , damaging hundreds of homes and businesses across seven states . Disaster relief organizations are mobilizing across the region to provide aid to survivors and begin cleanup efforts . Red Cross The Red Cross has opened 22 shelters in 11 states for displaced residents and continues to assess damage in the region . Local Red Cross chapters have dispatched emergency response vehicles to provide meals for hundreds of residents and first responders . Go online to make a donation to the Red Cross Disaster Relief fund or text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $ 10 from your mobile device . Salvation Army Salvation Army canteens and mobile feeding units are providing meals to victims and first responders in Illinois , Kansas , Missouri and Tennessee . The organization served more than 200 meals at an evacuee center in Chattanooga , Tennessee , and set up a shelter at the Cleveland , Tennessee , office . To support the Salvation Army 's Emergency Disaster Services fund , go online or call 1-800-SAL-ARMY  725-2769  . Make a $ 10 donation to The Salvation Army Midland Division serving Missouri and Southern Illinois by texting ARCH to 80888 . Team Rubicon Team Rubicon , a disaster relief organization composed of veteran volunteers , has sent two-person Veteran Response Teams to Kansas , Missouri , Illinois and Indiana . Team Rubicon 's mission is to "  unite the skills and experience of military veterans with medical professionals " in crisis situations . To support Team Rubicon 's disaster response efforts , log on to their website . Samaritan 's Purse Samaritan 's Purse sent five tractor-trailers with emergency supplies and equipment to damaged areas in Illinois , Indiana and Kentucky . Go online to donate to the Samaritan 's Purse Disaster Relief Fund . Volunteer Opportunities Harrisburg , Illinois , Police Chief Bob Smith directed anyone interested in volunteering with cleanup efforts in the area to call Operation Blessing at 618-294-9600 . Branson , Missouri , is accepting volunteers to help with storm cleanup efforts . Visit the Volunteer Branson website for more information . Volunteers interested in helping with cleanup efforts in Harveyville , Kansas , must be older than 13 and register by email to harveyvilletornado@gmail.com . For more information , log on to the United Way of the Plains website . For a more complete list of organizations helping tornado victims across the Midwest and South , log on to CNN.com / Impact .	Tornadoes touched down in several states this week causing widespread damage Dozens were killed and hundreds of homes destroyed by the storms Disaster Relief organizations are mobilizing to help victims and begin cleanup Towns in Kansas , Illinois and Missouri are coordinating cleanup volunteers
CNN  -- South African activist Zackie Achmat is a fighter at heart who 's been marching against injustice all his life . From protesting against the apartheid regime to championing gay rights , Achmat advocates for those who he believes do n't have a voice . An openly gay , HIV-positive male , Achmat has battled tirelessly to improve access to affordable treatment for people with HIV/AIDS and even risked his life for the cause . Today , the 49-year-old is most passionate about his work in South Africa 's townships , where he 's on a mission to bring better , safer public facilities to poor residents . CNN 's Robyn Curnow caught up with Achmat to discuss his battle for social justice . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : Are you the kind of person who needs to fight against something , who needs to rally against authority ? Zackie Achmat : No , I 'm exactly the opposite . I 'm the sort of person -- I really hope -- who tries to change things and who gives people a sense of dignity , of their own humanity . CNN : Anti-retroviral drugs are life saving and you used access to them to shame the South African government and have them given to ordinary poor people . Tell me about that process . ZA : It was a multi-prong process that we did . The main  element  was educating people at community levels about the relevance of anti-retrovirals . The second was using the courts -- especially the high court , constitutional court -- to enforce people 's rights . And then of course  there was  the need for a treatment plan and fighting the drug companies to bring those prices down . CNN : You refused to take anti-AIDS drugs even though you could , to make a point that ` listen , I might die in this fight until ordinary people get it . ' ZA : It was for about four and a half years , and again it 's something that caused enormous pain for my friends and my comrades and so on . But the thing I 'll always remember was one day a very , very poor woman came up to me and she grabbed my hand at a demonstration and said : ` What you 're doing is keeping me alive . ' And I knew that it was a terrible burden to carry , I 've never said this , but it was a terrible burden to carry , but at the same time it was the right thing to do CNN : Did you go to bed at night and think , ` should I just take these drugs ? ' Were you prepared to die ? ZA : Yes ! But it 's the sort of thing you put out of your head -- you prepare yourself , I was very much prepared to be dead , in a certain sense I was performing the holy martyr publicly . And in 2003 when I started taking my medicines , all that changed completely . I had to prepare for life , I made plans and my life changed phenomenally . CNN : You 're still fighting for basic social rights . ZA : All people who live in South Africa have to deal with the crime and safety situation ... the basic things , safe toilets , safe streets , safe lights , after school care and that 's what the Social Justice Coalition which I 'm part of  advocates for . We went this morning ... and people get raped when they go to the toilet .  There are  20 to 30 to 70 people sharing a toilet , toilets that are n't cleaned by the municipality , toilets that are broken , sewerage running all through people 's homes on occasion , but the most dangerous thing  for  a person in the informal settlement is  to  go to a toilet . CNN : You 've fought for social justice for your whole life . Where South Africa is now , is it what you fought for as a 15-year-old , is this what you wanted ? ZA : South Africa for me now is in a certain sense immeasurably better off than ever before , immeasurably . The dignity that black people to a degree have -- no black person has to lose their family and go to jail for it like we did under the past laws , so that 's one sense of it . On the other hand the social and class inequalities are much , much wider and much more dangerous for our society . The question we all have to ask ourselves is whether we have postponed our civil war or whether we have avoided it . Because the civil war happens daily in people 's lives when they ca n't go to a toilet safely , whether that is going to become a public thing is a different matter . And unless we address jobs , education and crime , we 're not going to be able to contain our society as a society . CNN : So the fight continues . ZA : It 's a struggle , the struggle continues and I like , I prefer the word struggle , because it has two connotations : it has the connotation of political struggle but it also has the connotation of what people do daily in order to survive . And it 's the connecting of those two that is the most important struggle in life , the struggle to be an ethical human being .	Zackie Achmat is a prominent South African political activist He is known for his battles for gay rights and better access to drugs used to treat AIDS Achmat started his fight against injustice as a young boy protesting apartheid Today he is campaigning for better public facilities in South Africa 's townships
A week after a powerful 7.0 tremor ripped through Haiti in January 2010 , time was running out for Ena Zizi . The 64-year-old woman was trapped , without food and water , eight meters under the rubble of Port-au-Prince 's ruined cathedral . A team of rescuers from South Africa worked against the clock to rescue her , with the stench of decomposing bodies in their nostrils . After two-and-a-half hours , the rescuers from the Gift of the Givers Foundation managed to pull Zizi out of the debris of the once-imposing building . The South African team , working alongside a Mexican group , made headlines around the world and became front-page news back home . Imtiaz Sooliman , who founded Gift of the Givers , says the rescue mission marked the first time rescuers from an African country pulled someone out of earthquake rubble alive in another part of the world . "  We achieved a world first for the African continent , " he says . Sooliman added that the rescue is proof of his continent 's ability to make a positive contribution to the rest of the world . "  Africa is always viewed as people receiving aid , here Africa went across another part of the world and saved somebody in another land , how much greater can it be ? " he says proudly . "  That was an achievement for Africa : This time , we are not asking , this time we are saying , ` We are going to give , ' that is a step in the right direction , " the South African doctor-turned-aid worker adds . But , it was n't the first time Sooliman 's organization made a big difference in disaster-hit areas outside Africa . Launched in 1992 , Sooliman 's Gift of the Givers has so far delivered aid to 32 countries -- from deploying the world 's first containerized mobile hospital in war-torn Bosnia and delivering food and water in flood-hit Pakistan , to helping Zimbabwe tackle its cholera outbreak and saving lives in Haiti . It is now the largest disaster relief group of African origin . Sooliman 's foundation has been providing life-saving aid for almost two decades now and he says it has been shattering stereotypes about Africa along the way . "  When I was in Pakistan in 2005 and some other countries were getting together for the earthquake , and when we came they got confused and they said , ` Who are you people ? ' " recalls Sooliman . " ' I said we 're from South Africa , ' ` Oh , you 're from Africa , did you come to ask something here ? ' I said ` No , I did n't come to ask something , I brought something , ' " he adds . More recently , Sooliman 's group was among the first to respond to the devastating famine in Somalia . Gift of the Givers say they have flown 180 tons of emergency aid from South Africa to the east African country 's capital , Mogadishu and delivered a further 2,000 tons by sea . Sooliman , a household name in South Africa , credits the media for encouraging his compatriots to give generously . "  South Africa sent a very strong statement : They said we are African and Somalia is African and we 're going to respond to our brothers and sisters in Africa -- even to the point people told me that poor people in South Africa refuse to receive donations that they normally receive . "  They said ` Give these donations to the people of Somalia , they need it more than we need it . ' It was an amazing spirit , in South Africa we call it Ubuntu : The spirit of sharing , of goodwill , of compassion , " he says . Sooliman has personally traveled twice to famine-ravaged Somalia to deliver , not only food , but also medical expertise and equipment . In what is the group 's biggest project ever , Gift of the Givers doctors have also treated thousands of people and performed surgical operations . In recognition of his humanitarian work , Sooliman has been presented with numerous accolades over for the years by several governments and organizations across the world , including the PMB civic commendation award in 1997 from Nelson Mandela . The celebrated philanthropist says he often invites the media to join him in his missions to make his group 's operation transparent and to be accountable for what he is given by South Africans . "  I tell the media , ` Come -- no restriction , no telling you what to say , speak or write , you report what you see , what you observe and what you perceive , ' and they 've been traveling with us for many missions . " Sooliman says his aid agency , which has three warehouses in South Africa packed with supplies , would be able to feed tens of thousands of people if a disaster struck now . A tireless worker , he is always ready to give his time to respond to the world 's next crisis . "  You can not turn a blind eye and say ' I ca n't do it , I do n't want to do it because I 'm tired , ' because one day somebody may be too tired to help you , how will that feel ? "	South African Imtiaz Sooliman launched the Gift of the Givers Foundation in 1992 The aid agency is the biggest disaster relief group of African origin It has delivered aid to 32 countries , including Haiti , Pakistan and Somalia Sooliman says the group proves that Africa can make a positive contribution to the world
New York  CNN  -- A day after state lawmakers were due to head home , a pair of controversial issues seem to stubbornly postpone their summer recess . The first is something that many call a quintessential New York battle : Whether to enact the first statewide cap on property taxes . The cap is linked to the extension of rent control laws that apply to roughly 1 million apartments , most of them in New York City . The second is the subject of national debate : Should New York become the sixth state in the union to adopt same-sex marriage laws ? Monday was technically the last official day of the legislative session , but the votes are still pending . On Tuesday , Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos said lawmakers had reached a "  framework for an agreement " on the rent and tax issues , but acknowledged that same-same sex marriage was not a part of those deliberations . The Senate has struggled to bring to the floor a bill that would legalize the unions , but separate talks continued Tuesday , according to a spokesman for Skelos . A vote on the measure , which the state Assembly passed Wednesday night , has been stalled in part by Republican concerns over protections for religious institutions against the potential for litigation in the wake of the proposed law . Republicans , led by Skelos , have expressed concerns over the "  unintended consequences " of a bill that redefines the legal parameters of marriage . On Monday , hundreds of demonstrators filled the state Capitol in Albany in anticipation of the vote , chanting slogans and wielding signs for and against the controversial measure . At last public count , 31 senators , including two Republicans , were in favor of the bill . Its backers need one more GOP member to vote in favor for it to pass . Gov. Andrew Cuomo , who proposed the bill , says it would grant same-sex couples equal rights to marry "  as well as hundreds of rights , benefits and protections that are currently limited to married couples of the opposite sex . " The first-term governor has lobbied opposition and undecided senators in an effort to secure the lone vote needed for the bill 's passage . Meanwhile , Greg Ball -- one of several Republican senators who are considered on the fence over the pending vote -- reiterated his party 's concerns about the legislation 's potential impact on religious institutions . "  I 'm not going to vote for a bill where Catholic adoption agencies or religious organizations are shut down or are opened up to lawsuits , " he said Friday , noting that adoption agencies were closed after same-sex marriage laws were adopted in other states . He declined to elaborate . Democrat Tom Duane , an openly gay member of the state Senate , countered Friday that there are "  already laws on the books in New York state which protect people of faith . " "  Marriage is a civil right . People get married , and it is recognized in government , " he said . "  We 're talking about the government recognizing same-sex equality . " But the passage of same-sex marriage laws faces a daunting history in the New York state legislature . The Senate rejected a bill to legalize same-sex marriage in 2009 and has blocked the last three attempts by the state 's lower house to get the proposed legislation signed into law . Although New York currently does not grant same-sex marriages , a 2008 appellate court ruling upheld the right of couples to have their same-sex marriages recognized if they are performed elsewhere . The current measure would amend the state 's Domestic Relations Law to say , among other changes , that "  no application for a marriage license shall be denied on the ground that the parties are of the same or a different sex . " Five states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont and New Hampshire -- and the District of Columbia currently grant same-sex marriage licenses . CNN 's Dana Garrett contributed to this report .	Senate leader says lawmakers reach "  framework for ... agreement " on rent , tax issues Republicans have concerns over "  unintended consequences " of same-sex marriage bill Backers need one more GOP Senate vote for same-sex bill to pass
LifeWire  -- Fifty years ago this Saturday , Laika -- a sweet-tempered stray plucked off the streets of Moscow -- was thrust into the global spotlight when she became the first living creature sent into space . A Newfoundland , like this champion named Josh , saved the life of Napoleon Bonaparte . When Sputnik 2 's canine passenger  nicknamed "  Muttnik " by the media  hit orbit , the Soviet Union grabbed the edge over the U.S. in the space race , a crux of competition during the Cold War . Sadly , Laika 's history-making voyage ended prematurely : In their rush to be first , Soviet scientists had made no provisions for her safe return . "  She died before reaching orbit , and before any real data was gleaned about sustaining life in that environment , " says Dr. Stanley Coren , professor of psychology at the University of British Columbia and author of "  The Pawprints of History : Dogs and the Course of Human Events . " But if little scientific knowledge was gleaned from Laika 's journey , her mark on world events is undeniable . "  We were behind the Russians , " says Coren . "  The U.S. quickly switched focus to putting a living being on the moon . " Laika is just one of the many canines to have left a furry legacy behind . Coren names 10 other dogs and the roles they played in history . Nos. 1 and 2 . Strelka and Belka 's successful orbit Laika was the first dog sent into space , but Strelka  Little Arrow  and Belka  Squirrel  -- launched on Sputnik 5 in 1960 for a one-day mission -- were the first to return alive . As a result , much more was learned from their mission . Strelka later gave birth to a litter of puppies , one of which , Pushinka , was given to President John F. Kennedy 's daughter , Caroline . No. 3 . How Peritas saved civilization Without his dog , Peritas , Alexander the Great might have been Alexander the So-So . When the warrior was swarmed by the troops of Persia 's Darius III , Peritas leapt and bit the lip of an elephant charging his master . Alexander lived to pursue his famed conquest , forging the empire underlying Western civilization as we know it . No. 4 . Charlie , Kennedy 's Cuban Missile Crisis companion At the height of 1962 's Cuban missile crisis , President Kennedy had his son 's Welsh terrier Charlie summoned to the chaotic War Room . The president held the terrier in his lap , petting him and appearing , by all accounts , to relax . Eventually he announced that he was ready to "  make some decisions " -- those that de-escalated the conflict . No. 5 . Jofi , the first therapy dog Sigmund Freud usually kept a chow named Jofi in his office during psychotherapy sessions , believing the dog comforted the patients . Freud 's notes on these interactions , detailed in his diaries , form the basis of modern-day pet-assisted therapy . Dog returned to fire victims " No. 6 . Urian bites Pope , separates church and state Henry VIII sent Cardinal Wolsey to meet with Pope Clement VII , hoping the pontiff would grant the ruler an annulment of his marriage to Catherine of Aragon . When the pope extended his bare toe to be kissed  as was the custom  by Wolsey , the Cardinal 's dog , Urian , sprang forward and bit the pope . Clement flew into a rage , the divorce was off and Henry -- to ensure the annulment the Catholic Church refused to grant -- later established the Church of England . No. 7 . Newfoundland saves Napoleon Napoleon Bonaparte owed his life to a nameless Newfoundland . As Bonaparte fled the island of Elba in 1815 , where he was exiled , choppy seas pitched him overboard . A fisherman 's dog jumped in after the drowning despot and kept him afloat . Napoleon lived to experience his own defeat at the Battle of Waterloo . No. 8 . Nixon professes love for Checkers In his 1952 "  Checkers speech , " Richard Nixon -- then a candidate for vice president who was accused of pawing $ 18,000 in illegal campaign contributions -- admitted to accepting an American cocker spaniel , Checkers , as a gift . "  And you know , the kids , like all kids , loved the dog , and I just want to say this , right now , that regardless of what they say about it , we are going to keep it , " Nixon said during his famous speech . His heartfelt proclamation swayed public opinion and prolonged Nixon 's political career . No. 9 . Peps , Wagner 's harshest critic Without Peps , composer Richard Wagner 's Cavalier King Charles spaniel , that helicopter scene in the film "  Apocalypse Now "  scored to "  The Ride of the Valkyries "  might sound very different . Wagner would have Peps sit on a special chair as he played his latest compositions and , based upon the dog 's reactions , he 'd keep or toss each passage . No. 10 . Donnchadh and the American Revolution In 1306 , when Edward I of England sought to bring down Robert the Bruce  and his ploy to rule Scotland  , his men used Robert 's own dog , Donnchadh , to find him . Though the animal led them to their target , he then turned and defended his master , who lived to become king of Scotland and produce a daughter who married into the Stuart family . Many generations later , the irrational actions of Robert the Bruce 's direct descendant , King George III , would cause the American colonists to rebel . Modern medicine attributes King George 's apparent madness to porphyria , a genetically transmitted disease that researchers trace back to the Scottish Stuarts . E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . E. Bougerol is a writer and editor who lives in New York City .	Several dogs have earned a spot in history A Soviet dog named Laika rode into space history A dog stood between Alexander the Great and a charging elephant One puppy got final approval on a composer 's music
CNN  -- Ethiopian distance running legend Haile Gebrselassie has shocked the world of athletics by announcing his retirement . The 37-year-old dropped out of Sunday 's New York City marathon with a knee injury then told reporters he had run his last race . "  I never think about to retire . But for the first time , this is the day , " he said . "  Let me stop and do other work after this . " Gebrselassie , a two-time Olympic 10,000 meters champion , is the world marathon record holder after setting a time of two hours three minutes 59 seconds in Berlin in 2008 . He was the star attraction in New York , but pulled out in obvious pain on the Queensboro Bridge while in the leading group at 16 miles . "  I do n't want to complain anymore after this , which means it 's better to stop here , " he said . Gebrselassie , who has set a host of world bests over several distances in his storied career , had told his twitter blog that he was struggling with a knee problem , but gave no hint he would quit the sport . His compatriot Gebre Gebremariam triumphed on his marathon debut to win in two hours eight minutes and 14 seconds . The 2009 cross-country world champion pulled clear of Kenya 's Emmanuel Mutai in the closing stages . Another Kenyan , Moses Kigen Kipkosgei , was third . Kenya 's Edna Kiplagat claimed her first major marathon title as she took the women 's race .	Haile Gebrselassie quits athletics after dropping out of New York marathon Marathon world record holder Gebrselassie was the star attraction in the Big Apple Compatriot Gebre Gebremariam wins on his marathon debut
Washington  CNN  -- Vernon Baker earned a Medal of Honor for his actions during World War II . But because of what the U.S. government acknowledges was racism against African-Americans who performed heroically in the war , it took more than 50 years for him to get what he had earned . Baker , one of only seven African-Americans to receive the nation 's highest military honor from World War II , died Tuesday at his home in Idaho , according to his hometown police and coroner 's offices . He passed away after a long battle with cancer . His wife and members of his family were by his side . He was 90 years old . Baker was orphaned at the age of 4 , and was raised first by his grandparents and later at Father Flanagan 's Boys Town in Nebraska . He joined the Army six months before the Pearl Harbor attack and was part of the 92nd Infantry Division , the first unit of "  colored " soldiers to see combat in World War II . He eventually rose to the rank of lieutenant and was leading a platoon against entrenched German machine gun nests near Viareggio , Italy , on April 5 , 1945 . His official Medal of Honor citation describes what he did : "  When his company was stopped by the concentration of fire from several machine gun emplacements , he crawled to one position and destroyed it , killing three Germans . Continuing forward , he attacked and enemy observation post and killed two occupants . With the aid of one of his men , Lieutenant Baker attacked two more machine gun nests , killing or wounding the four enemy soldiers occupying these positions . He then covered the evacuation of the wounded personnel of his company by occupying an exposed position and drawing the enemy 's fire . " After spending the better part of a day putting his life at risk to lead his unit , Baker was back in action the next evening : "  On the following night Lieutenant Baker voluntarily led a battalion advance through enemy mine fields and heavy fire toward the division objective . " Baker was originally awarded the Army 's Distinguished Service Cross for his action . But in the early 1990s , a study was done to find why none of the more than 400 World War II Medal of Honor recipients was black . The study found "  a racial disparity in the way Medal of Honor recipients were selected . " Seven African American heroes from World War II were chosen to receive the Medal of Honor from President Bill Clinton . Four of them had died in the war , and two others had died in the time since the war . Only Baker was at the White House to have the iconic star and pale blue ribbon draped around his neck . During an interview with CNN before the White House ceremony on January 13 , 1997 , Baker spoke about the racism that delayed recognition of him and his fellow Medal of Honor recipients : "  As I look back on it , it really makes me feel sad that we did our job , we fought , but we were n't appreciated " After the White House ceremony , Baker told CNN , "  I still do n't feel like a hero . I just feel I was a soldier and I did my job , and I think I was rewarded for it . " Baker is survived by his wife , Heidy , and five children . He is expected to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors .	Baker , who received the Medal of Honor more than 50 years after his heroic acts , dies at 90 He took out several machine gun nests firing on his unit in Italy The U.S. government admitted racism was a factor in Medal of Honor decisions "  I just feel I was a soldier and I did my job , " Baker said after the 1997 ceremony
Washington  CNN  -- Bill Clinton has never had a problem getting into the muck of politics . Since leaving the White House in 2001 and stepping into the role of the Democrats ' elder statesman , the former President has continually shown why he rose from humble roots in rural Arkansas to president of the United States in the first place : his political chops and willingness to use them . So when Karl Rove , the uber-Republican strategist , floated questions about Hillary Clinton 's health , it was no surprise that Bill Clinton was the one to respond from "  Clintonland , " not Hillary . "  I 've got to give him credit , " Clinton said of Rove on Wednesday at an event in Washington . "  That embodies that old saying that consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds . First they said she faked her concussion . And now they say she 's auditioning for a part on ` The Walking Dead . ' " Bill Clinton went on to say he was "  sort of dumbfounded " by the fact that Rove reportedly hinted last week that Hillary Clinton may have suffered a "  traumatic brain injury " when she fell and suffered a concussion in December 2012 . As a result of the fall , she suffered a blood clot in a vein between her skull and brain and was treated at a New York City hospital for three days . Bill Clinton said he had no questions about his wife 's health . "  Look , she works out every week , she is strong , she 's doing great . As far as I can tell she 's in better shape than I am . She certainly seems to have more stamina now , " he said . "  I do n't know but if it is you ca n't be too upset about it . It is just the beginning . They 'll get better at it . I am still waiting for them to admit there was nothing to Whitewater . " Fear factor : Rove comments show GOP 's concerns about Clinton Clinton 's response was mild , but there were undertones that there was more where that came from . According to one of the former President 's advisers , he considered Rove 's comments a weak attack . "  So stupid as to be a low hanging curve ball , " the adviser told CNN 's Jake Tapper . Gingrich slams ` Republican consultant class ' Notably , however , Hillary Clinton -- who has tried to remain above politics while she weighs a possible White House run -- remained mum about the kerfuffle . At two events in Washington on Wednesday -- one to a prominent Jewish group and another at the World Bank -- the former first lady did n't come close to addressing the Rove questions and instead left the job of responder-in-chief to her husband . The role is a familiar one for Bill Clinton . "  I think he says whatever he wants whenever he wants to , " Richard Socarides , a former Clinton White House adviser , told CNN 's "  New Day " on Thursday . "  I think it is natural . " Since his wife agreed to become America 's top diplomat in early 2009 and now that she is weighing a run at the presidency , Bill Clinton has rarely shied away from getting into the political fray . He endorsed candidates who helped with his wife 's 2008 presidential run and looked to bury those who crossed the Clintons during that failed campaign . Bill Clinton 's role is put into full perspective in "  HRC : State Secrets and the Rebirth of Hillary Clinton , " a book by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes that details Hillary Clinton 's time at the State Department . According to the authors , Jason Altmire , a former congressman from Pennsylvania , was the epitome of Bill Clinton 's political retribution . Bill Clinton defends Hillary Clinton over Benghazi "  If there was a poster boy for the betrayal-and-revenge narrative , it was Altmire , a tall , broad-shouldered former Florida State University football player who had won his western Pennsylvania House seat in the midterm Democratic landslide of 2006 , " the authors wrote , before describing the lengths the Clintons went to in the run up to the 2008 election to win over the congressman . When Altmire decided not to endorse anyone , the congressman was blacklisted and earned Bill Clinton 's ire . "  The bill for Altmire 's neutrality would come due nearly four years later , to the day , in the 2012 Pennsylvania Democratic primary , " write Parnes and Allen , when the former President choose to endorse Mark Critz over Altmire . When Critz went on to win the primary , his victory was largely attributed to two things : His strong labor support and the endorsement he picked up from Bill Clinton . Although Altmire 's anecdote is a colorful example , the story is not totally unique . On Wednesday , for example , the former President endorsed Maryland gubernatorial hopeful Anthony Brown over his top challenger , Maryland Attorney General Douglas Gansler . Bill Clinton touted Brown 's record and notes that he felt "  enormous affection " for him . Not surprisingly , Brown was a vocal supporter of Hillary Clinton 's failed 2008 bid and traveled to a number of states on the campaign 's behalf . Gansler , on the other hand , was a proud supporter of Barack Obama and co-chaired his 2008 primary campaign in Maryland . Bill Clinton 's support was so potent that when the Brown campaign announced it in April , Gansler felt it necessary to issue a statement that spelled out his "  respect " for the former President and his strong support for Hillary Clinton , "  should she choose to run " in 2016 . Whether Hillary Clinton will run is not the only question facing the Clintons right now , though . In order for her to be successful , a number of Democratic strategists have said , Bill Clinton 's role will also have to be defined . In 2008 , Clinton was a staple of the campaign trail and while he was a prolific fundraiser and campaigner , he also had a few notable blowups as things went sour . Republicans -- some of whom would probably like to see less of Bill Clinton -- suggest that he would be a political liability for a Clinton campaign . "  Hillary Clinton can not hide behind her husband on this . It was an interesting decision , if it was one , to have him come out and say anything , " said Cheri Jacobus , a Republican strategist , about Bill Clinton 's response to Rove . "  I think they need to really pull Bill Clinton back . He is not as good at this now as he used to be . " Democrats scoff at that assertion and point out that other than Hillary Clinton herself , the former chief executive is probably the one closest to her thinking on political issues and whether or not she will run . Socarides responded to Jacobus with this : "  I do n't think we will be taking your advice . "	It was no surprise that Bill Clinton responded to Karl Rove 's attack on his wife Rove , the GOP strategist , questioned Hillary Clinton 's injuries in a 2012 fall Bill Clinton 's response suggested that there was more where that came from
CNN  -- I remember when I was 10 or 11 years old , our Boys and Girls Club director , Billy Thomas , displayed school pennants sent to him by former club members who had gone off to college . I looked up at all those university names and emblems and thought , "  If I work hard and graduate from high school , anything is possible . " The staff at our club in Mount Vernon , New York , insisted that we take our education seriously . Today 's kids desperately need that same motivation . As an alumnus of Boys and Girls Clubs and the organization 's national spokesman for 18 years , I am deeply concerned about the well-being of our nation 's young people . With so many serious issues facing America , we sometimes look past our most basic responsibility as a society : to care for our young . As Proverbs states : "  Train up a child in the way he should go , and when he is old he will not depart from it . " For too many youth in our country today , that "  training " is either missing or insufficient . My time at the Boys and Girls Club made an incredible difference in my life . The club gave me the confidence to succeed and to change the course of my life . Mentors like Billy Thomas told me I could do anything I wanted to do . That sounds like a simple thing , but as a kid I was n't hearing that a lot . They gave me the positive support that I needed . Billy Thomas was far more than a staff person . He gave me that push that I 'll always credit with making the difference in my life . I look back now and think about all the time after school that I spent at the club . I started there when I was just 6 and stayed for 12 years . Many of the boys I grew up with -- friends who did n't take advantage of the opportunities the club offered -- ended up in trouble with the law and spent many years in prison . No single snapshot better illustrates the dilemma our country faces than the high school dropout crisis : -- One-third of America 's children do not graduate from high school . That percentage jumps to 40 , 50 , even 60 percent in many urban and low-income neighborhoods . -- Nationally , 1.3 million students in the Class of 2010 failed to graduate , giving the United States the dubious distinction of being the only industrialized country where young people are less likely than their parents to obtain a high school diploma . The cost to our nation in unrealized potential , and more immediate social ills such as crime , violence , substance abuse and teen pregnancy , is staggering . Many discussions and debates on the state of education in America are taking place and these must continue . But I firmly believe another piece of the education equation is often overlooked -- specifically the role of youth development and mentorship during those unsupervised hours when kids are n't at school or at home , both during the school year and the summer months . We need to reframe the education discussion by adding the out-of-school experience to the equation . Quality time spent with children during the nonschool hours -- including summer break -- builds character , encourages good health habits and increases academic performance . The most profound impact is the eventual outcome -- young people equipped with the attitude , confidence and motivation to finish high school , prepared to succeed beyond . Boys and Girls Clubs of America is making a major commitment to attack the dropout crisis . The organization 's graduation strategy -- Every Member , Every Year -- aims to ensure that every Club member advances to the next grade level on time each year . Club staff members do this by emphasizing the importance of education and high school graduation , recognizing academic successes , and reinforcing those habits and skills needed to be successful in school . We can identify young people who are at risk of dropping out and use one-on-one intervention and close collaboration with teachers to help that student develop the academic , emotional and social skills necessary to achieve academic success . We have already seen dramatic evidence that an emphasis on academic success , good character and citizenship , and healthy lifestyles works . Nine out of 10 of our club members graduate from high school or obtain a GED , according to a Harris Survey of club alumni . Nearly two-thirds said that club staff contributed to their success in high school . The question people often ask is "  What can I do to make a difference ? " My answer is that people can help based on their ability . Some can give money . Some can give products or services . Some , like me , can give their time . They can offer their unique skills or experience to make an important difference in a child 's life . It does n't have to be a huge commitment of time . Imagine the good we could do if each of us volunteered just an hour or two a week . I recently met with President Obama and thanked him for supporting our efforts and for continuing to inspire and encourage America 's young people to pursue great futures . While the president 's support is significant , all of our efforts will be needed if we are to reverse the falling graduation rate before we lose another generation of students . But reverse it we must . Our country 's future depends on it . Billy Thomas worked for the Mount Vernon Boys and Girls Club for more than 22 years . Surely you can give some of your time as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Denzel Washington .	Denzel Washington credits Boys and Girls Club and a director with helping , mentoring him Washington says the staff at the club he attended insisted kids take education seriously The club helps reduce high dropout rate by mentoring kids in out-of-school time , he writes One-on-one intervention , he says , and programs give youth confidence , motivation
KAMPALA , Uganda  CNN  -- At least 19 schoolgirls died when fire erupted in their dormitory west of the capital , Kampala , late Monday , say police and school officials . Villagers surround the gutted school building Tuesday . Authorities also found the bodies of two adults in the ashes of the blaze at Buddo Junior School in Mpigi . The school 's headmaster said 42 girls survived . Police said they were investigating the cause , but children who lived in the dorm said they heard an explosion shortly before the fire broke out . There were conflicting reports of the doors of the living quarters being barred , trapping the children inside . School officials insisted that the doors were n't locked , while girls who lived there said they were . Mpigi is about 60 kilometers west of Kampala . E-mail to a friend	19 schoolgirls and two adults die in primary school dormitory fire , police say School denies pupils ' claim that dormitory door was locked from the outside Police investigate cause of blaze at school 60 kilometers from Kampala
While President Barack Obama acknowledged Tuesday that the chances of an Ebola outbreak in the United States "  are extremely low , " roughly one in four Americans are worried that they or someone in their family will become a victim of the virus , according to a new survey . The CNN/ORC International poll , which was released Tuesday , indicates that 27 % of Americans are concerned , compared to 73 % who are not worried . More people , 41 % , are worried about being victimized by terrorism . Obama : U.S. ready to take the lead in Ebola fight Speaking about the deadly Ebola outbreak centered in West Africa , Obama said Tuesday the world is looking to " the United States to lead international efforts to combat the virus . He described the fight as a "  national security priority " because its further spread could lead to dangerous instability in West Africa and beyond . Senator : Ebola as serious as ISIS "  If the outbreak is not stopped now , we could be looking at hundreds of thousands of people infected , with profound political , economic and security implications for all of us , " Obama said from the Atlanta headquarters of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . According to the new survey , more women than men fear that someone in their family will contract the disease , 32 % to 21 % . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International by telephone with 1,014 adult Americans on September 5-7 . The poll 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	A CNN survey finds 27 % of Americans are worried about getting Ebola More people are concerned about being victimized by terrorism President Obama says chances of an outbreak in the U.S. are "  extremely low " But he says its spread in West Africa is a "  national security priority "
CNN  -- Double-amputee sprinter Oscar Pistorius will compete at the Olympic Games after he was named in both the individual 400m and the South Africa 4x400m relay squad for London 2012 . The four-time Paralympic Games gold medalist won a silver medal as part of South Africa 's 4x400m relay at the World Championships in Daegu last year , although he was left out of the line-up for the final . He also looked set to be excluded from the individual event in London after failing to run the Olympic ` A ' standard qualification mark twice in international competition . But the South African selectors relaxed their qualification rules Wednesday and named him in both events , much to his delight . "  Today is truly one of the proudest days of my life . To have been selected to represent Team South Africa at the London 2012 Olympic Games in the individual 400m and the 4x400m relay is a real honor and I am so pleased that years of hard work , determination and sacrifice have all come together , " he told his official website . "  I have a phenomenal team behind me who have helped get me here and will now put everything we can into the final few weeks of preparations before the Olympic Games where I am aiming to race well , post good times and maybe even a personal best time on the biggest stage of them all . " Pistorius , whose legs were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old due to a bone defect , runs on special carbon fiber blades from which his nickname "  The Blade Runner " derives . Saudi female Olympians : Historic breakthrough or false dawn ? He will become the first Paralympian to compete in track and field at the able bodied Olympics . The Johannesburg-born athlete is joined in the South Africa track and field team by Caster Semanya . The 800m world champion was the subject of a gender test by the International Association of Athletics Federations following her victory in Berlin at the world championships three years ago , but has since been cleared to compete . In other selection news , Team Great Britain have announced cyclist David Millar will be part of its road race team . The Scot was handed a two-year doping ban in 2004 , which prevented him competing for Britain in previous Games . But earlier this year , the British Olympic Association was forced by the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  to overturn its policy of not selecting athletes who have been found guilty of doping . CAS 's verdict opened the door for 100m sprinter Dwain Chambers to compete at his home Games . Human to Hero : Blade Runner 's 2012 Olympic ambition	Oscar Pistorius to become first double-amputee Olympian in London The 25-year-old has been selected in the individual 400 and 4x400m relay Pistorius had both of his legs amputated when he was 11 months old He won a silver medal at last year 's World Championships in the 4 x 400m relay
CNN  -- It 's arguably the biggest game in world football -- and Real Madrid warmed up for next Sunday 's El Clasico with a five-star showing led by their talisman Cristiano Ronaldo . Ronaldo fired his 17th career hat-trick to signal his intentions ahead of next weekend 's clash with arch-rivals and league leaders Barcelona and his showdown with Lionel Messi . Brazilian great Ronaldo plumps for Messi ahead of Cristiano as world 's best player The 27-year-old had stated he was feeling sad about life in the Spanish capital but this latest display would have put a smile on his face . Jose Mourinho 's men are eight points adrift of the Catalan side going into the game at the Santiago Bernabeu . While Barca will provide far stiffer opposition than Deportivo La Coruna , this was still a scintillating showing from Ronaldo and Real . Deportivo had lost on its previous six visits to the Bernabeu but took a shock lead through former Real man Riki after 16 minutes . But that was as good as it got for the visitors as Ronaldo fired his first treble since April . The former Manchester United man equalized from the penalty spot before Angel Di Maria put the home side ahead . Ronaldo grabbed his second after Sergio Ramos ' effort was only parried by the goalkeeper and Pepe added a fourth with his first goal in ten months . Ronaldo completed his hat-trick six minutes from time from the penalty spot after a handball by Evaldo Santos . Atletico Madrid claimed a 1-0 win at Espanyol to go second in La Liga with Raul Garcia 's goal enough to secure the points . Villa on target as Barcelona snatch last-gasp win at Sevilla Real Valladolid came from behind to smash six past Rayo Vallecano . Alejandro Dominguez gave the visitors a fifth minute lead before Valladolid roared back in sensational style . Alberto Bueno and Manucho soon had the home side ahead following a two-goal burst inside three minutes . Oscar Gonzalez made it 3-1 before Antonio Rukavina extended Valladolid 's lead once more . Oscar slotted home his second and his side 's fourth ten minutes after the break and Manucho completed the rout to seal an emphatic win . Osasuna scored three goals in the last eight minutes to claim a 4-0 win over Levante . Emilian Armenteros gave the home side a 10th minute lead but they were made to wait to seal the win . Roland Lamah 's doubled his side 's advantage after 82 minutes with a David Timor penalty and Nino 's injury-time strike helping Osasuna to its first win of the season . Granada grabbed its first league win of the season courtesy of a 2-1 victory over Celta Vigo . Guilherme Siqueira 's 11th minute penalty and a Gabriel Torje effort secured the points for the hosts . Cavani hat-trick moves Napoli level with Serie A leaders Juventus Edinson Cavani netted his fifth goal in six games as Napoli kept up its Serie A ambitions with a win over Sampdoria . With both teams unbeaten going into the clash , it took a second-half penalty from Cavani to separate the sides . Marek Hamsik weaved his way into the Sampdoria penalty area only to be brought down by Daniele Gastaldello . The Sampdoria man was shown a red card and Cavani smashed home the spot kick to leave Napoli level on points with league leaders Juventus . Inter Milan picked up a 2-1 win over Fiorentina courtesy of goals from Diego Milito and Antonio Cassano in Sunday 's late game . Palermo grabbed its first win of the season as Fabrizio Miccoli scored a hat-trick to seal a 4-1 win over Chievo . Miccoli fired home a stunning 13th minute free-kick only for Chievo to hit back through Marco Rigoni . Palermo looked unlikely to hang on for a point after Franco Brienza was sent off after picking up two yellow cards . But Miccoli shocked Chievo just minutes later as he fired home his hat-trick and Palermo 's third . Luigi Giorgi fired home a fourth late on to seal the win and lift Palermo off the bottom of Serie A. Bologna claimed its second win of the season after cruising to a 4-0 win against Catania . Tiberio Guarente fired home a 19th minute opener before Alberto Gilardino doubled Bologna 's lead . Gilardino scored his second just after the hour mark before Panagionis Kone sealed the win after Alessandro Diamanti 's effort had been saved . Torino produced a five-star showing as it thrashed Atalanta 5-1 . German Denis gave the home side the lead before Torino roared back in some style . Rolando Bianchi converted from the penalty spot to equalise before Alessandro Gazzi headed Torino into the lead . Alen Stevanovic 's spectacular volley made it 3-1 befpre Danilo D'Ambrosio and another Bianchi effort wrapped up the win . UEFA to take action against Lazio Lazio bounced back from its midweek defeat against Napoli with a 2-1 win over Siena . Honorato Ederson and Cristian Ledesma scored for the hosts with Massimo Paci scoring a late consolation for Siena . Cagliari slumped to the bottom of Serie A after suffering a 2-1 home defeat against Pescara . Christian Terlizzi and Vladimir Weiss got the goals for Pescara as they recorded a second victory in five days . Mauricio Pinilla scored from the penalty spot with eight minutes remaining , while the hosts were also reduced to ten men when Luca Rossettini was sent off . Udinese 's disappointing start to the season continued after they were held to a goalless draw by Genoa . Bayern maintain perfect start with win over Werder Bremen In Germany , Eintracht Frankfurt continued their impressive start to the season with a 2-1 win over Freiburg . Alexander Meir scored twice to earn Frankfurt a fifth win in six games to leave them just two points off league leaders Bayern Munich . Karim Guede made matters worse for the visitors when he was sent off late on . Wolfsburg suffered yet another home defeat after going down 2-0 to Mainz 05 . Junior Diaz 's first goal for the club and Adam Szalai 's effort secured all three points for the visitors . Schalke held as Lille crash to defeat In France , Marseille suffered a shock 4-1 defeat at Valenciennes as its six-match winning streak came to a dramatic end . Gael Danic and former Liverpool man Anthony Le Tallec gave the home side a two-goal lead , before an inexplicable mistake by Marseille keeper Steve Mandanda allowed Foued Kadir to make it 3-0 . Le Tallec grabbed his second after the interval with Jordan Ayew netting a late consolation for the visitors . Saint Etienne was held to a goalless draw at home by Stade de Reims . Torres and Mata fire Chelsea to win over Arsenal In the Premier League , Aston Villa came from behind to secure a 1-1 draw against West Bromwich Albion . Darren Bent came off the bench to equalize for Villa after the visitors had taken the lead through Shane Long .	Cristiano scores hat-trick in Real 's 5-1 win over Deportivo Napoli move level with Juventus at top of Serie A Marseille 's six-match winning streak comes to an end Aston Villa held at home by West Bromwich Albion
London  CNN  -- High-level talks to defuse the Ukraine crisis , due to be held by the U.S. , Russia , the EU and the Kiev government next week , amount to a big personal test for John Kerry after a notably accident-prone first year as U.S. President Barack Obama 's secretary of state . Kerry 's State Department failed to see the Ukraine crisis coming and may have inadvertently helped to provoke it . They pushed too hard as the EU moved to cement closer ties with the former Soviet republic . Then , when Ukraine 's elected , pro-Russia president was forcibly overthrown , the U.S. barely concealed its satisfaction . The conviction that Washington deliberately engineered the Kiev "  coup " predictably enraged Russian President Vladimir Putin . He decided he would try a bit of direct intervention of his own . The result was last month 's annexation of Crimea and the apparent , continuing Russian military threat to eastern Ukraine . Key international issues There is a bit of a pattern emerging here . Take Egypt for example . In November last year , during a Middle East tour , Kerry gave his backing to the military junta that deposed the country 's elected Muslim Brotherhood President , Mohamed Morsy , and brutally repressed thousands of his supporters . Kerry declared that Egypt was following a "  roadmap " back to democracy and that Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , the general in charge , enjoyed his confidence . Since then , the repression has only gotten worse , and Egyptian democracy has become a bad joke . Hundreds of Brotherhood supporters were sentenced to death in risibly unfair court trials , amid a widening crackdown on political dissent and independent media . El-Sisi now plans to become president . Kerry has become more critical , but the die is cast . Very soon , Egypt will have a new dictator to replace former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , only younger and potentially more vicious . This dire prospect is not what the Arab Spring was about , and surely not what the Obama administration intended . Kerry 's judgment has not proved any more impressive in his handling of several other key international issues . He threw his weight behind the Syrian peace talks process after receiving encouragement , ironically , from Putin , who is Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's main external backer . But it seems the wily Russian leader saw Kerry coming from way off . Moscow continued to aid , abet and arm the Assad regime while the U.S.-backed opposition groups squabbled and split and eventually achieved next to nothing in the Geneva talks . Kerry 's plan to discuss a transitional government in Damascus never got to first base . Out of touch Kerry invested a surprising amount of personal capital in reviving peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians , making optimistic prognostications about his chances of success where so many others have failed . Perhaps it was a generational thing . Kerry , aged 70 , has lived with the Israel-Palestine conflict all of his professional life . When he finally became secretary of state , maybe he thought : "  At last , I have my chance to fix this . " But he has n't . In fact , following the Palestinian Authority 's decision last week to seek U.N.-recognized statehood , and the Israeli government 's reaction in breaking off most contacts , the situation is rapidly deteriorating again . Kerry 's behavior in all these cases was delusional and out of touch with the realities on the ground , as the Washington Post 's Jackson Diehl has argued , saying : "  Egypt is under the thumb of an authoritarian general . The Syrian peace talks imploded soon after they began . The Israeli-Palestinian negotiations are hanging by a thread . All along the way , Kerry -- thanks to a profound misreading of the realities on the ground -- was enabling the bad guys . " Now Kerry faces his biggest challenge -- persuading , or forcing , another bad guy  namely Putin  to back off in Ukraine at a time when the Russian leader seems ever more convinced of American weakness . According to Anne-Marie Slaughter , a former Obama state department official speaking Thursday to the BBC , Putin formed that opinion , rightly or wrongly , when the U.S. ducked military action in Syria last year . Now he appears to believe Washington , and therefore NATO , will avoid a physical confrontation over Ukraine at all costs , and that this gives him a clear negotiating advantage . Ahead of next week 's talks , Kerry could be misreading the situation again . He evidently did not believe Russia would be so audacious as to annex Crimea . He was wrong . Now , judging by recent statements , he is getting it wrong again . He seems to believe Putin is on the point of ordering similar action in eastern Ukraine , where pro-Russia separatists have seized government buildings and appealed for Russian armed intervention . Testifying to Congress this week , Kerry blamed the protests on "  special forces and agents " sent by Moscow in a move he said "  could potentially be a contrived pretext for military intervention just as we saw in Crimea . " While the U.S. favored a diplomatic solution , Washington was ready "  to do what is necessary " to maintain international order . Putin must chortle at such empty-sounding rhetoric . He believes , with good reason , that the U.S. and its allies will not go to war over Ukraine . He probably also has no intention of sending in his tanks , simply because he does not need to . The direct and indirect pressure on Kiev to bow to Russian demands for "  constitutional reform , " including some form of federal system and enhanced regional autonomy in the east , is massive and beginning to tell . It is backed up by powerful Russian economic leverage , especially over gas supplies and agricultural exports . Ukraine is broke and divided . Crimea is lost . It has neither an elected government nor president . It is militarily vastly inferior . And it lacks allies it can rely upon , when the chips are down . Like it or not , it has little choice but to seek an accommodation with Russia . Unless Kerry significantly raises his game , the terms will be dictated by Putin . OPINION : Egypt 's el-Sisi manufactures new dictatorship OPINION : For many Egyptians , there is no alternative but el-Sisi	John Kerry 's state department failed to see the Ukraine crisis coming , writes Simon Tisdall He evidently did not believe Russia would be so audacious as to annex Crimea , he says Tisdall : Ukraine has little choice but to seek an accommodation with Russia Unless Kerry raises his game , the terms will be dictated by Putin , writes Tisdall
Rolling Stone  -- Neil Young has announced on Facebook that his new album will be called "  Le Noise , " and that it will be released on CD , vinyl and iTunes on September 28th . In late November it will then become available on Blu-Ray , and in the form of an iPhone and iPad app . "  The app will be free , " Young wrote . "  It gives you an interactive album cover . Forgive my use of the word ` album . ' I am old school . When you buy the songs/movies from I-tunes they show up in your APP . " Young and producer Daniel Lanois recorded the album in a Los Angeles mansion earlier this year . "  We cut a couple of solo acoustic songs , but the rest is very electric , " Lanois told Rolling Stone last month . "  There 's no band , but I got in there with my sonics . There 's nothing else out there like it . " Young previewed many of the tracks on his recent solo theater tour . You can to see his performance of "  Hitchhiker , " at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville , here . Young first performed the autobiographical tune -- which features a list of the drugs he has ingested over the decades -- on the 1992 "  Harvest Moon " tour . Neil Young also took to the web recently to address negative fan comments on the popular Neil Young fansite Thrasher 's Wheat .  The site 's commenters have complained about Young 's ticket prices , charity work with Tyson Foods , and that he has n't played with Crazy Horse for years . "  This is the most respected site on the net for this type of activity , " Young wrote about Thrasher 's Wheat on his own web site . "  Let me take this opportunity to thank you for your interest in what I am doing , " he continued , addressing the site 's operators . "  There is always negativity with any internet endeavour . Now it has perhaps worn you down . It is alright to say goodbye ... Whether you choose to continue or just hang it up and get on with your life is up to you . " Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	"  Le Noise " will be released on CD , vinyl and iTunes on September 28th It will later become available on Blu-Ray and in the form of an iPhone and iPad app Young recorded the album in a Los Angeles mansion earlier this year
CNN  -- Plenty of people who feel no inclination to schuss or slide or Salchow are faithful fans of the Winter Olympic Games . For them , we present this list of sites and activities at former Winter Olympic venues . You wo n't need skis or skates -- you do n't even have to feel the cold wind against your skin -- to show your appreciation for the athletes or to experience just a bit of what they must have felt when competing at the Winter Olympic Games . Chamonix , France  1924 More than 10,000 paying spectators came to watch 11 women and 247 men compete in ice hockey , figure skating , speed skating , bobsleighing , curling , Nordic  cross-country  skiing and ski jumping at Chamonix Winter Sports Week 90 years ago . It was n't until after the event proved to be such a success that it became known as the "  first " Winter Olympic Games . Although few reminders of those games remain , the Alpine Museum in Chamonix houses some mementos , and the Catholic Church Ãˆglise Saint-Michel Ã Chamonix commemorates the region 's Olympic heritage with a stained glass window featuring skiers and a bobsleigh . And this charming alpine village near Mont Blanc -- the "  roof of Europe " -- still offers a world-class winter experience to athletes and bar-hoppers alike . Photos : Remnants of glory in former Olympic cities St. Moritz , Switzerland  1928 and 1948 When 15-year-old Norwegian figure skating sensation Sonja Henie performed her gold-medal-winning routine on the ice rink outside the Badrutt family 's Kulm Hotel in 1928 , the location could n't have been more appropriate . In 1864 , hotelier Johannes Badrutt turned St. Moritz into a winter vacation destination by convincing his summertime guests that they 'd enjoy the Swiss Alps just as much in winter . Sportsman Alphonse Badrutt supported construction of the natural ice St. Moritz-Celerina bobsleigh run . And Johannes ' grandson , Hans , was a member of the executive committees that brought the 1928 games to St. Moritz . The Kulm and Badrutt 's Palace hotels are still St. Moritz landmarks , as is the St. Moritz-Celerina bobsleigh run , which is open to guest riders when it 's not being used by Olympians-in-training . Sochi hotels report construction delays Lake Placid , New York  1932 and 1980 Although Lake Placid hosted the games in 1932 , it is most remembered for the U.S. athletes ' performances at the 1980 Winter Olympic Games -- especially the U.S. men 's ice hockey team 's "  Miracle on Ice " victory over the heavily favored Soviet team followed by their gold-medal win over Finland and Eric Heiden 's unprecedented five gold medals in speed skating . That historic speed-skating oval stands just outside the Lake Placid Olympic Center , which houses a small museum and the hockey arena now dedicated to coach Herb Brooks . The whole Whiteface and Mount Van Hoevenberg area remains a top-level training ground for future Olympians ; and if you 're feeling adventurous , the Lake Placid Bobsled Experience lets you try out the track they still use today for their training . Sochi 2014 : Russia 's numbers game Oslo , Norway  1952 It sometimes seems as if the Olympic Winter Games were created to remind the world just how many outstanding winter athletes come from Norway .  No country has won more medals in the Winter Olympic Games . So when you 're in Oslo , it 's no surprise that the Holmenkollen ski jump is still the biggest thing in town . Ski jumping has been part of the action here since 1892 , and the jump has been redeveloped more than a dozen times . The latest structure , which opened in 2010 , is made of steel and stretches nearly 97 meters  318 feet  . The Ski Simulator at the top of the hill is a virtual reality experience that will leave you breathless and more awestruck by ski-jumpers than ever . The arena next to the ski jump was used for cross-country skiing and biathlon competitions in 1952 , and might be again should Oslo win its bid to host the 2022 Winter Olympics . Blood Falls and other natural oddities Innsbruck , Austria  1964 and 1976 The Tyrolean Alps were a picture-perfect backdrop for Olympic skiing competition in 1976 as Austrian favorite Franz Klammer seemed to gobble up the terrain on his way to a gold medal in the men 's downhill and West Germany 's Rosi Mittermaier took two golds and a silver in the women 's downhill and slalom events . You 'll want more than the 1 minute 45 seconds or so that Klammer and Mittermaier spent on the mountain . Take your time to soak in the scenery on an evening lantern hike that takes you past the Olympic ski slopes and ends with singing and beverages at a friendly inn . Sapporo , Japan  1972 The double lift takes just five minutes to carry you to the top of the Okurayama 90-meter ski jump hill where , in 1972 , 19-year-old Wojciech Fortuna became the first and only Polish man to win an Olympic ski-jumping gold medal .  In 1972 , transport to the top took 20 minutes ; the trip down for Fortuna , less than 20 seconds . The viewing lounge at 300 meters allows you to peer down at the city and at the ski jump starting line . At the Sapporo Winter Sports Museum , simulators in the "  Sensation/Experience Zone " replicate the ski jump experience . Calgary , Canada  1988 The Olympic spirit has never left Calgary , where Katarina Witt won a gold medal in figure skating for East Germany and curling resurfaced as a demonstration sport after an absence of more than 50 years . In addition to marking the Olympic debut of American speed skater Bonnie Blair , the Calgary Olympics also introduced the world to the Jamaican Bobsleigh Team  later immortalized in the 1993 film "  Cool Runnings "  . Today , visitors with just slightly less bobsleigh training than those four gentlemen can slide down the very same track at speeds of up to 75 miles per hour  120 km/h  in a bobsleigh driven by a professional pilot . In summer , you can do the run in a bobsleigh on wheels or zip-line down the mountain from the 90-meter ski jump . Albertville , France  1992 At the Albertville games , the newly unified German team included singles luger Georg Hackl in his second of what would be five Olympic games winning his first of three gold medals . Today , as a visitor , you can come as close as you 'll ever come to his experience on the speed luge at the La Plagne Olympic bobsleigh track -- a one-person luge that reaches speeds up to 55 miles per hour  89 kph  . Or rub elbows with an Olympian at a more relaxed pace at Le Chalet d'Eleonore in Les Saisies , an alpine-style bed and breakfast run by former Olympic skier Leila Piccard .  Her brother Franck , a gold medalist in the Super-G at the Calgary Games , works at the Les Saisies ski resort . Salt Lake City , Utah  2002 Guided tours of Utah Olympic Park near Park City reveal some "  backstage " secrets about the Olympic events and visit some memorable spots , such as the ski jump where 20-year-old Simon Ammann from Switzerland was a surprise gold-medal winner and undisputed crowd-pleaser in the K90 Individual and K120 individual events . At the Alf Engen Ski Museum , you can find out more about the region 's Olympic skiing past , present and future , including an exhibition on the U.S. women 's ski jumping team , which will compete for the first time in Olympic history at Sochi . After taking a look at the Olympic medals in the museum 's collection , head back to Salt Lake City and Olympic Cauldron Park where the medal ceremonies took place . Vancouver , Canada  2010 Many venues from the 2010 Olympic Winter Games have been smoothly integrated or reintegrated into the Vancouver landscape . BC Place , site of the opening and closing ceremonies , is back to being the home of the BC Lions  CFL  and Vancouver Whitecaps  MLS  and hockey venue Rogers Arena remains the home of the NHL Vancouver Canucks . The Olympic cauldron stands outside the Vancouver Convention Centre . The Richmond Olympic Oval , where Dutch speed skater Sven Kramer set new Olympic records in the 5,000 and 10,000 meter races , is now a public skating rink , community center and future site of the interactive Richmond Olympic Experience , expected to open in late 2014 . While there are Olympic sites throughout the area , you might find yourself closest to your athletic dreams if you spend the night at the HI-Whistler Hostel , originally part of the Athlete 's Village .	Winter Olympics venues past offer speed thrills to less competitive visitors The St. Moritz-Celerina bobsleigh run is sometimes open to guest riders Take an evening lantern hike in Innsbruck , Austria , for a more leisurely downhill experience
Zahko , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S. warplanes carried out airstrikes in northern Iraq near ISIS-controlled Mosul Dam early Saturday morning , the Kurdish news agency Rudaw reported , citing eyewitnesses . CNN confirmed that a U.S. and Iraqi military operation aimed at retaking the country 's largest hydroelectric dam from the so-called Islamic State was scheduled to begin early Saturday morning  Friday at 6 p.m. ET  . The operation was to begin with U.S. and Iraqi airstrikes against ISIS positions , with Iraqi and Kurdish Peshmerga forces following up on the ground . U.S. fighter jets began carrying out the strikes early Saturday morning local time , Rudaw reported . U.N. resolution targets ISIS News of the airstrikes unfolded the same day the U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution aimed at curbing the support -- money and arms -- flowing to the al Qaeda splinter group that has aided its rapid and brutal advance across Iraq . "  It has seized some of the country 's precious natural resources and taken control of critical infrastructure , " Samantha Power , the U.S. representative , said , referring to ISIS . "  Now  ISIS  has the ability to block the flow of electricity and control access to the water supplies on which people depend . " ISIS seized control of Mosul Dam this month following fierce fighting . The dam sits on Iraq 's Tigris River about 50 kilometers  31 miles  north of the city of Mosul , which fell to the extremist group in June when it swept from Syria into Iraq . Should the dam fail or ISIS fighters open its floodgates , massive flooding could result . The resolution sanctioned six people , described as financiers and supporters of ISIS ' actions in Iraq and Syria , by freezing their assets and banning them from traveling . While the resolution called for the use of economic sanctions and military force , if necessary , to ensure that ISIS militants "  disarm and disband , " it stopped short of authorizing the immediate use of U.N.-sanctioned military action against ISIS . Under the resolution , a team charged with monitoring the activities of ISIS has been ordered to investigate the extremist group 's resources , funding and recruitment and report back with recommendations to the Security Council within 90 days . Yazidi men killed , women abducted ISIS fighters swept into a Yazidi village in northern Iraq on Friday , killing at least 80 men and taking more than 100 women captive , officials told CNN . The report of the brutal attack on the village of Kojo comes a day after U.S. President Barack Obama -- citing the success of targeted American airstrikes -- declared an end to an ISIS siege that had trapped tens of thousands of Yazidis in mountains . Fighters with the Islamic State , formerly known as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , attacked Kojo after surrounding it for days , a Kurdish regional government official and a Yazidi religious leader said . The women abducted from the village were being taken to the ISIS-controlled northern cities of Mosul and Tal Afar , the official said . CNN can not independently confirm the killings and abductions , but the claims are similar to reports provided by survivors of ISIS attacks in Iraq . Who are the Yazidis ? EU considers arming Kurds The plight of the Yazidis and the threat posed by ISIS to Iraq 's Kurdish regional government prompted the United States to conduct targeted airstrikes and humanitarian airdrops . After an emergency meeting Friday of the European Union 's foreign ministers , the group said it welcomed U.S. action and that its member nations were responding to a call from Iraq 's Kurdish regional government for arms and ammunition . But most world leaders and diplomats are pinning their hopes on Iraq 's prime minister-designate , Haider al-Abadi , to bring together Iraq 's ethnic and religious groups to fight a common enemy in ISIS . Who is Haider al-Abadi ? Abadi was endorsed late Thursday by Prime Minister Nuri al-Malki , who gave up the fight to keep his post for a third term . U.S. airstrikes carried out As details of the ISIS attack on the village of Kojo emerged on Friday , the U.S. military said it carried out two airstrikes south of Sinjar . After receiving reports from Kurdish forces that ISIS was attacking the village of Kojo , "  U.S. aircraft identified and followed an  ISIS  armed vehicle to a roadside area south of Sinjar , " according to a statement released by the U.S. Central Command . "  At approximately 10:10 a.m. ET , U.S. aircraft struck and destroyed two vehicles in the area . " The statement did not detail what type of vehicles nor did it offer any further details of the ISIS attack on the Yazidi village . The reports of killings and abductions in Kojo follow reports last week of the ISIS attack on Sinjar , where dozens of men were reportedly killed and women and children were abducted . Who are the religious and ethnic groups under threat from ISIS ? The Yazidis , one of Iraq 's smallest and oldest religious minorities , are among 400,000 people that the United Nations estimates have been driven from their homes since June , when ISIS swept across the border from Syria into Iraq . Of those displaced , more than 200,000 have poured into Iraq 's northern Dohuk province in recent weeks . Refugee camp populations have swelled since ISIS began its assault against Yazidis , Christians , Kurds and Shiites . While airdrops and airstrikes saved those stranded from starving and provided safe passage off out of the Sinjar Mountains , the Yazidis and others are arriving by the thousands at camps in and outside Iraq . After the rescue : A Yazidi family 's harrowing flight to escape ISIS Anna Coren reported from Zahko , Iraq , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Richard Roth and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Report : U.S. and Iraqi airstrikes target ISIS near Mosul Dam U.S airstrikes aim for ISIS vehicles near the village of Kojo , military says Abducted women being taken to ISIS-controlled cities in the north , officials say Kojo is south of Sinjar , where ISIS forced thousands of Yazidis from their homes
CNN  -- I 'm a big fan of Michelle Obama 's , but if she 's going to be hitting the circuit to raise money for Democrats , she has to be prepared for heckling . Especially heckling from gay rights activists like the one who interrupted her speech Tuesday night . "  Lesbian looking for federal equality before I die . " That 's how Ellen Sturtz , the woman identified as the heckler , identified herself . Apparently the first lady 's husband said something about signing an executive order banning federal contractors from discriminating based on sexual orientation and gender identity . Sturtz had the nerve to ask the president to keep his word . And it 's not like signing an order will rock Washington 's world -- as The Washington Post pointed out , of the "  employees of federal contractors that are in the Fortune 1000 , 92 % are already protected by a company-wide sexual orientation nondiscrimination policy , and 58 % are already protected by a gender identity nondiscrimination policy . " Still President Barack Obama made a promise : It 's not unreasonable to expect him to keep it . Especially when one out of every 16 of his "  bundlers " -- those who organize super fund-raisers -- during the 2012 election was openly gay . The Washington Post says of his top 2012 bundlers , one in six was gay . And that more than 75 % of voters who identified as lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender voted for him . And yet the changes Obama has wrought since he was first elected often feel as if they 're being handed out like doggie treats , and not championed with the same urgency that Democrats showed on the campaign trail . Heckling the first lady was n't fair because she is n't responsible for policy . But the incident sent a message to those who are responsible : We are people , not pawns . But this is what happens when a bloc of voters -- be it the LGBT community , Latinos , women -- surrenders its voting power to a political party as opposed to a principle . Not all Republicans are anti-gay , not all Democrats are pro , and it 's the rare politician who will do something "  bold " that is n't politically expedient . In Illinois , the House of Representatives , controlled 71-47 by Democrats , chose not to vote on same-sex marriage legislation , with some members saying they needed to talk it over with their constituents . A rationale that does n't hold much water because the Senate passed the bill 34-21 in February . State Sen. Jason Barickman , a Republican , voted in support of same-sex marriage after adding a religious liberty amendment to the bill . Many activists are pointing fingers at the Illinois House Legislative Black Caucus for not playing ball . This seems ironic , considering the first item under the subject line "  What Are They Fighting for ? " is civil equality . State Rep. Ken Dunkin , chairman of the Black Caucus , did not return my calls . But he did tell the Windy City Times that it was unfair to pin the bill 's failure on the caucus , adding , "  This is not the Black Caucus ' burden . " Because lord knows black folks have nothing to do with gay folks , right Ken ? Gregory Angelo , the Log Cabin Republicans ' national executive director , told me that "  if there 's any lesson to learn from this is that Democrats ca n't pass marriage equality on their own . They need Republican support . " And the LGBT community would be wise to remember that . The Republican Party may house the most vocal , and sometimes offensive , opponents -- but that does n't mean that all Democrats are proponents or courageous enough to fight . The Senate Republicans in Rhode Island became the first legislative caucus in the country , of either party , to vote unanimously for same-sex marriage . The truth is the Illinois Democrats promised to bring the bill to a vote and they did n't . It 's likely they are stalling to see what the U.S. Supreme Court decides in the two same-sex marriage cases it heard this spring . Decisions are expected later this month . The Illinois House has until August 31 to vote . This is a little political cover that may be smart but flies in the face of the party 's national platform : "  We oppose discriminatory federal and state constitutional amendments and other attempts to deny equal protection of the laws to committed same-sex couples who seek the same respect and responsibilities as other married couples . " But Democrats have trampled on that promise before , and fairly recently . In 2009 , Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York said he supported marriage for same-sex couples . But he recently opposed an amendment to the immigration reform bill that would have included same-sex couples because he thought it would make Republicans kill the bill . The Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee did n't even want to vote on it . Basically Schumer wants same-sex couples to get married in his home state -- but if you 're binational , he 'll let the government deport your spouse . So the LGBT community gets tossed under the bus -- again -- as if our families are not worth voting for . As if we do n't deserve a public record of which Democrat is for us and which is against us . Heckling Mrs. Obama was n't fair to her . But taking the LGBT community for granted is n't fair to us either . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	First lady heckled by "  lesbian looking for federal equality before I die " LZ Granderson : Heckling unfair , but president vowed to sign order on federal contractors He says in Illinois , on immigration , Democrats seem to back off from promises to gay community Granderson : Gays and lesbians first ones to be thrown under a bus for political expediency
CNN  -- The publication this week of memoirs by Leon Panetta has stirred up a sharp controversy in the press , but as so often happens these days in Washington , the focus seems to be on the sensational rather than the important . And that leads to the larger argument : whether Panetta , Bob Gates et . al. should have published these books may be controversial , but it is a sideshow compared to what 's really important -- and that 's what they have to say about the making and execution of American foreign policy these days . White House aides and allies of the President were naturally upset to read some of the stinging comments by the former defense secretary and CIA director about the inner workings of the Obama administration . Overlooking the fact that Panetta was also generous in his praise about the President , they set out to slime him . How dare he criticize Obama while still in office , they asked . His book was "  dishonorable " and "  sad , " proclaimed a former White House spokesman on CNN . He willfully misrepresented the past , complained another . And on and on . The press likes nothing better than a food fight among top officials , so naturally enough , they weighed in on whether Panetta -- and other Obama heavyweights like former Defense Secretary Bob Gates , who had also written searching memoirs , had done wrong . One can argue the merits of "  kiss and tell " books till the cows come home . For decades , they were widely seen as verboten . When I came to Washington in the late '60s , the standard was that one should wait a "  discreet interval " before writing an inside story . As columnist Ed Luce pointed out in the Financial Times this week , Dean Acheson waited nearly 20 years to write his splendid account of the Truman years , "  Present at the Creation . " But those standards broke down during the Nixon years as John Dean , Bob Haldeman , John Ehrlichman and others -- angry with their boss and in need of cash -- wrote shocking inside looks at his tortured presidency . Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein soon persuaded a slew of other Nixon aides to spill their guts , creating a whole new genre of quickie , insider books . Within a few years , it became standard practice for White House aides to sit down regularly with Woodward to make sure their side of the story got out . It 's hard to see why it is so much worse to write memoirs about your governmental years and publicly put your name on them -- as Panetta and Gates have done -- than to anonymously give Woodward , Elizabeth Drew or other authors inside documents and self-serving , behind-the-scenes accounts of your days in Valhalla . At least Panetta and Gates have had the guts to stand up and be counted . Two other points should be made about the propriety of these books from the Obama era : The people who have written the most searching books about his national security policies -- Panetta , Gates , Hillary Clinton , and Vali Nasr -- did n't come into this administration as neophytes searching for the brass ring . Each of them had already won distinction for their years of public service . Panetta and Gates had purposefully moved far away from Washington and wanted to stay away . They had to be persuaded to serve this time -- and they did so mostly out of love of country .  As defense secretary , Panetta frequently flew to California for weekends just so he could be home again . Even if their books have had some sharp things to say , they thus deserve a reasoned hearing on the substance -- not a flaying by people half their stature and with half their experience .  By the way , have you heard any White House aides thank Panetta lately for serving as the chief mastermind in the search for Osama Bin Laden ? The other point is that these recent books are about our conduct during wars that are hardly our shining hours . Democrats in particular should remember Robert McNamara , a hero of the Cuban Missile Crisis but a goat of Vietnam . For years after he resigned as defense chief to President Lyndon Johnson , McNamara was castigated because he kept his silence when he left . I well remember instances when parents of slain American veterans screamed at McNamara that he should have gone public with an account of how and why Vietnam went so badly wrong inside the LBJ administration . There is surely something to be said for Americans understanding today just how we have handled -- and mishandled -- violence in the Middle East since 9/11 . Who better to tell us than the men and women who were there at the top ? Running through all these books is a common set of concerns about trends that started before Obama but have reached new peaks during his presidency : -- To a person , these authors -- and others who served with them at the State Department , the Pentagon , the Joint Chiefs , the CIA and elsewhere among national security agencies -- believe that power has become entirely too centralized in the White House . The National Security Council staff is now dangerously swollen : as Foreign Policy Magazine editor David Rothkopf reminds us , Obama has increased NSC staff to well over 300 people , doubling its size since George W. Bush and capping off a tenfold increase since the 1970s . Inevitably , the professionals at the NSC , with proximity to the Oval Office , want to run things . They ca n't : History has proven time and again that once a President makes a decision , the White House should continue to monitor closely but must leave most of the execution to the professionals in the departments . -- Excessive centralization has also meant that too often , the men and women who run the departments feel marginalized . Not only do they feel two steps removed from the President , but foreign counterparts have little reason to engage with them when real power rests in the White House . Former officials also say the White House acts as a "  choke point , " limiting diverse opinions and slowing down decisive implementation . -- Perhaps most perniciously , the authors of these books believe that too often the advice of the President 's inner circle has been heavily colored by political considerations , overriding substantive arguments . Politics , of course , plays a role in all presidential decision-making , but traditionally , policy advisers exercise the biggest voice on the big national security calls . There will be time enough after President Obama leaves office for historians -- along with Bob Woodward and others -- to weigh the evidence and reach more studied conclusions about how wisely he and his White House team ran national security . But there is real value today in hearing from some of the most respected men and women in national security offering assessments -- pro and con -- about how things are run . President Obama , writes David Ignatius of the Washington Post , is considering some serious personnel changes for his last two years in office . He has already appointed a highly regarded retired general , John Allen , to oversee the campaign against ISIS . It would be good to see more John Allens elsewhere in the higher reaches . But it would be equally valuable if the President took stock of how decisions and execution of national security issues are managed inside . For all the controversy , books by Leon Panetta , Bob Gates , Hillary Clinton and others offer invaluable guides . Each of them has made yet another contribution to the well-being of the country .	David Gergen : Obama allies focused on whether Panetta should have written book so soon He says Washington insiders have been telling tales on administrations since Nixon The real problem is a swollen and all-controlling White House staff , he says Gergen : Experienced leaders like Panetta need to be given scope for decision making
CNN  -- Sudan 's president was seen smiling , dancing and speaking to a huge crowd of supporters Thursday , a day after a warrant was issued for his arrest on war crimes charges . Sudan 's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir waves to supporters in Khartoum on Wednesday . The display of defiance came as international aid agencies were being ordered to leave the country in retaliation for the move by the International Criminal Court over six years of bloodshed in the country 's Darfur region . The streets of the capital , Khartoum , were filled with people who raised their hands in the air to cheer President Omar al-Bashir , who raised both fists defiantly in the air . The crowd was filled with posters and banners featuring al-Bashir 's face or the flag of Sudan . The one banner written in English read , "  We are all with al-Bashir . " Al-Bashir gave a fervent speech to the crowd , denouncing the United States , its Western allies and Israel . At one point , the crowd repeated in English , "  Down , down , USA ! " Music before and after the speech got everyone moving , including the president , who smiled broadly and raised his walking stick in the air . A camouflaged helicopter swooped over the crowd . Angry but peaceful demonstrations took place in cities throughout Sudan on Wednesday after the warrant was announced , according to the United Nations . Government air and ground forces conducted what the United Nations called a "  show of force " in parts of Darfur , where the situation was "  calm but unpredictable . " The International Criminal Court at The Hague , Netherlands , issued the warrant Wednesday for war crimes and crimes against humanity . It accuses al-Bashir of complicity in a campaign of violence against the people of Darfur , in the west of the country . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in western Sudan 's Darfur region , and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes . Sudan has angrily rejected the accusations and the indictment . Kamal Obaid , Sudan 's state minister of information and communications , called the ICC a "  white man 's tribunal " and the arrest warrant "  an insult . " It has told as many as 10 humanitarian groups to leave the country , and seized the agencies ' assets , U.N. deputy spokeswoman Marie Okabe said .	Sudan 's president seen dancing and smiling after war crimes charges issued Streets of Khartoum filled with cheering crowds ICC issued the warrant over war crimes and crimes against humanity
CNN  -- It was the closest comet near-miss known to astronomers , but everything is alright . Comet Siding Spring shaved past a planet 's surface at one third the distance of the Earth to the moon . But it was n't Earth in the cross hairs -- it was our neighbor Mars . Earth got lucky in more than one way . With a gang of NASA orbiters and rovers on and around Mars , their cameras and instruments got a historic front row seat on the comet that NASA said made the closest recorded pass ever by any planet . The three orbiters are just coming out of hiding . The comet came so close that Mars Odyssey , Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution  MAVEN  had to duck and cover on the other side of the planet . Otherwise , Siding Spring 's debris of dust and gas flying at 126,000 miles per hour just 87,000 miles above Mars ' surface could have blasted them like a shotgun . They 're all OK , NASA said in a statement . It will take a few days for them to transfer pictures and data to Earth . Siding Spring has moved on . The comet does not pose a threat to Earth and was headed back out to the outer reaches of the solar system , NASA said . Comet spectators The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter was the first of the spacecraft to report it was unharmed as the comet passed . It made observations of the comet before sheltering behind Mars , NASA said . "  The spacecraft performed flawlessly throughout the comet flyby , " said Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Project Manager Dan Johnston of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . "  It maneuvered for the planned observations of the comet and emerged unscathed . " The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter immediately began to transmit information to Earth , but the full downlink could take days , NASA said . See NASA 's YouTube video explaining comet flyby Several Earth-based and space telescopes , including the Hubble Space Telescope , also took pictures . The NASA rovers that are on the surface of Mars were protected by Mars ' atmosphere , NASA said . They watched Siding Spring much like a spectator would watch a comet flyby here on Earth .	Siding Spring came within 87,000 miles of Mars -- close for a comet flyby NASA protected its spacecraft orbiting the planet by having them hide The first of three NASA orbiters reported to be in good health
CNN  -- In the three years since "  Twilight " bowed in theaters , we 've learned a few things : One , while teen girls are a sizable portion of the fan base , they 're not its totality . Two , the first three films of the franchise have pulled in roughly $ 1.8 billion worldwide in ticket sales  not adjusted for inflation  , according to BoxOfficeMojo.com . That 's apparently enough for Robert Pattinson , who stars as Edward Cullen , to talk of being able to afford to fail , and his co-star Kristen Stewart  Bella Swan  of donating some of her "  funds . " Three , there must be a just a teeny tiny footnote on each installment 's budget for Taylor Lautner 's wardrobe , because rare is the moment when the kid is n't walking around without a shirt . But as "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part I " opens in theaters today , we 're recounting 10 other  tongue firmly in cheek  lessons we 've culled from the series , themes that have been carried from Stephenie Meyer 's best-selling novels onto the big screen . 1 . Love at first sight is overrated ; he or she should fall for you at first whiff . Before Edward Cullen got to know the human he eventually married , he smelled Bella from across the classroom . Yes , his senses are attuned to the scent of human blood , but you 're missing the point : Bella 's smelled special , like his "  own personal brand of heroin , " as he memorably says in the first film . Ladies and gents , rethink your relationships if they do n't inspire comparisons to narcotics . 2 . "  He 's Just Not That Into You " had it all wrong -- silence , irritation , storming off and mood swings are actually signs of unexpressed affection . Edward Cullen was n't always the sparkly dreamboat of a blood-drinking gentleman you 'll see in theaters this weekend . At first , he was actually pretty rude , prone to angrily walking away from Bella , being short with her and repeatedly telling her to stay away from him because he 's dangerous . Talk about mixed messages ! The next time someone gives you the brush off , do n't think he or she is n't into you . Perhaps they 're just trying to refrain from going for that vein in your neck . Which brings us to our next lesson : 3 . Be accepting of your partner 's eccentricities . Quirks such as eye color fluctuations , superhuman strength , the ability to read minds and family members who try to devour you on your birthday are qualities that make a partner unique . Do n't let silly things like her predisposition to kill stand in the way -- every relationship has its obstacles ! Just be glad she 's not a zombie . 4 . There 's no such thing as personal space when one 's in love . Edward and Bella are so into each other , the thought of being separated for more than a span of a few days could send one of them into an outburst that rivals a demonic possession out of "  The Exorcist . " This was depicted with strong commitment from Kristen Stewart in 2008 's "  Twilight , " as she made Bella appear to be on the verge of a stroke when Edward suggested they should maybe rethink this whole human/vampire relationship thing . Really , your partner only needs enough space to go to the bathroom and change clothes , and even then , you should be waiting for them on the other side of the door . 5 . In the event that you and your partner do breakup , withdrawing from life as you lived it while having hallucinations about your romantic partner are all expected side effects . That 's why they call it being lovesick , kids . 6 . Since you ca n't control such emotions , one should be open to falling in love with a human , shapeshifter , immortal or a baby . Taylor Lautner 's Jacob Black and other select members of his tribe have the ability to phase into wolves to protect their land , and they can also "  imprint , " essentially falling in love and linking themselves with the one person with whom they 're supposed to be . They also ca n't help whom they "  imprint " on . So if it happens that the woman of your dreams was born just a few days ago to the woman you used to have a crush on , well , you 'll just have to wait . 7 . If one love interest is the fun one , and the other love interest brings the passion , just hang out with both for as long as possible . * Committing to one person is a tough choice , especially when you could die just from hanging around said individual , so it 's understandable if your affections get pulled in another direction during a vulnerable moment . The best thing to do is to maintain one as the "  relationship " and the other as the "  friendship " until you ca n't play that game anymore . Bonus if they 're natural-born enemies . * Frankly , this lesson makes some sense . 8 . There 's always going to be a rumble brewing , and one of you is always going to have to be saved . Edward and Bella are always fighting off this enemy or that , right up until the very end . Believe it or not , this kind of stress somehow benefits the relationship -- just think of all that drama as the "  spark " that ignites the fire of romantic moments . You know , "  It 's us against the world/Volturi , " etc. . 9 . When given the option , go ahead and stay human for the honeymoon . And if you 're not breaking the bed while vacationing on your new spouse 's private island , you 're doing it wrong . Thankfully , there 's hired help ready to clean it all up for you -- that 's what happens when you wed an unbelievably wealthy immortal . But if you get pregnant , get ready for one hellish gestation period . 10 . One can both acknowledge the ridiculousness of lessons one through nine and still be in line for a midnight showing after reading the series  again  . Perhaps the biggest lesson of all ? Do n't look for nuggets of enlightenment in "  Twilight . " As fans of the series could tell you , the biggest draw is n't the outlandish plot points or the unrealistic romantic ideals , but the classic fantasy of love somehow conquering all . Have we missed a lesson you 've learned ? We want to hear it in the comments .	"  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part I " opens in theaters today The supernatural romantic series has plenty of tongue-in-cheek lessons "  Twilight " shows how a partner 's eccentric qualities just spice the stew Need to juggle two lovers ? "  Twilight " is a great teaching tool
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Thursday new proposals targeting individuals who sell SNAP cards , commonly known as food stamps , for cash . The agency said individuals suspected of defrauding the system are requesting a large number of replacement cards . Food stamp fraud has gone high-tech in recent years , with SNAP cards being sold on Craigslist and eBay , according to the USDA . There also have been attempts to sell the food assistance benefits through the popular social media sites Twitter and Facebook . Replacement cards are issued to recipients on a case-by-case basis , but increased scrutiny is needed to root out the thieves , the USDA said . "  There are many legitimate reasons for replacing cards , and the vast majority of recipients follow the rules , " said Kevin Concannon , agriculture undersecretary for food , nutrition and consumer services . "  But we are concerned that a few bad actors are using replacement cards to exchange SNAP benefits for cash ,  an activity  commonly referred to as trafficking . " The rules proposed Thursday will give states the option to place individuals under increased scrutiny when they have asked for an excessive number of replacement cards . Determination of when requests are excessive and require further investigation will be up to the states . States will be required to protect elderly individuals and people with disabilities who may repeatedly lose their cards but are not committing fraud , the proposal noted . According to the USDA , current laws do n't permit states to contact households for information about requests for multiple replacements , which in some cases may indicate fraudulent activity . Trafficking SNAP cards is illegal and punishable in several ways , including disqualification from the program , fines , and criminal prosecution , according to the USDA . Over the past 15 years , Agriculture Department officials said , they have aggressively put into place a number of measures to reduce fraud within the SNAP system . But it 's not just individuals who are gaming the system , the agency said . So far this year , the USDA has imposed sanctions , including fines or temporary disqualifications , on 198 stores found violating program rules . In addition , 366 stores have been permanently kicked out of the SNAP program for exchanging SNAP benefits for cash . The USDA said it plans to announce additional sanctions and penalties being developed for fraudulent retailers , along with increased efforts to ensure those who are booted from the system in one state do n't regain access by applying for SNAP benefits in another state . The USDA said that last year investigators reviewed over 15,000 stores . More than 1,200 stores were permanently disqualified for trafficking and more than 600 were sanctioned for other violations , such as applying the benefits to purchases of ineligible items . SNAP stands for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program . It began under the name "  food stamps , " using paper stamps or coupons . Debit-type cards were phased in beginning in the 1990s .	The USDA wants to crack down on people who sell SNAP cards for cash The agency will increase scrutiny of requests for replacement cards Stores as well as individuals have been caught violating program rules
Gilroy , California  CNN  -- A trip to the grocery store used to send James McQuoid into a panic . When the Iraq War veteran heard a child crying , he remembered kids screaming in Fallujah . Coins jingling in the register reminded him of ammunition carried around a soldier 's neck . He would be in a store aisle , but not remember how he got there . The movements and sounds put his mind back in Iraq , back in a war zone . Calling it "  a mesh of realities " McQuoid said "  it 's enough to make your mind fracture . " McQuoid , 27 , has post-traumatic stress disorder , a severe anxiety disorder commonly characterized by flashbacks , nightmares and a heightened state of alertness . Of the more than 2 million U.S. troops deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan since October 2001 , it 's estimated that one in five is likely to be afflicted by PTSD or major depression , according to the RAND Corp. . These are often referred to as invisible wounds , and for veterans like McQuoid , the suffering runs deep . By the time he returned home from his second combat tour six years ago , McQuoid was having nightmares every day . He had a hard time communicating with his wife . Paranoid of everything , he isolated himself . "  I 'd stay in my house all the time , " said McQuoid , who was in the Marines from 2003-2007 . "  Windows were blacked out . I had cameras on the outside so I could monitor the surrounding area . ... The outside scared the hell out of me . " Fortunately , things started to change for the better about a year ago when he was matched with his service dog , Iggie , through Operation Freedoms Paws . The nonprofit , started by Mary Cortani , helps veterans train their own service dogs in northern California . "  It 's hard enough to come out of the service and get back into civilian life , " said Cortani , who served in the Army from 1975-1984 . "  But now they have an injury that people do n't understand . They have to find a way to balance what they 're feeling , what they 've experienced , with everyday life . " "  Service dogs are but one tool , but they 're a very important tool , in the healing process for our veterans . " Dogs can be trained to assist veterans in a variety of ways . For example , Iggie wakes McQuoid from nightmares , turns off lights and helps create space between McQuoid and others in public places . The dog also helps McQuoid keep his anxiety level down in stressful situations . The veterans "  are taught to focus on the dog , read the dog 's body language , not to worry about the environment , " said Cortani , 55 . "  If they start to have a panic attack because they 're getting overwhelmed or the anxiety is so strong , they 'll actually stop and kneel down and hug the dog . " Through her program , Cortani can match veterans with dogs from shelters or rescue groups . Then she helps them train the dog . "  When a veteran trains their own service dog , there are immediate benefits right off the bat , " she said . "  They have a mission and a purpose again . It gives them something to focus on and to complete . It gives them a sense of security and safety . ... They know they 're not alone . They 've always got their buddy at the end of the leash . " There are many groups across the country that provide veterans with service dogs , but the methods in which they work vary . Typically , organizations breed , raise and train dogs before pairing them with veterans , a process that can take months or years . Some , like Cortani 's group , use a train-the-trainer approach . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Cortani started training dogs more than 30 years ago while she was in the Army , and she translated that to civilian life , where she runs a canine obedience school . It was only recently that she started focusing on war veterans . In 2009 , she received a call from a Marine who had been waiting more than a year for a service dog . He was looking for a trainer who would help him train his Rottweiler puppy instead . Cortani did extensive research about PTSD and service dogs , and in January 2010 she started working with the young veteran to train the dog for his individual needs . Within a month , two other veterans contacted Cortani , and she matched them with dogs from shelters . "  The more veterans that started asking for help , the more I realized this is what I was supposed to do , " she said . Since then , Cortani and her group have worked with more than 70 veterans from all over the United States . "  I connect with these veterans because I am a veteran , " she said . "  I understand the military culture . I understand , to a certain extent , what they 've gone through even though I have n't walked in their shoes . " Cortani has personally worked with every veteran and dog that has gone through her training program , which lasts at least eight months and can take as long as a year . "  The dog is with them 24 hours a day , seven days a week . It 's a constant , " she said . "  Every day , everything is a training opportunity . They get to work and move forward . So as they progress , they see the success . " For McQuoid , training Iggie has given him the opportunity to build a strong bond . "  Just like your combat buddies watch your back , this dog has got to have that same kind of trust , " he said . "  And that trust is n't something that 's built up in a short amount of time . " To participate in Cortani 's program , veterans must be under some form of professional treatment for their disabilities and they must provide a prescription or doctor 's letter stating they 'll benefit from a service dog . Before they start training , Cortani spends several hours getting to know the veteran , which helps her find them the right dog with the right temperament . "  I try to get a sense of ... who they are , what they 're struggling with ... what they liked to do before they got injured , " she said . Operation Freedoms Paws , which runs on donations and community support , provides veterans with vests , leashes , collars , bowls , food and initial medical care and vaccines for the dog . The training is also free . After a veteran has completed the program , Cortani follows up with them weekly for the first 90 days , and then at least once a month for a year . But she said a lot of the veterans stay in touch even after that . "  You start to see them getting their confidence back , communicate differently , " she said . "  They venture out . And they 're beginning to participate in life again . In some cases , they 're actually able to go back to work . They 're able to communicate with their families ... have a conversation with a stranger . " McQuoid said that because of Iggie , his nightmares have decreased and he 's able to take his family out to restaurants and movies . "  Without Iggie , I would still be in my house ... probably divorced from my wife and very estranged from my son , " McQuoid said . "  And everything would continue to just fall on me until eventually I either decided it was time to end it and die , or just give up . " Recently , Cortani started a mentoring program to teach some of the veterans how to train new participants . Ultimately , she hopes to employ these veterans in several new locations throughout the country . "  My life is blessed every day that I get to spend time with these amazing men and women who 've served our country , " she said . "  Being able to help them find that joy back in their life ... it 's priceless . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Operations Freedoms Paws website at www.operationfreedomspaws.org and see how to help .	War veterans often struggle with invisible wounds such as post-traumatic stress disorder Service dogs can help them overcome their struggles and avoid anxiety attacks CNN Hero Mary Cortani has assisted dozens of veterans in finding , training their dogs Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York celebrates the centennial of its most famous New Year 's tradition Monday , as organizers of the Times Square ball drop have given the crystal globe an environmental makeover . Technicians prepare the New York Times Square ball Thursday for the event 's 100th anniversary . This year the 1,415-pound ball has been outfitted with more than 9,500 energy-efficient light-emitting diodes that will illuminate the ball 's more than 600 crystals . The LEDs will use the same amount of electricity as about 10 toasters , say event officials . That 's a dramatic overhaul from 1907 's first Times Square ball , which was made from iron and wood and was covered with about 100 light bulbs . Watch the computer-controlled ball " New York police estimate about a million people will crowd Times Square to watch the ball drop from a flagpole atop the One Times Square building at midnight . Another billion people worldwide are expected to watch the spectacle on video , said Tom Chiodo , a spokesman for the Times Square Alliance . Of those viewers , 100 million will be in the United States , he said . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg will be joined by Iraq war veteran Karolina Wierzchowska , who was also a Ground Zero guard worker and a New York Police Academy valedictorian -- to push the button for the ball drop at 11:59 p.m. Weather forecasts indicate clear skies for the celebration , with temperatures in the 40s -- a mild departure from inclement weather gripping much of the Northeast . In an effort to help people stay warm , New York City sanitation workers will be passing out "  goody bags " from the Times Square Alliance that will include mittens and hats , said Chiodo . The event will include musical performances from Hannah Montana , the Jonas Brothers , Kid Rock , Lenny Kravitz , Lifehouse , The Bravery , and alums from Fox TV 's "  American Idol , " Carrie Underwood , Jordin Sparks and Blake Lewis . Security inside Times Square will be tight and everyone should expect to have their bags searched at least three times , said New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly on CNN 's "  American Morning . " In addition to a heavy police presence on the ground , Kelly said the NYPD 's counterterrorism unit , radiation detectors and helicopters will also be patrolling the crowds . Kelly said that once the Times Square attendees pass the entrance gates , they will not be able to leave . New York 's terrorist threat level remains at orange -- the nation 's second highest level -- as it has since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  We certainly have n't let our guard down , " Kelly said . As the ball drops , the new year will be greeted with a massive fireworks explosion , some 168 shots in the first five seconds alone , and a downpour of two tons of fireproof confetti . Some of the confetti includes New Year 's wishes that were written by visitors to the city in nearly two dozen languages . Over the past week , visitors from across the country wrote their messages on a Times Square "  Wishing Wall . " "  I want to turn the world green and the water clean , " one person wrote . "  Let my husband stop snoring , " another wrote , while others were more serious : "  That my mom will get her kidney transplant " and "  Peace in Pakistan . " E-mail to a friend	Times Square ball fitted with energy-saving light-emitting diodes A million people to attend , officials say , a billion expected to watch on video Performers : Hannah Montana , Kid Rock , Lenny Kravitz , Carrie Underwood 1907 ball was made of iron and wood and covered with about 100 light bulbs
