CNN  -- An apparent natural gas explosion in downtown Bozeman , Montana , leveled three businesses Thursday morning , according to city and state officials . An explosion rocks downtown Bozeman , Montana , on Thursday in a photo from iReporter Sean Gallik . "  When we say gone , we mean gone . These three businesses are gone , " said Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer , who added that the state is providing help for clean up , and to businesses and residents who are affected . One person remained unaccounted for Thursday evening , Bozeman Assistant City Manager Chuck Winn said . "  The situation remains unsafe for anyone to enter , " Winn said . "  So in terms of a search -- we are unable to do so at this time . " Winn said city crews are making progress cleaning up the area , but the damage is great . He said a meeting was planned Friday morning to give business owners and residents information about when they can return . "  It literally looks like a bomb went off in downtown Bozeman , " he said . iReport.com : Photos from the scene "  Roofing material , construction material is scattered for three or four blocks , " he said . "  It was a very violent explosion . " Schweitzer added that the situation would "  not be over in 24 hours . " The blast occurred about 8:15 a.m. on the town 's Main Street , Fire Chief Jason Shrauger told CNN . The city government declared a local emergency after the blast . Initially , 11 people were reported missing , but 10 were later accounted for , Winn said . It was not clear what triggered the blast . Bozeman is in south-central Montana , about 100 miles southeast of the state capital , Helena .	One person unaccounted for Three businesses destroyed in downtown Bozeman , Montana Eleven people initially reported missing after natural gas explosion It was not clear what triggered the blast
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Seven people , including some accused of having ties to a U.S.-backed Farsi-language radio station , were arrested in Tehran , according to Iranian media reports . The seven "  worked as liaisons for anti-revolution satellite organizations and Zionist media , " the semi-official Iran Labour News Agency  ILNA  reported Sunday . The people were connected "  with the conspiracy , " ILNA said , referring to recent anti-government protests in Iran . The arrests came in an "  intelligence ministry operation , " ILNA said . "  These people were connected with Radio Farda and had gone through the process of selection and training in Dubai and Istanbul and some of them had been officially employed by the U.S. intelligence service . " However , Radio Farda 's director , Armand Mostofi , told CNN Sunday it has no employees inside Iran . Radio Farda is based in Prague , Czech Republic , and in Washington . It is affiliated with Radio Free Europe , and broadcasts from Prague . Mostofi said he first heard of the arrests in Iranian news reports . "  A lot of our news comes from the relationships with our listeners , " he said . "  It 's a two-way relationship . Hundreds of thousands of our listeners call in to inform us of what is going in Iran . " He said Iran has consistently blocked the station 's Web site and has tried to jam their satellite signal . "  The crackdown of journalists in Iran has worsened in the aftermath of the presidential elections , " Mostofi said . "  Iran used to be the largest prison for journalists in the Mideast , and unfortunately , has become the largest prison in the world for journalists . " Iran 's state-owned Press TV reported the seven included "  two Central Intelligence Agency  CIA  operatives . " The group planned to "  stoke unrest and violence on a march scheduled for February 11 , " according to the report . That date marks the 31st anniversary of the 1979 Islamic revolution that toppled the U.S.-backed shah . There was no immediate reaction to the reports from the United States . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Arrests came in an "  intelligence ministry operation , " ILNA reports ILNA : Some "  had been officially employed by the U.S. intelligence service " Radio Farda director says it has no employees in Iran , sees "  crackdown of journalists "
CNN  -- Who does n't like getting those retail discounts or free gift coupons from their favorite stores ? But did you know there were strings attached , invisible eyes tracking your every consumer move ? And there 's little you can do to stop it . We want to do something about that . Businesses have long sought to attract and retain customers by recording and analyzing your shopping and lifestyle habits . To do so , they often rely on "  data brokers " -- companies that collect and share our personal information and label us based on what they learn . And they do this mostly without our knowledge . That fashionable handbag you found on sale ? They know about it . That great deal you got on the BBQ grill from the hardware store ? They 're tracking that too . And that box of Cheerios ? They already assumed you were going to buy that before you even entered the store . The data broker industry has been booming in recent years , due to new technologies that enable the collection of massive quantities of our personal information . Because of the sheer volume of data we leave in our wake when we shop , browse the web , order a magazine , or post to social media sites , we are largely giving them all this valuable information . Data brokers scoop up the digital breadcrumbs we leave as we shop in stores and online , and apply "  big data " analytical tools to predict where we 're going , what we 'll buy , and what we 'll do -- sometimes even before we know ourselves what we 'll buy next . There 's no question that the personal information that data brokers sell to retailers , financial firms , hotels , airlines and other businesses can provide benefits to consumers and our growing digital economy . It can help direct goods and services that are tailored to our interests and assisting businesses to combat fraud by verifying consumers ' identities . They also take this information and use it to lump us into various , shorthand categories like "  Affluent Baby Boomer " and "  Bible Lifestyle . " But if a data broker categorizes you as an "  Urban Scrambler , " meaning a low-income minority , are you more likely to receive an offer for a payday loan than a credit card ? What are the implications of being labeled as "  financially challenged ? " Will it mean you are cut off from being offered the same goods and services , at the same prices , as your neighbors ? Do you want a company to know that you have diabetes , high cholesterol , or another medical condition as long as it is willing to pay the going rate for health data ? Most Americans do n't even know that data brokers exist , let alone that they collect and trade a staggering amount of our personal data . Brokers operate invisibly , buying and selling data about us without interacting directly with us . Too few offer easy ways for us to access our information or opt-out of their system of data collection . The Federal Trade Commission , a bipartisan agency that works to protect consumers , is seeking to shed light on this largely unknown industry . The FTC has just released a detailed study of nine data brokers . We found that data brokers collect billions of pieces of data on nearly every American consumer , often merging online and offline information . Data brokers are also making potentially sensitive inferences about consumers -- about their health , financial status , and ethnic backgrounds . And consumers have little if any window into this process , let alone meaningful control or choice about how their data is shared among businesses . This week , the FTC has called on Congress to improve the transparency of the data broker industry , and to provide consumers more control over their personal information . We also recommend that Congress require data brokers to create a centralized website , among other measures , so that consumers can access their own data and opt out of data collection and retention . I also believe data brokers should be required to take reasonable steps to ensure consumer information is not used for unlawful purposes , such as to illegally discriminate . We need better transparency into how data brokers collect and use our personal information to help ensure that we not go down a path that leads to unfair exclusion , but rather one that widens opportunities for all consumers . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	FTC chairwoman Edith Ramirez warns consumers about invisible data brokers Transactions quietly surrender a gold mine of data , from where you live to what you like FTC wants Congress to improve the transparency of data broker industry It also wants brokers to create central website so consumers can see their own data , opt out
Milwaukee  CNN  -- While there is a short-term and potential electoral edge in Mitt Romney 's selection of Paul Ryan as his running mate , it is politically risky and violates what should be the guiding principle in choosing a vice-presidential nominee : "  First , do no harm . " In the end , the choice may do more harm than good . The son of a lawyer , Ryan was born and raised in Janesville , a city in the southern Wisconsin . His working-class credentials include driving an Oscar Mayer wiener truck . Ryan 's rise in state politics began improbably in 1998 when at the age of 28 he handily won the open seat contest for Wisconsin 's 1st Congressional District in what was an otherwise disastrous year for the Republican Party . Opinion : Paul Ryan and Gen X GOP There is no doubt that Ryan is charismatic , resilient and sharp . When he was a teenager , his father , like his grandfather and great-grandfather , died of a heart attack in his 50s . As a result , Ryan has shown a consistent dedication to physical health . In early mornings in Washington , he leads lawmakers through regimented workouts . The man is driven . His swift ascent in the nation 's capital as one of the most promising young leaders of the GOP was cemented in part by his highly touted "  Path to Prosperity " budget plan . But in his home state , it is not clear how much Wisconsinites know about him since he has never held statewide office . As Romney slightly trails Obama in Wisconsin , perhaps Ryan could improve Romney 's chance of winning over the voters . A survey of Wisconsin voters from the middle of July tested the impact of adding Ryan to the ticket and found that doing so would cut a six-point Obama lead to just a one-point lead . It 's hard to predict the overall statewide impact on Election Day . Wisconsin is not a solidly Democratic or Republican state ; it is a sharply divided , very middle-of-the-road part of the country . Democratic candidates have carried Wisconsin -- sometimes by the slimmest of margins -- since 1988 . Historically , it is n't clear that the choice of a vice president matters very much at all . It seems significant when the decision is made , but the top of the ticket is what voters care about . The things that make people like or dislike Romney -- their own partisan and ideological predispositions , their perceptions of economic conditions , their level of satisfaction with the direction of the country -- are likely to also determine how they feel about Ryan . The impact of the Ryan pick -- whether positive or negative as we will soon find out -- will only be worth a few points in either direction on the national stage . Given how close the election is , any major decisions made by either of the campaigns could be decisive . One of the upsides of the Ryan pick is that it changes the campaign narrative . Romney has been taking a beating in the last few weeks . He desperately needs to shift attention in a new direction . Since the choice of a conservative firebrand like Ryan will be viewed as a daring choice , Romney may see a temporary boost to his campaign . Unquestionably , Ryan will help Romney solidify support with staunch members of the GOP . Most of them would have supported Romney in the end regardless , but Romney wanted to assure them that he is reliable and ideologically aligned to the Republican base . Opinion : Ryan will shift the campaign dynamic But a serious downside to a Romney-Ryan ticket may be Ryan 's specific policy ideas . Widely lauded in conservative circles , Ryan 's budget plan will become front and center in the campaign . This is especially true for the fundamental restructuring of Medicare as proposed in the plan . Medicare and Social Security are typically viewed as the "  third rail " of American politics , and presidential candidates have historically shied away from proposing sweeping changes to these programs . By choosing Ryan , Romney all but guaranteed that these hot-button issues would become fodder for the Obama campaign , which will present a contrasting vision of entitlement programs for Americans . It 's treacherous waters to step into . Romney has come clean about his conservative loyalties in selecting Ryan . It is worth keeping in mind , however , that this election will probably be determined by factors that have little to do with the vice presidential candidates . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas M. Holbrook .	Thomas Holbrook : It 's not certain how much Paul Ryan can help Mitt Romney Holbrook : In his home state , most Wisconsinites do n't really know him He says Democratic candidates have carried Wisconsin since 1988 Holbrook : Ryan 's budget plan will push Romney 's campaign to address thorny issues
Russia and China blocked efforts of other major powers to pass a U.N. Security Council resolution on Syria Tuesday , with a dramatic dual veto thwarting a call for an immediate halt to the crackdown in Syria against opponents of President Bashar al-Assad . Nine of the 15-member council countries , including the United States , voted in favor of adopting the resolution . The Russian ambassador to the U.N. said Security Council action would be "  an intervention " that would send the wrong message to the international community . "  I understand that my European colleagues are upset , having not obtained a resolution which they were trying to obtain , " Russia 's Vitaly Churkin told reporters afterward . "  Some capitals are being overly hasty in passing their judgment about the illegitimacy of the leaders in Syria , " he added . U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice , meanwhile , said the United States "  is outraged that this council has utterly failed to address an urgent moral challenge and a growing threat to regional peace and security . " The resolution , if passed , would have called upon Syria to stop oppressing its citizens . "  The unprecedented , aggressive language resorted  to  by certain ambassadors against my country , against the political leaders of my country , facilitated my task today , " said Bashar Ja'afari , Syrian ambassador to the United Nations . "  This aggressive discourse reveals the prejudice in certain Western capitals against my country 's political leadership , " added Ja'afari . Security Council member countries India , Brazil , South Africa , Lebanon abstained from voting on the resolution . "  After seven months of near complete inaction in the Council , while at least 2,600 people were being killed , and thousands injured , arrested or tortured , this vote is a disgrace . By casting their veto , Russia and China are enabling the Syrian government 's abhorrent repression campaign , " said Philippe Bolopion , the United Nations director for Human Rights Watch . Meanwhile , another round of violence flared in Syria Tuesday , as reports of more deaths surfaced amid the relentless government crackdown on protesters . The nearly seven-month-long offensive has drawn world condemnation and calls to action against the government of al-Assad . And a newly formed group of army deserters has issued pleas for help from the international community . "  This regime will stay until the last drop of blood , " said Col. Riad al-Assa ` ad , head of a group of army deserters that has merged into a force called the Free Syria Army . "  But there ca n't be more bloodshed than there already is . " "  This is a regime built on force . And it ca n't be brought down but with force . We lived under it for 40 years . " At a State Department briefing in Washington before the Security Council vote , spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said adoption of a U.N. resolution would send a message to the al-Assad regime that "  the violence has to stop . " "  We 've been making the strongest possible case that we can to all of the U.N. Security Council members that , given the bloodshed , given the violence , given the arrests , given the torture that the Assad regime has propagated against its own people , it is overdue for the Security Council to make its views known , and we hope that is a very , very strong message that they are receiving , " Nuland said . Also on Tuesday , three Syrian army soldiers and one civilian were killed during clashes in Jabal Al-Zawiya in Idlib province , said the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Security forces chasing wanted people killed a man in the forests of Idlib between Karouma and al-Bara . The activist group , which has a network of contacts across Syria , said fighting erupted in the morning between soldiers at a military camp in the northwestern province and armed men believed to be army defectors . The corpse of a student detained by security forces in the town last month was returned to his family , the observatory said . The group also said security forces in Al-Dar Al-Kabira village in Homs province opened fire at a security checkpoint and killed three civilians . The province is in the western part of the country . It said a 12-year-old was killed in the Homs province community of Deir Baalba . The observatory says 2,365 civilians and 680 army and security forces have been killed in the unrest since mid-March . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , another activist group , said at least nine people died , including six in Homs and three in Idlib . Government forces dispersed a student demonstration in Hasaka in the east and arrested two students and a teacher . Security forces arrested 10 youths in a demonstration in the western city of Baniyas . The LCC also reported raids and arrests in the Damascus suburbs . The activist group said there was an exchange of fire between military forces and dissident soldiers in the southern Daraa province . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said "  an armed terrorist group " ambushed security forces in the city of Hama , in the west . Two law enforcement members were killed , and two were injured . It also said that "  an armed terrorist group " was responsible for killing and mutilating five citizens in Homs after they were abducted and tortured . Activists blame violence engulfing Syria since mid-March on security personnel attacks . The Syrian government says armed terrorists are responsible . CNN is unable to independently verify such claims , because the Syrian government has denied international journalists access to the country . The Free Syria Army , meanwhile , is hoping for support from the United States , Europe and neighboring countries , such as Turkey . Al-Assa ` ad is asking the international community to implement a no-fly zone and a naval blockade , measures similar to those taken by an international coalition against Libya . The Free Syria Army is also requesting weapons and wants the regime 's frozen assets . "  Our correct strategy is to protect the demonstrations from the security forces and the shabiha ... until we bring down the regime , " he told CNN on Monday , making a reference to pro-government forces . "  If we have a no-fly zone and a naval blockade and the weapons , we can secure an area to operate from and move forward with bringing down the regime . " Al-Assa ` ad told CNN that the Syrian army "  strayed from its mission , " and his group decided to make protection of the citizenry its mission . "  The regime was using the military as its own private army , not an army to protect Syria and the people . They turned the army into a gang that was killing people , killing innocents , destroying homes , " he said Monday . Al-Assa ` ad sloughed off the government claim about armed gangs fomenting violence . "  From the start of the revolution in Syria , we would get orders that there were armed gangs in the country , " he said . "  But there were no armed gangs . " The Free Syria Army recently claimed responsibility for operations in Homs and Deir Ezzor in the east to protect the civilian population and harass army units to prevent them from operating effectively . Al-Assa ` ad said military and security forces are "  demoralized and tired . " "  We are carrying out operations on Syrian lands . There are areas that they are unable to enter . There are many areas that they are fearful about entering . We are causing them losses . " Al-Assa ` ad said defecting is a serious move to make because of the risks to defectors ' families . But the numbers of army defectors are increasing . Asked whether any soldier with blood on his hands would be forgiven , Al-Assa ` ad said , "  they are killing because they are being forced to . ... Many have been executed because they refused to shoot . "	Rice : U.S. is "  outraged " after veto of Syrian resolution The U.S. State Department says "  violence has to stop " The Free Syria Army wants international help Activists and the government report deaths Tuesday
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The mayor of West Hollywood has condemned a Halloween display resembling Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin hanging by a noose . A Halloween display resembling Sarah Palin hanging in West Hollywood . The life-size doll with a white noose around its neck is outfitted to look like Palin -- with a beehive wig , glasses and a red business suit . It hangs in front of the North Orange Grove Avenue house of the display 's creator , Chad Michael Morrisette , who also put up a depiction of Republican presidential candidate John McCain engulfed in flames . Mayor Jeffry Prang asked in a statement that the display be taken down and said : "  I respect that we all have the right to freedom of speech . However , with that right comes responsibility " . "  While these residents have the legal right to display Senator John McCain and Governor Sarah Palin in effigy , I strongly oppose political speech that references violence -- real or perceived , " he added . The effigy resembling McCain appears to emerge from the house 's chimney with paper flames around it . Both displays are clearly visible from the street and attract locals and tourists to take pictures . However not all locals -- Republican or Democrat -- are charmed by the somewhat provocative dolls . One , who identified himself to CNN affiliate KCAL-TV in Los Angeles only as "  George , " said the display takes the spirit of Halloween "  too far . " What do you think , tell us below . Morissette does admit that if he had put up a display resembling Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama hanging from a noose , "  people would 've probably thrown things through our windows . " "  The image of a hanged black man is a lot more intense than the image of a hanged white woman -- for our country , in the history of our country , " he explained to KCAL . Morrisette said he wants the display viewed as art that is appropriate for the holiday . "  It is Halloween . It 's time to be scary . Its time to be spooky , " he said . Mayor Prang 's statement , without naming Morrisette by name , asked that residents find "  more constructive ways to express their opinion . " "  Politics in America has become extremely polarized in recent years and we all have a responsibility to focus on our political differences in a thoughtful and peaceful manner , " he said .	Life-size Halloween doll resembling Sarah Palin with noose causes outcry Mayor of West Hollywood condemns the display as it references violence Some locals oppose at it takes the theme of Halloween too far
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Organizers of the 2010 World Cup hoped the soccer tournament could provide a catalyst for a "  re-branding " of South Africa , and arguably there is no group within the Rainbow Nation that needs this makeover more than the Afrikaner community . The Afrikaners -- who count Oscar-winning actress Charlize Theron and former athlete Zola Budd among their number -- are descendants of European , mainly Dutch settlers , who moved to the southern tip of Africa in the 17th century . Making up just under six percent of the population -- numbering around three million from an overall population of nearly 50 million according to the 2007 Community Survey -- it is the white Afrikaner people that were most closely associated with the ruling elite of the racist and oppressive apartheid regime that existed from 1948 to 1994 . "  There was a long time that Afrikaners were perceived to be the polecats of the world , it is something we have to live with , " Tim Du Plessis , editor of Afrikaans newspaper Beeld told CNN . "  But people -LSB- who come to the World Cup -RSB- will realize the Afrikaners are very indigenous to Africa . There 's a brand new generation coming through who have traveled all over the world . They are not seen as racist Afrikaners they are seen a people of South Africa , " he added . The Afrikaans language , which is the third most spoken in South Africa , like much of the group 's culture is entwined with the country 's recent divisive past ; the plan to enforce the teaching of Afrikaans in black schools sparked the violence of the Soweto uprising of 1976 in which 23 students died after police opened fire . It was the tradition of Christian conservatism and social conformity as well as the shackles of a problematic past , which drove musicians Francois van Coke and Wynand Myburgh to show a new face of their community through music . As part of punk outfit F **** polisiekar -- which is an expletive-laden Afrikaans ' phrase for "  go away police car " -- the Cape Town-based band has expressed their situation by singing in Afrikaans since 2003 . "  I think with -LSB- our -RSB- music we were saying we 're not part of that whole Afrikaner mentality , our first album was an outlet for that and the songs were quite angry . Things need to change , " lead singer and guitarist Van Coke told CNN . The name , though offensive , was significant for the band members . "  If you grow up as an Afrikaner you have those images of cop cars driving around telling you what to do and how to behave , so the name was a way ... of leaving those mental bondages , of growing up in that community , behind , " bass player Myburgh said . "  The Afrikaner has always been told exactly what to do ... we rebelled against that and tried to forge a new direction , " Van Coke added . The controversial band 's socio-political songs and questioning of the Christian faith have seen them become pariahs in their own community , but as one of South Africa 's most popular groups -- who have toured with the White Stripes and Metallica -- they are helping to redefine the Afrikaner . "  There 's a lot of talk about our language dying out , there is fear and anxiety that our identity will be lost . My point of view : we 've never been pro-Afrikaner or pro the Afrikaans language -- we just are who we are , like or not . The most important thing is for people to give it space to breath , to grow , to allow change . "  Change is good , -LSB- the Afrikaner community -RSB- should take on a new face . Trying to hold onto what went before , to keep it the same is never going to work . There are a lot of people who are proud of being Afrikaans , and I get a lot of emails saying that because of our music they 're proud of being Afrikaner again or that they think Afrikaans is cool , " Myburgh added . While sound-checking for a gig in the bohemian , Melville suburb of Johannesburg , the musicians told CNN the World Cup had helped to alleviate some of the racial tensions that had risen as a result of the murder of right-wing extremist Eugene Terre ` blanche . Two black farm workers were formally charged in April . "  Before the World Cup it felt like the country had gone back 15 years , the way things were going . But I think the greater majority of South Africa want a unified country , " Van Coke said . And for a community that is almost defined by an all-consuming passion for the "  Springbok " national rugby union team , the irony that a new national image and that unity could be forged via a soccer event , traditionally a black sport , was not lost on skeptical Afrikaners . "  Prior to the World Cup our readers were indifferent to the event . Our sport coverage was rugby , rugby , and rugby ; even in the off-season . But now I hear stories all the time of Afrikaans people who were not interested in soccer , glued to their televisions watching the World Cup . Currently we have saturation coverage , and the readers like it . " Du Plessis added the hosting of a big event had resonated with many Afrikaners : "  They feel a bit alienated , because it 's been a very black dominated World Cup ... and no white footballer played a game for Bafana Bafana , but they feel good that we 're showing well on a global stage . "  Afrikaners are fiercely patriotic , they love their country and they want to show their best side to all of the foreign visitors . " Dennis Van Zyl , the 47-year-old chairman of the Old Grey 's Rugby Club , is maybe an example of what Du Plessis has noticed from the feedback of his readership . The six-foot-five , predominantly Afrikaans speaking custodian was a former rugby union professional , playing flanker along side Springbok-greats such as Andre Joubert , Pieter Muller , Victor Matfield and Bakkies Botha in the 1990s . From the clubhouse based in the Afrikaner capital of Bloemfontein , Free State , Van Zyl told CNN he had been bitten by the soccer bug : "  I had never watched football before the World Cup . Now I go home and watch soccer , all the white guys talk football now . " Van Zyl 's rugby club -- which has seen 29 of its players go on to play for the national side -- has benefited from booming business over the last month thanks to its fortunate position a short walk from the Bloemfontein Stadium , a venue of six World Cup matches . Playing host to the throngs of foreign fans who flock to taste the specialty braai'ed  barbequed  meat on offer from the kitchen , has allowed Van Zyl to contribute to what he told CNN was his hope for the most important legacy of the World Cup . "  I would just like all the people who visited our country to go home and say , you know South Africa , it 's not so bad . There is a bunch of good guys who are also there . "	Afrikaners make up just under six percent of South Africa 's population Are descendants of mainly Dutch settlers , who moved there in 17th century The group 's culture is entwined with the country 's recent divisive past Punk outfit F **** polisiekar are helping to show new face of their community
CNN  -- Visiting a particle accelerator is like a religious experience , at least for Nima Arkani-Hamed . Nima Arkani-Hamed , a leading theoretical physicist , thinks the universe has at least 11 dimensions . Immense detectors surround the areas where inconceivably small particles slam into one another at super-high energies , collisions that may confirm Arkani-Hamed 's predictions about undiscovered properties of nature . Arkani-Hamed is only in his mid-30s , but he has distinguished himself as one of the leading thinkers in the field of particle physics . His revolutionary ideas about the way the universe works will finally be put to the test this year at Switzerland 's Large Hadron Collider , which will be the world 's most powerful particle accelerator . The accelerator , estimated to cost between $ 5 billion and $ 10 billion , could provide answers to questions physicists have had for decades . Thousands of scientists from around the world are collaborating on the project at the European Organization for Nuclear Research , or CERN . If the results confirm any of Arkani-Hamed 's predictions , they would be the first extension of our notions of space-time since Albert Einstein . "  We 're essentially guaranteed that there 's going to be something surprising , " Arkani-Hamed said of the Large Hadron Collider , which will operate inside a 17-mile circular tunnel . See what 's planned for the collider " Regarded as a "  gem , " Arkani-Hamed is "  opening our minds and creating a new world of ideas that challenge deep-grained preconceptions about spacetime , " said Chris Tully , professor of physics at Princeton University , who is working on the Compact Muon Solenoid experiment at the Large Hadron Collider . "  From the point of view of the big experiments at the LHC , there is no amount of money or craftsmanship that would produce the kind of insight that comes from sharing LHC data with a true visionary like Nima Arkani-Hamed , " Tully said . Formerly a professor at Harvard , Arkani-Hamed currently sits on the faculty at the prestigious Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey , where Einstein served from 1933 until his death in 1955 . "  He was lured from Harvard to the IAS ; I 'm sure that 's considered quite a coup , " said Daniel Marlow , a physics professor at Princeton who is also collaborating on the CMS experiment . Arkani-Hamed has had a hand in explaining how the world can operate according to Einstein 's theory of general relativity , which describes the universe on a very large scale , and at the same time follow quantum mechanics , laws that describe the universe on a scale smaller than the eye can see . Some of the key mysteries that stem from these clashing theories include why gravity is so weak , relative to the other fundamental physical forces such as electromagnetism and why the universe is so large . These issues come up because on an inconceivably small scale , the particles that make up our world seem to behave completely differently than one might imagine . For example , if you are driving a car , your GPS tells you where you are , and your speedometer tells you how fast you are moving . But on the scale of particles like electrons , it is impossible to know both position and speed at once ; the very act of trying to find out requires incredible amounts of energy . If it takes so much energy just to try to pin down a particle , then , in theory , all particles should have temporary energy changes around them called "  quantum fluctuations . " This energy translates into mass , since Einstein famously said that mass and energy are interchangeable through the equation E = mc2 . "  It makes it extremely mysterious that the electron , or indeed , everything else that we know and love and are made of , is n't incredibly more massive than it is , " Arkani-Hamed said . A theory that has emerged in recent decades that claims to bring some relief to physics mysteries like these is called superstring theory , or string theory for short . Previously , scientists believed that the smallest , most indivisible building blocks of our world were particles , but string theory says the world is made of extremely small vibrating loops called strings . In order for these strings to properly constitute our universe , they must vibrate in 11 dimensions , scientists say . Everyone observes three spatial dimensions and one for time , but theoretical models suggest at least seven others that we do not see . Arkani-Hamed proposed , along with physicists Savas Dimopoulos and Gia Dvali , that some of these dimensions are larger than previously thought -- specifically , as large as a millimeter . Physicists call this the ADD model , after the first initials of the authors ' last names . We have n't seen these extra dimensions because gravity is the only force that can wander around them , Arkani-Hamed said . String theory has come under attack because some say it can never be tested ; the strings are supposed to be smaller than any particle ever detected , after all . But Arkani-Hamed says the Large Hadron Collider could lead to the direct observation of strings , or at least indirect evidence of their existence . In fact , by slamming particles into one another , the Large Hadron Collider may detect particles slipping in and out of the dimensions that Arkani-Hamed has worked on describing . Particle collisions should begin at the Large Hadron Collider in August or September , according to the US/LHC Web site . Evidence of theories such as the ADD model could be discovered by 2009 , Marlow said . Data reflecting Arkani-Hamed 's work on large extra dimensions "  would really provide the first confirmation in this very profound way we might think about nature , " Marlow said . Arkani-Hamed always had a great love of the natural world as a child . Though his parents are also physicists , he considers it his "  act of teenage rebellion to become one too , " as his mother wanted him to become a doctor . He remembers being impressed around age 14 that Newton 's laws could enable him to calculate such things as the minimum speed that a space shuttle had to attain to escape the Earth 's gravitational field . He 'd wondered whether scientists had reached the figure of 11 kilometers per second by trial and error , shooting things in the air until the right speed emerged , until he could calculate it himself . "  When I figured out how to do that for myself , I just thought it was just the coolest thing , that little old me , scratching away on my piece of paper , could figure this out , " he said . "  From about 13 or 14 , I knew that this is what I wanted to do . "	Nima Arkani-Hamed , a theoretical physicist , predicts large extra dimensions The Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland may confirm his ideas LHC results may change ideas of spacetime for the first time since Einstein String theory postulates that the building blocks of matter are vibrating strings
CNN  At first blush , Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire seem like any other small business owners -- polite , hardworking and passionate about what they do . But there 's the potential for things to get a little awkward when the conversation turns from "  hi "  s to highs . "  There 's always a moment of hesitation of ` when are they going to ask us what we do ? ' and ` how are they going to receive that when we tell them ? ' " McGuire , 25 , said . She and Rogers , 34 , own the Breckenridge Cannabis Club , a recreational marijuana dispensary in the historic and scenic ski town of Breckenridge , Colorado . The couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010 , but when Colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana , they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity . Previously , they were only permitted to sell medical marijuana to the approximate 4,500 permanent residents of Breckenridge ; when the new legislation took effect on January 1 , 2014 , they could then sell to any of the 30,000-plus tourists  21 years or older  who visited the town during peak season . By the end of the first day of "  recreational " sales , they knew their lives had changed forever . The two said they brought in more than $ 47,000 in sales , roughly 30 times their normal daily sales of medical marijuana . The long lines and enthusiastic patrons also raised the ire of some of the residents who felt the shop detracted from the town 's "  family-friendly " atmosphere Now , the pair 's journey to build a legal marijuana empire is documented in the new CNN Original Series "  High Profits , " which premieres Sunday , April 19 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT . "  Somebody is going to become a mogul , " Rogers said . In 2014 , legal marijuana was a $ 700 million industry in Colorado and was billed as the fastest growing industry in the United States . And , according to a a 2014 Gallup Poll , 51 % of Americans favored legalizing marijuana , though that was down from the previous year 's approval of 58 % . It 's a majority , but a slim majority -- and 23 states still prohibit marijuana outright . Here are the next states to legalize pot "  We want to show people that it 's not just a bunch of stoners selling pot over the counter , " McGuire said . "  It 's business-minded people -- hardworking Americans -- who are just like any other business and trying to make their dream work . " She and Rogers are simultaneously pragmatic and optimistic about the public 's opinion . It 's 2015 : Is weed legal in your state ? "  I think they often think we woke up and it was handed to us . Our job was created ; we created our jobs through hard work and investment and risk , " Rogers said . As pioneers in a newly legalized business , the risks Rogers and McGuire face go above and beyond those of your average small business . While the sale and private consumption of cannabis is legal in Colorado , the federal government still considers it a Schedule I controlled substance like heroin or LSD , a dangerous drug with "  no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse . " That classification makes it difficult for banks -- which are federally regulated -- to do business with marijuana retailers , even legal ones . Few even try . This is pot 's $ 3 billion banking problem And forget about paying for your pot with plastic . Like most Colorado cannabis stores , the Breckenridge Cannabis Club is a cash only business . Without access to banking , McGuire and Rogers are forced to pay their staff , their suppliers and even their taxes in cash . The two recognize that "  budtender " might not be a career path any family expects their child to embark on , but for the most part , there has been surprising support : McGuire even got permission to use the remainder of her college fund to start Breckenridge Cannabis Club more than five years ago . "  For both of us , it was pretty easy to see this as a great opportunity to do something different , " McGuire said . "  We were just working in the service industry so it 's not like either of us had any full-fledged careers that we were afraid to leave behind or families that we were worried about risking or providing for . " What 's worse -- pot or booze ? Rogers ' family used to tell his grandmother that he and McGuire ran a ski rental business . "  Then one day she was like , ` You do n't rent skis , do you ? ' " he laughs . McGuire had a similar experience with her grandma , until she came to the store for the first time and saw its legitimacy . "  She thought we were just your stereotypical drug dealers , " she said . The couple says their grandmothers ' attitude shift is what they 're hoping for on a larger scale : While you may not agree with them , entrepreneurs in four states and the District of Columbia are out to prove that recreational cannabis and capitalism can coexist . "  We 're cannabis consumers and we support that part of it , too . But that 's not what this business is about , " McGuire said . "  It 's about having the opportunity to create a life for us and have a professional career that sustains us . " Will they succeed ? Tune in to "  High Profits , " Sunday nights at 10 p.m. ET/PT .	"  High Profits " follows the owners of a recreational marijuana dispensary The CNN Original Series airs Sundays at 10 p.m. ET
CNN  -- The 129 inmates who escaped from a northern Mexico prison did not flee through a tunnel , as authorities first reported . They walked out the front door . Federal and local authorities launched a manhunt after the inmates escaped Monday in Piedras Negras , across the border from Eagle Pass , Texas . Authorities arrested 16 employees , including the prison director , after the escape . Politician Manlio Fabio Beltrones said the prison break highlights a larger issue in Mexico . "  The crisis in the Mexican prison system is serious and must be addressed urgently , " Beltrones said . Mexican President Felipe Calderon condemned the escape , calling it "  deplorable " in a series of Twitter posts Tuesday . "  In the past six years , more than 1,000 inmates have escaped from state prisons . From the federal prisons , not one , " he wrote . The largest escape during Calderon 's six-year term occurred in December 2010 , when 151 inmates escaped from a local prison in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo . In February , 30 inmates fled after a riot in a prison in Monterrey , Mexico . Authorities originally said the inmates in the latest escape slipped through a 23-foot tunnel , sliced through a chain-link fence and ran through an empty lot . But they released new information saying the inmates went through the front door . "  It is hard to believe that they went through that tunnel , " said Jose Luis Moran , the public safety secretary for the Mexican state of Coahuila . Officials originally said that 132 inmates had escaped but adjusted the figure to 129 after finding three inmates hiding in another part of the prison . Police set up blockades on roads leading to the Mexico-U.S. border . U.S. Customs and Border Protection placed its officers and agents in the area on alert , a homeland security official said . "  At this point , CBP has no reports of escapees attempting to cross the border . We will continue coordinating with our Mexican counterparts as we monitor this situation , " the source said . More on Mexico : Gulf Cartel boss arrested CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Mario Gonzalez and Rey Rodriguez and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Prison director is among 16 employees arrested after the escape Authorities launch a manhunt after the escape Police set up blockades on roads leading to the United States President : More than 1,000 inmates flee from state prisons in six years
CNN  -- Lady Gaga reached an out-of-court settlement with her former assistant who sued for unpaid overtime , according to a court filing . Details of the deal were not revealed in a document filed in court last week asking the clerk to close the case . The lawsuit , which sought $ 350,000 in back pay from the singer , had been set for trial in New York starting next week . U.S. District Judge Paul G. Gardephe ruled last month against Gaga 's lawyer 's request that the case be dismissed . In her lawsuit , Jennifer O'Neill says that she worked "  24/7 " as Gaga 's personal assistant . O'Neill was employed in early 2009 , and again from February 2010 to March 2011 . After she was rehired , she was told her annual salary would be $ 75,000 . "  Every day is a work day for her , so every day is a work day for the rest of us , " O'Neill said , according to court documents . "  There is no , we 're going to stay in , we 're going to sleep . There is no , let 's put on sweatpants and go out to the movies and be girlfriends . It does n't work like that . " Gaga , whose real name is Stefani Germanotta , testified that O'Neill "  deserves every one of her $ 75,000 that we agreed to . But she does not deserve a penny more . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung , Rachel Wells and Susan Candiotti contributed this report .	Details of the deal were not revealed in court papers filed to end the case A trial had been set for trial in New York next week The former personal assistant sought $ 350,000 in back pay from Lady Gaga Jennifer O'Neill claimed she worked "  24/7 " for Gaga
Mohammed Abu Khedair , a Palestinian teenager who was abducted and killed in Jerusalem this week , died from being burned alive and hit on the head with a blunt object , according to Palestinian General Prosecutor Mohammed al-Auwewy , citing a medical autopsy . Al-Auwewy said the autopsy discovered traces of smoke inside the lungs of the 16-year-old , indicating that it was inhaled while the fire was burning . Mark Regev , spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , said his country is aggressively investigating the killing . "  We 'll get to the bottom of it and catch those responsible , " he told CNN on Saturday . Relatives accuse Israeli forces of beating visiting U.S. teen . The teenager 's death sparked widespread outrage among Palestinians , many of whom believe he was killed in retaliation for the abduction and killing of three Israeli teens . Israeli authorities are investigating who killed Khedair and why , said Netanyahu . After the Palestinian teen 's funeral on Friday , more than 60 people were injured in clashes with Israeli security forces in parts of Jerusalem , according to the Palestinian Medical Relief Society , a group that said it was involved in evacuating injured Palestinians . It said the injuries mostly involved rubber bullets fired at the upper body and chest . Israeli police said 13 of their officers were slightly injured in clashes in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Shuafat , where Palestinian protesters were throwing rocks at police , who responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas . Clashes erupt after Palestinian teenager 's funeral in Jerusalem Meanwhile , a 15-year-old cousin of Khedair is at the center of a new controversy that 's become an international incident . Tariq Khdeir , 15 , a high school sophomore in Tampa , was visiting his Palestinian relatives in Jerusalem when he was attacked and detained , relatives told CNN . The family claims that Khdeir is seen in separate videos being held down and pummeled by men in the uniform of Israeli security forces . Israel 's Justice Ministry is investigating an incident that U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki called "  troubling . " Rockets from Gaza get Israeli response Khedair 's death has raised the ire of many Palestinians in Jerusalem . But that city is hardly the only place in the region that 's fraught with tension . Gaza and Israeli communities within rocket 's reach have seen plenty of intermittent violence in recent weeks . This comes after Israeli authorities blamed Hamas -- the Islamist militant group that controls Gaza -- for the kidnapping and killing of the three Israel teens whose bodies were found earlier this week . Hamas has praised the kidnappings of the Israelis but denied that it was responsible for what happened . It also warned if Netanyahu "  brings a war on Gaza , the gates of hell will open to him . " While it could still ratchet up significantly , the dangerous back-and-forth between the two sides continued this weekend . That includes more Israeli warplanes striking targets in Gaza , as well as more rockets being fired across the border into Israel early Sunday morning . Israel Defense Forces said in a press release that "  following constant rocket fire at  southern  Israeli communities , " its aircraft targeted 10 "  terror sites " in central and southern Gaza . The targets included "  concealed rocket launchers and a weapon manufacturing facility , " the military said . And on Saturday , Israeli military aircraft targeted a militant in southern Gaza who earlier in the day fired rockets at the town of Ofakim in southern Israel , IDF said in a statement . Initial indications suggest that three rockets were intercepted above the area of Ashkelon , the military said . At least 14 rockets have been fired at Israel since midnight Saturday with one being intercepted by Israel 's Iron Dome above Be'er Sheva , according to IDF . Twelve rockets landed in Israeli territory and another fell in Palestinian territory . Opinion : Slain teens call for justice , not escalation Netanyahu says of slain teens : ` May God avenge their blood '	Israeli military : 10 sites targeted in Gaza "  following constant rocket fire " 16-year-old Palestinian Mohammed Abu Khedair was burned alive , prosecutor says Spokesman for Israeli PM says Israel is aggressively investigating the killing His U.S. cousin was beaten a day later by uniformed men , relatives say
London  CNN  -- Sub-zero temperatures continued to keep eastern Europe in their grip Wednesday , leading to the deaths of 31 people in Ukraine so far , emergency officials there said . For several days , unusually cold weather and snow have slammed Eastern Europe , as well as other parts of Europe and central and western Turkey . CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said the heart of the cold air was still centered over Eastern Europe Wednesday , including Russia , Romania , Belarus and Poland as well as Ukraine , with temperatures generally a couple of degrees lower Wednesday than the day before . The Romanian capital , Bucharest , saw a low of -23 degrees Celsius  -9.4 degrees Fahrenheit  early Wednesday , compared with an average low of -4 degrees Celsius  25 degrees Fahrenheit  at this time of year . Ukraine 's capital , Kiev , was shivering at -22 degrees Celsius  -7.6 degree Fahrenheit  , with the mercury expected to drop to -31 degrees Celsius  -23.8 degree Fahrenheit  during the night . Most of the dead in Ukraine were homeless but some people died in their homes , the country 's Emergencies Ministry said . The death toll has risen sharply since two days ago , the ministry said . Almost 700 people have also been hospitalized with injuries related to the freeze . In several regions of Ukraine , including Kiev , entire housing complexes have been left without electricity or heating because of power failures . Schools are likely to close Thursday as temperatures are expected to drop below -24 degrees Celsius  -11.2 degrees Fahrenheit  , officials said . The Emergencies Ministry is doing everything possible to combat the weather and has set up 1,600 heating centers across the country to assist people without power or heating , it said . Temperatures could drop at the weekend to -30 degrees Celsius  -22 degrees Fahrenheit  in the daytime , the ministry warned . The health ministry said most of the deaths had occurred in eastern Ukraine , in the city of Donetsk and adjacent towns and villages . In Poland , five people died overnight , taking the total number of deaths to 15 since the icy weather rolled in Friday , the publicly-funded Polish Radio 's news website reported Wednesday . Most of those who died were homeless . Elsewhere , the bad weather was blamed for the sinking of a cargo ship carrying scrap metal off Turkey 's Black Sea coast late Tuesday . Divers , helicopters and coast guard ships have been scrambled in an effort to find eight missing crew members from the Cambodian-flagged ship Vera . In Istanbul , Turkey 's largest city , the municipality mobilized nearly 2,600 personnel and more than 870 vehicles to try to keep roads open , as snow reached depths of up to 38 centimeters  1.2 feet  . The unusual snowfall forced the cancellation and delay of scores of flights , as visibility was occasionally reduced to less than 50 meters  164 feet  mid-morning Wednesday . Istanbul also suspended its high-speed sea bus service , which ferries passengers up and down the Bosphorus Strait and stretches of the Marmara Sea . According to the Istanbul municipality 's website , at least 378 homeless citizens have been brought to shelters and hotels to escape the freezing temperatures . One man died when he fell in a well that was covered by snow moments after having his photo taken in the record snow , the mayor 's office said . More snow and bitter cold temperatures are expected Thursday from Edirne to Istanbul , with the heaviest snowfall expected in the Marmara region . Turkey 's cold spell is forecast to ease Friday . The cold air also pushed westward Wednesday , with Paris dipping to -5 degrees Celsius  23 degrees Fahrenheit  . The French capital may not top the freezing mark until the middle of next week , said Miller . In Italy , several professional soccer matches have been canceled or postponed due to the icy weather , according to Italy 's ANSA news agency . One weather-related death , that of a one-year-old child trapped in a car swept into a gully , has been reported in Siracusa , Sicily , the news agency said . The cold will not loosen its grip on most of continental Europe until next week , Miller said , although parts of southeastern Europe and the Balkans could see temperatures begin to moderate on Friday as a result of a low pressure system moving in from the Mediterranean Sea . This system will also dump heavy snowfall in the Balkans , mirroring the recent snow storm which ushered in the cold blast for many locations in southeast Europe . Journalist Alexey Yaroshevsky and CNN 's Talia Kayali , Laura Smith-Spark and Theo Nikolaou contributed to this report .	The heart of the cold air is centered over Eastern Europe , a CNN meteorologist says More than 30 people have died as a result of the cold in Ukraine , officials say Even colder weather and heavy snow are forecast later this week for some areas The icy conditions are spreading westward across Europe
CNN  -- Many people are outraged about the just-revealed psychological experiment Facebook performed in 2012 on 690,000 unwitting people , altering the mix of positive and negative posts in their feeds . Playing with people 's emotions without their consent is a problem . But it would be even worse if we think -- after Facebook posts one of its all-too-common apologies -- that Facebook is done manipulating its users . No . The experiment was only a more intrusive version of what the company does every time we visit our Facebook page . Facebook 's experiment was a version of so-called "  A/B " testing , one of the most widely used and effective techniques large websites use to "  provide a better customer experience " -- that is , to sell us more stuff . For example , for years Amazon has routinely experimented with seemingly insignificant changes to its pages , like showing half of its visitors a discount offer on the left side , and the same ad on the right to the other half . If Amazon finds a statistically significant uptick in clicks on the offer when it 's on one side , from then on that 's where they put the offers . Companies A/B test every parameter about a page , from font sizes to colors to the depth of the drop shadows . But the Facebook experiment was not normal A/B testing . Usually a test alters some seemingly irrelevant factor . But Facebook 's experiment changed the site 's core service : showing us what 's up with our friends . Worse , Facebook did so in a way likely to affect the emotional state of its users . And that 's something to be concerned about . But much of the outrage is driven by a false assumption : that there is a "  real " mix of news about our friends . There is n't . Facebook always uses algorithms to figure out what to show us and what to leave obscure . Facebook is in the business of providing us with a feed that filters the Colorado River rapids into a tinkling stream we can drink from . The 2012 experiment is a window onto this larger concern : Facebook , an important and even dominant part of our social infrastructure , makes decisions about what we 'll know about our friends based on what works for Facebook , Inc. , and only secondarily based on what works for us as individuals and as a society . This point is illustrated in Eli Pariser 's excellent book  and terrific TED Talk  The Filter Bubble . Facebook filters our feeds to make us happier customers . But Facebook defines a happy customer as one that comes back often and clicks on a lot of links . When it comes to politics , we can easily see the problem : Showing us news that excites our click finger is a formula for promoting shouting and political divisiveness . Too much of that is bad , but in both politics and social relationships more broadly , do we know what the "  right mix " is ? Are we sure that filtering social news so that it includes more of the negative is bad ? And positive filtering can paint a too-rosy picture of our social network , shielding us from the full force of life as it is actually lived . I do n't know the answer , but it ca n't come from a commercial entity whose overriding aim is to keep us coming back so we can buy more from its advertisers . There are many options to play with here . For example , we could be given more individual control over our own filters . Or a site could "  nudge " us toward feeds that achieve socially desirable aims like making us more willing to explore and embrace differences . But we 're unlikely to see such options so long as we have given control over our the flow of our social information to commercial entities that have as their primary interest not the health of our society and culture , but their bottom line . Sometimes those interests may align , but not reliably or often enough . So , I 'm upset about Facebook 's cavalier toying with our emotions , but I 'm far more disturbed about what Facebook and other such sites do all the time .	David Weinberger : Many angry over Facebook 's psychological experiment on users in 2012 He says it was only a more intrusive version of what FB and other websites do all the time FB decides what we 'll know about friends based on what profits FB , he says Weinberger : Facebook could use this control to better society , but the bottom line comes first
Moscow  CNN  -- Chechen rebel leader Doku Umarov claimed responsibility Monday for last month 's deadly attack on Moscow 's main international airport that left 36 people dead . In a video message , posted on a website that regularly carries messages from Chechen rebels , Umarov said he was speaking on January 24 -- the day of the deadly bombing . He wore camouflage combat fatigues and a black skullcap . "  The special operation was done in accordance with my order . Similar special operations will be taking place in the future , " he said in Russian . The Kavkaz Center website said it received the message and posted it late Monday . In a seperate message posted over the weekend , the self-titled Emir of the North Caucasus vowed to deliver "  a year of blood and tears " to Russia , saying that there were dozens of rebels prepared to carry out attacks . "  I wo n't tell you there are hundreds of us prepared for jihad . But 50 or 60 , God willing , we will find , " said Umarov . "  Those operations will be conducted monthly or weekly , as Allah allows us , " he said . In Moscow , investigators say they have identified the suspected suicide bomber behind the airport attack as a 20-year-old man from the North Caucusus region . Alexander Bortnikov , the head of Russia 's Federal Security Service , has refused to publicly name the suspect or identify his specific origin . But he told Russian state television the alleged bomber was under the influence of drugs before the attack . "  Biological studies revealed the presence of a huge amount of highly potent narcotic and psychotropic substances in parts of the suicide bomber 's body , " Bortnikov said . Sitting beneath a black flag and flanked by two other bearded rebels in the message posted first , Umarov names the young man to his left as "  Mujahedeen Seifullah . " He said the man was being sent on a mission , although it is not clear from the video if this was the suspected Moscow airport bomber , or when the message was recorded . "  I would like Putin and Medvedev and all other kaffirs and enemies to understand that there are many of us who will follow in our footsteps and give their lives for Allah , " Umarov said .	NEW : Doku Umarov says he directed the January 24 airport bombing NEW : He promises more attacks in the future 36 people were killed in the blast
LifeWire  -- Nancy Dunetz , who teaches English as a second language in New York City , sat down in the school staff room to check her e-mail . One of the messages in her inbox was from an acquaintance she 'd been corresponding with since their 50th high school reunion last year . In a survey of 4,000 people , about a third said they had accidentally sent an e-mail to the wrong person . But this e-mail last June did n't contain chummy banter or reminiscences . It simply included a lewd photo of a partly unclothed young man . The file name of the picture was "  Mid East Hottie . " "  I was shocked ! " says Dunetz , 68 . She hastily closed the e-mail and tried to erase the image from her mind . Later that day , the sender e-mailed an apology to her and two dozen others who had received the e-mail . He explained he 'd been experimenting with his new computer and was trying to figure out how to add attachments to an e-mail , Dunetz says . In doing so , he attached an image from his desktop and tried to send it to himself . Instead , the e-mail program automatically filled in an entire group from his address book -- something he apparently did n't realize until after he hit the "  send " button . "  I felt terrible for him , " Dunetz says . "  I could imagine just how mortified he must have been . " With some 55 billion e-mails being sent daily  not including spam  , according to e-mail archiving company The Radicati Group , misdirected e-mails have become the online equivalent of a wrong number . They 're unavoidable , annoying -- and often embarrassing . The ` uh-oh ' e-mail In a recent online survey conducted by AOL , 32 percent of the 4,000 respondents have at one time or another mistakenly forwarded an e-mail to an unintended recipient . And often , it 's something not so nice . Karla Comer , an account executive at an ad agency in Greensboro , North Carolina , knows just how embarrassing that can be . In 2004 , Comer met a guy at a concert and went out with him a few times , but ultimately realized she was n't interested . "  He was just awkward and clumsy . And sometimes I 'd catch him staring at me , which really creeped me out , " she says . She tried to end the relationship by simply not returning his phone calls . "  But then he e-mailed and casually said that he had not heard from me in a while and he hoped everything was fine but just assumed I was busy , " says Comer , 31 . "  Before I returned his e-mail , I sent the message to a close girlfriend with a blurb about what an idiot I thought he was and that dating him was a bad idea because he had no understanding of social cues . " She thought she sent the "  he 's an idiot " e-mail only to her girlfriend . To her horror , Comer says , the spurned beau replied a few minutes later , calling her some not-so-sweet names and suggesting that she "  share THIS e-mail with your friends . " "  I was speechless , " says Comer , who chose to not respond . "  But eventually I was able to laugh at it . " When errant e-mails are sent at work , however , there 's often much more at stake than personal embarrassment . Three years ago , Jamie Diamond , 33 , e-mailed his then-boss to ask about a client at the public relations firm where he was working . His boss wrote back , criticizing the client as incompetent and urging Diamond to "  go around him if you want to get anything done . " Unfortunately , Diamond says , she also sent the e-mail to the client -- oops , make that ex-client . "  One click , and suddenly we 'd lost a $ 5 million account , " says Diamond , who is now self-employed as a publicist in Williams , Oregon . Can you turn back time ? Short of erasing someone 's memory , there is no surefire way to retrieve a missent e-mail . Microsoft Outlook has a "  recall " function that can erase unread e-mails from the in-box of the recipient -- as long as the recipient is using the same mail client or server as the sender -- as does AOL , but only for messages between AOL users .  Both AOL and CNN are divisions of Time Warner . Then there 's BigString.com , an e-mail service which lets you tinker with  or even erase  messages that have already been sent by having the sender write e-mails that are created , stored and viewed on a remote server , where they can be edited or revoked at any time ; recipients are actually accessing the e-mail on the remote server when they read the message , even though it looks like a regular e-mail . But old-fashioned vigilance is probably the best way to avert these snafus in the first place . Roger Matus , CEO of e-mail archiving company InBoxer Inc. and keeper of the blog Death By Email , believes the easiest way to avoid these mistakes is to forget that the "  reply all " button even exists . "  Simply put , there is rarely a real reason to use it , " he says . "  Often , when you hit it , you end up e-mailing people who were blind carbon copied without realizing . " Matus offers the following tips on avoiding e-mail embarrassment : • Type out the person 's full name when addressing your e-mail . If you type just the first few letters and let your e-mail program fill out the rest based on your address book , it could easily misroute your message without your realizing it . • Double-check the addresses of your intended recipients before you hit "  send . " Do you really want all the people to get this particular message ? • Be sure to notify your company 's legal department if there is any chance that governance , compliance or privacy regulations were violated as a result of something you sent by mistake . • Immediately notify the person who received the e-mail that it was a mistake and , if possible , ask them not to read the message -- or at least to delete it right away . LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to Web publishers . Anna Jane Grossman is a freelance writer in New York City .	Author shares embarrassing stories of e-mail sent to wrong person "  One click , and suddenly we 'd lost a $ 5 million account , " says publicist Service called BigString.com lets e-mailers tinker with or erase messages Expert 's advice : Type recipient 's full name and never use reply-all
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Academy Award winner Nicolas Cage has pretty much got this acting thing down . After all , he started acting at the age of 15 and , well , he 's got that Oscar . Nicolas Cage says that Academy Awards are "  not as important as children and making them happy . " So he does n't really need to deliver another gut-wrenching performance to demonstrate his chops . In fact , he can deviate from a traditional film and venture into animated territory . He 's voiced animated characters in the past , but in Disney 's new 3-D tale "  G-Force , " Cage lends his voice to a mole . Speckles the star-nosed mole comes to life thanks to the film 's impressive digital animation and Cage 's voice . At first it 's unclear that Cage is the voice behind Speckles , because he changes his sound for the critter , er , character . CNN talked to Cage about playing a mole , animated films and his taking walks in the forest . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : What do you play in this film ? Nicolas Cage : I 'm playing Speckles , the mole , and he 's an outsider . He 's an iconoclast -- he does n't fit in . He does n't get into the fray with the "  G-Force , " the other guinea pigs . But his IQ is off the charts , and he 's a technological wizard . CNN : So , you 're an Academy Award-winning actor , and you decided to play  this role  . How did this come about ? Cage : To me , nothing 's more sacred than the magical world of children , and with everything that 's going on in the world , it gets increasingly more challenging to keep our kids smiling -- people are losing their jobs , families are tense . So anything I can do to give families something to look forward to and to put a smile back on children 's faces -- I 'm gon na do . Disney has a great tradition of enchanting children and giving them something to behold . I mean , you mention Academy Awards -- I mean , that 's not as important as children and making them happy . CNN : Tell me about your voice : Why did you decide to really change it when you read the script ? Cage : Mel Blanc is a hero because of what he could do with his voice for all the Looney Tunes , the Warner Brothers cartoons , to be the voice of Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck , Elmer Fudd , Porky Pig . To me , he 's a great actor . I mean , one of the great character actors , and I knew that if I was gon na be in this movie , I 'd want to do something like that and transform my voice . CNN : So you 're clearly comfortable playing a mole ? Cage : I 'm comfortable with the mole , yeah . I mean , yeah , he 's different , he 's got issues , you know ? I do n't want a perfect character , I want a character who has , as strange as it sounds , some humanity , some flaws , some needs . But to be fair , I 'm not in a lot of this movie . This is Darwin 's movie , um Sam Rockwell and Penelope Cruz 's movie -- they 're the stars . I 'm only in it at the beginning and the end . CNN : You seem to be a big fan of animated films . Cage : I do enjoy animated movies . I really love anime and movies like "  Spirited Away " and "  Howl 's Moving Castle . " I like movies where you feel like you 're going into another world , and no matter how many times you watch it , you 're gon na see something new in that world . That level of detail really inspires me . CNN : Is there less pressure doing an animated film and lending your voice to a character as opposed to a traditional film ? Cage : Well , you do n't have the pressure of the camera . And that 's -- that 's very liberating . And you do n't have the pressure of other actors trying to remember their dialogue or not being in rhythm with you . The challenge though is , these movies take years to make , and I may not be in the same state of mind I was in a year ago or two years ago , and then they tend to pull you out of wherever you are and put you back in a box , and then try to get the voice out of you again , so that 's the rub . CNN : Have you gotten pretty good at honing your skills when it comes to choosing roles , or is it always a risk ? Cage : I mean it is always a gamble . You never know what 's gon na happen with a movie . But I think it 's more of a matter of , am I doing something that I believe in on any level ? Like , am I going to entertain children , or am I going to make a movie that I can stand by because it means well on some level ? That 's becoming more and more a part of the criteria . CNN : How do you think you 've changed as an actor throughout your career ? Cage : I think I 've become more relaxed . I do n't feel the need to jump up and down and make a big noise to get people to pay attention to me . I do n't need to um , you know , do punk rock gestures or eat a cockroach or do something weird to say I exist . I feel like I 'm hearing a different kind of sound now . It 's a much more subtle sound , but it 's still a truthful sound , that I can express myself in , in roles that are much more relaxed and seasoned as opposed to boisterous and rock and roll . CNN : What 's inspiring to you , in every day . Cage : Well , I find children inspiring . The way they look at the world . The magical world they live in , to me , is inspiring . I like -- I mean , I 'm afraid I 'm gon na answer your questions and sound like a complete nature addict here , but uh , I like nature , I enjoy going for walks , I like the ocean , I like the forest . CNN : Is that what you do when you 're not working , that 's important to you in your life ? Cage : Yes . Yes , I like to go for walks in the forest .	Nicolas Cage voices character of Speckles the mole in "  G-Force " Disney 's "  G-Force " opens in U.S. theaters on Friday , July 24 "  I like movies where you feel like you 're going into another world , " Cage says
EW.com  -- There is a reason that Lois Lowry 's 1993 book won the prestigious Newbery Medal and inspired millions of readers -- as well as other dystopian YA best-sellers like The Hunger Games : It features children asking important questions and challenging draconian authority . But there also might be a good reason that the novel -- which imagines a  literally  colorless , thought-controlled society that has banished memory of the past -- took so long to finally come to the screen . Brenton Thwaites  Maleficent 's Prince Phillip  plays Jonas , a young man who sees flickers of color in the dreary Brave New World of sameness around him . Because of his gift , he 's chosen to be the next Receiver of Memories , the one person who bears all the pain -- and pleasure -- of humanity 's past so that the government 's status quo can be preserved . Unfortunately , his apprenticeship under the outgoing Receiver , a.k.a. , the Giver  Jeff Bridges  , is built upon cerebral gobbledygook that the screenplay and director Phillip Noyce never quite find a way to package visually . Instead , we get flashes of life 's beauty and man 's cruelty , and when desperate , more and more underlined dialogue about the power of human emotions and the shackles of sameness . Bridges , who spent nearly 20 years trying to bring the novel to the screen , seems trapped playing the passive seer , and Meryl Streep 's villainous turn as the Jane Campion-haired Chief Elder will test the blind devotion of Golden Globe voters . In the end , the film practically collapses under its own ... hmm , what 's the opposite of ` weight ' ? In any case , it falls apart with a slapdash final act that does n't work as drama or action and only serves to undermine Jonas 's heroics . It 's treated as a quest so non-Herculean that you wonder why the Giver did n't do the job himself years ago . Maybe he just lost interest too . EW Grade : C - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film is based on the 1993 book Jeff Bridges fought to bring it to the screen EW gives it a C -
London , England  CNN  -- The portrayal of alien life on far-flung planets has been a favorite storyline for filmmakers down the years and is a perennial hit with audiences . "  Avatar " has proved no different with the film doing record business at the box-office . Director James Cameron 's latest offering has once again renewed speculation that a real-life alien moon "  Pandora " could be found . Scientists all over the world are constantly gazing skywards looking for life in the distance reaches of the universe and powerful telescopes like Hubble and NASA 's recently launched Kepler telescope are casting light into new previously undiscovered corners of the universe . Colin Stuart , an astronomer at the world famous Greenwich Observatory in London told CNN : "  With cutting edge technology now , we can start to look at the composition of the atmosphere of those planets . The tell-tale signs are oxygen and methane . " If you find those two gases , you could find life . And with the latest technology astronomers expect to transform our knowledge of the solar system and hopefully confirm once and for all the existence of alien life . Launched in 2009 NASA 's Kepler mission is already showing the potential to detect Earth-sized objects . On Monday NASA announced that the Kepler telescope had discovered five exoplanets  planets beyond our solar system  . Lisa Kaltenegger , an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Centre for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Massachusetts , thinks that there is every chance a real-life Pandora already exists and is just waiting to be discovered . "  Alien moons orbiting gas giant planets may be more likely to be habitable than tidally locked Earth-sized planets or super-Earths , " Kaltenegger said in a Harvard Smithsonian press release last month . "  We should certainly keep them in mind as we work toward the ultimate goal of finding alien life . " When NASA launches the James Webb Space Telescope in 2014 , Kalteneggar believes that if Earth-sized objects are found the telescope will be able to study their atmospheres and detect key gases like carbon dioxide , oxygen , and water vapor . "  If Pandora existed , we potentially could detect it and study its atmosphere in the next decade , " she said .	James Cameron film "  Avatar " sparks renewed interest in real-life aliens being discovered New cutting edge technology is allowing astronomers to look deeper and deeper into space U.S. astronomer Lisa Kaltenegger believes there is every chance of alien moons existing
Cringe and propitiate : that 's the Obama administration 's response to the hucksters who have seized on a dopey YouTube trailer to enflame crowds across the Islamic world . Administration officials have deplored and condemned the video , sometimes remembering to add a mention of the right of free speech  as incumbent Secretary of State Hillary Clinton did  and sometimes omitting it  see for example , Sunday 's performance by U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. and potential future Secretary of State Susan Rice on ABC 's "  This Week "  . Blaming the video is convenient for the Obama administration . Blaming the video obviates questions about inadequate security at the Benghazi consulate . Even better , from the administration 's point of view , the more we talk about the video , the less we talk about whether the administration made the right choices in its Libyan and Egyptian policies . Opinion : Arab Spring nations do n't yet grasp freedom of dissent But blaming the video also imposes some ugly costs . Self-selected Muslim leaders exploit incidents like this to pose demands that threaten human freedom in the Middle East and around the world . Even under the prior secular regime of Hosni Mubarak , Egypt regularly used blasphemy laws to persecute religious minorities and independent thinkers . That country 's new Muslim Brotherhood government has already shown itself even more aggressively intolerant of dissenting speech , suppressing newspapers that print criticism of President Mohamed Morsy . Pakistan 's record is even worse , with courts pronouncing death sentences on supposed blasphemers , most recently a mentally impaired Christian girl accused of burning pages of the Quran .  She was released on bail Friday after it was established that her accuser , a local imam , had faked his evidence . Western countries , too , are targeted by demands for the regulation of speech deemed objectionable by certain Muslims . From "  The Satanic Verses " uproar of 1989 , through the Danish cartoon incident of 2006 , to this latest video , European and American governments and media institutions have compromised their most cherished values to appease angry mobs . Clear-eyed observers will notice that these periodic uproars are rarely , if ever , spontaneous . They are almost always contrived by political actors for political purposes . Ayatollah Khomeini 's issuance of a fatwa against Salman Rushdie helped distract attention from the bitter decision to end the war with Iraq with a compromise peace he could have had six years earlier , sparing hundreds of thousands of Iranian lives . The Danish cartoon incident was the work of freelance European imams , hoping -- like Al Sharpton in the Tawana Brawley case -- to promote themselves through a manufactured controversy .  The most provocative of the Danish cartoons were apparently fakes .  And this latest video uproar has been used by the Muslim Brotherhood government of Egypt to rally support against the last of the old leaders of the Egyptian army and security services . Opportunistic leaders use these incidents in this way for one reason : They work . They gain results at low to nonexistent cost . And unfortunately international institutions have lent legitimacy to these outrages . Opinion : Should Google censor an anti-Islam video ? Again and again over the past dozen years , the human rights bodies of the United Nations have adopted resolutions to condemn "  defamation of religion " as a violation of human rights . The first of these resolutions , introduced in 1999 by Pakistan , specified the "  defamation of Islam . " More generic language was substituted , but everybody understands that only one religion is meant . These resolutions are in no way legally binding on anybody . Yet they are very far from harmless . They allow persecution-minded governments and clerics to tell their citizens and adherents that they are not attacking human rights when they pronounce death in the name of religion . Oh no : they are upholding human rights . The violence threatened against those who say things that displease some mullah has distorting effects on Western societies too -- and not just on low-life provocateurs such as the so-called "  Sam Bacile . " This month , Britain 's Channel 4 broadcast a new documentary on the historical origins of Islam , written and narrated by the distinguished classicist Tom Holland and based on Holland 's previous book on the subject . Holland 's book and documentary presented in accessible form the fruits of recent scholarship , widely accepted by leading academic authorities . That research points to Islam originating in Syria , not Arabia ; points to parts of the Quran being translated from other languages , especially Aramaic ; and points to the probability that Islam coalesced as a religion after the conquest of Mesopotamia and Persia rather than beforehand . As I mentioned , these are not new insights , but to date they have been published mostly by academics in books written for academics . When this knowledge was made available to the broader public , however , it generated more than 1,000 complaints to British TV licensing authorities and death threats against Holland . Last week , a scheduled public screening of the documentary was canceled because of security concerns . By threat of violence , Western intellectual life is policed and corrupted . The YouTube video "  Innocence of Muslims " is no monument to either art or scholarship . It 's a shabby piece of hack work . But it is as protected by the right to speak as the work of Rushdie or Holland -- because if it is not , their rights will be truncated too , as indeed they have been . The Obama administration 's response to date to the video incident has been depressing and shameful . It 's not too late to change course . Opinion : Extremists and leaders incite violent protests President Barack Obama delivers his annual address to the United Nations on September 25 . Let him take time in that speech to refute and repudiate blasphemy laws . Let him say that he upholds and vindicates free speech as an American right and that he respects and endorses free speech as a universal human right . Let him say that Americans will be protected in their speech rights against threats of violence from anyone , anywhere . Let him say that if freedom of speech means anything , it means first and foremost the right to criticize orthodoxy , political or religious . Let him say that freedom of speech includes the right to mock , to be rude , to be stupid and to be wrong -- because we know that speech that is stupid and wrong will be rebutted , refuted and mocked in its turn . Not everyone shares the American regard for free speech . That 's their lookout . But the leaders of the United States will not be bullied into compromising their most cherished values -- and their most solemn constitutional obligations -- by inciters of mobs , by would-be dictators and by overweening street preachers . Let him say that , too . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	David Frum : Obama team has focused response on blaming the offensive video He says it enables White House to avoid questions about security and foreign policy Frum says Obama and aides should be forthrightly defending freedom of speech President should use his U.N. General Assembly speech to take a strong stance , Frum says
Options for meat substitutes have come a long way since Seth Tibbott 's first few Thanksgivings as vegetarian in the 1970s . Vegetable side dishes and salads were nice but they did n't seem as festive as a turkey , the traditional Thanksgiving centerpiece . The Oregon man tried all kinds of experiments , from a stuffed pumpkin to a gluten roast that took all day to make but was "  unsliceable and indigestible . " After becoming a professional "  soycrafter " in 1980 , Tibbott noticed that sales seemed to slow around Thanksgiving and Christmas "  as people lost their vegetarian ways and guiltily ate traditional fare like turkey , " he said . Aside from tofu , which was primarily only sold in Asian markets , the only commercially available meat alternatives were made by Seventh Day Adventist companies , and many of these products were canned . "  I subsisted on a diet of homemade items like pressure-cooked soybeans and tortillas , soy grit burgers , bread and granola , " he told CNN . Over the years , fake meat -- or what some call plant-based meat -- grew to include burgers , hot dogs and ground beef . But poultry was still a relatively untapped niche , especially when it came to holiday centerpieces . With the help of Portland sandwich maker Hans Wrobel , Tibbott came up with the first Tofurky Roasts in 1995 and sold them in the Pacific Northwest . Since then , Tofurky has become a punchline on shows like Jay Leno and "  The X-Files . " In homes across the country , families have begrudgingly ceded space on the table to vegetarian relatives . Seattle 's mayor pardoned a Tofurkey named Braeburn this year to kick off a food drive . Tibbott is laughing all the way to the bank as his fake turkey product enters its 20th season this Thanksgiving . The company says that more than 3.4 million Tofurky Roasts have been sold since 1995 , and several competitors have emerged , creating more tasty bird-free roast options than ever for the holidays . Do n't fear the vegan at your Thanksgiving table With its torpedo shape and spongy , loaf-like consistency , the Tofurky and its competitors are a far gobble from a real bird . But add some stuffing and gravy and many agree you have an equally worthy Thanksgiving centerpiece . "  It 's that traditional centerpiece , that protein source , that acts as the main dish , " said Bianca Phillips , food blogger at Vegan Crunk and author of "  Cookin ' Crunk : Eatin ' Vegan in the Dirty South . " "  A roast brings that taste and texture of turkey that we associate with Thanksgiving . " Flavor without the ` questions ' To eat meat substitutions or not is a perennial topic of debate among vegetarians and vegans , especially as mainstream demand for meatless options grows . Some meat substitutes contain processed ingredients , additives and preservatives , adding up to a fake hot dog that 's not much healthier than a real hot dog . Then there 's the question of whether they defeat the point of avoiding meat . Does it send mixed messages about what vegetarians and vegans want ? Are n't there enough delicious whole vegetarian foods without having to resort to meat substitutions ? On some level , plant-based meat defends the point of a meatless lifestyle , says vegan blogger and cookbook author Kathy Patalsky . Thanks to culinary progress , some meatless options are much more than soy protein , water and flavoring . Gardein , another popular maker of meat alternatives , uses wheat and pea proteins as well as ancient grains that include quinoa and kamut , Patalsky said in a 2010 blog post . And , while some plant-based meats resemble and taste like the products they impersonate , they do it without the saturated fat , hormones , preservatives , antibiotics or the cruelty , she said . "  I did n't stop eating meat because of the taste . I stopped because of the questions . " Fake meat can be especially helpful for people in the early stages of transitioning away from meat -- especially during the holidays . Seeking the ` taste and texture of turkey ' Phillips also stopped eating meat because of ethical questions . She went vegetarian the day after Thanksgiving in 1994 , and then ten years later , in 2004 , she went vegan , the day after Thanksgiving . Coming from the South , it was not easy , she said . "  I loved the taste and texture of meat , but as soon as I understood where meat came from , I could no longer stomach it . Yet I still longed for the taste and texture . And I found the answer in plant meats , " she said . "  Thankfully , they 've improved a great deal since I first switched to plant meats 20 years ago . So many vegan companies now make plant meats with very high-quality ingredients , resulting in a minimally processed product that 's actually nutritious . " She points to ingredients in the Gardein turkey substitute she 's eating this season : "  Water , soy protein isolate , vital wheat gluten , expeller pressed canola oil , organic ancient grain flour  kamut , amaranth , millet , quinoa  , natural flavors  from plant sources  , modified vegetable gum , yeast extract , potato starch , sea salt , organic cane sugar , onion powder , garlic powder , pea protein , carrot fiber , beetroot fiber , extractives of paprika and turmeric . " She knows plenty of vegans who 'd prefer a stuffed butternut squash centerpiece . To her , it sounds like a delicious side dish . It may not be as healthy as a whole foods-based centerpiece , but come on -- it 's Thanksgiving ! "  We 're supposed to gorge and let go of any food rules , " she said . "  It 's a holiday , and we 're celebrating ! "	Tofurky celebrates 20 years on vegetarians ' tables this year Vegetarians say fake meat options have increased in quality over the years Roast brings "  taste and texture of turkey that we associate with Thanksgiving , " blogger says
CNN  -- Bayern Munich 's hopes of taking a record lead into the Bundesliga 's winter break were dented by a 1-1 draw at home to Borussia Monchengladbach on Friday . The result left Jupp Heynckes ' team 12 points clear at the top after 17 rounds , but second-placed Bayer Leverkusen can reduce that to nine by winning at home to Hamburg on Saturday . Borussia Dortmund set the record of a 10-point halfway lead in 2010 , but the third-placed defending champions can only close the gap to 11 by winning at Hoffenheim on Sunday . Bayern , who won a record opening eight matches of this season , had hoped to put on a show to match the planned post-game "  thank you " party for the 71,000 fans at the Allianz Arena , but Gladbach killed the mood by taking the lead in the 21st minute . Thorben Marx fired home from the penalty spot after Bayern defender Jerome Boateng handled a cross by Tolgar Cigerci in the visitors ' first real attack of the match . Bayern drop points in Dortmund draw "  I do n't know how the referee could class that as a penalty , " Boateng told reporters . "  I seriously do n't think it was justified . I think we deserved to win . " Bayern lost $ 52 million August signing Javi Martinez to injury before halftime , but it was the Spanish midfielder 's replacement Xherdan Shaqiri who netted the equalizer . Heynckes -- who was born in Monchengladbach and also played for and managed the club -- also brought on last season 's top scorer Mario Gomez for his early-season replacement Mario Mandzukic just 11 minutes after the break . Germany striker Gomez , who missed three months with injury , helped make space for Shaqiri -- who took advantage of a slip by Marx to fire in a left-foot shot at the near post just before an hour 's play . It was the 21-year-old Switzerland international 's first Bundesliga goal since signing from Basel in preseason , though he had netted in the Champions League earlier this month and in the German Cup in August . Gladbach held on to move up to sixth place as Bayern dropped points for just the fourth time this season , having lost only once . Bayern will begin the four-week winter break following Tuesday 's German Cup last-16 trip to Bundesliga strugglers Augsburg on Tuesday . The match may be a further test for Mandzukic , who scored nine league goals before Gomez returned from ankle surgery in mid-November -- but none since . Gomez , who matched the Croatia forward 's three goals at Euro 2012 , has netted three times in seven appearances since his return .	Bayern Munich fans denied winning celebration ahead of Bundesliga winter break Home side has to come from behind to earn 1-1 draw with Monchengladbach Result means Bayern must wait for Saturday 's results to set new halfway record Victory for Bayer Leverkusen will stop leaders breaking Dortmund 's 10-point milestone
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- They arrived at the church with only what they could carry : clothes , pictures and a few family heirlooms . It 's all that is left of a life before the Islamic State terror group swept into northern Iraq , giving the Christians of Qaraqosh and Mosul an ultimatum : Convert , leave or die . Most , like Ammar Zaki and his family , fled first to the relative safety of Iraq 's Kurdish capital of Irbil and then made their way to Amman , Jordan , where they found sanctuary in a church . Roughly 100 Iraqi Christians are being sheltered at St. Mary 's Church in the Marka neighborhood of Amman . Their sanctuary offers little more than floor mats and a roof , but it 's a welcome haven after fleeing ISIS persecution . "  Jesus Christ told people , ` leave everything and follow me , ' " Zaki said , cradling his 9-month-old daughter , Athena . "  So we did . " The stress and strain of the journey show in Zaki 's tired eyes . "  We had to leave everything and go ... to be Christian , to stay in my religion , " he said . Safe haven Jordan 's capital of Amman has become a magnet for many refugees in recent years trying to escape war or persecution . More than 1 million Syrians fleeing a civil war have poured into the tiny desert kingdom , and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis -- many of them Christian -- have sought haven from the sectarian fighting and later ISIS . The country 's population has swelled , with the U.N. Refugee Agency estimating more than 645,000 refugees have made their way to Amman , according to 2014 figures . That number does not include the refugee camps that have been set up near its border crossings with Syria and the West Bank , home to a large number of Palestinians . Families flee Mosul The influx of refugees has put a strain on the country , and nowhere is that more evident than at St. Mary 's Church , where about 500 refugees , including some Muslims , have walked through the doors , Father Khalil Jaar said . Many are children who arrived sick "  because of the trauma of the incidents they suffered in Iraq : fear , insecure , no food , " Jaar said . "  They left their homes in a few hours ... leaving everything behind them . It 's a very big shock . That 's why I do my best to help these people to overcome this situation and to  help them  look for a better life . " The church helps the refugees as much as it can , with charity from nonprofits , but mostly private donations . Some of the Christian refugees live in the church , on the floor . Others live in nearby apartments rented by the church until they are granted asylum , a process that can drag on for years . ISIS overtakes Iraq 's largest Christian city "  We do n't know how many days or months they stay with us ; that 's why I think any kind of help is welcome , " Jaar said . Jaar rests little these days , spending his time welcoming visitors , helping new arrivals and , sometimes , taking the children on excursions to help them forget . He does it all with a big , wide smile . Still , he knows it will be difficult for the refugees , who after months on the move need rest and time to apply for visas to relocate to Europe , the United States or Australia . "  I learned so much from them , their patience and solidarity . I am very happy to be with them , to be serving these people , " he says , just minutes before he comforts a woman -- a refugee -- in tears over the frustrating process of applying for asylum . "  When someone knocks on my door , I can not say no . I have to say yes and give any kind of help , " Jaar said . "  My church , my school , my heart is open for every single one who comes to ask for help , " he said . Christian faith The Iraqi families at the church have built their own small community , with the women take turns cooking and children sharing toys . Zaki lives with his wife and two children in a room crowded with at least three other families . Their suitcases are piled along the entrance , and their laundry hangs from the windows . Zaki 's children , Athena and toddler Ethan , may never see Iraq again -- a price their father says he is willing to pay to keep his faith . Before the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 , Iraq 's Christian population was estimated at more than 1 million . By the time the war was over , it dwindled to less than a third of that . Christians flee Iraq ahead of ISIS Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , and its surrounds were home to an estimated 60,000 Christians prior to ISIS sweeping in . Since ISIS fighters took control of the city , all have left , according to Caritas International , a nonprofit aid group working to resettle refugees . "  Maybe in two years or three years , you will not see any Christians in Iraq . All of them they will leave , " Zaki said . Picking up the pieces There is nothing to go back to , says Nadira Haddou , a 57-year-old mother of five who fled Mosul . "  I do n't want to go back . They took our homes . They took our belongings . They took our belongings , " she said . "  I have nothing to go back to . I want to go to America . " The refugees all tell similar tales of the night of June 10 , when ISIS fighters seized control of Mosul . For Ann Danyal , there is life before ISIS and life after . "  It 's very hard to describe .  Life  changed 180 degrees . It felt like a dream . The first few days , we were wishing to sleep and wake up and it would all turn out to be a dream , " she said , shaking her head . With her 7-year-old daughter lying across her lap , Danyal recalled how she and her family worked for years to build their lives "  in the home of our ancestors " and then how it just ended . "  All of a sudden , they threaten you . They uprooted us , " she said , fighting back tears . Danyal 's daughter is struggling to cope , recalling the belongings she left behind in Mosul . " ` If only we 'd brought that pillow ' or ` if only we 'd brought that toy , ' " Danyal said her daughters tells her . "  I left without saying goodbye to my parents -- their graves . I still see them , " she said , her voice trailing off as she remembered . "  My childhood home ... I wake up and wish I could go back , " she said , looking at her hands , tears rolling down her cheeks . Long wait for peace Sitting on a plastic chair in his living room across the street from the church , sipping hot Turkish coffee under a poster of Pope Francis , 60-year-old Basem Peter Rafael takes a drag from his cigarette . He points to 1991 as the start of Iraq 's problems : the Persian Gulf War . Back then , he says , he named his son Salam -- Arabic for peace -- "  because we were waiting for peace . " "  Now he is 23 , and still we are waiting , " he said . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Samira Said reported and wrote from Amman , Jordan , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta .	About 100 Iraqi Christians are being sheltered at St. Mary 's Church in Amman , Jordan The refugees fled after ISIS seized Qaraqosh and Mosul in northern Iraq The Christians fled with only what they could carry U.N. Refugee Agency says more than 645,000 refugees , including Syrians , are in Amman
CNN  -- A Cirque du Soleil performer was in stable condition after falling from the "  Wheel of Death " during a Las Vegas performance Friday night , the acrobatic circus company said Saturday . The Montreal-based company did not identify the performer , but spokeswoman Ann Paladie said he is expected to be released from a hospital in the next few days . The performer slipped during a performance of "  Zarkana " at the Aria Resort and Casino , Paladie said . The "  Wheel of Death " is a large rotating apparatus with a ring about 8 feet in diameter at each end . Performers walk in , and even outside , the rings as the entire device rotates . On Tuesday , the Nevada Occupational Safety and Health Administration proposed fines of more than $ 25,000 for Cirque du Soleil for safety violations in the June 29 death of a performer Sarah Guillot-Guyard , who fell nearly 100 feet after a wire broke during a performance of the "  Ka " show at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas . The agency proposed fines of $ 7,000 for the casino . Both companies defended their safety procedures and said they would appeal the fines . Cirque du Soleil and MGM Grand cited in acrobat 's death plunge in Vegas CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	Performer reported in stable condition Acrobat slipped from revolving open wheel during Aria Resort performance In June , a Cirque du Soleil performer died in accident at MGM Grand
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The head of a humanitarian aid group and a few of his colleagues survived 50 hours beneath the rubble of a hotel , with the help of a few things he keeps in his bag for his two young children . "  We had one Tootsie Pop and we did share that , " said Rick Santos , president and CEO of IMA World Health . He also had a bit of gum . While the supplies helped , Santos said , "  I think we made it because we talked to each other , we helped each other , and we had this hope that we would be rescued at some point . " Two of his colleagues did not survive . Santos and five colleagues had been walking through the lobby of the Hotel Montana last Tuesday when he saw one of the chandeliers swing . "  And before it even made its way down , just everything crashed and collapsed on top of us , " he told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday . "  Immediately we were looking around talking to each other , trying to see if everyone was OK . Unfortunately two of my colleagues were pinned down by rubble and were injured . So we did what we could to help ease their pain at that moment . " Santos had some over-the-counter pain medicine and gave it to them . I 'm alive ! Messages from Haiti "  My biggest fear initially was that there was n't going to be enough air for the six of us , " he said . Then , when it became clear there was enough air , "  We started talking about what we need to do . And , you know , from the size of the earthquake , from what we heard and what we felt and how fast the building fell , we knew it was a big quake . " The next morning , they could hear sledgehammers pounding as rescuers were checking to see if there were survivors . The trapped group screamed and banged on the walls , and rescuers heard them . The rescuers asked how many there were ; Santos answered eight -- six in his group , and two other men trapped in an elevator shaft . "  They said , ` Are you well ? ' And we said , ` No , we 're hurt . ' And that was it . Then it really was n't until we were rescued , till 7 p.m. the next night , that actually somebody came . We heard nothing . In fact , the second night was really dark for us . I think we were just -- we were just shattered that nobody came back and said anything to us . " The group used their cell phones to illuminate the space . Santos said only one of his colleagues could move , and she looked for air spaces and light . "  Every time we might have heard a voice or something like a saw or something , we would scream and yell , but there was no response , " Santos said . Then , on Thursday , came a voice . "  We all started to scream and shout at the top of our lungs . And we heard a voice come back to us saying , you know , ` Hello , we 're here . We 're going to rescue you . ' " It took four hours to get the group out . Rescuers had to cut through layers of concrete , pull the trapped people out by their feet and squeeze them through a hole in the concrete only about 2 feet wide . "  I 'm just amazed that we actually survived , " said Santos . He added that he is grieving for his two colleagues who died . While Santos is relieved to be reunited with his family in the United States , his thoughts are with the people of Haiti . The whole time he and the others were down there , Santos said , "  As much as we were praying for ourselves , we were also praying for the people of Haiti and of Port-au-Prince . Because we knew how bad this was going to be , just from the way the building fell , and the aftershocks , which were just tremendous . " IMA World Health provides health care services and supplies in poor countries including Haiti . "  It 's going to take years , if not decades , to really , really help that country , " he said .	Rick Santos and 5 colleagues were pinned under rubble by Tuesday quake Wednesday morning , they heard searchers and talked to them , but then nothing Rescuers finally came back and got them out on Thursday night Two of Santos ' colleagues died in the debris of collapsed Hotel Montana
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's unmanned spacecraft Shenzhou-8 successfully docked with the lab module Tiangong-1 early Thursday , another milestone in Beijing 's plan to build a space station . Shenzhou-8 joined up with the 8.5-ton Tiangong-1 343 kilometers  213 miles  above Earth , according to Wu Ping , spokesperson with the China Manned Space Engineering Project . "  The equipment works well and all the in-orbit experiments are progressing well , " she said . President Hu Jintao , currently in Europe at the G-20 summit , praised the nation 's first space docking , according to Xinhua news agency . China 's space ambition soars "  Breakthroughs in and acquisition of space docking technologies are vital to the three-phase development strategy of our manned space program , " he said . Prime Minister Wen Jiabao watched the docking at Beijing 's Aerospace Control Center along with other top communist party officials , Xinhua said . Shenzhou-8 blasted off on November 1 from a launch facility in the Gobi Desert in northwest China -- one month after the first space laboratory module Tiangong-1 was launched into space . According to Wu , the two modules will fly together for 12 days before conducting another docking test . The docked spacecraft will then fly for two more days before separating from each other . Shenzhou-8 is scheduled to return to Earth on November 17 , while Tiangong-1 will remain in space to wait for the next docking test . "  Achieving the space rendezvous and docking is another historic technical breakthrough for China 's manned spacecraft project , " said Wu . China sent its first astronaut into space in 2003 , the first stage in a "  three-step " strategy to develop its manned engineering project . The launch of the Tiangong-1 lab module is the second step . If successful , it will be followed by the last phase : to build a permanent space lab that will allow astronauts to conduct long-term space experiments . According to Xinhua , Beijing hopes to build a space station by around 2020 . There will be two more docking tests with Tiangong-1 in 2012 , with at least one carrying astronauts , according to officials .	Shenzhou-8 joined up with the 8.5-ton Tiangong-1 343 kilometers above Earth The successful experiment is an important step in China 's plan to build a space station Shenzhou-8 scheduled to return to Earth on November 17 , with Tiangong-1 remains in orbit
CNN  -- Nurse Kaci Hickox and her boyfriend are planning to travel to southern Maine from Fort Kent , Maine , after her 21-day monitoring period ends this week . Hickox , who recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone , defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with state authorities . A judge eventually ruled in her favor , saying that local health officials failed to prove the need for a stricter order enforcing an Ebola quarantine and ordered Hickox to submit to "  direct active monitoring , " coordinate travel with public health officials and immediately notify health authorities should symptoms appear . Maine authorities had wanted Hickox to stay home for the remainder of a 21-day period -- the incubation time for the deadly virus -- following her return to the United States , although she has tested negative for the disease and has shown no symptoms . Hickox did not say exactly where she and her boyfriend , Ted Wilbur , were headed . She also did not indicate exactly when they would travel . Monday is the final day of her 21-day monitoring period . Hickox : ` The fight is not over ' "  We are going to southern Maine and will decide what 's next from there , " she told CNN on Sunday . They were only in Fort Kent because Wilbur was in school there , Hickox said . He has since withdrawn . Wilbur previously told reporters he was upset that his school would not allow him to return to classes for a period of time . A spokesman for the University of Maine system said officials were working to address Wilbur 's concerns and "  regret that he characterizes our efforts to accommodate him as being insufficient . " Opinion : How to avoid Ebola quarantines "  Officials at the University of Maine have put forth a tremendous amount of work to educate people about the threats of Ebola , but we still had concerns about safety and security and we were working with law enforcement and health officials and unfortunately we were n't able to accommodate Ted in a manner he was satisfied with , " said Dan Demeritt . Hickox first made news when she returned from a month working with Doctors Without Borders . Hickox had an elevated temperature at an airport in Newark , New Jersey , officials said . She was put into an isolation tent . She blasted New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for enforcing a new policy that required anyone showing symptoms of Ebola , including an elevated temperature , to be isolated . "  The biggest reason that I fought is because I , you know , felt so much fear and confusion , and I imagined what my fellow aid workers were going to feel if they came back to this same situation -- and the more I thought about the fact that these policies are being made by politicians , really not the experts in the field -- the more I felt like I had no choice but to fight back , " Hickox told CNN last week . How did nurse Amber Vinson get Ebola ? CNN 's Ted Winner and Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	Hickox recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients She defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with authorities It 's unclear exactly where she and her boyfriend will end up , when they 'll travel
CNN Student News  -- October 10 , 2013 CNN Student News goes global to start Thursday 's show , covering stories from Egypt , Syria and Brazil . Then , we discuss President Obama 's Federal Reserve chair nominee , who would be the first woman to lead the country 's central bank if she 's confirmed . Plus , we examine the possible ripple effects of the U.S. government hitting its debt ceiling . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might a reporter try to explain national economic concepts using household economics ? What might be the benefits and drawbacks of making such a connection ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . unrest 2 . demonstration 3 . default Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . The U.S. suspended some of the military aid it gives to what North African nation , due to unrest there ? 2 . Who is the current head of the Federal Reserve Bank ? Who has been nominated to replace him ? 3 . According to the report , what might be some of the consequences if the debt ceiling is n't raised and the U.S. defaults on its debt ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that Syria has cooperated with U.N. inspectors regarding that country 's chemical weapons ? What might be some of the challenges of verifying that a country 's chemical weapons are destroyed ? 2 . What factors might turn a peaceful demonstration into a violent protest ? In your view , does the nature of a protest  i.e. violent or nonviolent  affect how the public views an issue ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? 3 . What do you think might be some of the challenges of understanding the role of the Federal Reserve ? What questions might the U.S. Senate ask President Obama 's nominee for Federal Reserve chair ? On what criteria might senators base their decision on whether to confirm her ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa Egypt South America Brazil Asia Syria FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- The residents of Colorado and Washington state have voted to legalize the recreational use of marijuana , and all hell is about to break loose -- at least ideologically . The problem is that pot is still very much illegal under federal law , and the Obama administration must decide whether to enforce federal law in a state that has rejected the substance of that law . What makes this development fascinating is that it brings into conflict two important strains of political thought in America : federalism and moralism . Federalists , who seek to limit the power of the federal government relative to the states and individuals , will urge a hands-off approach . Moralists , on the other hand , strongly believe in the maintenance of an established social order and will argue for continuing enforcement of federal narcotics laws . The new laws will pit those who want a small federal government that leaves businesses and individuals alone against those who want the government to actively enforce a traditional sense of public morality in areas such as narcotics , abortion and limitations on gay marriage . One aspect of this conundrum is the near-total overlap between federal and state narcotics laws . Simple possession of marijuana is made into a federal criminal case under 21 U.S.C. Section 844 , and federal law oddly categorizes marijuana as a Schedule I narcotic , along with heroin and mescaline -- even as cocaine and opium remain on the less-serious Schedule II . While federal law typically wo n't provide jurisdiction over a street robbery or even a murder , it does allow federal courts to imprison someone for carrying a small bag of marijuana , even when state law says otherwise . Opinion : The end of the war on marijuana Federal and state efforts to curb marijuana use through prosecution simply have n't worked . In 2010 , four out of five of the 1.64 million people arrested for drug violations were accused of possession , and half of those arrests were for carrying what were often very small amounts of marijuana . Those hundreds of thousands of drug cases corresponded with an increase in marijuana use . If federal policy were about problem-solving , Colorado would not pose a dilemma , because prosecuting marijuana cases has n't solved the problem of marijuana use . Federal drug policy , though , is very much driven by moralism rather than problem-solving . After all , we have spent billions of dollars -- about $ 20 billion to $ 25 billion a year during the past decade -- and incarcerated tens of thousands of people to punish drug possession and trafficking without ever successfully restricting the flow of marijuana or cocaine . If we think tough drug laws solve the problem of drug use , we are deluding ourselves . Rather , what sustains the effort is the bedrock belief that drugs are bad , and we must punish those who sell them or use them . Mass incarceration is justified by the belief that those we lock up simply deserve it . That sense of retributive morality does not stop at state borders . Federalism , though , demands that individual and state rights be honored above all but the most important federal imperatives . Should marijuana be legal ? Readers debate pot laws We are not a unitary state like many European nations , and part of the genius of the American experience is the delicate balance between federal and state powers desired by those wise men who crafted the mechanics of our government . The difference between federalism and the kind of moralism driving national narcotics policy is simply this : Federalism is a central principle built into the structure of our government through the Constitution . Abhorrence of marijuana use is not such a defining principle . To be true to our best values , federalism should win out . No doubt , the moralists will consider the regulations on marijuana "  too important " to bow to federalism concerns , but their sway is limited . Our recent elections show the moralists to be in decline , as those who fought limits on gay marriage won across the board at the same time that marijuana was legalized . As a federal prosecutor , I had the privilege of representing the United States and a role in employing the singular power of prosecutorial discretion . The Obama administration should employ that discretionary power in line with our oldest and best principles and step back from continuing marijuana prosecutions in Colorado and Washington . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Mark Osler .	Colorado and Washington legalized recreational use of pot but it 's illegal under federal law Mark Osler : Two ideologies clash over whether U.S. should override new state laws Osler : Federalists say state laws must rule ; moralists say we need national drug laws U.S. must honor states , he says ; federalism is in Constitution , pot opposition is not
CNN  -- A Canadian fugitive is in police custody , nabbed 14 years after and more than 1,600 miles from where authorities say he gunned down a man in cold blood . John Boulachanis , 37 , was arrested Thursday in Miami , according to a news release issued Saturday by the U.S. Marshals Service . According to a website run by Quebec 's provincial government , in August 1997 Boulachanis and an accomplice lured Robert Tanguay to a sandpit in the Rigaud region in the western part of the province between Montreal and Ottawa . There , Canadian authorities allege that Boulachanis used a .22 - caliber firearm and shot Tanguay several times in the head . The victim 's body was buried and was n't discovered until September 2001 . The accomplice was eventually arrested , but the primary suspect -- Boulachanis -- remained at large . He was spotted in New Jersey in 2009 , the U.S. Marshals Service said in its statement , citing the Surete du Quebec homicide squad . But he fled before he could be definitively identified and arrested . Last April , Canada 's Interpol branch requested fresh assistance from their American counterparts , based in Washington , for help in tracking down Boulachanis . Investigators determined a month later that he had eluded capture "  by assembling a complex labyrinth of intentional disinformation , telephone numbers , addresses , financial accounts and postal boxes in Canada and the United States , " according to the U.S. Marshals statement . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police notes on its website that the 5-foot-9 , 155-pound man assumed a host of aliases over the years , including John Athanassopoulos , John Smith , Konstaninos Georgakopolous , John Papas and John Russo . Besides first-degree murder , Boulachanis is accused in Canada of fraud , arson , narcotics trafficking , conspiracy and weapons-related offenses . He is also wanted in Franklin County , Virginia , on a felony fugitive warrant and on three counts of obtaining money under false pretenses . "  The arrest of Boulachanis shows that , no matter how far this fugitive ran , he could n't escape the coordinated , international effort to apprehend him , " said Geoff Shank , from the U.S. Marshals Service 's investigative division , in a statement .	John Boulachanis , 37 , was arrested in Miami , the U.S. Marshals Service says Canadian authorities say he shot a man in the head in August 1997 The hunt for him picked up this spring , two years after he was seen in New Jersey Besides murder , he is wanted on fraud , arson , conspiracy and drug trafficking charges
San Francisco , California  CNET  -- On Wednesday , Sony unveiled Move , its motion-sensitive controller . A small device that looks like a microphone -- but with something on top of it that looks like a ping pong ball with an LED inside -- Move is Sony 's bid to gain control over the motion controller wars that are currently led by Nintendo , with its Wii controller , and which many think will be dominated by Microsoft and its Project Natal controller system . To Sony , releasing the Move is an obvious move for the PlayStation , given it believes it started the motion controller era with its Eye Toy . Sony held its press conference during the Game Developers Conference here . Now , the Move , which will be available this fall in a starter kit that begins at under $ 100 for a Move , a PlayStation eye camera and a game , is its attempt to jump ahead of Microsoft 's Natal and to begin winning over Wii users . "  We like to think that the migration path between Wii households and PlayStation households is a natural path , " said Peter Dille , Sony 's senior vice president for marketing and PlayStation . Shuehei Yoshida , Sony 's president for worldwide studios , said Move will "  demonstrate that the motion controller for PS3 will be the solution for both casual and hard-core gamers alike " and that the types of games Sony can create with it are "  amazingly diverse . " Among the types of games Move will work with include those that involve swords , bows and arrows , guns , punching and much more . The idea is that Move will provide players with a realistic and precise feeling of holding whatever kind of thing the game calls for , be it a sword or a gun . Sony first talked about its new motion controller at E3 last year but did n't have a name or any kind of timing . Now , by unveiling the device 's name it can begin what Dille said will be the company 's biggest video game marketing effort of the year . While Sony is expecting consumers to use Move with a range of brand-new games , the company also clearly thinks that it will enhance game play in existing titles . As such , it showed off how Move can be used to move characters around in its hit title , Little Big Planet . Further , the controller comes with its own accessory , known as a sub-controller , which will accentuate what 's possible with Move . And later this year , the forthcoming game SOCOM 4 will incorporate both Move and the sub-controller . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Move is small device that looks like a microphone Starter kit begins at under $ 100 for a Move , a PlayStation eye camera and a game Sony president calls Move games "  amazingly diverse "
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Another strong earthquake rocked Indonesia early Thursday as the Southeast Asian nation was reeling from an earlier jolt that killed more than 200 people . A resident stands next to building that collapsed onto a car in Padang , Indonesia , on Wednesday . The 6.8 magnitude quake Thursday hit southern Sumatra at 8:52 a.m. local time  0152 GMT  , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . Wednesday 's earlier quake was 7.6 magnitude . At least 236 people are dead and more than 500 injured , the Indonesian Social Ministry 's Crisis Center said Thursday . It said it had little information on the missing and feared the death toll would climb into the thousands . The second quake was on a smaller scale than the first , said meteorology official Fauzi , who uses only one name . There were no damage reports yet . Indonesian Health Minister Siti Fadilah Supari expected "  the casualties and the damage of this earthquake to be bigger than the 2006 Yogyakarta earthquake , given the intensity and the spread of the damage . " The magnitude-6 .3 Yogyakarta quake in central Java in May 2006 killed more than 5,000 people , triggered fears of an eruption of a nearby volcano and caused significant damage to a 9th century Prambanan temple . Thousands may be trapped by collapsed buildings and houses , Rustam Pakaya , the head of the Health Ministry 's crisis center , told CNN on Wednesday . State-run Antara news agency cited Pakaya as saying he had received reports that part of a hospital had collapsed and that people were buried under the debris . The temblor struck around 5 p.m. , about 33 miles  53 kilometers  from Padang , the capital city of West Sumatra and home to more than 800,000 people . The quake caused widespread power and phone outages , making it difficult to assess damage . Aid agencies kicked into gear to help those in need . "  We had aid ready because this area of Indonesia is susceptible to this type of tragedy , " said Jane Cocking , humanitarian director for Oxfam . "  Communications with the quake-zone are difficult and we are hoping for the best but having to plan for the worst . " "  The situation is quite devastating , " said Amelia Merrick , the operations director for World Vision Indonesia . "  Bridges have gone down , phone lines are in total disrepair . It 's difficult for us to assess the situation , " she said . The organization had said it would send assessment teams to the area Thursday morning . "  We know there 's no electricity tonight ... many of the families will be spending the night outdoors , in pitch black . I 'm very afraid of what might happen next , " she said , referring to the possibility of aftershocks . Hundreds of houses have been damaged , Wayne Ulrich , the Red Cross disaster management coordinator in Indonesia , told CNN . "  We do not know the -LSB- exact -RSB- numbers . " "  We have concerns that a hospital has been partially damaged , a market has caught on fire , the airport was closed down for inspection because of the fear if they landed any planes , " it might cause problems , Ulrich said . Watch Ulrich discuss the rescue efforts " Access to the affected areas was obstructed in parts , he added . It 's "  blocked by all kinds of problems : frightened people out in the streets , cars , and people trying to get out of the city . " The earthquake was felt in nearby cities , such as Medan and Bengkulu , where people panicked and ran outside in search of higher ground , fearing a tsunami . But it was also felt as far away as Singapore and Malaysia . "  I did feel the tremor in office today somewhere between 5 - 6 p.m. , " said Ratna Osman , who works in a single-story office building in Petaling Jaya , just outside Malaysia 's capital Kuala Lumpur . "  I asked -LSB- a co-worker -RSB- if there 's an earthquake somewhere -- either that or I was hallucinating . " "  At first , I thought the chair I was sitting on had a screw loose or something , " Osman said . The region is accustomed to earthquakes , and locals have been taught to identify safe places in case of a tsunami , according to Sean Granville-Ross , the Mercy Corps country director for Indonesia . "  We hope that preparation is now paying off , " he said . But if many homes have been destroyed , people may be spending the night with no shelter , he said . Earlier this month , an earthquake in West Java killed 57 people . Several buildings were damaged , Metro TV reported , and people were seen running out of their homes and toward the hills . One employee of a private company in Jalan Ahmad Yani , told Antara news agency that "  everybody panicked with some shouting ` earthquake . ' " TVOne pictures from the scene showed people milling around outside in the city . Phone lines were apparently down in many parts of Padang . Indonesia 's Tempo Interactive , a media outlet based in Jakarta , had trouble reaching its correspondent in the West Sumatra city , according to journalist Purwani Diyah Prabandari . "  I hope it 's just the cell phone connection , " Prabandari told CNN . Indonesians trying to find out more about the quake flooded the Internet , including Twitter . Some expressed concern for relatives and friends in Padang . "  Dear God , please send down your angels to hug and protect my grandpa in Padang , " said one Twitter post . The Web site for one of Indonesia 's main newspapers , The Jakarta Globe , crashed for a while , partly as a result of the heavy traffic from people trying to find out about the quake , the paper said in a Twitter post . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  issued a tsunami watch for Indonesia , India , Thailand and Malaysia , but canceled it soon after . The temblor did generate a tsunami just under one foot high , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . On Tuesday , a magnitude 8.0 quake-triggered tsunami killed at least 111 people in the Samoan islands and Tonga . Read latest news on the Samoa quake and tsunami The tsunami waves swept across a wide swath of the Pacific Ocean , killing dozens and flattening or submerging villages . The dead included 22 in American Samoa , 82 in Samoa and seven in Tonga . Officials warned that the death toll could rise as rescue workers start to reach outlying villages and discover new casualties . The U.S. Geological Survey declined to say whether the two quakes were linked . "  The simple answer is we ca n't speculate on a connection , " Carrieann Bedwell of the USGS told CNN . "  Both are in highly seismic areas . " The epicenters of the two temblors are about 4,700 miles  7,600 km  apart . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	NEW : Aid agencies kick into gear to help those in need Second quake hits ; thousands feared trapped by collapsed buildings Death toll could climb into thousands Bridges down , phone lines in disrepair , says World Vision Indonesia
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It was an odd collection of vehicles on display on Capitol Hill , ranging from a bucket truck used for repairing power lines to something resembling an enclosed golf cart to a pair of hot-looking , two-seater sports cars . Lawmakers eyeball one of several alternative-energy vehicles parked this week on Capitol Hill . What they had in common was alternative energy : The cars run on electricity and biofuels as well as gasoline . Tuesday 's display attracted some U.S. senators who could n't resist taking the vehicles for a spin . "  I 'm about to have claustrophobia ! " laughed Sen. Thomas Carper , D-Delaware , as he folded himself into a yellow , low-slung vehicle known by the initials ENVI , developed by the Chrysler Corporation . "  Evan Bayh -LSB- Democratic senator from Indiana -RSB- and I were talking about taking a road trip in the van down there , " said Carper , pointing to a nearby offering from General Motors . "  That 's probably better for a road trip than this ! " Carper then spotted Democratic colleague Tom Harkin , and joked that the sports car might draw too much attention in the Iowa senator 's corn country . Undeterred , Harkin climbed in next and asked to take a test drive . But instead of starting with a growling engine and a roar of exhaust , the little yellow coupe simply rolled quietly out of its parking space . It is an electric vehicle . The display , titled "  The Energy and Environmental Showcase , " was intended to demonstrate for lawmakers actual production models of vehicles that may cut the nation 's reliance on petroleum-based fuels . An unusual aspect of the show was that traditional Detroit nameplates such as General Motors sat next to competitors from other countries . The event was organized by Bright Automotive , a small carmaker from Anderson , Indiana , to showcase its IDEA , a new , 100-mpg plug-in hybrid electric vehicle that it hopes to market for government and commercial fleets . In a statement , the company said it has applied for funding through the federal Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Loan Program . Other manufacturers took advantage of the opportunity to bring their own vehicles to the public display , in a parking lot near the Russell Senate Office Building . During the Bush administration , Japanese automakers complained they were n't invited to a similar demonstration near the Treasury Department , despite having brought their alternative-energy cars more swiftly to the U.S. market than the Detroit automakers . But neither the competition nor the threat of bankruptcy held back the enthusiasm of a General Motors product spokesman at Tuesday 's display . "  If anything , it 's just a little bit of noise in the background , " said Tony Posawatz , a GM vehicle line director . He told CNN the automaker places high on its recovery agenda the line of Volt electric cars expected to come to market by November 2010 . A silver GM sedan on display nearby uses electric batteries and a self-contained recharging engine powered by a variety of fuels . "  I would like people to stop talking mpg , " Posawatz said , leading a reporter toward a van powered by a hydrogen fuel cell . The Chevy Equinox on display is one of 100 now in private hands . Instead of miles per gallon , the energy plant supplies electricity and a calculation of cruising range while driving . For now , however , drivers might still be impressed by the ZENN , a little car claiming 280 miles per gallon . The car 's cruising range of about 40 miles translates to about 280 miles per gallon , according to the Canadian automaker . "  ZENN " stands for Zero Emission No Noise , said a worker who was buffing away some tree pollen that had settled on the car during the breezy afternoon . The car 's top speed is about that of a strong gust of wind -- 35 mph . "  It 's supposed to be your third car in the driveway , " explained ZENN spokesman Daniel Stiller . "  Most people drive less than 20 miles from home on streets with speed limits of 35 miles per hour or less . " He acknowledged that the car may qualify as street-legal only on local , low-speed roads . But Stiller said the ZENN is a dramatic improvement in both safety and driveability , compared with the golf carts often seen around retirement communities . Among the other alternative energy vehicles on display were cars from Mercedes-Benz , Toyota , Honda and the Smart car company . Another brand shown to lawmakers is named after Nikola Tesla , an inventor who helped develop the practical use of electricity a century ago . Tesla 's system of alternating current eventually displaced Thomas Edison 's use of direct current in the nation 's early power grid . The red , two-seater electric sports car on display might have been a good fit for Tesla , a lifelong bachelor . Carper , the Delaware senator , suggested the two sports cars were classic "  chick magnets . " Tesla spokesman Joe Powers told CNN his company now has about 400 of the sleek , aerodynamic cars in private hands . "  We 've created a viable car , and we came out with this model first to help draw attention to the Tesla brand , " he said . The California-based company also is developing a a sedan that will use the same advanced battery technology as the sports car , which costs about $ 109,000 . "  It will be the kind of car you can take on a trip , and carry four passengers and their luggage , " Powers said . It uses 7,000 lithium-ion cells of the same chemistry now powering cell phones and laptop computers . "  We are working on a battery exchange program that will cut the cost of these vehicles by about $ 35,000 , " Powers said , describing a leasing program where owners can swap a used-up battery back for a new one . Most of the vehicles on display qualify for a new $ 7,500 federal rebate intended to encourage car buyers to consider alternative-energy vehicles . Perhaps the vehicle that caused the most double-takes Tuesday was a bucket truck from the local electric utility company serving the Washington , D.C. , area . The Pepco vehicle , the kind seen repairing downed power lines , runs on biofuels that range from discarded cooking grease to soybean oil . The truck was apparently not for sale , and there were no representatives nearby to answer questions .	An eclectic assortment of alternative-energy vehicles hit Capitol Hill this week The display attracted U.S. senators who could n't resist taking the cars for a spin The event was organized by a carmaker from Indiana to showcase its plug-in hybrid Display included cars from GM , ZENN , Bright Automotive and Smart , among others
CNN  -- What 's it really like to be a new member of the world 's most powerful legislature ? Two new U.S. representatives are teaming up with CNN.com to report their "  Freshman Year " experience through videos and commentaries . Jason Chaffetz and Jared Polis are taking video cameras with them as they negotiate their way in the 111th Congress , both inside and outside Washington . They both won convincing victories in November in neighboring states , yet they are world 's apart . Utah 's Chaffetz is a conservative Republican married father of three who is sleeping on a cot in his congressional office to save money . Democrat Polis from Colorado is a former Internet entrepreneur who is one of the wealthiest members of Congress and the first openly gay male to be elected to the House of Representatives as a freshman . You can follow their stories regularly on CNN.com . Watch the action in Congress from the point of view of the Congressmen " Here are their biographies : • Jason Chaffetz Rep. Jason Chaffetz is a freshman Republican congressman representing the 3rd District of Utah . He was elected in November , winning two-thirds of the vote against a Democratic challenger . Chaffetz , 41 , got the Republican nomination in an upset victory over Rep. Chris Cannon . He ousted the six-term incumbent in a low-budget campaign in which he said Cannon was not conservative enough for the district , particularly in fighting illegal immigration . Chaffetz grew up in California , Arizona and Colorado and was recruited to Brigham Young University to be a placekicker by football coach LaVell Edwards . He set two school records as the starting placekicker and earned a degree in communications . After college , Chaffetz joined the local business community and worked as a spokesman for Nu Skin International . Chaffetz stayed at Nu Skin for nearly 11 years , as managing director of marketing and product development and general manager for Australia and New Zealand . Watch the reports from Week One " Chaffetz managed Jon Huntsman Jr. 's campaign for governor of Utah and after Huntsman took office in 2005 , he became his chief of staff . He has been married to Julie Johnson for 18 years and they have three children . • Jared Polis Rep. Jared Polis is a freshman Democratic congressman representing the 2nd District of Colorado . He was elected in November to the seat held by Mark Udall , who ran and won for U.S. Senate . Polis defeated his Republican opponent , gaining 62 percent of the vote . His campaign stressed environmental issues , education reform , withdrawing troops from Iraq and repealing Bush administration tax cuts for the highest-income earners . He is the first openly gay male to be elected to Congress as a freshman . Polis , 33 , was born in Boulder , Colorado , and grew up in Colorado and Southern California . He was a student at Princeton University when he co-founded a company providing Internet access and Web hosting . Growing up in his family 's Boulder-based greeting card and publishing business , Blue Mountain Arts , he succeeded his grandmother as sales manager in 1996 and helped start bluemountainarts.com , an online greeting card Web site . In 1998 , he launched ProFlowers.com , a Web company to sell flowers direct from growers to consumers ; its parent company was sold to Liberty Media Corporation in 2006 . Jared won statewide election in 2000 to the Colorado Board of Education and served for six years . He started a foundation and two charter schools to support improvements in education and received numerous awards for his philanthropic work . Immediately before running for Congress , Polis served as superintendent of New America School , a charter school he founded to help 16-21-year-old new immigrants learn English and gain a high school diploma .	Two freshman representatives document their experience for CNN Rep. Jared Polis is a Democrat representing Colorado 's Second district Rep. Jason Chaffetz is a Republican representing Utah 's Third district
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The Libyan government has denied rebel allegations that Moammar Gadhafi loyalists have been raping women , despite videos captured on cell phones that appear to show sexual abuse . The Gadhafi regime had initially not responded to CNN requests for comment on the abuse allegations but Libyan Prime Minister Al-Baghdadi Ali al-Mahmudi said Friday at a news conference that women are "  our sisters " and Libyan soldiers would not commit such heinous acts . "  This , like the other mercenaries lies , are false , " al-Mahmudi said . Rebel fighters said they have found videos of rape on cell phones confiscated from captured or killed Libyan soldiers . CNN obtained a copy of a cell phone video that appears to show a woman being sexually abused . The person who gave the video to CNN said it was on a cell phone that was confiscated from a Gadhafi loyalist . Rebels say cell phone videos show rape , torture It shows two men in civilian clothes standing over a naked woman who is bent over with her face on the floor . The man standing behind her is sodomizing her with what appears to be a broomstick . "  I ca n't bear it ! I ca n't bear it ! " the woman cries . "  Let 's push it farther , " a male voice says off-camera . "  No , no , that 's enough ! " the woman begs . Eventually , one of the men puts his sock-covered foot on her face . In Arab culture , that is considered a major insult . But in this case , it pales in comparison to what the victim is already enduring . Arabic speakers who listened to the video at CNN 's request said the voices have Tripoli accents . There is no date on the video and the men in it are not wearing military uniforms . CNN has been unable to verify the video 's authenticity , when it was shot , or by whom . The person who gave it to CNN asked not to be identified for fear of being punished by Libya 's conservative society . Al-Mahmudi said there was no proof that Libyan soldiers were behind the abuse . It said the perpetrators could belong to the armed gangs leading the rebellion against Gadhafi . An opposition spokesman , however , said the video illustrated a pattern of abuse by Libyan soldiers . "  We were able to confirm that rape was used as a weapon of war , because it was systematic , " rebel spokesman Abdullah al-Kabeir said . The rebels have many videos showing other types of torture , and a few depict rape , he said . He did not know exactly how many videos there were showing abuse . One of the most famous faces of Libya 's revolution , Eman al-Obeidy , dramatically claimed in March she had been gang-raped by pro-Gadhafi forces . She has since fled the country . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States was "  deeply concerned " over the reports of wide-scale rape in Libya and called for an investigation . "  Gadhafi 's security forces and other groups in the region are trying to divide the people by using violence against women and rape as tools of war , and the United States condemns this in the strongest possible terms , " she said . CNN 's Raja Razek , Amir Ahmed and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	The rebels in Libya accuse Gadhafi loyalists of raping women They say videos confiscated from soldiers show rapes and torture CNN obtained a cell phone video that appears to show the rape of a woman The Libyan prime minister denies the charges and accuses the rebels of lying
CNN  -- The Honduran government has declared a state of emergency after an increase in dengue cases . There are 13,828 cases in the Central American nation , according to data released by emergency officials on Tuesday . And so far this year , 16 people have died from the illness , the government said . Health Minister Salvador Pineda said more than 1,800 of the cases were serious , according to a government statement . Preventing and fighting dengue will cost the country more than $ 4.2 million , he said . Tuesday 's state of emergency declaration is scheduled to last until the end of the year . Dengue fever is passed from person to person by mosquitoes . Unlike malaria , there are no drugs to prevent it . It also is difficult to treat and thus far , attempts to develop a vaccine have been unsuccessful . Currently , the World Health Organization estimates that there are between 50 million and 100 million infections each year . But a recent study led by researchers at the University of Oxford in England estimates the number is far higher , with about 390 million dengue infections around the world each year . Dengue is most common in Asia and India , but more cases have been popping up in the Caribbean and Latin America in recent years . In mild cases , dengue fever causes a high fever , rash and joint and muscle pain . In extreme cases , it can cause death . According to the World Health Organization , about 12,000 people die of dengue fever each year . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Jennifer Bixler , Ana Melgar , Karen Smith and Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	Honduras says dengue cases are on the rise The government declares a state of emergency So far 16 people have died of dengue there this year
CNN  -- A multistate romaine lettuce recall because of fear of contamination with a potentially deadly bacteria has restaurants east of the Mississippi River scrambling to assure customers that their salad is safe . "  We have taken the extra precaution of contacting our lettuce supply chain partners to ensure that our product meets our usual high standard of quality , " New York-based franchise Just Salad said in an e-mail to its customers . "  We are happy to say that we have confirmed that this recall will have no effect on Just Salad 's romaine lettuce , " the e-mail said . On Thursday , Freshway Foods in Sidney , Ohio , announced a voluntary recall of products containing shredded romaine lettuce with a use-by date of May 12 or earlier because they may be contaminated with E. coli linked to outbreak of illness . Read about recall on CNN 's This Just in Yum ! Brands -- the largest restaurant company , and owner of popular fast food chains KFC , Pizza Hut , Taco Bell and Long John Silver 's -- said Freshway Foods is a not supplier to any of its brands . The romaine lettuce , sold under the Freshway and Imperial Sysco brands , was recalled in connection with an E. coli outbreak that has sickened at least 19 people in Michigan , Ohio and New York . Most E. coli strains are harmless , but some cause severe illness . Diarrhea , urinary tract infections , pneumonia and other respiratory illnesses are just some of the consequences of ingesting certain kinds of the bacteria . Blog : What you need to know about E. coli The lettuce under recall was sold to wholesalers and food service outlets in Alabama , Connecticut , the District of Columbia , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia , West Virginia and Wisconsin . Freshway Foods also advised consumers not to eat "  grab and go " salads sold at in-store salad bars and delis at Kroger , Giant Eagle , Ingles Markets and Marsh stores in 23 states and the District of Columbia . The Freshway recall does not affect bagged and prepackaged romaine lettuce mixes sold in the produce section . "  It is important to note that bulk and prepackaged romaine or bagged salad mixes containing romaine that were purchased in supermarkets are not included in this recall ; Freshway Foods does not produce these products , " Freshway said in a statement . Consumers with recall questions and concerns can contact Freshway Foods at 888-361-7106 or visit its website , www.freshwayfoods.com .	Just Salad sent e-mail to customers saying it confirmed safety Freshway Foods is voluntarily recalling lettuce possibly contaminated with E. coli E. coli outbreak has sickened 19 people in Michigan , Ohio and New York
Washington  CNN  -- Twelve persons were arrested Friday during an "  Occupy " demonstration at the U.S. Supreme Court in which protesters were dressed like justices and sang songs of the Motown group The Supremes , officials said . One person was arrested in the building and the other 11 were apprehended on the courthouse steps and plaza , court officials said . The "  Occupy " movement turned its focus on the nation 's highest court as more than 200 people gathered around the building . The event was timed with the two-year anniversary of the Supreme Court decision in the case of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , which removed many limits to corporate spending in federal political campaigns , organizers said . The 2010 ruling made it legal for groups to raise and spend unlimited amounts of money for a candidate , as long as the group does not coordinate with the candidate or contributed directly to his or her campaign . It allowed for the rise of Super PACs , which can raise unlimited funds from corporations . Protests were also expected at federal courthouses in dozens of cities across the country , from Akron , Ohio , to Gainesville , Florida , to Honolulu , Hawaii . The one-day event , dubbed "  Occupy the Courts , " was organized by the grassroots group called Move to Amend and was inspired by the Occupy Wall Street participants , organizers said . "  Move to Amend volunteers across the USA will lead the charge on the judiciary which created -- and continues to expand -- corporate personhood rights , " the Occupy the Courts website states . The Occupy Wall Street movement that began in New York in September has spread across major cities worldwide as a call to action against what protesters consider the unequal distribution of wealth . CNN 's Bill Mears , Stacey Samuel and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : One person is arrested inside courthouse and 11 others outside The event spotlights the two-year anniversary of a Supreme Court decision The decision allowed the rise of the Super PACs Protests were also expected at federal courthouses in other cities
CNN  -- The key to understanding the tragedy that was Jonestown lies in the oratory skills of the Peoples Temple founder , Jim Jones . "  He was very charismatic , " Leslie Wagner-Wilson , a Jonestown survivor , says of the Rev. Jim Jones . With the cadence and fervor of a Baptist preacher , the charm and folksiness of a country storyteller and the zeal and fury of a maniacal dictator , Jones exhorted his followers to a fever pitch , audiotapes recovered from Jonestown reveal . As he spoke , they applauded , shouted , cheered . One follower who survived the "  revolutionary suicide " at Jonestown on November 18 , 1978 , said that Jones was the most dynamic speaker he had ever heard . Like all powerful speakers , Jones ' greatest asset was his ability to determine what listeners wanted to hear and give it to them in simple language that appealed to them on an almost instinctual level . "  He was very charismatic , very charismatic , " said Leslie Wilson , who survived that fateful day in Jonestown by walking away from the settlement before the cyanide that killed more than 900 Peoples Temple members was distributed . She was one of 33 people who began the day in Jonestown and lived to tell the tale . "  He could quote scripture and turn around and preach socialism , " she said . "  He appealed to anyone on any level at any time . " Hear Jones declare "  I am God " " Many of his followers were elderly African-Americans drawn to his cause by his soulful delivery and Pentecostal preaching style , including at times speaking in tongues . That hair-raising fervor was perhaps only overshadowed by what he said . "  When I say , I am God , then I feel -LSB- faith -RSB- well up within my soul . And I see it well up in you , and I see the sick healed , and the blind see , and the dead raised . ... You wan na know how I feel , I never feel so good as when I say I am God , " he shouted in a full-throated roar in a 1972 sermon . Jones further enraptured crowds with faith healings -- laying hands on disabled or sick people who would miraculously be cured of any ailments . Though insiders later revealed that these healings were staged , Jones ' mastery of word and presentation left few in attendance with any doubts about his abilities . He also indoctrinated many young , idealistic liberal white people in progressive 1970s California with the themes of socialism , equality and political activism . And he justified his brand of socialism with the Bible for those recruited from more conservative religious factions , who might have found such left-wing ideas tough to swallow . "  The only ethic by which we can lift mankind today is some form of socialism , " he said in another 1972 sermon . "  There 's a smattering of it in the , in the New Testament . It 's very evidently clear on the day of Pentecost that they that believed were together and had all things common . " Socialism , he said , is "  older than the Bible by far . " But by the time Jones and many of his followers completed a lengthy relocation from California to Jonestown in Guyana in 1977 , he had begun to change as a speaker . His trademark passionate delivery gave way to blind fury and incredible rage . Listen to the rage of Jim Jones " "  I been tired for 25 years , " the 47-year-old Jones preached in 1978 , his voice rising steadily in pitched anger . "  I 'm tired of looking at people 's faces that do n't give a f -- for 25 years , I watch and they do n't give a g ------ . You can lay it out in front of them , and they will not listen . They will not read . They will not do anything , and that 's why I have to suffer every day and all night and all through the hours , because I will have nobody but a few that will carry the burden with me . Because you hide yourself away in ignorance . " His rages created a fear that cemented the hold he had on his followers . He also used a "  divide and conquer " method among his followers . "  What Jones did was try to break all ties that were not to him , " said former believer Vernon Gosney . "  Transfer all that loyalty , all that bonding to him . And so families were broken apart . Relationships were divided . " Such divisions caused family members to spy and report on one another , or friends to turn in friends for various transgressions . Jones furthered the poisonous atmosphere among his followers by encouraging physical fighting to either solve problems or administer punishment . Audiotapes of such sessions reveal Jones laughing , apparently entertained . Jones ' mastery of the spoken word also enabled his many sexual exploits with both female and male followers . Jones deftly justified his actions to his followers by saying that what he did to them was actually for their own benefit , or the benefit of making the church a stronger , tighter-knit organization . He preached that many of his male followers were in denial about their homosexuality , conditioning those followers to accept him if he approached with a sexual advance . And he defused any accusations of sexual perversion on his part by claiming that he gained no personal pleasure from his acts , which he called a "  great sacrifice . " "  And if the leader is attracted to you , then somehow that cultivates , " Jones said during a temple meeting in 1978 . "  Well , you ought to know I 'm attracted to you , I 'm ready to die for every one of you , so that means I 'm attracted to you . You follow what I 'm saying ? I 'm attracted to all of you . How much more attraction can you have than to be ready to have your eyes plucked out ? " By the end at Jonestown , Jones was more rock star than preacher . His sermons and remarks at meetings were littered with obscenities . He regularly had sex with his followers and he abused drugs . By the last month of Jonestown 's existence , Jones was so intoxicated at times that he had great difficulty even reading the news aloud to his followers . As the end drew near , Jones ' tone as a speaker took darker turns . He constantly fed his followers in Guyana a steady diet of fatalism . "  I said , life is a f ------ disease , " he said . "  It 's worse than cancer . It 's a disease . And there 's only one cure for the sonofabitchin ' disease . That 's death . And socialists can only take one form of death . What is it ? Fight a goddamn war , or revolutionary suicide . If you do n't believe life 's a disease , then you 're dumb . Very dumb . " Spurred on by their leader 's talk , Peoples Temple members were ready to follow Jones even into death . At his request , they even wrote personal notes to him expressing their willingness to die for their cause . Some followers willing to die " This was the ultimate test of loyalty , and the absolute testimony to the power of his words . As history shows , Jim Jones the orator was chillingly effective . Listen to final 45 minutes at Jonestown "	Rev. Jim Jones was charismatic founder of the Peoples Temple He enraptured followers with dynamic preaching style , staged faith healings Jones had sex with followers , abused drugs and cursed at church members In 1978 , he persuaded followers to kill children first ; then drink cyanide-laced punch
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- More than 2 million anti-government protesters gathered on Friday in Changes Squares across Yemen calling on revolutionary forces to take decisive action against President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's regime and at any costs . Protests took place in 16 of Yemen 's 21 provinces . Youth protesters in Sanaa chanted , "  Escalation is a must for a quick ending of regime , " and "  Yemen will follow Libya 's footsteps . " This comes as defected military general Ali Mohsen released a video statement on Tuesday threatening to use force to ensure that the Yemeni revolution succeeds . "  We know that the revolution will need military interference , and we will work to make it happen , " said Mohsen . He also advised Saleh to not "  follow the footsteps of Satan " and step down from power . Saleh is currently in Saudi Arabia where he is being treated for burns sustained in an attack on his palace earlier this year . He has vowed to return to Yemen to finish his term as president . Other opposition officials are also calling for military action against the Saleh government . The Yemeni revolution will prevail only if the military is used said Hasan Zaid , the secretary general of the opposition Haq party . "  No real revolution can prosper peacefully from history 's experience , " he said . Fearing fresh clashes , heavily armed tribesmen loyal to the Ahmar family , chiefs of Yemen 's most powerful Hashed tribe , started entering the capital and in large numbers . Eyewitnesses said that at least 200 entered Sana'a over the last 24 hours . The tribesmen created checkpoint near the residence of tribal chief Sheikh Sadeq Ahmar 's , and blocked all roads leading to the Hasaba district . The Ahmar family waged a 12-day war with the government in June , which resulted in more than 200 deaths . Military planes were seen flying over the residence of Ahmar family in Hasaba and Hadda areas of the capital . On Thursday , the Interior Ministry announced that the Ahmar tribes killed a senior general in the army . The ministry said that the attacks on innocent civilians are not acceptable and the Ahmar family will be held responsible . Abdul Qawi al-Qaisi , the spokesman for Sheikh Sadeq Ahmar 's office said that two of their tribesmen were killed when government forces attacked them . "  The government continues to attack our tribes and insist on escalating the situation in the capital Sanaa , " said Qaisi . Yemen 's capital is seeing its strongest security presence since the Sanaa war in June . Eyewitnesses said that more than 2,000 pro-government heavily armed tribesmen are stationed in the outskirts of Sanaa on a mission to cleanse Sanaa 's Change Square from youth protesters . "  When we arrived to Sanaa today , they were in tents and said they were waiting for government orders to enter Sanaa , " said Wissam al-Sabahi , a resident of Sanaa .	Opposition leaders call for military action against the Saleh government Heavily armed tribesmen loyal to the anti-government Ahmar family have been entering Sanaa More than 2,000 pro-government heavily armed tribesmen are stationed in the outskirts of Sanaa
Jelena Jankovic is making a reputation for herself as one of the hardest working women in tennis . Grin and bear it : Jelena Jankovic hopes 2009 will be the year she wins a Grand Slam tournament . Only a few others on the women 's tour competed in as many matches as her last year , and her consistency , blistering forehand and an improved all-round game saw her end 2008 as the world No. 1 . She prepared for the Australian Open -- under way in Melbourne -- in the punishing heat of Mexico and hopes that winning her first Grand Slam tournament under the harsh Melbourne sun will silence the critics who have questioned her right to the No. 1 spot without having won a Grand Slam title . "  I do n't understand why so many questions are being asked about that . I mean it 's not the end of the world . I just play my tennis and I enjoy every match . I go on the court with a smile and that 's all that matters to me . And if it will happen it will happen , " she told CNN before the Australian Open . While sounding somewhat fatalistic about her chances at the first Grand Slam of 2009 , it belies a determination that has propelled the upbeat 23-year-old Serbian from an early childhood in Belgrade to the top of women 's tennis and a jet-setting lifestyle . She moved from her native Serbia to Florida when she was just 12 years-old , training at the Nick Bollettieri Tennis Academy -- the same tennis camp that honed the skills of Maria Sharapova and the Williams sisters . Being away from her family from such a young age made her grow up quickly , she says : "  I think I matured much faster than some of the girls my age and made me much stronger as well . " Life as an international tennis professional also means life on the road , and Jankovic admits that sometimes it can be tough . "  For me the most difficult thing is being away from my family and friends , away from my country . Sometimes I just wish I was a normal girl , just staying at home and living a normal life , " she told CNN . But her desire to be the best in the world and determination to succeed is galvanized by the achievements of her fellow Serbian tennis stars on the tour , Novak Djokovic and Ana Ivanovic . "  We are strong individuals and we come from a background where we did n't really have facilities to train , or the best financial status . We made it with our will and with our determination , " she said . "  I 'm proud that we have gone a long way and we have achieved huge things coming out of a small country . And I hope that will inspire and motivate the younger generation and help them by building a tennis center so that they can train in Serbia , develop their games and not have to go abroad like we had to do in order to become champions . "  It 's amazing . In Serbia people are following that sport and waking up at three in the morning to watch us play , " she said . If she can dispatch the opposition in Melbourne with the same composure and determination she 's shown in other tournaments she could finally have a title to match her ambition and give her compatriots something to really celebrate in the wee hours of the morning .	Serbian tennis star is world number one ; looking to win first Grand Slam tournament Moved from family in Belgrade to train in Florida at just 12-years-old Gaining reputation as one of the hardest working players on the tour
CNN  -- A report by the Massachusetts inspector general released Tuesday said that former drug lab technician Annie Dookhan was the "  sole bad actor " at a Boston drug lab once responsible for tests related to thousands of criminal cases , and that directors of the facility were "  ill-suited " to oversee her and other lab technicians . The state of Massachusetts says Dookhan doctored evidence to change test results at the Hinton State Drug Laboratory . After Dookhan 's co-workers told state police her work might be unreliable , the state attorney general 's office began investigating the case in July 2012 . The tampering called into question at least 40,000 cases going back to 2003 and , in some cases , may have wrongfully convicted the innocent . She was found guilty of multiple charges related to the case , including obstruction of justice , mishandling of drug evidence and lying about holding a master 's degree in chemistry from the University of Massachusetts . She was sentenced in November of last year to three to five years in prison . "  Dookhan was the sole bad actor at the Drug Lab . Though many of the chemists worked alongside Dookhan for years , the OIG  Office of the Inspector General  found no evidence that any other chemist at the Drug Lab committed any malfeasance with respect to testing evidence or knowingly aided Dookhan in committing her malfeasance , " the report said . But the report did n't stop short of blaming the unprecedented breach in confidence solely on Dookhan . "  The directors were ill-suited to oversee a forensic drug lab , provided almost no supervision , were habitually unresponsive to chemists ' complaints and suspicions , and severely downplayed Dookhan 's major breach in chain-of-custody protocol upon discovering it , " according to the inspector general 's report . The Inspector General 's Office reviewed more than 200,000 documents -- including e-mails , lab results and lab records -- and interviewed more than 40 people who worked with the drug lab to check for deficiencies , the report said . An investigation by Inspector General Glenn Cunha and his office showed that former Department of Public Health Commissioner "  John Auerbach and his staff failed to respond appropriately to the report of Dookhan 's breach of protocol " and "  the investigation DPH conducted was far too narrow , " the report said . Gov. Deval Patrick closed the lab , in Boston 's Jamaica Plain neighborhood , in August 2012 . That year , Auerbach submitted his letter of resignation from the Public Health Department to Patrick amid the investigation , and the Massachusetts State Police now oversee all of the state 's drug cases . The Inspector General 's Office concluded that "  all samples in which Dookhan was the primary chemist should be treated as suspect and be subject to careful review . " In addition to the drug samples Dookhan mishandled , an additional 2,000 drug samples not handled by Dookhan were found to potentially contain "  exculpatory evidence " to defendants in criminal cases because the drug lab failed to disclose "  additional , inconsistent testing results , " the report said . The Inspector General 's Office says it is retesting these samples and will give prosecutors and defendants accurate information about the tests when they 're completed . In November 2012 , Donta Hood , who was convicted of a cocaine charge in 2009 , was released from prison after his defense team questioned the validity of Dookhan 's testing results and her expert testimony . After his release , he was arrested on a gun possession charge . While on bail for that charge , he was arrested and charged with the murder of Charles Evans , 45 , the Brockton Police Department said . Hood is awaiting trial on the murder charge . The next hearing in this case is a motions hearing on March 11 , the Brockton Superior Court Criminal Clerk 's Office said .	The drug lab was once responsible for tests related to thousands of criminal cases Massachusetts says Annie Dookhan doctored evidence to change test results at the lab Lab directors were "  ill-suited " to oversee her and other lab technicians , the report says Dookhan , found guilty of multiple charges in the case , was sentenced to prison in November
New York  CNN  -- A Broadway actor injured when he fell more than 20 feet while performing a stunt in the "  Spider-Man " musical is set to be released from a rehabilitation center this week , his father told CNN Sunday . Christopher Tierney , 31 , was moved into the center after being discharged from New York 's Bellevue Hospital on December 28 . His father , Tim Tierney , said he is n't sure when his son will arrive at his Portsmouth , New Hampshire , home , but said he is scheduled to be released from the facility Wednesday . Christopher Tierney suffered four broken ribs ; a hairline skull fracture ; a broken scapula , or shoulder blade ; a bruised lung ; three cracked vertebrae ; and broken bones below his elbow in the December 20 fall , the elder Tierney has said . Tim Tierney said his son is improving . "  He is up , " he said . "  He is walking and just doing very well . " He said Christopher Tierney can not wait to return to the show , "  Spider-Man : Turn Off The Dark . " Several of the shows were canceled following Tierney 's fall , and new safety precautions were put in place before they resumed following a meeting between the show 's company , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the New York State Department of Labor . The show , with music and lyrics by U2 's Bono and Howell  aka The Edge  , is the most expensive in Broadway history , but production has been beset by cast injuries and technical problems . Once Christopher Tierney is home , his family plans a belated Christmas celebration , Tim Tierney said . Jonathan Dealwis , a tourist from New Zealand , said he saw Tierney fall . "  Spider-Man was on a bridge , and Mary Jane was dangling from it , " he said . "  I think he was meant to sort of swoop over there , but he just fell off ... the harness , you could see it just flick off his back and fly backward . " CNN 's Ashley Vaughan contributed to this report .	His father says the family plans a belated Christmas celebration Christopher Tierney can not wait to return to the Broadway show , his father says He says his son is up and walking
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Doctors prescribed 2,360 pills to Anna Nicole Smith in the month before her death , a number that prosecutors told jurors Tuesday was evidence of a conspiracy to feed her drug addiction . "  You 've all heard she was a strong gal , " said Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney Renee Rose during her closing argument Tuesday . "  But when she 's medicated , she 's way more compliant . " Rose argued that her boyfriend-lawyer Howard K. Stern conspired with two doctors to keep the reality TV star drugged much of the last three years of her life . On the judge 's advice , Rose kept her closing arguments to four hours , less than the full day she had predicted she would use Tuesday . Defense lawyers began their closing arguments Tuesday afternoon , making it likely the jury would begin deliberations in the two-month trial by Thursday . In their closing arguments Monday , prosecutors portrayed the actress as a lying , drug-seeking , out-of-control addict who manipulated two doctors to write excessive prescriptions for dangerous drugs over the last three years of her life . Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Barkhurst used two Norman Rockwell portraits to show jurors "  what doctors should do , " while painting Drs. Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor as physicians who fed Smith 's addiction instead of treating her illnesses . Doctors have a responsibility to protect patients "  even from themselves , " Barkhurst said . Stern and the doctors are accused of conspiring to feed the reality TV star and Playboy model 's drug addiction and using false names to obtain the drugs . The defendants are not charged in Smith 's February 2007 death , which a Florida medical examiner ruled was from an accidental overdose of a sleep aid , a lethal mix of prescription drugs and a viral flu . Judge Robert Perry has been highly critical of the prosecution 's case , suggesting it was built from "  a dead celebrity and a bunch of low-level misdemeanors . " The judge said he decided to allow the case to go forward after another respected judge advised him to trust the jury system . Perry has questioned whether the prosecution has proved that Smith was an addict , as defined by California law , and not just dependent on drugs to relieve chronic pain . "  If she 's being treated for pain , it 's not illegal , " Perry said last week . Barkhurst , the first of two prosecutors to deliver closing arguments , said that at some point during the last three years of Smith 's life , Eroshevich and Kapoor were no longer treating Smith 's pain , "  but were prescribing to treat her addiction . " "  There is not a single physical test done on Anna Nicole Smith during the time Dr. Kapoor is treating her , " Barkhurst said . He also said that Eroshevich kept no medical records of her care for Smith , but simply used her "  prescription pad power " to provide controlled drugs to her . Both doctors crossed ethical lines by developing personal friendships with Smith , Barkhurst told jurors . "  A doctor ca n't be both a physician and a friend , " Barkhurst said . He reminded jurors of photos shown earlier of Eroshevich naked with Smith in a hot tub at her Bahamas home months before her death . "  She is writing prescriptions to keep Anna Nicole euphoric , not to treat a medical condition , " the prosecutor said . He also read entries from Kapoor 's personal diary , written after he and Smith attended a gay pride event . "  I was making out with Anna , my patient , blurring the lines , " Kapoor 's diary said . Another diary entry was evidence Kapoor knew his prescriptions for Smith were illegal , Barkhurst said . "  I give her methadone , Valium . Can she ruin me ? " Evidence that Smith was an addict dates back to 1996 , when she voluntarily entered the Betty Ford Clinic , he argued . Kapoor should have recognized that Smith was an addict when she first came to his office in April 2004 and asked for one of the most powerful painkillers available , Barkhurst said . "  Anna Nicole Smith liked Dilaudid , " he said . "  She asked for what she liked . " Kapoor gave her another prescription for Dilaudid six weeks later , when Smith complained of pain from two ribs broken in a May 27 , 2004 , Jet Ski accident . "  If she was on Dilaudid at the time she cracked her ribs , certainly she should n't be on a Jet Ski , " Barkhurst said . Kapoor ordered no X-rays or tests and did not take the time to call another doctor who treated her the day of the accident , he said . Smith got Dilaudid from four different doctors that month , he said . A doctor who treated Smith at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in June 2006 testified that she concluded Smith was addicted to drugs , Barkhurst told jurors . When Dr. Natalie Maullin asked Kapoor then if Smith had any addiction issues , Kapoor laughed and said there have been some issues , Barkhurst said . Two charges against Stern were thrown out by Perry , who questioned the evidence that Stern , a lawyer , knew it was illegal to get drugs in multiple names . "  It has all the hallmarks of a kitchen sink prosecution , " Perry said last week . "  It looks like the prosecution is throwing everything in with the hope that something will survive . " Perry hinted that if the defendants are found guilty , he would consider "  possible selective prosecution issues " when sentencing them . During the trial , prosecutors showed a 13-minute video of Smith bathing with her infant daughter months before her death to support their argument that Smith 's speech was slurred and her mind was groggy from drugs . Jurors were not allowed to see the video , which also shows Smith talking in a childlike manner during a birthday party for a 9-year-old girl . The defense does not deny that Smith took a lot of drugs , but it says the doctors were treating her for chronic pain that other doctors had also diagnosed . The prosecution 's case was hampered by several key witnesses ' recanting details of earlier statements , including a former nanny who said she never saw Stern injecting Smith with a needle . "  In Session " Correspondent Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecution concludes closing argument Tuesday afternoon Prosecution argues Smith 's doctors fed her drug addiction The judge has been critical of the prosecution 's case Two counts against Smith 's lawyer-boyfriend were tossed out
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's national security team has recommended the U.S. suspend hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to Egypt over the Egyptian military 's ouster of President Mohammed Morsy , U.S. officials said . The recommendation , officials said , was made in a "  principals meeting " last week of the president 's national security team , including National Security Adviser Susan Rice , Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel . The meeting was the culmination of months of debate within the administration about how to respond to the July 3 ouster of Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected leader . The Obama administration has not labeled Morsy 's removal from office a "  coup . " Such a designation would require a cut in all but humanitarian aid . The White House has said it was in U.S. national security interests to keep the aid intact , although it did delay delivery of some fighter planes . But after U.S. calls to the Egyptian military for restraint over the last month were met with a heavy-handed crackdown on Morsy supporters , Obama canceled a joint military exercise and announced a new review of U.S. aid to Egypt . Egypt rethinking who its ` real friends ' are That aid totals $ 1.5 billion a year , $ 1.3 billion of which goes to the Egyptian military . The rest is economic assistance , some of which goes to the government and some goes to other groups , although only aid to the government would be suspended and could be reinstated once a democratic government is re-established . Officials said Obama 's advisers recommended that the cut in aid include all foreign military financing to the Egyptian military , except funding toward security in the Sinai Peninsula and along the Egyptian border with the Gaza strip . The Sinai has become increasingly unstable over the past year , with U.S. troops in the area monitoring the peace treaty with Egypt coming under increased threat . The officials said they did n't expect Obama to make a decision until after Congress votes on his request to authorize military strikes on Syria , which is not expected until next week . "  The president has not made a decision to suspend or terminate our assistance to Egypt beyond what the administration has already announced , " said Caitlin Hayden , spokeswoman for the National Security Council . "  The national security team continues to review all of our assistance to Egypt . " Intervening in Middle East turmoil : mission impossible ?	The United States provides some $ 1.5 billion in aid to Egypt yearly Some military aid has already been halted The review of aid to Egypt came after that country 's president was overthrown
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  A car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of Somalia 's capital Tuesday , killing at least 10 people , including a woman and a boy , police said . Somalia-based Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack . Group spokesman Sheikh Abdiaziz Musab , speaking to pro-Al-Shabaab outlet Andalus radio , said the blast targeted and killed several Somali intelligence agents . Somali police spokesman Qasim Mohamed Roble told reporters that the car bomb killed no government official or soldier . Among the dead , he said , was a boy who shined shoes . The area is not a new target for Al-Shabaab , which has battled Somalia 's government for years with the goal of establishing a fundamentalist Islamic state . The restaurant is across the street from the Central Hotel , where Al-Shabaab killed at least 15 people in a bombing and gun attack in February . The streets outside the restaurant were "  littered with debris and human body parts " after Tuesday 's explosion , witness Mohamed Ali said . The blast damaged nearby buildings and vehicles at a parking lot , according to Ali . Ambulances took wounded people to a nearby hospital for treatment . Tuesday 's bombing is at least the third high-profile attack near or at a Mogadishu hotel since February . On February 20 , militants attacked the Central Hotel , blowing up a car bomb outside before shooting people and detonating another bomb inside . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack . More than a month later , on March 27 , gunmen detonated explosives and shot people at a different Mogadishu hotel -- the Makka Al Mukarama -- leaving at least 20 people dead . The attack stretched into the next day before security personnel killed all the assailants . Al-Shabaab also said it was responsible for the Makka Al Mukarama attack , claiming it targeted the hotel because its guests were spies and government officials . Among those killed in the March 27 assault was Yusuf Mohamed Ismail Bari-Bari , Somalia 's permanent representative to the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland , the Somali government said . Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta .	Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack The explosion happened across the street from a hotel that was attacked two months ago Mogadishu has been the site of frequent attacks by Al-Shabaab
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Barack Obama sometimes gets ribbed for his outsized ideas , like the massive stage built in Denver , Colorado , to accept the Democratic presidential nomination . But an artist in Barcelona , Spain , may be about to outdo the candidate himself . Large-format sketches have long been a focus of artist Jorge Rodriguez-Gerada 's work . The artist plans to create a gigantic face of Obama sculpted from gravel and sand , which will cover nearly 2.5 acres  1 hectare  of Barcelona beachfront before the U.S. elections . "  The size of the piece is intrinsic to its value , " the artist , Jorge Rodriguez-Gerada , said Saturday . He hopes it will be big enough to be seen on Google Earth . "  Obama 's personality -- his youth , personal history and message of a new politics -- has fused with the historical moment to create someone larger than life , " says the artist 's dossier about the work , titled "  Expectation . " The huge size also alludes "  to the global impact of this election , " the dossier adds . iReport.com : What do you want to ask Sen. Obama ? Rodriguez-Gerada , 42 , is a Cuban-born American who grew up in North Plainfield , New Jersey , near New York , and now lives in Barcelona . The artist , who has long focused on large-format sketches and other designs , said he had been planning to put an anonymous face on Barcelona 's Mediterranean beachfront but shelved the idea . Then , six weeks ago , he decided it should be Obama 's face . "  Everybody 's doing work about Obama , " he said . "  I was talking to my wife about the importance of this election internationally . It all came together . " The idea , that is . The execution of the project is still a work in progress , but with a lot of help pouring in . The artist has created what he calls a "  vectored image " from different photos of Obama , showing the candidate 's face looking left over his shoulder . He will use 500 tons of material -- mainly gravel but also sand and possibly some soil in black , brown and white tones -- to create the image on a flat piece of land slightly raised and overlooking the Mediterranean , near downtown Barcelona . The artist and a Barcelona newspaper say the city has temporarily ceded use of the land for the project . The portrait of Obama 's face will be 445 feet long by 264 feet wide  139.28 by 82.67 meters  and the artist hopes to have it done by late next week or no later than November 3 , the day before the U.S. elections . The materials have been donated , along with bulldozers and their drivers . The crews will initially spread the materials along white lines , and other markers that will be laid out according to the sketch . Then , the artist 's technical team will direct volunteers with garden rakes to put the final touches on the materials , making sure the various colors are spread properly on the ground in order to depict Obama 's eyes , hair , cheeks and collar , according to the plans . Rodriguez-Gerada said he 'll need to raise about $ 18,700  15,000 euros  for other costs , such as rakes and gloves for volunteers , documentation , even portable toilets for the crew . He said it 's his "  biggest work ever , in scale and complexity . " He 's a self-described political independent until recently , when he joined Democrats Abroad in Spain . But he added that the art project is his alone , without help from any political organization or campaign , and he wo n't be paid for it . Rodriguez-Gerada said this project also aims to address the issue of "  trying to find heroes with empathy for the problems of the world . We really need empathy from Barack Obama . There 's a need to do positive things for the future . " Obama 's giant face would be environmentally friendly , with all natural colors , so the materials could be recycled , the artist said . Rodriguez-Gerada 's not sure how long the face would remain in place in Barcelona , because the site is slated to be used for a new municipal building . But even if the face is n't permanent , it might be the start of outsized artistic images of Obama . Barcelona journalist Matt Elmore contributed to this report .	Cuban-American artist plans to finish work before U.S. elections 500 tons of material will cover 2.5 acres of beachfront Democratic presidential candidate is "  larger than life , " artist says Project also aims to address issue of "  trying to find heroes "
CNN  -- Republicans appeared to have regained the majority of U.S. governorships Tuesday night , capturing 10 in states where the previous executives were Democrats , according to CNN projections of exit poll data . But Democrats scored two takeaways , including in California , where CNN projected that Jerry Brown will defeat Republican Meg Whitman for the governorship now held by Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger , who is stepping down under term limits . Brown returns to the governor 's mansion in California 28 years after his last term ended . The other takeaway state was Hawaii . GOP women made major inroads , as New Mexico 's Susana Martinez , South Carolina 's Nikki Haley and Oklahoma 's Mary Fallin all defeated their Democratic opponents . A widely publicized battle in New York ended with a projected Democratic victory as state Attorney General Andrew Cuomo slid past Republican favorite Carl Paladino , according to CNN analysis of exit poll data . Son of former Gov. Mario Cuomo , the younger Cuomo squared off against Paladino , a businessman and developer , after the Tea Party-endorsed candidate scored an upset victory over former Rep. Rick Lazio earlier in the GOP primary . Cuomo added to Democratic wins in New Hampshire , Maryland and Arkansas , according to the projections . But governorships in Kansas , Oklahoma , Tennessee , New Mexico , Pennsylvania , Wyoming , Michigan , Wisconsin , Ohio and Iowa all have gone from Democrat to GOP , according to CNN analysis of exit poll data . Republicans , however , lost Rhode Island . But Democrats did n't win it either . That 's because Independent Lincoln Chafee , a former Republican , was projected by CNN to defeat Republican John Robitaille and Democrat Frank Caprio for the governorship , which had been vacated by Republican Gov. Don Carcieri because of term limits . Chafee becomes Rhode Island 's first governor since 1857 who is neither a Republican nor a Democrat . Often overshadowed during midterm campaigns , governorships can impact national politics by their influence in the redistricting of state electorates . Republicans needed a net gain of only three governorships Tuesday for a majority nationally . If the eight-state pickup margin holds , the GOP will have gained a national gubernatorial majority plus five . Tennessee became the first Republican pickup Tuesday evening , when Knoxville Mayor Bill Haslam edged past Democrat Mike McWherter . Haslam will succeed Democratic Gov. Phil Bredesen , who was precluded from running again by term limits . In Michigan , Republican Rick Snyder defeated Democratic Lansing Mayor Virg Bernero in Michigan . In Pennsylvania , CNN projected Tom Corbett , who had an 8-percentage-point lead with 84 percent of precincts reporting , as the winner over Democrat Dan Onorato . In Wisconsin , Republican Scott Walker was CNN 's projected winner over Democrat Tom Barrett . In Kansas , Sam Brownback won easily over Democrat Tom Holland . In Wyoming , Republican Matt Mead was the projected winner over Leslie Petersen . In Oklahoma , Fallin defeated another woman , Democrat Jari Askins . In Ohio , Republican John Kasich , a former congressman turned pundit , defeated Democratic incumbent Ted Strickland , who was seeking a second term . In Iowa , Republican former Gov. Terry Branstad , who had the job in 1980s and 1990s , defeated Democratic Gov. Chet Culver . And in New Mexico , also a contest between female candidates , Martinez defeated Diane Denish in a race to replace Democratic Gov. Bill Richardson . Addressing her cheering supporters Tuesday night , Martinez hit repeatedly on one theme : "  You were the ones telling me how desperately we needed to move New Mexico in a new direction , " she said . "  At the end of the day , New Mexico chose a new direction . " In South Carolina , Haley became the state 's first female governor by defeating Democratic opponent Vincent Sheheen in a tightly contested race . Haley , a 38-year-old state representative , is supported by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and Tea Party activists , and has promised to tackle unemployment and excess government spending by way of a 10-year plan . During a bitter campaign run-up , Sheheen hammered Haley on reports of late tax payments while campaigning on the scandal surrounding the former governor . The governor 's race in South Carolina had earned a prominent stage among a series of high-profile gubernatorial elections that some analysts speculate could be a bellwether for future presidential politics . Nevada , Arizona , Alaska , Georgia , Idaho , Utah , Texas , Nebraska , South Dakota , Alabama and South Carolina returned Republicans to their governor 's mansions ; Colorado , Arkansas , New Hampshire , New York , Massachusetts and Maryland did likewise for Democrats . In Texas , incumbent Gov. Rick Perry defeated Democrat Bill White , and Democratic incumbents held on to governorships in Arkansas and New Hampshire , based on projections . In New Hampshire , incumbent John Lynch bested Republican challenger John Stephens , while in Arkansas , Democrat Mike Beebe has defeated GOP nominee Jim Keet . Democratic incumbents also held on in Massachusetts , where Gov. Deval Patrick was projected to defeat Republican Charlie Baker , and in Maryland , where Gov. Martin O'Malley was projected to prevail over Bob Ehrlich . In Baltimore , O'Malley thanked state employees and campaign workers , pledging to "  move Maryland forward " by creating jobs and in what he described as a "  new economy . " In South Dakota , Republican Lt. Gov. Dennis Daugaard edged past Democrat Scott Heidepriem . In Georgia , former U.S. Rep. Nathan Deal , the Republican candidate , defeated former Gov. Roy Barnes , according to a CNN projection based on exit poll data . Deal narrowly defeated Tea Party favorite and former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel for the state 's Republican nomination . The national spotlight turned on the Georgia race when national GOP heavyweights Sarah Palin and Mitt Romney endorsed Handel , while Mike Huckabee and Newt Gingrich backed Deal . In Vermont , GOP Lt. Gov. Brian Dubie was up against Democratic challenger Peter Shumlin . Dubie ran uncontested in the GOP primary , while Shumlin , a state senator , could n't declare victory in his crowded primary until a recount was certified almost three weeks after the voting . According to Vermont law , if no gubernatorial candidate wins a majority of the vote on Election Day , the responsibility of electing the governor falls to the state legislature , with each state senator and representative casting one vote . Democrats currently hold a decisive 117 to 55 lead in the legislature . In Nevada , Republican Brian Sandoval , who had beaten scandal-plagued incumbent Gov. Jim Gibbons in the primary , defeated Democrat Rory Reid . In Arizona , incumbent Republican Gov. Jan Brewer defeated Democrat Terry Goddard . In Alaska , Palin 's successor as governor , former Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell , beat Democrat Ethan Berkowitz , a former state representative . In Hawaii , Democrat and former Rep. Neil Abercrombie won back the governorship for his party by defeating Republican Lt. Gov. Duke Aiona . Republican Gov. Linda Lingle left the seat due to term limits .	NEW : Republicans have knocked Democrats out of 10 governorships so far NEW : Democrats score two takeaways from Republicans in California and Hawaii Tea Party favorite Nikki Haley wins in South Carolina , CNN projects Susana Martinez wins in New Mexico
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot on Friday asked for more time to "  reflect " on what plea he will make during his murder trial , shortly after his attorney indicating the 24-year-old Dutch man suddenly had changed his strategy in relation to the killing . Earlier in the day , his attorney said van der Sloot was expected to plead guilty to all charges , but when it came time to tell the court , he asked instead for more time . When asked for a plea by the magistrates , van der Sloot said he wanted to give a "  sincere confession " -- a type of guilty plea that can qualify him for a reduced sentence -- but did not agree with all of the charges against him . When the judge asked for clarification , he said he needed more time to decide his plea . The trial is postponed until Wednesday , when van der Sloot is expected to finally give his plea . He is charged with "  qualified murder " and simple robbery in the killing of 21-year-old Stephany Flores . On Friday , prosecutors went over all the evidence and witnesses they had and gave a summation of the case against van der Sloot . The Dutch national was considered the prime suspect in the case of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway , who vanished in 2005 while on a graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba . She was last seen leaving a nightclub with van der Sloot and two other men . Van der Sloot was arrested twice but never charged in connection with Holloway 's disappearance , which is still unsolved . He now stands accused of killing Flores in his Lima hotel room in May 2010 . Police say he took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested a few days later . Van der Sloot faces a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . Flores ' family later tried -- unsuccessfully -- to convince three judges from the superior court of Lima to impose an even more serious slate of charges that could have included a life sentence . The victim 's family , including her father , Ricardo Flores , had pushed for stiffer charges and said that van der Sloot has n't looked "  remorseful " in court appearances . "  He had an indifferent and prideful attitude . He looks as if he has everything under control . He looks better than when he appeared on TV after he was arrested , " Ricardo Flores told CNN last year . Three judges are presiding over van der Sloot 's trial , and there is no jury . Besides the Flores murder trial , van der Sloot also faces extradition to the United States . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges of wire fraud and extortion after allegations surfaced that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother . He was given a total of $ 25,000 , and authorities believe he used that money to travel to Peru and participate in a poker tournament , where he met Flores . Holloway 's father told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " show on Friday night that he felt van der Sloot appeared intent on trying to "  cause ... issues and problems " during his court appearance . The father said he that believed the Dutch national seemed to be trying to manipulate the Peruvian system , saying he felt he 'd done the same in court appearances in Aruba surrounding his daughter 's disappearance . "  He 's done this many times before , " Dave Holloway said . "  I think this was all planned out . " InSession 's Jean Casarez and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Natalee Holloway 's father says van der Sloot 's actions seemed "  all planned out " No plea is expected from Joran van der Sloot in the Peruvian case until Wednesday The Dutch citizen , 24 , is charged with killing a young woman in Peru The victim 's father has said van der Sloot has seemed indifferent , not remorseful
Paris  CNN  -- The French Senate opened debate Thursday on a controversial bill that would extend the right to marry and adopt to same-sex couples . The lower house has already approved the legislation . If it passes the Senate , it would mark the biggest step forward for French gay rights advocates in more than a decade . But the plan faces stiff opposition from the Roman Catholic Church , other religious groups and social conservatives , with huge numbers turning out for protest marches in Paris in recent weeks . At the same time , the legislation has won wide backing from gay rights advocates . The Senate debate is expected to continue into next week . Same-sex marriage : Who will legalize it next ? International question France is not the only nation currently wrestling with the polarizing issue . Uruguayan senators voted overwhelmingly in favor of a same-sex marriage measure Tuesday , despite vocal opposition from the Catholic Church . Next week , lawmakers in the lower house are expected to vote on the Senate 's version . Legislators in the United Kingdom are also weighing proposals to legalize same-sex marriage . In the United States , the issue went before the Supreme Court last week , and justices are now deliberating over the matter . Nine states and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , including three states -- Maryland , Washington , and Maine -- where voters approved it in ballot initiatives last year . The other 41 states have specific laws blocking gays and lesbians from legally marrying . The first same-sex couples walked down the aisle in the Netherlands in 2001 . Since then , almost a dozen countries have passed laws allowing same-sex marriages and domestic partnerships , including Canada , South Africa , Belgium and Spain . In Argentina , the push to legalize same-sex marriage met with fierce opposition from the Roman Catholic Church , with Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio -- then the archbishop of Buenos Aires and now the pope -- engaging in a notorious war of words with the government over the issue . It was approved in 2010 . The issue also has divided Australia , where lawmakers voted against a bill to legalize same-sex marriage last September . A poll for the advocacy group Australian Marriage Equality indicated that 64 % of those surveyed "  support marriage equality . " ` It 's love that matters ' Extending the right to marry and adopt to same-sex couples in France was one of President Francois Hollande 's electoral pledges in campaigning last year . The left , which includes Hollande 's governing Socialist Party , dominates the National Assembly , where the bill passed by a large majority in February . The party has only a slim majority in the Senate . The issue has sparked strong reactions among ordinary voters , as well as their legislators . Some 300,000 people turned out for a protest march staged less than two weeks ago , police in Paris told CNN affiliate BFM-TV . Same-sex marriage campaigner Marc Barronet told CNN it was not surprising that the move has provoked strong reactions from some . "  France is a rather progressive country ... but you should n't forget that France also has some parts of rather conservative society and in times of economic crisis , people tend to cling to what they know and fear change , forgetting sometimes that change can bring improvements . " Opinion : Gay rights in France - How even the U.S. leads the way Nonetheless , he is confident that the measure will pass sooner rather than later . "  France is a secular society , so it 's very different from other countries where religion plays a large part in the question of marriage , " he said . "  There is a clear majority in parliament in favor of this bill , so it will become law . " Engineer Driss Houat , 69 , told CNN Thursday he opposes the measure . "  I am completely against it because God created man and woman so that they could be married . Not for anything else . It 's absurd for me to see this bill pass , " he said . But Myriam Duru , 37 , a manager at a Tommy Hilfiger store , disagrees . "  I am Muslim , so I believe in God . I think it 's not a problem for me to accept . I do n't understand people who think that God exists and can say ` I 'm against the happiness of people , ' " she said . Alexis Nys , a 58-year-old salesman , said he supports same-sex marriage "  because at the end it 's love that matters . Not old things and old fashions . I think we need to live like we should live today . " A law legalizing civil unions was introduced in 1999 in France under a previous Socialist government . Known in France as the PACS  pacte civil de solidarite  , the civil union agreement can be entered into by same-sex or straight couples and confers many but not all of the rights of marriage . French lawmakers approve same-sex marriage bill CNN 's Charles Pellegrin reported from Paris and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London .	NEW : Senate has begun debating a bill that would allow same-sex couples to marry and adopt NEW : The issue of same-sex marriage has polarized debate among ordinary French people Opposition to the measure is led by the Roman Catholic Church and social conservatives Nearly a dozen countries have passed laws opening up marriage to same-sex couples
CNN  -- A social media campaign condemning Islamophobia under the hashtag #illridewithyou has taken off after an armed man who may have links to radical Islam took hostages in Sydney . Anti-Muslim sentiment flared as chilling images from Australian media showed people , believed to be hostages , with their hands pressed against the glass of the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Sydney 's central business district . They were holding up a black flag with Arabic writing on it reading , "  There is no God but God and Mohammed is the prophet of God . " The gunman reportedly was demanding an ISIS flag . There were fears that Australian Muslims could become the targets of racially motivated retaliatory attacks . Instead Australian Twitter users offered to accompany Muslims wearing religious clothes on public transport as a gesture of solidarity under the hashtag #illridewithyou . The campaign started with a tweet from @sirtessa , a TV content editor and writer from Sydney whose real name is Tessa Kum . "  If you reg take # 373 bus b/w Cogee/Martin Pl , wear religious attire , & do n't feel safe alone : I 'll ride with you . @ me for schedule , " she wrote . Kum told BuzzFeed News that "  her heart broke " after reading a story tweeted by Rachael Jacobs as news of the hostage siege broke . Jacobs had tweeted that " ... and the  presumably  Muslim woman sitting next to me on the train silently removes her hijab ... I ran after her at the train station . I said ` put it back on . I 'll walk with u ' . She started to cry and hugged me for about a minute - then walked off alone . " Kum added : "  It is hard to feel hope when you feel helpless . #illwalkwithyou is a small act , but might be important for someone one day ... For those of us watching ; we live in this world . We are n't bystanders . We are n't helpless . " Kum received such a strong response to her initial tweet that she quickly suggested using the #illridewithyou hashtag , and tweets started coming in from all over Australia and beyond . One Twitter user @Jamus_ wrote : "  Any Muslim person getting the Geelong line  rail line in Melbourne  in the morning , #illridewithyou if you 'd like me to . 6:47 AM from southern cross . " Another one , Terri , said she would be wearing a scarf around her wrist so that any Muslims who wanted to travel with her would know who she was : "  I 'm a semi regular commuter on the #mandurah line . If you see me #illridewithyou . I 'll be wearing this scarf . " The hashtag quickly began to trend and turned into a place for people to show their support and speak out against racism and Islamophobia . Nikos de Serf from Melbourne tweeted : "  We are all Australians & we will not turn away from our Muslim brother , sisters , fathers , mothers , loved ones & friend #illridewithyou all . " Phil Burgess , an Australian living in the United Arab Emirates , tweeted : "  We live in Abu Dhabi but I am proud to say that #illridewithyou anytime ! " In a few hours , #illridewithyou has become the top trending hashtag globally and has been mentioned 150,000 times , including retweets , in the past 24 hours , according to social search and analysis site Topsy . Muslims in Australia and across the world have shown their gratitude for the campaign . One user , Angger Prawitasari , wrote : "  Thanks for protecting my sisters #illridewithyou . " Ozge Sevindik , whose Twitter profile shows her wearing a hijab , wrote : "  I was going to drive to work tomorrow but seeing the outpouring of support changed my mind . #illridewithyou Thank you . See you on the train ! " Sydney streets fall silent during hostage standoff	Campaign against Islamophobia #illridewithyou takes off on social media Anti-Muslim sentiment flares after gunman takes hostages in Sydney Australian Twitter users offer to travel with Muslims as a gesture of solidarity #illridewithyou becomes top trending hashtag globally
Beijing  CNN  -- She ate her favorite food all day long and rarely exercised . She had a few brief failed relationships but mostly stayed single and never gave birth . Defying conventional wisdom on a healthy lifestyle , she somehow found the secret to longevity . When she died of kidney failure on May 7 in southern China , some local media called Ming Ming , 34 , the world 's oldest giant panda , generating global headlines . Wild pandas live 15 years on average , while those in captivity can live much longer thanks to improved nutrition and medical care , according to WWF , the nature conservation organization whose logo famously features a giant panda . CNN anchor 's surprising views on pandas At least two pandas had lived longer than Ming Ming , state media has reported . Tao Tao died in 2008 at the age of 36 and Chang Chang passed away in 2002 at the age of 35 . "  The longevity of those pandas does n't have too much to do with our conservation effort , " said Professor Fan Zhiyong , head of the species program at WWF 's Beijing office . "  In captivity pandas do n't have to worry about food sources , infectious diseases and competition from other species -- all of which remain challenges to their survival in the wild . " While both Tao Tao and Chang Chang spent most of their lives in a zoo in eastern China , Ming Ming 's life journey spanned half the globe . Her longevity had surpassed most people 's expectations . She was rescued in 1979 in the mountains of Sichuan province , a rare sanctuary for one of the world 's most endangered species . Some 300 pandas live in captivity in China , mostly in breeding programs aimed at boosting the low population caused by disappearing natural habitats and low fertility rate . Fewer than a dozen zoos outside China have pandas . "  Ming Ming had always been weak ever since she was rescued , " said Huang Zhi , one of her caretakers at China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda in Wolong , also in Sichuan , where she grew up . "  She was quite timid and not very close to people , " he added . Despite the personality , Ming Ming played the panda ambassador when the Chinese government dispatched her to the London Zoo in 1991 . Fighting instead of mating with a male panda from Berlin , Ming Ming failed her most important duty and returned home three years later . She moved one last time in 1998 to a safari park in the southern Guangdong province , where old age eventually caused multiple health problems . Huang , Ming Ming 's longtime caretaker , last visited her in April . "  Her eyesight was deteriorating -- and she moved very slowly and ate very little , " he recalled . "  I felt she was very old . "	Ming Ming dies on May 7 in southern China She dies of kidney failure after living in captivity since 1979 At least two pandas had lived longer than Ming Ming
CNN  Since the headline-grabbing murder of American journalist James Foley by ISIS militants eight months ago , the world has been regularly confronted with a modern form of an ancient , primally horrifying method of execution . British and American aid workers , Japanese and American journalists , Kurdish and Syrian soldiers and Egyptian and now Ethiopian Christians were among those who followed in Foley 's wake : their gruesome beheadings documented on camera and disseminated as propaganda to a global online audience . These highly ritualized killings have galvanized international opposition to the group -- and helped attract a wave of foreign recruits to the ISIS cause . But beyond this , some experts such as psychology professor Arie W. Kruglanski suggest , the wave of savage beheadings may be having an unlikely knock-on effect . He says the spate of jihadist beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation -- not only from Islamists , but from the "  disbelievers " they target . Kruglanski , distinguished professor of psychology at the University of Maryland , says the frequent , high profile reports of ISIS beheadings could result in psychologically "  priming " people to be more inclined to emulate them , or threaten to , during moments of conflict or extreme stress . Because of the attention that jihadist beheadings have commanded internationally , "  the very concept of beheading , that was virtually non-existent in our unconscious prior to these events being propagated , is now there , " he told CNN . "  It comes to mind when a conflict happens , when you react aggressively , " he said . "  It sits there in our unconscious and can be activated under certain circumstances when the passions run high , and result in actual behavior . " Reports of beheadings also emerge from Saudi Arabia , where it is a legal method of execution under the country 's judicial code ; and Mexico and Brazil , where it is typically the work of criminal gangs . But neither has placed the practice in the global spotlight to anything like the same degree as ISIS 's propaganda , in which the threat is extended to "  disbelievers " around the globe . A similar copy-cat effect had been observed with the phenomenon of school mass shootings , said Kruglanski . "  Once the idea is planted then when someone is upset , feeling violent , the idea of getting a gun and shooting up a school comes more readily to mind , because it 's sitting there in our unconscious , " he said . A lack of hard data on the global incidence of beheadings makes it impossible to say conclusively whether such killings are being carried out by non-jihadists more often . But reports of such cases have been frequently making the headlines . In December and January , two victims were decapitated -- outside a Florida home , and in a shopping mall in China 's Shaanxi province -- in crimes with no apparent connection to terror . In London alone , a city deeply impacted by the murder and attempted decapitation of soldier Lee Rigby by Islamic extremists in 2013 , three women were reportedly beheaded last year in alleged crimes with no apparent jihadist motivation . And in the United States , an Oklahoma man is awaiting trial , accused of beheading a co-worker in September .  Whether he was inspired by ISIS propaganda remains unclear ; he was reportedly a recent convert to Islam and had posted Osama bin Laden and beheading content online . Whether or not "  non-jihadist " beheadings are on the increase , this brutal method of killing has inarguably come to occupy a larger part of the public consciousness , as ISIS 's beheadings have grabbed international headlines and the terror group 's call on supporters to attack "  disbelievers " has reverberated worldwide . In Australia and the Philippines , jihad-related threats or plots to decapitate have allegedly been made in the past seven months ; recently , a Muslim convert in London was found guilty of a plot to behead a British soldier , inspired by the Rigby murder . The theme of beheading was also front and center in an incident in Belgium in January , where fans of football team Standard Liege unfurled a giant banner depicting the severed head of an opponent . The club condemned their actions as "  totally unacceptable . " Beyond this , threats to behead also seem to have gained a wider currency among non-jihadists , said Kruglanski . In the U.S. , a Michigan man was arrested in January for threatening to decapitate the New York police officer who put Eric Garner in a fatal choke hold , which triggered widespread civil rights protests . And months earlier , in October , police reportedly received a threat to behead elementary school students in Rhode Island . Roderic Broadhurst , a professor of crime , policing , security and justice at the Australian National University said the ISIS beheadings may have shown those engaging in attention-seeking threats of violence a sure way to get noticed . "  An awareness of what really shocks and gets ` news ' is clearly on show , " he said . The threats and banner demonstrated the way in which the spread of beheading rhetoric may be having a psychologically "  brutalizing " effect on society , said Kruglanski , intensifying the violence of our thoughts , words and actions . "  Ultimately , we 're talking about contributing to the brutalization of interpersonal and inter-group conflict all over the planet , " he said . Justin Hastings , a senior lecturer in international relations and comparative politics at the University of Sydney , said that while ISIS beheadings "  might inspire some people to prefer that particular way to kill people as opposed to others , " he believed it would eventually fall out of favor . While beheading had been adopted by ISIS as their stock in trade , it would inevitably lose its shock value , driving jihadists to ramp up the levels of atrocity in order to continue capturing international attention . One such dramatic escalation occurred in February , when ISIS released a propaganda video in which the tactic of beheading was abandoned altogether for fresh horrors -- burning Jordanian pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh alive in a cage . Later that month , ISIS released a video released showing what appeared to be Kurdish Peshmerga fighters paraded down Iraqi streets in cages . For many , a baffling aspect to the executions has been how such overweening brutality could win support for the ISIS cause . While the executions are viewed by the vast majority of people as repellent , Kruglanski said , they could exert a strong pull for sympathizers by projecting "  a sense of godlike power . " "  We all have this morbid , instinctual fascination with death and killing and torture , which is sublimated and constrained by civilization and our culture and socialization , " he said . "  Most of us are peaceful even though these drives exist in our subconscious ; civilization rests on its ability to constrain them . " But when the "  death instinct " -- "  this drive to kill and promote violence " -- was legitimized by a powerful narrative , such as a religious or ideological call to global jihad , "  then that can result in unregulated atrocities , " he said . For some foreign jihadists who had traveled to Iraq and Syria to fight for ISIS , the realities of the so-called "  Islamic State " had driven them to return home disenchanted , he said . But others remained . "  In each of us there is this battle of good versus evil , " said Kruglanski . "  It 's a battle in everybody 's soul . "	The wave of ISIS beheadings has horrified people all over the world It may also have contributed to isolated beheading incidents by non-jihadists , says an academic Professor Arie W. Kruglanski says exposure to the videos could help "  prime " some to emulate them
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An investigation commissioned by the city of New York found private gun vendors selling weapons to buyers who admitted not being able to pass background checks , breaking federal law , a report released Wednesday says . It is illegal for unlicensed sellers to sell a gun if there is reason to think the buyer would fail a background check . The sales were made at seven gun shows in Ohio , Tennessee and Nevada , the report says . Hired investigators with hidden cameras were able to purchase guns from private sellers after announcing to the vendors they could not pass a background check , it says . Nineteen of the 30 private sellers the undercover investigators dealt with failed the integrity test , according to the report . The law does not require private unlicensed sellers at gun shows to do background checks on their customers . However , it is a federal felony for unlicensed sellers to sell a gun if they have a reason to believe the buyer would fail a background check . There were no arrests and no lawsuit were filed . "  Closing the gun show loophole has nothing to do with the Second Amendment , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a news conference Wednesday . "  It is basic law enforcement , plain and simple . " He said he does not want to shut down gun shows but to change the law . He cited a 2000 study from the then-Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms saying 30 percent of guns involved in federal illegal gun trafficking investigations are connected in some way to gun shows . The figure is disputed by gun proponents . "  We believe anyone who breaks the law should be arrested , prosecuted and punished , " the National Rifle Association said in a statement supplied to CNN . "  Instead of working with law enforcement to bring those who may have broken the law to justice , Mayor Bloomberg chose to use this information for a press conference . Bloomberg 's priorities are clearly media first , justice later . " But Bloomberg has support from some in Washington , including Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey . "  This investigation reveals how easy it is for criminals and even terrorists to purchase firearms at gun shows and is further proof that we must close the gun show loophole , " Lautenberg said in a written statement .	Sales made at gun shows in Ohio , Tennessee , Nevada , report says 19 of 30 private sellers in sting failed the integrity test , according to the report Closing gun-show loophole "  is basic law enforcement , " NYC mayor says It "  has nothing to do with the Second Amendment , " said Mayor Michael Bloomberg
CNN  -- An armed group in strife-torn eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo has kidnapped eight international Red Cross staffers -- seven Congolese and a Swiss delegate -- the aid group said Tuesday . The eight International Committee of the Red Cross  ICRC  personnel , who had just completed an assessment of displaced people in the Fizi area , have been held since April 9 by Mai Mai Yakutumba , a militia operating in South Kivu province . "  We demand that the group holding our personnel release them as quickly as possible , " said Franz Rauchenstein , head of the ICRC delegation in the Congo . "  We are in contact with our colleagues , and their families have been briefed on the situation . " Violent ethnic clashes in the South Kivu , related to the 1994 genocide in neighboring Rwanda , have forced thousands of civilians from their homes in recent months , the ICRC said . "  It is in order to protect and assist armed-conflict victims that we have been carrying out our activities in the area , " Rauchenstein said . "  We continue to insist that the strictly neutral , impartial and humanitarian nature of our work be recognized , and that our colleagues be able to return to their loved ones soon . "	Armed group in Democratic Republic of Congo kidnaps 8 Red Cross staffers Aid group says seven Congolese and Swiss delegate among group being held Ethnic clashes in South Kivu , related to '94 Rwanda genocide , have displaced civilians
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Finding one of the newest hot spots for dining in Los Angeles may require Twittering and a GPS , because the locations of the Kogi trucks are always changing . A hungry crowd gathers one night around a Kogi truck in Los Angeles . "  We were like the first ones here , and we did n't know . It 's got ta be somewhere around here , so we went around for a good 20 minutes trying to find the place . But we heard the tacos were insanely good , " said Robert Rabis , who was dining with his wife , Tiffany Tang . Those mouth-watering tacos are a fusion of Korean and Mexican food and are served from two company trucks that have drawn a devoted following over six months . Word from those satisfied mouths and the social network Twitter has people lining up at the trucks for up to two hours . First-time Kogi customer Rabis said it was worth the wait . Watch how even celebs love the food " "  Plus all of my co-workers are going to know about it . They want to know the new ` in ' thing . The whole hospital staff is going to know by tomorrow when I get to work , and they 'll be sure to go on the Internet trying to find the next location , " he said . Two Kogi trucks , named Verde and Roja , roam the streets of the Los Angeles area from noon until about 2 a.m. Kogi co-founder Caroline Shin-Manguera sometimes has a hard time wrapping her head around their success . "  It does n't make any sense whatsoever . We make our people wait in line for two hours , and we make them wait in the rain , and we do n't give them chairs to sit on , we do n't take reservations , we 're late half the time , but we must be doing something right . " It may be the fresh gourmet food at low prices during a recession . Katherine Clouet , a 20-something who drove 30 minutes in Los Angeles traffic and waited about an hour in line , likes the prices . "  You go to a restaurant , you 're going to spend at least 20 bucks . It 's only $ 2 for tacos . I mean so that 's great . " Kogi frontman Mark Manguera , who has worked in some of L.A. 's most prestigious restaurants , came up with the idea for Kogi while hungry after a late night out . A small group friends pitched in to make this small business a booming success . The trucks offer customers reasonably priced fare : tacos for $ 2 , and burritos , sliders and kimchi quesadillas for $ 5 . One of Manguera 's friends , chef Roy Choi , creates the recipes ; another friend , Eddie Gonzales , manages the operation ; and his sister-in-law , Alice Shin , handles the tweets from across the country in New York . Choi trained at the Culinary Institute of America and cooked at places like Le Bernardin in New York and Trader Vics in Los Angeles before jumping into the taco truck business . His recipe for success is mixing great ingredients with his passion for good food . "  So if it starts with that love and that passion , it 's got to be great no matter what it is . Now you pair that with great natural beef , short ribs , all-natural pork , all-natural chicken , pure sesame , pure sesame oil , soy sauce , ginger , garlic , scallions . Everything made fresh every day , marinating overnight . " The company launched in November 2008 with one truck and basically had no customers , so the owners ate the tacos themselves . Today , they have more than 25,500 followers on Twitter , and they ca n't even estimate how many people they feed a day . Choi says the goal is to "  serve the best possible food for the cheapest price , and just try to get rid of everything you have , and you made everything fresh that day . " Dining from the trucks late at night can be a community or family affair . "  There 's sometimes 600-1 ,000 people in the street . Sometimes they wait for us even before we get there . Sometimes late at night , even midnight , they bring their 2-year-old , 3-year-old , 4-year-old kids and they wait in line , " notes Choi . Clouet was pleased with her first Kogi experience and says it 's "  something to do . Ya know , to spend an hour of your life in line and mingle with people . You 've never seen these people before , but they 're here for the same reason . " Locations can change at the last minute , so diners better have a phone or BlackBerry with them so they 're not standing in some parking lot by themselves waiting for nothing . Some parking lot owners welcome Kogi , and others do not , but the chef simply takes it all in stride . "  I look at our food as graffiti , ya know , so like some people look at graffiti as a beautiful thing , some people think that it 's a menace to society , ya know . I think it 's the same thing with Kogi . Some people embrace us , enjoy our food , invite us into their places and their parking lots ; some people look at us as a menace . " One song was commissioned by a customer who is wild about Kogi . The Kogi folks have high hopes of expanding , but they want to do it carefully . They rent the two original trucks from a friend , and in a few weeks , two more trucks will be in circulation in Southern California . Shin-Manguera , who handles the finances , says , "  We 're looking actively to do a location in New York as kind of one of our goals at the moment . We got a huge response from New York and the New York market wanting us to be out there . Hopefully , a couple of the other major cities . And in the far future , possibly internationally to certain different countries . "	Rain or shine , Kogi fans wait in line to dine in parking lots at night Two Kogi trucks with Korean-Mexican fusion food roam streets of Los Angeles Customers follow tweets on Twitter to find the current location of trucks Tacos cost $ 2 , and burritos , sliders and kimchi quesadillas cost $ 5
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Protests against Spain 's economic crisis took a new turn Wednesday as social media networks fueled calls for demonstrators to take to the streets before local elections a few days away . Thousands returned late Tuesday to Madrid 's central Puerta del Sol plaza -- where the main protests began Sunday . A few hundred demonstrators camped out there overnight , while similar but smaller protests were held in Barcelona and other Spanish cities , a protest organizer said . "  The economy and unemployment are key to the protest because that binds all of us together , " said Jon Aguirre Such , a spokesman for the Real Democracy Now , one of many groups convening the demonstrations . "  In this crisis , while some have gotten rich , most people have less income , " Aguirre said . Demonstrators are protesting Spain 's 21 % unemployment rate and a record 4.9 million jobless . Protesters say a plethora of temporary labor contracts offer few or no job benefits . In addition , some are protesting against the political and financial establishment that they say is to blame . The protests come in the closing days of the campaign for local elections set for Sunday . Spain 's 8,000 cities and towns will elect mayors , along with 13  out of 17  regional presidents and parliaments . Opinion polls in Spanish media predict major gains for the opposition conservatives over Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero 's ruling Socialist party . Zapatero , squeezed by the nation 's prolonged economic crisis , announced last month he wo n't seek a third term in national elections due by March 2012 . For the past few years , as Spain 's rate of unemployment remained tenaciously high , most of the protests were organized by major trade unions . But the latest protests appear to be grass-roots movements fueled by social networks , sparking more attention . Elena Ortega , who says she 's managed to find only a part-time secretarial job , helped spread the word on Facebook about the protests on Wednesday . "  If this is happening , it 's because the unions were n't doing what was needed , when it was needed . They have n't delivered , " she said . She said she 's worried about her 20-year-old son , who has only found temporary jobs in the past four years . "  Forty percent of our young people are unemployed and do n't have a chance , " Ortega said . The movement does not appear to be linked to the unions or political parties , the traditional protest heavyweights in Spain , said Economist Fernando Fernandez of the IE Business School in Madrid . "  I think we really do n't know what we 're seeing , " Fernandez said . "  This is the very beginning of a new movement . I do n't expect it to become a very large social response or protest against the unemployment perspective in Spain . " But hours later , on Tuesday night , several thousand protesters returned to Madrid 's central plaza . By Wednesday morning , dozens remained in their overnight encampment . The social media networks call for renewed protests on Wednesday evening in Madrid and three dozen other Spanish cities . The aim is to continue the protests at least through the elections on Sunday , Aguirre said . But Wednesday afternoon , Madrid 's elections board banned the planned demonstration at 8 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  at the Puerta del Sol plaza . The board said there were not "  extraordinary and serious reasons " to allow the demonstration on short notice , according to the central government 's main regional office in Madrid . The election board vetoed the demonstration -- which would have come during the final days of the election campaign -- on the grounds it could affect the right of citizens to vote freely , a regional office spokesman said . Organizers of many large demonstrations in Madrid seek and receive prior authorization , usually days or weeks ahead of the event . But the economic protests since Sunday have sprung up on short notice . Spain 's El Pais newspaper reported that authorities planned to have sufficient police officers on hand to prevent the demonstration .	NEW : Madrid 's election board bans demonstration planned for Wednesday evening Thousands return late Tuesday to Madrid 's central Puerta del Sol plaza A few hundred demonstrators camp out overnight Demonstrators are protesting Spain 's 21 % unemployment rate
CNN  -- Braving bitter cold , Muscovites in favor of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and those convinced parliamentary election results were rigged took to the streets Saturday . The dueling rallies were held about six weeks after the last major anti-government demonstrations . Putin is seeking the presidency in the March elections and will represent his United Russia party . The move is the latest step toward Putin 's reclaiming the presidency after switching to the prime minister 's office because of a law barring him from serving more than two consecutive terms as president . Russia 's third-richest man , billionaire New Jersey Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov , is running against him . Joining tens of thousands of marchers , Prokhorov told CNN Saturday the protesters "  are my potential voters . And I will do my best to help them to live in an open , competitive Russia . " The state-run Ria Novosti news agency , quoting police figures , said the opposition rally in Moscow gathered 33,000 participants , while the pro-government event was attended by 150,000 . But anti-Putin organizers said their numbers were close to 160,000 . The anti-Putin faction , calling for free and fair elections , carried banners , ribbons and signs . Among them was one depicting a rat with the message "  Put in Trash . " A pro-Putin rally in Ekaterinburg featured music and a wood-burning stove to help marchers deal with the subzero temperatures Putin has brushed off widespread criticism that the December 4 parliamentary elections in Russia were falsified . He said their results "  reflect the actual lineup of forces in the country , as well as the fact that the ruling force -- the United Russia party -- has lost certain positions . " The results caused mass protests in December . At that time , President Dmitry Medvedev announced sweeping political reforms , an effort to address discontent . Speaking before the newly elected parliament members in the Kremlin 's St. George Hall , Medvedev proposed that Russia return to direct elections of regional governors ; simplify the registration of political parties and presidential candidates ; and establish a new editorially independent national public TV channel . Medvedev also called for lifting many of the political restrictions imposed in the past several years by Putin . CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	Pro- and anti-government rallies are held in Moscow Prime Minister Putin says parliamentary elections in December were fair Opponents claim the results were rigged Putin is running for president in March
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The former city administrator of Bell , California -- who 's at the center of corruption allegations that he and seven other city officials misappropriated $ 5.5 million in salaries and personal loans -- is suing the city for breach of contract and labor code violations . In the lawsuit filed Monday in Los Angeles County Superior Court , Robert Adrian Rizzo said his employment agreement as city administrator provided for continuous renewals under an "  evergreen contract . " The employment agreement said Rizzo could be involuntarily terminated only for a felony conviction or a crime involving moral turpitude , a legal term describing conduct contrary to moral standards . The agreement also required a 90-day notice of termination , the lawsuit said . Rizzo said he has n't been convicted of a felony or a crime of moral turpitude . "  As such , the city did not have , and does not have , 'cause ' to terminate Rizzo under the agreement , " the lawsuit said . The 90-day notice was also never made , the suit alleged . Bell officials have n't received a copy of the lawsuit and declined to comment , a spokeswoman said Tuesday . Rizzo , who was city administrator from 1993 to July 2010 , is representing himself in the lawsuit and is n't using an attorney , according to the court documents . Los Angeles County prosecutors are accusing Rizzo of 55 counts of corruption charges , including that he allegedly gave nearly $ 1.9 million in unauthorized loans to himself , his assistant , council members and dozens of others , prosecutors said . In July 2010 , when the corruption allegations surfaced , the city council locked Rizzo out of his office and stopped paying his salary , the suit said . In his lawsuit , Rizzo is also alleging labor code violations against the city for not paying his salary and benefits since July 2010 , the lawsuit said . His basic salary is $ 11,000 a month -- plus a $ 400 monthly car allowance and $ 7,500 annual deferred compensation paid into a retirement plan , according to court documents . "  Rizzo is entitled to recover back pay , front pay and all wages and benefits owed under the agreement , " the lawsuit said . "  Rizzo 's employment is fully enforceable . The city , however , has failed and refused to pay Rizzo his salary and benefits under the agreement . " Rizzo is among a total of eight former Bell city officials -- called the Bell Eight -- who are facing corruption charges . All eight former officials , including six former council members and Rizzo 's assistant Angela Spaccia , have pleaded not guilty . Prosecutors accuse the eight of misappropriating more than $ 5.5 million , including being paid for phantom committee meetings and making illegal personal loans . Prosecutors allege the six former council members , including the former mayor , misappropriated about $ 1.2 million in public funds and illegally gamed the system to receive exorbitant salaries for doing no work . They face nearly two dozen counts , prosecutors said . The six elected officials facing charges are former Mayor Oscar Hernandez and former city council members Teresa Jacobo , George Mirabal , Luis Artiga , George Cole and Victor Bello , prosecutors said . Between 2006 and 2010 , the council members were paid nearly $ 8,000 a month for meetings on four boards that never took place or lasted just a few minutes , prosecutors allege . CNN 's Irving Last contributed to this report .	Former city administrator Robert Rizzo says the city owes his salary He was ousted in July 2010 and is suing the city for breach of contract Rizzo is facing 55 counts of public corruption charges His basic salary is $ 11,000 a month
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British lawmakers demanded answers Thursday after a newspaper reported that a UK tabloid illegally hacked the phones of thousands of public figures including Gwyneth Paltrow , George Michael and Elle MacPherson . Britain 's News of the World tabloid is at the center of the phone-hacking allegations . Prosecutors said they would look again at claims of alleged phone hacking by the News of the World . However police said they would not conduct a new investigation into the claims by the Guardian newspaper . Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner John Yates said officers had seen no additional evidence since its last investigation . Earlier Thursday the Guardian reported the cell phones of "  several thousand public figures " were hacked into by reporters and staff of the News of the World tabloid during one month in 2006 . The public figures named by the Guardian as victims of the phone hackings include lawmaker John Prescott , who was then the deputy prime minister ; Tessa Jowell , who was the secretary of state for culture , responsible for the media ; and London Mayor Boris Johnson , who at the time was the Conservative Party spokesman on higher education . The Guardian said actress Gwyneth Paltrow , model Elle MacPherson , actor Jude Law , singer George Michael , celebrity chef Nigella Lawson , celebrity PR agent Max Clifford , and actors union Equity were also victims of the hacking . "  The allegations -- the enormity of it -- is just unbelievable , " Prescott told the BBC on Thursday morning . "  I think it is outrageous , " former Home Secretary Charles Clarke , who was not named among the alleged victims , told the BBC . "  I think we do need action immediately . " Thursday 's revelations in the Guardian come from a case last year in which Gordon Taylor , the head of the Professional Footballers ' Association , was suing the News of the World for illegally intercepting messages on his cell phone . The tabloid paid Taylor more than # 400,000  $ 800,000 at the time  to settle the case , the Guardian said . The case file was sealed , but the newspaper said it obtained the suppressed evidence . That evidence , the Guardian said , shows that journalists working for the News of the World paid private investigators to illegally hack the cell phones of several thousand public figures . The staff then paid for the information the investigators obtained , the Guardian said . News International , the parent company of the News of the World defended its journalists and said it would not "  shirk from vigorously defending our right and proper role to expose wrongdoing . " In a statement News International , the UK subsidiary of News Corporation , said it was prevented by "  confidentiality obligations from discussing certain allegations made in the Guardian newspaper today . " But the statement stressed its staff have been told they must operate within the law and the industry 's code of conduct . Police and prosecutors also came under scrutiny in the Guardian 's report . It said the Metropolitan Police were aware of the hackings and raided the offices of some of the private investigators but did not inform those whose phones allegedly were targeted . The paper also said prosecutors decided not to take any legal action over the claims . Prescott demanded to know why -- if those allegations are true -- he was n't told that his phone had been allegedly been hacked . "  I am writing to the chief of police to ask him and the Met authorities , did you know that many of our phones were being tapped ? Did you tell the public prosecutor ? Did the prosecutor then say ` no further action ' ? " Prescott told the BBC . "  I ca n't believe that such legal authorities -- on such serious charges , if these allegations are right -- did nothing , and I want to know from them . " A spokeswoman for Jude Law said the actor was not commenting on the Guardian 's report . Other celebrities contacted by CNN had no immediate comment . A spokesman for Equity said the union was writing to the commissioner of the Metropolitan Police to ask for evidence accompanying the claims . The Guardian reported that Equity was targeted as a way to get actors ' addresses . "  We have no evidence to support the claims in today 's Guardian story that Equity was conned into giving out information and we have received no complaints from any of our members that the details we hold on their behalf have been improperly accessed , " Equity 's letter states . "  We do , however , take the claims very seriously . We will be investigating the alleged breach in our security . "	Guardian newspaper : Cell phones of "  several thousand public figures " hacked Celebrities include Gwyneth Paltrow , George Michael and Elle MacPherson Allegations against News of the World staff during one month in 2006 London 's Metropolitan police rule out a new investigation
CNN  -- A Washington woman who hid a sedated monkey under her blouse on a flight from Thailand was convicted of violating wildlife laws for smuggling the monkey into the United States , prosecutors said Tuesday . Authorities rescued the monkey from Gypsy Lawson 's fake womb . Gypsy Lawson , 28 , and her mother , Fran Ogren , 56 , were convicted of smuggling and conspiracy to smuggle the monkey in violation of the Endangered Species Act and other federal laws . Lawson hid the young rhesus macaque monkey under a loose-fitting blouse on a flight from Bangkok , Thailand , to Los Angeles , California , International Airport , pretending she was pregnant , the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Eastern District of Washington said . Permits are required to possess rhesus monkeys and many other species of animals . Such permits are granted for research , enhancement and conservation purposes . Additionally , transporting such species into the United States requires a customs declaration . Lawson and Ogren had neither . "  These defendants purposely undertook a course of action which could well have endangered many citizens , as well as the life of the animal in question , " said U.S. Attorney James McDevitt . iReport.com : What you 're doing to save the planet and its endangered species Rhesus monkeys are known to carry viruses and parasites that can be transmitted to humans , said Paul Chang , a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agent . "  This particular animal tested negative , " he said . Chang said the monkey has been placed with a rescue center for abandoned primates , "  but it could have been living out its life with its family in its native habitat . " Authorities found journals and handwritten notes describing the mother and daughter 's attempts to find a monkey small enough to smuggle back to the United States . The journal also described the pair 's "  acquisition of a small monkey and their experimenting with different medicines to sedate the monkey for their journey home , " McDevitt 's office said . Authorities also found photographs of Lawson at two airports and on an airplane in which she is wearing loose-fitting clothing and appears to be pregnant . "  The journal confirms that she and her mother smuggled the monkey into the United States by hiding it under her shirt , pretending she was pregnant in order to get past authorities , " the statement from McDevitt 's office said . Co-defendant James Edward Pratt , 34 , already has pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charges of possession and transportation of prohibited wildlife . He will be sentenced in January . Sentencing for Lawson and Ogren is scheduled for March 3 , 2009 . The smuggling conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and up to three years of court supervision after release . The conspiracy charge carries a maximum of five years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and up to three years of court supervision after release . Flight itineraries show the pair flew from Spokane , Washington , to Bangkok on November 4-5 , 2007 , with stops in Seattle , Washington , and Inchon , South Korea . They returned on a direct flight from Bangkok to Los Angeles , California , on November 28 , 2007 .	Gypsy Lawson , 28 , faked pregnancy to hide sedated monkey under her blouse Lawson , mother convicted of conspiracy , smuggling for taking monkey from Thailand Prosecutors say they found notes between women planning the smuggling Smuggling conviction carries maximum 20-year sentence
CNN  -- At 44 meters long  145 ft  , Hemisphere is the largest sailing catamaran in the world . The makers of Hemisphere believe this is first catamaran superyacht to hit the water and could revolutionize the way people think about sailing . But you 'll need deep pockets to afford this kind of luxury -- the "  supercat " costs more than $ 250,000 a week to lease . It took more than three years for the first sketch of the vessel to become a reality . Hemisphere made her debut on the world stage last week with Monaco as the appropriately lavish backdrop . While it has taken longer than anticipated to build , those behind the project insist she is worth the wait . "  The level of finishing and luxury of Hemisphere brings her to the category of a superyacht , " says chief naval architect Marc Van Peteghem . Peteghem believes those in the superyacht market are increasingly conscious of their environmental image and are turning to sailing vessels as a greener solution to luxury travel . He says the catamaran is far greener than motor boats , making the most of nature , rather than fuel , to move . Hemisphere 's interior has been tailored specifically to the luxury market ; 17 different types of granite have been used inside and 16 leather finishes have been applied , according to Burgess , the yacht 's charterers . There are also five spacious ensuite cabins to accommodate passengers with the main cabin featuring complete 360-degree views . Hemisphere is decked out with a host of toys for the discerning seafarer to play with -- smaller speed boats to go water skiing and wake boarding , water scooters and diving gear , as well as a jacuzzi on the fly bridge . It also comes fully equipped with the latest in diving gear to make the most of the boat 's shallow waters capabilities . The catamaran only has a draft of 3.1 meters , meaning it can explore areas previously out of bounds for superyachts .	At 44 meters long  145 ft  , Hemisphere is largest sailing catamaran in the world Hemisphere 's interior has been tailored specifically to the luxury market 17 different types of granite used inside and 16 leather finishes applied
The extraordinary revelation this week that the Internal Revenue Service targeted tea party groups for more aggressive enforcement highlights exactly why caution is needed in any response to the much-vilified Supreme Court decision in Citizens United v. FEC . It also shows how all Americans , from the most liberal to the most conservative , should closely guard their First Amendment rights , and why giving the government too much power to limit political speech will inevitably result in selective enforcement against unpopular groups . To the agency 's credit , Lois Lerner , a senior official at the IRS , apologized on Friday for these unconstitutional practices , which are as unseemly as the Bush administration 's targeting of the NAACP and the House of Representatives ' defunding of Planned Parenthood on purely political grounds . Lerner said that career IRS staff who were reviewing applicants for tax-exempt status took a harder look at applications with "  tea party " or "  patriot " in their names . She stressed that the added scrutiny was done as a "  shortcut , " not out of "  political bias . " But her admission calls into question earlier claims by the agency that IRS scrutiny was n't politically motivated , and it comes in the face of repeated complaints by right-wing groups that they have been treated unfairly . Collins says IRS revelations will fuel distrust in government Before addressing the obvious constitutional concerns with the selective use of the tax code against political opponents , here 's some background . Certain public interest groups , like charities and nonprofit athletic organizations , do not have to pay federal income tax on their donations or dues . These tax-exempt groups include 501  c   4  organizations  named for the relevant section of the code  . To qualify , a group must be "  operated exclusively for the promotion of social welfare . " The definition of "  social welfare " is broad , and applies to all points of view . The ACLU 's lobbying arm , for which we work , is a 501  c   4  . So is the National Right to Life Committee . These social welfare groups are forbidden from engaging in too much partisan political activity . How much is too much , however , is controversial and remains uncertain . An organization that crosses over the fuzzy line will be denied tax-exempt status . Crucially , 501  c   4  organizations , in most cases , need not publicly disclose their donors . That policy is driven by the same concerns that prompted the Supreme Court in a civil rights-era case , NAACP v. Alabama , to prohibit that state from forcing the NAACP to out its members as a condition of operating . The court reasoned , rightly , that such disclosure could lead to violence against existing members and would dissuade potential members from joining at all . Now , during the past couple of elections there has been a surge in applications for 501  c   4  tax-exempt status . Some argue that these new groups are being created specifically to help elect or defeat candidates , which would otherwise prompt full donor disclosure to the Federal Election Commission . Opponents claim these groups are abusively claiming tax-exempt status to keep their donor lists secret . Some further claim that these groups then allow wealthy individuals , corporations , and unions to anonymously funnel large amounts of money into ads supporting or attacking political candidates . As a consequence , the IRS has been under enormous pressure to speed up and aggressively investigate applications for tax-exempt status -- both reasonable demands , if carried out impartially . But much of this outside pressure has come from the left and has been directed at conservative groups , who have an advantage in this "  dark " political money . It sounds as though the events surrounding the IRS announcement can be partly attributed to this growth in applications and the pressure to uncover "  sham " 501  c   4  groups . Although the IRS claims this was an honest mistake , these revelations are troubling on many levels . For instance , there are several proposals circulating in Washington right now that would make it much easier for the IRS and other regulators to force political groups to disclose their donors . These disclosure requirements would apply even when the group is advocating purely on an issue of public interest , from clean air to abortion , and would apply to groups of all political persuasions and not just to groups supporting or opposing candidates for office . The ACLU has expressed concern with these disclosure requirements precisely because they open the door to selective enforcement . Such concerns are often dismissed as speculative and overly pessimistic , but the IRS apology shows that concerns over selective enforcement are prescient . Those in power will always be tempted to use political speech restrictions against opposing candidates or causes . The IRS announcement demonstrates that we should carefully consider any new policy that allows the government to restrict or chill political speech , including broader donor disclosure requirements . Congress and the administration should also act immediately to create ironclad checks on the IRS to prevent this from ever happening again . It should n't need to be said : Even the tea party deserves First Amendment protection .	IRS targeted tea party groups for more aggressive tax law enforcement Authors say politically motivated enforcement is a risk of efforts to counter Citizens United ruling IRS has been under pressure from the left to crack down on conservative groups , they say Authors : Administration , Congress need to enact ironclad rules to prevent repetition
CNN  -- As Washington pundits watch the carnage in Kiev , images of a rapacious Russian President Vladimir Putin , puppet master of Ukraine and of its president , Viktor Yanukovych , stalk the headlines . Putin , the theory goes , is willing to stoke a civil war in order to keep Ukraine from turning to the West . America 's obsession with Putin , however , does not explain the complex realities fueling the uprising in Ukraine or the uneasy relationship between Putin and Yanukovych . Long before the uprising began , if Yanukovych had carried out real economic and political reform , he would not have been caught between a long-term promise of a closer relationship with Europe and an immediate hand-out from Moscow and with it the Kremlin 's demand that he toughen up and put down the opposition 's demonstrations . But Yanukovych , up for re-election in 2015 , was not willing to bite the bullet and carry out the measures the West was demanding . Yanukovych tried to play both sides against the middle . "  Yanukovych has played Putin against Europe and the United States quite masterfully . So there is no love lost between them and no trust there , " says Eugene Rumer , who , until this month , served as U.S. national intelligence officer for Russia and Eurasia at the CIA . He 's now director of the Russia and Eurasia Program at the Carnegie Endowment for Peace . "  The quality of the discussion here in Washington has really been appalling , " he adds . "  A lot more has been said about Russia and Russia 's role ... but it ignores the fact that Ukraine has had an independent life for the last 25 years , and this crisis is really a domestic political crisis in Ukraine . Not that the Russians have n't helped , but it is a Ukrainian domestic political crisis . " Opinion : Can Ukraine sustain fragile peace ? Putin does have interests in Ukraine : a desire to keep NATO and U.S. military bases out , ties with Ukrainian aircraft and shipbuilding enterprises closely linked with Russia 's military-industrial complex , his own Black Sea Fleet , in Ukraine 's port of Sevastopol on the Crimean peninsula , as well as ensuring unimpeded transit of natural gas to Europe . What 's more , Harvard University 's Simon Saradzhyan says , Putin and his advisers essentially see Russians , Ukrainians and Belarusians as one people and "  therefore , seek to draw Ukraine into Moscow 's orbit . " "  The size of Ukraine 's population and , to a less extent , of its economy would make it a valuable asset in the Eurasian Union , which Putin is building in the post-Soviet landscape . " Yanukovych , however , "  has never been Russia 's man , " says Dmitri Trenin , director of the Carnegie Moscow Center . "  I think it 's a myth . He 's been a very difficult partner for Russia , a very unreliable partner , someone who let the Russians down on many occasions . Someone absolutely not to be trusted . " Yanukovych 's only goal is to stay in power and to protect his wealth and the wealth of his family , says Trenin . "  With Yanukovych vacillating between Russia and Europe and always having his own private interests in mind , it 's mind-boggling . So the Russians have long given up on Yanukovych . " Putin 's envoy to Kiev refused to sign the latest truce between Yanukovych and the opposition , in which they agreed on early elections and a return to a constitution that would shift more power from the president to the Parliament . "  I think the Kremlin feels cold-shouldered , " Trenin says . "  I think it feels betrayed by Yanukovych . Betrayed may be too strong a word , but certainly Yanukovych has managed to play the Europeans off the Russians . " Putin is not rubbing his hands in glee at the prospect of an epic battle with the West over Ukraine . In fact , says Carnegie 's Andrew Weiss , who worked on policy toward the region in the Clinton and George H.W. Bush administrations , "  I think if you 're sitting in the Kremlin the prospect of a Yugoslav scenario in Ukraine is quite scary . " "  As much as the political narrative in Washington and the West is that Putin , the puppet master , has guided all of this , " he says , "  I think there 's reason to believe that he 's more worried and more cautious about how dangerous this is . He 's set a policy framework which , obviously , has made the situation worse but at the same time , the really scary stuff that 's out there as possibilities , I think , scares the Kremlin no less than it scares Europeans and Americans . " Weiss calls it a "  four-way political fiasco " involving the Ukrainians , the Europeans , the Russians and the United States , where "  people did n't want to get engaged in the early stages of the conflict and events were quickly hijacked by politicians and self-interested actors on the ground . " The Partnership agreement , in which the European Union offered Ukraine eventual economic and political cooperation , was too long-term to solve Ukraine 's immediate financial problems . Russia , angered by the move , stepped in to offer $ 15 billion . In the anti-Putin narrative , that is depicted as "  blackmail , " but if the Russian President , angered by Yanukovych 's deal with the opposition , does not follow through with aid for Ukraine , then the ball will be back in the court of the United States and Europe , "  who are not willing to dig deep in their pockets like the Kremlin has , " Weiss says . The Yanukovych government must pay back more than $ 15 billion in debt payments to creditors over the next two years . And without Russia 's money , the U.S. and the EU would be forced to come up with some form of emergency support . "  I do n't believe there 's any receptivity in Brussels or Washington to do a major financial bailout for the Ukrainian government , " Weiss says , "  which has a terrible track record on economic reform , a completely unsustainable currency peg , and its long track record of cozy deals for tycoons . " Clan struggles among Ukraine 's oligarchs , social and political crisis , regional differences between western and eastern parts of the country -- Ukraine 's home-grown problems are deepening , even without meddling by Vladimir Putin . "  What we see in Ukraine is , unfortunately , in the 20 years of independence , Ukrainian leaders have done little or nothing to create a single Ukrainian nation , " says Trenin , "  and the divisions within Ukraine have persisted and they have also become much more pronounced in the last few months . " Keeping Ukraine together is a priority for the Obama administration but , says Trenin , it 's also a Russian policy priority . "  Despite what you may hear from various Russian figures , " he says , "  it 's very much Mr. Putin 's preference , in fact , priority , that Ukraine stays in one piece . Otherwise , a civil war very close to home , next door , essentially , could be too dangerous for Russia itself . " Russia would fight to protect the ethnic Russian population and Moscow 's base in Crimea , says Harvard 's Saradzhyna , quoting a senior Russian government official who told the Financial Times , "  If Ukraine breaks apart , it will trigger a war . ... They will lose Crimea first  because  we will go in and protect  it  , just as we did in Georgia . " Tenin is n't so sure . "  I do n't think the Russians are about to invade Crimea , " he says . "  What I think is more likely is that , in the future , the various regions of Ukraine will present their own claims and may go in different directions on a number of issues . And attempts by Kiev to clamp down on those autonomous or regionalist tendencies could lead to a new spike in tensions in Ukraine . " Kiev is burning , and Ukraine is unraveling . Yanukovych -- or the leader of a new government -- will have to find a new way to keep the country together . Vladimir Putin will not simply stand by and watch it happen , but he is not the puppet master of Yanukovych -- or of Ukraine . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jill Dougherty .	Jill Dougherty : The popular image is that Putin is manipulating the Ukraine crisis She says reality is that Yanukovych is to blame for avoiding economic , political reform The turmoil in Ukraine is a major headache for Putin 's regime , she says Dougherty : Putin not eager for an epic battle with the West over Ukraine
Rahm Emanuel is building a Second City . Two cities really , as the "  two summers " theme shown in Episode 4 of "  Chicagoland " suggests . One white , one black . One for the rich , one for the poor . One for private schools , one for closed schools . A new Chicago for the saved and the damned . Gold coast heavens and low-end hells . It 's biblical , binary . The mayor 's new Chicago is a second city for the first citizens who colonized the land and took it from the Pottawatomie . The mayor 's vision is not for most Chicagoans who live here now . It is not for Jason Barrett . In last week 's "  Chicagoland " episode , Principal Elizabeth Dozier of Fenger High School secures the early release of Barrett , who she is mentoring . But he is re-arrested and becomes one of the thousands of black and brown bodies disproportionately locked up and routed into America 's growing , often privatized , prison system . The mayor 's new Chicago is not for black and brown and white workers who toil in multiple service sector jobs that the mayor 's neo-liberal economic advisers hail as job creation . In fact Emanuel and his advisers have been the proponents of a global economic policy that packs up the kind of blue collar jobs that built Chicago and sends them south with ease : Emanuel championed NAFTA at the Clinton White House . The Chicago that the mayor and his team of wealthy financiers are continuing to create and sell is a second city of tourists and grand inequities . The disparity gap grows between those who have and those who have to rent . Those who can afford private schools like the mayor 's children and those whose public neighborhood schools are underfunded and tracked and given impossible and idiotic standardized tests to validate their existence . The new Chicago is for new businesses that will be lured with tax-free incentives , gaining advantages they wo n't have to pay back in order to be responsible citizens . The new Chicago is based on old European models of urban planning , concentric zones of wealth where working and poor people are pushed to the margins of the land and public discourse . The mayor is like a suburban kid back in the city with his parents ' money who wants to go to Lollapalooza . When the list of 50 school closings in mostly black and brown neighborhoods was leaked , he was skiing on spring break in Utah . This month when a group of poets from the Chicago public high school Team Englewood hoped to speak to the mayor directly at Louder Than A Bomb : The Chicago Youth Poetry Festival , he chose instead , the same night , to be on a giant swing at a $ 450-a-ticket gala , eating a $ 1,000 priced meal , served by a celebrity chef . The slick series "  Chicagoland " glosses over issues such as economic injustice , white supremacy , the declining middle class and the school to prison pipeline . Chicago on TV appears in a vacuum , rather than in the torrent of history . Police Chief Garry McCarthy 's stop-and-frisk policy is a continuation of America 's long history of criminalizing and dehumanizing black and brown bodies . Police force and presence in neighborhoods is sometimes the cause of violence and destruction rather than its cessation . Chicago is , after all , the home of Jon Burge , a Chicago police commander who was fired for torture and later convicted of lying about the practice . It was also the home of Rekia Boyd , an unarmed young black woman shot and killed by a Chicago police detective . The mayor maintains systemic inequity and champions individual exceptionalism . In Episode 4 , the gracious white mayor provides an internship for one young black man while his city locks up thousands . Recidivism and the school to prison pipeline is the "  real graduation " to paraphrase the most honest articulation of Episode 4 from an interview with an unnamed prisoner . The dismantling of public education in Chicago is a pathway toward a privatized school system living at the center of the Department of Education in Washington . The mayor and his cronies are the architects of these blueprints concerned with standardized tests but not standards for every student 's academic success and environment . Until they hold the system to the standards they demand for their own children , for all children , schools will continue to fail students they seek to teach . The mayor is not a mentor or educator . He is a millionaire businessman . In Episode 4 , he walks around after-school programs patting black kids on the head like some king . He considers himself a white savior , but he is something antithetical . In Episode 4 , he says he gives kids a second chance . But it is certain the schools and the city will fail students of color and send them to the largest jail in the country . Chance , the incredibly gifted hyper-literate emergent hip-hop superstar at the center of Episode 4 and at the center of a youth cultural renaissance in Chicago , succeeds despite the school system he was suspended from and because of a strong two parent household , an informal network of aunties in the working class community of Chatham , and a cadre of arts programs . Those include Young Chicago Authors and Louder Than A Bomb , where I serve as artistic director and had the privilege of mentoring the young rapper , where he was able to develop his voice and craft outside of the school day . Chance is not an anomaly when it comes to the brilliance of young Chicagoans and the contributions they have to share with the world . He is in the great tradition of Chicago realist working class portraiture . Chance is connected aesthetically and spiritually to Gwendolyn Brooks , Lorraine Hansberry , Studs Terkel and Kanye West , when he rhymes on Nostalgia from his mix-tape "  10DAY " : Round here we lose best friends like every week I like to think we playin ' a long game of hide and go seek And one day maybe ... I could lead them Kids of the Kingdom singing about freedom ... As Chicago goes , so goes the country . And we are here fighting for freedom , for all , for every person from every zip code . We are fighting for the soul of the city , the soul of the country . We are building again , indeed , a second city , as we derive our nickname from the ability to rise after the ashes and great fire of 1871 . Chicagoans have the ability to rise like a phoenix . This is a testament to the resiliency of hard working people everywhere , not the backroom dealings of a millionaire mayor or his posse . We are the city of the eight-hour workday and the Haymarket martyrs . The home of Margaret Burroughs and Fred Hampton , home of Jane Addams and the mothers of Whittier Elementary School . A city of genius and gangsters . This is a writer 's and fighter 's town as Nelson Algren would say . And this is a fight to counter the mayor 's vision of a future city , of two cities . We are trying to write and fight for a united city , a different city . A second city . A new city , a city anew , a city for all . For real .	Kevin Coval : "  Chicagoland " episode showed the "  two summers " of Chicago He says Mayor Rahm Emanuel is presiding over two cities , one for rich , one for poor Coval says the emerging economy does n't serve the poor , middle class Minorities are n't getting good schools and many are being warehoused in prisons , he says
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- European Union leaders named Belgian Prime Minister Herman Van Rompuy as the first "  president of Europe " Thursday , edging out former British Prime Minister Tony Blair for a still-vaguely defined job . "  I did not seek this high position , and I did n't take any steps to achieve it , " Van Rompuy said in accepting the job . "  But tonight , I take on this task with conviction and with enthusiasm . " Van Rompuy , a 62-year-old , soft-spoken fan of Japanese poetry , will become the face of European Union and represent its 27 member nations at summits overseas . His conservative government took office in December 2008 . The Belgian is "  well known as a consensus builder , " said British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who added the selection was unanimous . And Jose Manuel Barroso , the president of the European Commission -- the executive arm of the EU -- called Van Rompuy 's selection "  a tribute to Belgium , " the EU 's host country . " I think the European Union also expressed its gratitude for the work of Belgium and the constant support that this country at the heart of Europe has given to our common project , " he said . In his speech , Van Rompuy pledged to lead the EU through a process of "  dialogue , unity and action . " "  A negotiation that ends with a defeated party is never a good negotiation , " he said . "  As president of the council , I will listen carefully to everyone , and I will make sure that all deliberations turn into results for everyone . " The presidency was created by the European Union 's Lisbon Treaty , which came into force this month after years of torturous negotiations . Van Rompuy will serve a two-and-a-half-year term , replacing the six-month presidency of the bloc that rotated among the heads of its member states . But while the EU prides itself on being a club of democracies , the process of choosing its new leader was far from transparent or open . The people of Europe are getting no say , not even through their parliamentarians . Van Rompuy 's new job was announced after a closed-door dinner for the EU 's heads of state and government . The Belgian defended the process , telling reporters the selection was made by leaders "  who were all democratically chosen . " "  I was chosen on the basis of a treaty , " he said . "  The treaty stipulates the procedure . The treaty was democratically approved by 27 member states . " The EU leaders also named Catherine Ashton , a British trade commissioner and member of the House of Lords , as the union 's High Commissioner -- its equivalent of a foreign minister . Unlike Van Rompuy , who was chosen by leaders of the EU 's member states , Ashton must be confirmed by the European Parliament . Blair , who led Britain from 1997 to 2007 , is currently the EU 's Mideast envoy . He had been the early favorite for the presidency in recent weeks -- but Brown , his successor , realized that he lacked support among key decision-makers for new post , a Brown representative told CNN earlier . According his backers , who at first included French President Nicolas Sarkozy , he was just the sort of world-renowned figure to win attention for the EU and enable it to exercise its weight in world affairs . One Indian official told CNN before the announcement , "  If the EU chooses as its worldwide representative the prime minister of Belgium or Luxembourg , I am not sure our leaders will have the time to meet him . " But others were soon arguing that Blair 's support for the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and his close alliance with former U.S. President George W. Bush made him a divisive figure in Europe . And as the one man who might have been able to take Britain into the European single currency , he had not even attempted to do so while he was Britain 's prime minister . Public backing from Italy 's Silvio Berlusconi , a joke figure to much of Europe and another Bush ally , did not help . Brown had realized earlier that Blair did not have enough support among key decision-makers to snag the new post , a Brown representative told CNN earlier . CNN Political Contributor Robin Oakley contributed to this report .	Belgian PM Herman Van Rompuy appointed first "  president of Europe , " British PM Gordon Brown says Tony Blair ruled out after his successor as UK PM realized Blair had insufficient support President of EC will be first permanent chief of the European Council of Ministers Selection conducted by heads of state and government , not by Europe 's parliamentarians
CNN  -- If ever there was a place for ghost stories , it 's Cornwall -- the rugged peninsula of southwest England that tumbles into the Atlantic Ocean . Already remote , this often windswept corner was further isolated earlier this year when horrendous storms severed its only rail link , prompting round-the-clock efforts to reconnect it . So it seems only fitting that , when I visit the region , I do so in the company of a long-dead novelist , playwright and poet with a penchant for the paranormal . That 's not to say I 'm accompanied by a ghost as I make the five-hour rail journey from London 's Paddington Station , although a spectral Victorian lady would be quite at home in the retro carriages of the Night Riviera Sleeper -- one of Britain 's last intercity cabin trains . Nevertheless , Catharine Amy Dawson Scott , who died in 1935 at the age of 69 , is with me in spirit thanks to a vintage guidebook she penned while living on the north Cornish coast . Spooky novels Published in 1911 , the stilted prose of "  Nooks and Corners of Cornwall " is a far cry from the exuberance of today 's travel guides , but the book 's claim that the region rewards repeat visits is enough to inspire my own return . My destination is "  Wastehills , " the house that Dawson Scott lived in for several years , entertaining guests such as English playwright Noel Coward , and drawing inspiration for spooky novels such as "  The Haunting . " A formidable literary presence , Dawson also co-founded PEN International , a pressure group that defends writers ' freedom of speech , and that was a staunch campaigner for women 's rights . I do n't linger at my first stop , Newquay -- a party-loving gateway to the region 's many beaches -- jumping in a cab and heading north . Fifteen minutes later I 'm at The Scarlet  Tredragon Road , Mawgan Porth , +44 1637 861800  a luxury eco-hotel and spa with an enviable clifftop position overlooking the surfing beach of Mawgan Porth and the epic 1,014-kilometer South West Coast path , one of the world 's most spectacular oceanside hikes . The hotel 's welcoming , relaxed vibe leads into spa treatments in womb-like tents , green technology and paintings by local artists . ` Lovely and lonely ' Next stop is Constantine Bay , a 10-minute bus or car ride northeast along the coast . This wild and windswept arc of sand and rock pools is one of Britain 's best surfing beaches and was once a favorite destination for Margaret Thatcher . We 're in prime Dawson Scott territory here and , although the beach is thronged in summer with splashing families , the book says it 's a "  lovely and lonely bay . " There are great walks in either direction -- to Treyarnon Bay , with its natural swimming pool , across an easy stretch of headland , or Trevose Head Lighthouse and Booby 's Bay which , despite the comedic name , is described by Dawson Scott as "  somewhat eerie . " Back in Constantine Bay , home for the next few nights is Sailaway  from $ 1,389 per week  , a stylish split-level beach retreat that touts itself as eco-friendly . After I settle in , Ben , a sailor whose parents built Sailaway , takes me over the lane to Wastehills . Dawson Scott 's old home , now owned by Ben 's family , is set in lush and tropical gardens that feature a giant tree house . It feels like the haunt of a literary figurehead -- cozy , lived-in , casually elegant and adorned with family photographs . Ben tells me that sometimes he feels a presence in the house , often shutting doors at night only to later find them wide open . Is it , we wonder , the ghost of Dawson Scott ? Later we head to Padstow , a working fishing port on the mouth of the Camel Estuary . Dawson Scott describes this popular seaside town a "  little place with narrow streets all running uphill , " which despite its exposure to the sea "  still contrives to exist . " Bitter/sweet No stranger to unhappy endings , Dawson Scott may have seen doom and destruction here -- "  The Haunting " ends with a ghost-haunted murderer awaiting a soggy fate as waters rise around him in a coastal Cornish cave . Given that she wrote a guidebook to the region , it 's more likely she hoped for a thriving future . She would n't have been disappointed . These days Padstow attracts hordes of foodies headed for local venues such as The Cornish Arms  Churchtown , St. Merryn Padstow , +44 1841 520288  , a dining pub owned by cookery writer Rick Stein . The Michelin-starred Paul Ainsworth at No. 6 ,  6 Middle St. , Padstow , +44 01841 532093  is a converted 18th-century townhouse where I choose from a menu that includes Cornish hake with saffron Milanese , salmon with beetroot and sea emulsion . I finish with a malt espresso crÃ ¨ me brulee with doughnuts -- a perfect blend of bitter and sweet that matches the tone of Dawson Scott 's travel writing . It 's a good moment to savor her verdict of Cornwall . "  There is so much to interest , so much to see -- almost too much it would seem , " she writes . "  But Cornwall is a place to go to again and again , to go to till it seems as your own land . " Perhaps , like the ghosts of her novels , she 's still around doing precisely that . Jini Reddy is a freelance journalist based in the UK . Her writing has appeared in numerous web sites , newspapers and magazines .	With retro carriages , the Night Riviera Sleeper is one of Britain 's last intercity cabin trains South West Coast path is one of the world 's most spectacular ocean-side hikes Despite its comedic name , author Catharine Amy Dawson Scott described Booby 's Bay as "  somewhat eerie "
CNN  -- An explosion and fire at a Mitsubishi Materials chemical plant in central Japan on Thursday afternoon killed five people and injured at least 12 others , Yokkaichi police said . Ealier , the Yokkaichi Fire Department had reported that 17 people had been injured , five critically but did not report any deaths . The incident happened during a maintenance and cleaning operation at the plant , the Mie Prefecture Police Department said . A fire from the blast lasted about 10 minutes , according to police . Yokkaichi is located about 320 Kilometers  200 miles  west-southwest of Tokyo .	NEW : Police say 5 died ; fire officials had said previously that 5 were critically injured The incident happened during a maintenance and cleaning operation , police say The plant is located in Yokkaichi , Japan
London  CNN  -- They are two of Europe 's premier art destinations , filled with treasures amassed over centuries . Now the State Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg is presenting a "  mini-museum " inside the Prado Museum in Madrid , showcasing paintings by Velazquez , Titian and Caravaggio , as well as ancient gold artifacts from Siberia . "  The Hermitage in the Prado " is the second part of an exhibition exchange -- initiated as part of Spain-Russia Dual Year 2011 , dedicated to promoting and strengthening the economic , political , cultural and scientific ties between the two nations -- that saw the Prado exhibiting precious items from its own extensive collection in the State Hermitage Museum in February 2011 . "  It was really the finest show that 's ever come out of the Prado and it reflected the idea of our museum , as it were , nestling inside theirs , " said Gabriele Finaldi , Deputy Director of the Prado Museum and curator of the exhibition . Now some 180 items from the Hermitage 's world-class collection are nestling inside the many galleries of the Prado , ranging from archaeological pieces all the way to modern masterpieces by Kazimir Malevich . But , Finaldi said , this is n't a typical touring exhibition . "  You 've got to remember that the Hermitage has not been visited by many Spaniards and it 's still far away and it 's still mysterious and exotic and we wanted the public to experience something of the special character of it , which is of course a palace as well as a museum , " said Finaldi . Special furniture and ornaments typical to the Hermitage , such as granite vases , were brought in to decorate the galleries to make it look more like the Russian museum , whose collection was begun by the Empress Catherine the Great . In a statement to the press in November , Mikhail Piotrovsky , director of the Hermitage , said : "  With this exhibition , we wanted to tell the story of our museum and its collection and the history of the Tsars . " In addition to the objects collected by the voracious Catherine the Great are ornate Scythian gold objects from the collection of earlier Tsar , Peter the Great . "  Never before has there been an exhibition like this , from and about the Hermitage , abroad , " Piotrovsky continued . Aside from both having world-class collections , Finaldi points out that they have something else in common -- both have their origins as royal collections . "  One can think of Catherine the Great in Russia and Charles the Fourth here in Spain , who collected with a real passion , because they were personally interested but also because they knew it brought glory to the monarchy and to the country , " said Finaldi . "  They 're also the two extremes of Europe , the Hermitage at the very top end and the Prado at the bottom end , so they 're the two extremes of Europe coming together , showing things that are on one level very similar and on another level , very different , " he finished .	State Hermitage Museum displays items from its collection at the Prado Museum in Spain Exhibition is part of a cultural exchange program between Spain and Russia "  The Hermitage in the Prado " show includes fine art paintings and ancient Siberian artifacts Institutions share similarities : Both originally royal collections , both at "  extremes " of Europe
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The shooting at Fort Hood was captured on video by a soldier using his cell phone camera as he hid from the shooter , but he was ordered to erase it , the soldier said Friday . Pfc. Lance Aviles spoke of the video as he testified on the third day of the Article 32 military hearing for Maj. Nidal Hasan , who is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32 in the November 2009 shooting . Aviles said he was told by a non-commissioned officer , who Aviles said was acting on the orders of an officer , to delete the video on the same day of the shooting . He did not describe to the court what the video contained . It was not immediately clear whether the military would look into why the video was ordered deleted . A Fort Hood official , who insisted on anonymity because of the ongoing criminal investigation into the shootings , said , "  Since this matter was raised during the Article 32 hearing , it is for the Article 32 hearing officer to decide whether to make further inquiries to the soldier 's chain of command for additional information . " Aviles also testified that he saw the gunman stop to reload and considered rushing him . But by the time Aviles got up , he said , the shooter "  had already loaded another magazine . So instead of running to him , I ran off to the right . " Hasan , partially paralyzed , was wheeled into the courtroom by a blue-uniformed police officer . Occasionally he used his arms to reposition himself in his chair while listening to the testimony . Spc. Megan Martin , speaking via video from Kandahar , Afghanistan , said she constantly relives the events of the day . She said she was not injured , but "  it was a nightmare that reoccurs every day . " Despite the trauma , she said she did not seek to delay her deployment to Afghanistan . "  I wanted to carry on the mission as my fellow soldiers would have wanted me to , " she said .	NEW : Pfc. Lance Aviles says he was ordered to erase the video Another soldier , speaking from Afghanistan , says the shooting haunts her daily
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A black politician campaigning in eastern Germany has become the victim of a racist campaign by a far-right party . Zeca Schall says he is not thinking of leaving Germany despite the threats . The National Democratic Party of Germany  NPD  says it is trying to persuade Zeca Schall , a German citizen who came from Angola 21 years ago , to leave the country . Schall is a member of the Christian Democratic Union , the party led by German Chancellor Angela Merkel , and has been named as a CDU expert for the integration of minorities . The NPD 's Web site calls Schall the CDU 's "  quota negro " and urges him to leave the country . "  The CDU seems to be realizing that even after years of re-education , negroes can not be accepted as permanent guests in our state , " said the NPD , which goes by its German initials . Watch more about the campaign against Schall " Schall told CNN he had never before been subjected to such a level of racial hatred . "  I am shocked , " he said Thursday at a campaign event in Erfurt , the capital of Thuringia . "  I simply can not believe that people would do this to fellow humans . " Schall , who appears on a CDU election poster , said he is scared . "  I have police patrolling at my house day and night , and some officers stay in my house overnight , " he said . But Schall said he is not thinking of leaving Germany and the CDU said he has the party 's full support . Schall and the CDU said they have filed a lawsuit against the NPD . The situation escalated Wednesday when the NPD 's national leadership held a rally in Schall 's adopted hometown of Hildburghausen . Party Chairman Udo Voigt tried to speak with Schall "  and persuade Mr. Schall that he is needed more in Angola than in Germany , " the NPD said in a news release . Police sent to protect Schall stopped the NPD 's representatives from accessing Schall 's premises . He is campaigning for the CDU for a state election in Thuringia , which is in the former communist East Germany . Right-wing extremism is generally a bigger problem in eastern Germany than in the west of the country , and citizens of Hildburghausen told CNN that , though most people support the politician , fascism is a problem in the area . "  Of course we have a base of right-wingers here , " a passer-by said at the market in the town 's center . But most of those questioned by CNN denounced the campaign against Schall and said he is a respected member of the community . "  I am not only a member of the CDU , I am also a voluntary firefighter at the local department , " Schall said . Frank Schwerdt , the NPD 's leader in Erfurt , tried to downplay the events . "  This is not a personal campaign against Mr. Schall , " Schwerdt said . "  We simply feel that many citizens do n't want foreigners to have a say in our politics . " The NPD has been under surveillance by Germany 's Office for the Protection of the Constitution for alleged contacts with illegal neo-Nazi groups . However , past efforts to ban the party have failed on technical grounds . The NPD denies ties to illegal groups . But members of the Christian Democratic Union told CNN that , since the racist campaign started against Schall , he has received several death threats and the party will no longer allow him to do media interviews because of the risks . At Thursday 's campaign event in central Erfurt , increased police presence was noticeable and CDU members said plainclothes officers had been dispatched among the crowd .	National Democratic Party of Germany trying to persuade Zeca Schall to leave country Schall is a German citizen who came from Angola 21 years ago Schall is a member of the ruling Christian Democratic Union Has received death threats and his party will no longer allow him to do interviews
CNN  -- With at least 1,488 tornadoes and 547 deaths , 2011 has been one for the record books . Although the tools forecasters use are getting better , concerns remain about whether residents have enough accurate information or are heeding warnings . CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras , a committee member of the National Weather Association , is attending its annual meeting this week in Birmingham , Alabama , which was battered by the April 27 tornado outbreak in the Deep South . That day and April 28 saw 187 tornadoes , the largest outbreak in U.S. history . About 600 meteorologists , 150 of them in broadcasting , are at the conference . Before coming to CNN in 1999 , Jeras provided storm information to viewers of four Midwest TV stations . She spoke Tuesday about warning systems , technology and what you can do to safeguard your family . Q . What are some of the key topics at the meeting ? A . The big focus is certainly the tornado outbreak and going back over the data , looking at atmospheric conditions and comparing it to history . With these tornadoes  April 27-28  there was a lot of lead time and warnings . We have been finding that people did n't react right away . A lot of the people did not take to shelters when the alarm went out . There is still a high false alarm rate with tornado warnings . Experts want to know how people in storm areas receive warnings and how they react . Q . What are some lessons from this year of high tornado activity ? A. Forecasting continues to get better . We need to improve communication . People need to know the difference between a watch and warning . You can never let your guard down . Some local meteorologists were heroes in this situation . They saved lives , such as James Spann in Birmingham  CNN affiliate WBMA  . They can help calmly people get through this . You need to watch the local meteorologist your trust . At a national level , we can educate viewers and readers on what is coming . We are there to provide that advance warning . What happened in Birmingham and Tuscaloosa can happen to you . Q . How did April 27 go , from a forecasting and response perspective ? A . The basic consensus is that emergency officials and warning meteorologists did everything right . Warnings were given . Early that morning , there was a huge squall line and it brought terrible wind damage and several tornadoes . There were tens of thousands of people left without power during that time .  Officials  are worried about that loss of power and whether that prevented people getting information they needed . Also , some people thought the early-morning storms were the main event . In this particular outbreak , we saw evidence of the potential for a major outbreak four to five days in advance . The Storm Prediction Center  an arm of NOAA  will issue probabilities of severe events based on models . Three days out for sure they were sending out public information . They knew the bulls-eye was in northern Alabama . People 's responses in taking the storm seriously were really heightened based on the tone of the local broadcast meteorologist . They were saying it was Armageddon , and it was . Q. Are there changes in how warnings are going out from the National Weather Service ? A . In addition to a tornado warning , a tornado emergency is declared when a tornado is confirmed on the ground . Q . What about false warnings ? A . A tornado warning is issued when rotation is shown on Doppler radar or a person or verified storm chaser has actually seen a tornado . How many times do they actually see a tornado out of the rotating storm ? We know it is rotating , but we do n't why some  storms  drop tornadoes and some do n't . People are complacent because there a high percentage of false rates . If it 's a rare event in your event in your town , you are probably less likely to that . Warnings are issued on a county-by-county basis . It 's up to local officials in the county on whether they will sound the sirens . If a severe thunderstorm enters a county and there is a tornado watch in effect some counties will sound a siren . Others will only sound them when there is a tornado warning . Part of the problem is that there is not a national uniform system on what to trigger . Maybe we need to go to a Zip Code system . We can now share a warning to a small part of the county , called a polygon warning . If they send a siren off for the whole county , it increases the perceptions of false warnings . I think there needs to be another type of warning issued for confirmed tornadoes . Maybe they can pulse it , rather than blaring it . Q . What about the forecasting equipment ? A . The National Weather Service is changing its current Doppler radars over to a dual polarimetric Doppler system .  The additional information from vertical radio waves will greatly improve many different types of forecasts and warnings for hazardous weather , the government says .  This radar has a better rate of detection of weaker tornadoes . If you can better detect these , you can reduce false warnings Some bureaus have already been changed over . Q . How has the science changed in your years as a meteorologist ? A. Doppler radar revolutionized it . We are making more progress on the science . We can have all the technology in the world , but if we ca n't communicate it well , or people do n't receive it and respond , that is a problem . Q . What else is helping with preparedness ? A. Social media is the up and coming thing . More and more people are receiving their information from Twitter , Facebook and mobile devices . Sometimes there is false information sent out , so you have to be careful about source information . But if you have signed up for an app that you trust , such information is very accurate . Also , several of those who lost power during the tornadoes said they turned to social media to receive their information . Q . What can an individual do ? A. Preparedness is the key to this . People need to be prepared all year round , especially for the loss of power . Have a NOAA radio with batteries that are fresh . A survey has shown very low percentage of people get information from weather radios . I have tried to remind viewers that it is available . You need to be educated on whether you are at risk , if today is going to be a tornado day . Where is my safe place ? It is the lowest level of your home , away from windows . Cover yourself up . If you are outdoors , you need to know if there is a risk of storms . Know where there is a sturdy building with a bathroom . Where am I going to evacuate ? You need to take that responsibility .	Jeras : There is still a high false alarm rate with tornado warnings "  What happened in Birmingham and Tuscaloosa can happen to you , " Jeras says The weather service is changing its radar to one better detects weaker tornadoes People need to be prepared all year round , Jeras says
CNN  -- Nevada Republican Senate candidate Sharron Angle says in a campaign ad that Democratic incumbent Harry Reid is the "  best friend an illegal alien ever had . " According to her , he tolerates illegal people "  sneaking " across the border and receiving "  illegal Social Security benefits . " One Democratic commercial is n't much better . Rep. Walt Minnick of Idaho has a spot accusing his opponent , Raul Labrador , of helping illegal immigrants stay in the United States and running a website offering advice on how to seek amnesty . Not to be outdone , Delaware GOP candidate Christine O'Donnell calls for "  closing the border . " She argues we need to stop illegal border crossings before any other legislative action is taken on immigration . Explainer : Illegal immigration 101 These and other appeals heard on the campaign trail this year are inflammatory and move the immigration issue in the wrong direction . They are based on erroneous assumptions and misguided arguments . These claims play to popular fears and emotions rather than reasoned debate over the controversy . Similar to the views of many Americans , candidates are exaggerating the cost of immigration and underestimating its benefits . Critics assume we can solve the illegal immigration problem through strict law enforcement and putting more money into border protection . Spending on customs and border security rose from $ 7.4 billion in 2002 to $ 17 billion so far in 2010 , according to the Department of Homeland Security , yet we still have more than 11 million unauthorized immigrants in the United States . Part of the misunderstanding is that 40 percent of those folks are here not through illegal border crossings but from overstaying visas . They came to America through lawful means , but did n't leave when their visas ran out . Half arrived before 2000 , according to research by the Pew Hispanic Center , so tougher border enforcement will not eliminate undocumented visitors . Click for more commentary on timely topics In terms of the drain on government resources , skeptics fail to understand that many illegal immigrants actually pay taxes . They incur sales taxes on purchases , property taxes when they rent or buy homes , income taxes when they are employed , and Social Security payments for jobs . A study by the Social Security Administration , for example , found that undocumented immigrants have contributed an estimated $ 120 billion to $ 240 billion to the Social Security trust fund , even though they are ineligible to receive Social Security benefits . Research by the George W. Bush Council for Economic Advisors estimated that immigrants contributed $ 37 billion annually to the country 's overall economic activity . American cities with the biggest increases in numbers of immigrant workers also have the fastest growing economies . Rather than a drag on economic growth and job creation , as is commonly thought , immigrants help spur economic growth through employment , tax payments and consumer purchases . Immigrants are vital to American innovation and entrepreneurship . They perform jobs in agriculture , hotels , restaurants and constructions that many Americans do n't want . At the high-skilled end , they set up businesses and create high-paying jobs . One quarter of the technology and engineering businesses launched in America between 1995 and 2005 had an immigrant founder . In Silicon Valley , that number was 52.4 percent . These are not isolated stories . Google , Yahoo , eBay , and Intel are among the companies with immigrant founders or co-founders . Where would the U.S. economy be if Google were based in Russia , Yahoo in Taiwan , eBay in France , and Intel in Hungary ? There would be far fewer jobs and much less technology innovation in the United States . To be sure , these ventures have come through the efforts of legal , and not illegal , immigrants . But , some of the crackdowns on undocumented workers , such as the Arizona law , create a chilled climate for those here illegally , possibly persuading other immigrants to take their energy and innovation to other countries . It is time for candidates and political leaders to tell the real story about immigration . Even though illegal immigrants enrage many Americans , it would be prohibitively expensive to deport 11 million people . As a vivid illustration of this point , the Center for American Progress found that mass deportations would cost $ 285 billion over five years , or an average of $ 900 for every American . If people actually are worried about government cost , they should support the creation of a pathway to citizenship based on paying back taxes , learning English and collection of a serious fine for illegal entry . Experts say that a full path to legalization would add $ 1.5 trillion to the American economy over the next decade . It would be cheaper to legalize illegal immigrants than keep them underground and outside the mainstream economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Darrell M. West .	Darrell West : Campaign ads appeal to fears on immigration and spread bad information Illegal immigrants pay taxes , give billions to Social Security but never get benefits , he writes West notes the cost of deporting the 11 million illegal immigrants would be astronomical Path to citizenship would add $ 1.5 trillion to the U.S. economy over 10 years , he says
Ahmed Abu Khatallah has been an enigma since his name first emerged as a possible leader of the Benghazi terrorist attack that killed four Americans . He did n't hide in the months after the September 11 , 2012 , assault on a U.S. diplomatic compound , instead giving media interviews in public , including one with CNN 's Arwa Damon . "  No problem , " he replied in 2013 when Damon asked if he would be willing to meet with U.S. investigators presumably searching for him . "  But not as an interrogation , " he added , suggesting instead "  a conversation , like the one we are having with you now . " It did n't work out that way . More than a year later , U.S. special forces nabbed Abu Khatallah in a weekend mission near Benghazi , the Obama administration announced Tuesday . Under questioning Instead of the conversation he proposed , Abu Khatallah is being questioned before his transfer to the United States to face charges in the Benghazi attack . "  As a general rule , the government will always seek to elicit all the actionable intelligence and information we can from terrorist suspects taken into our custody , " said National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden . The FBI-led High Value Detainee Interrogation Group team , which also includes CIA and military intelligence members , typically conducts such intelligence interviews . On Tuesday , a federal judge unsealed charges filed last year that accuse Abu Khatallah of killing a person in the course of an attack on a federal facility with a firearm and a dangerous weapon , and of attempting and conspiring to provide material support to terrorists resulting in death . The charges , filed in U.S. District Court in Washington , also accuse him of discharging , brandishing , using , carrying and possessing a firearm during and in relation to a crime of violence . Former prisoner under Gadhafi Believed to be in his early 40s , Abu Khatallah emerged from years in prison under the regime of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to form an Islamist militia and later became associated with Ansar al-Sharia , a group U.S. officials blamed for the 2012 attack that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three others . Coming in the midst of a U.S. presidential campaign , the assault ignited a political firestorm . Republican critics of President Barack Obama and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton seized on the vulnerability of the U.S. compound on the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks to accuse the administration of failing to provide proper security . They also alleged a politically inspired coverup when former U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice , now Obama 's national security adviser , went on Sunday talk shows a few days later and blamed the unrest on spontaneous protests against an anti-Muslim video made in America . Such protests occurred in other Middle East region cities that day , but U.S. officials later acknowledged the Benghazi attack was an organized assault instead of simply a spur-of-the-moment demonstration that spiraled out of control . Clinton said Tuesday in a town hall-style event broadcast on CNN that she hoped Abu Khatallah 's capture would bring answers to some of the lingering questions over what happened in Benghazi . "  We want to know who was behind it , what the motivation of the leaders and attackers were , " she said , attributing the lingering lack of information today in part to the "  fog of war " in post-Gadhafi Libya . "  We tried to control traffic " In his interview with CNN 's Damon , Abu Khatallah offered little explanation for what happened or his exact role . "  I did n't know where the place was , " he said , aided by a translator . "  When I heard , we went to examine the situation . When we withdrew and there was shooting with medium guns and there were RPG 's in the air and people panicked , we tried to control traffic . " A New York Times investigation cited multiple witnesses in Benghazi who described Abu Khatallah as playing a leading role in the attack . In the CNN interview , Damon asked if anyone from the American or Libyan government tried to get in touch with Abu Khatallah afterward , and he responded : "  Never . " To Damon , Abu Khatallah sounded confident at the time , rather than like someone facing an international investigation . He also made clear his sentiments on al Qaeda , the terrorist network linked to Ansar al-Sharia , which means "  Supporters of Sharia . " "  Al Qaeda is not something to be afraid of , " he said . "  Al Qaeda is people who are devout about protecting their religion and their people . America is the terrorist . " What took so long ? His public appearances last year and the subsequent months that passed until his capture caused GOP critics to question what took so long . They hope to use the Benghazi issue against Clinton , the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic presidential nomination if she decides to run . Asked Tuesday about why it took so long to get Abu Khatallah , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said the important thing was that the mission accomplished its goal with no American casualties . He and other officials have emphasized that building a criminal case against a terror suspect for an attack in a foreign country is challenging and takes time . A law enforcement source also told CNN that Abu Khatallah went into hiding following media interviews he gave last year . "  What matters is not that it took a matter of time to get him , but that we got him , " Kirby said . "  And I ca n't speak for his living habits . But let 's just say for argument 's sake he was living in plain sight . He 's not anymore . " Captured key Benghazi suspect will face U.S. criminal courts What to know about the consulate attacks Timeline of the Benghazi attacks Slain ambassador died ` trying to help build a better Libya ' Ex-SEALs , online gaming maven among Benghazi dead	Ahmed Abu Khatallah denied to CNN last year that he led the Benghazi attack He was imprisoned under Moammar Gadhafi , then formed an Islamist militia Do n't fear al Qaeda , he told CNN 's Arwa Damon He is being brought to the United States to face charges
To mark the end of Islam 's holiest month , Iftikhar Ali will head not to a mosque but to a convention center guarded by law enforcement officers . That 's because this month , during Ramadan , the mosque in Joplin , Missouri , burned to the ground . Its rubble smoldered for two days as a shocked Muslim community came to terms with what had happened . "  I think there are a few people who do n't like anybody , " Ali said . "  They do n't like a different color than their color or different religions . " Ali , who is the president of the Joplin mosque , said the congregation rented a convention center so people would have a place to pray and celebrate Eid al-Fitr , the feast that marks the end of fasting for Ramadan . My Take : How evangelicals could grow to love Muslims Authorities are still investigating the mosque burning but suspect the fire was intentional . In July , a surveillance camera caught a man throwing an incendiary device onto the building that damaged part of the roof . Ahead of Eid , Ali said he contacted the police and sheriff 's department . They are sending extra officers Sunday . It 's that way across America , after a spate of violence at Islamic centers in recent weeks that included a homemade bomb and pigs parts . At least seven mosques and one cemetery were attacked in America during Ramadan , according to groups that track such incidents . "  This is unprecedented in its scale and scope , " said Ibrahim Hooper , spokesman for the civil rights and advocacy group , Council on American-Islamic Relations . He said Muslims have not been under attack like this since the backlash after the September 11 attacks and the immediate aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing when it was assumed the work of Islamic extremists . Just Thursday , Ahmed Rehab , the head of the council in Chicago , received a call from a young man visiting his father 's grave at Evergreen Cemetery . Someone had desecrated several Muslim graves . The Prophet Mohammed 's name was taken in vain and , a black marker scrawling on a tombstone screamed : "  raghead , " a derogatory term for Muslims that stems from head coverings like turbans and kaffiyas . A few days earlier , police arrested 51-year-old David Conrad and accused him of firing a pellet gun at a mosque filled with 500 people in Morton Grove , southern Chicago suburb . No one was injured but worshipers said one of the bullets flew only inches above a security guard 's head , according to CNN affiliate station WGN . Conrad is a neighbor and had previously spoken out against the expansion of the mosque . He was charged with four felonies . In a third Chicago-area incident , worshipers at an Islamic school in Lombard heard a loud noise outside of the building during night prayers . They then found a 2-liter soda bottle filled with acid . Police identified it as a homemade bomb . No was injured in that incident , either , but on the heels of the carnage at the Sikh temple in suburban Milwaukee , and the burning of the Joplin mosque , Muslims in the United States were fearful . The temple shooter died and his motives may never be known . But he was linked to white supremacist groups and Hooper said many people felt the Sikhs were mistaken for Muslims because of their turbans and beards . In Murfreesboro , Tennessee , a new mosque opened this month after more than two years of community protests , legal hurdles and vandalism . The board of directors planned for extra security . Tennessee mosque opens after 2 years of controversy When worshipers bow their heads in prayer Sunday , someone else will be scanning the room . "  Yes , we are very concerned because we have been the subject of vandalism , arson , bomb threats , intimidation , bullying , " said Saleh Sbenaty , a board member of the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro . "  You call it , " he said . "  Every single act of intimidation , you know , was actually inflicted upon us . " Hooper , the spokesman for the Islamic Council , said Muslims in the United States have been asked to exercise caution . The council released a tip sheet on security : know your emergency responders , post observers , report threats , install surveillance cameras . Hooper said anti-Muslim rhetoric has been building for years , especially from groups formed specifically to fight against Islam in the United States . "  Anti-Muslim hate groups are a relatively new phenomenon in the United States , most of them appearing in the aftermath of the World Trade Center terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 , " according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks such groups . "  Earlier anti-Muslim groups tended to be religious in orientation and disputed Islam 's status as a respectable religion , " the center said . Hooper , for one , believes there 's an "  Islamophobia machine working out there . " "  Eventually and inevetiably , it 's going to have an impact on the tiny minority of people willing to carry out acts of violence , " he said . Rehab of CAIR 's Chicago office also blamed the spike in incidents on government officials who he said were involved in fear-mongering . He cited statements made by Republican congressman Joe Walsh of Illinois who warned Americans that "  there is a radical strain of Islam in this country "  and that radicals are "  trying to kill Americans every week . " Justin Roth , Walsh 's chief of staff , said the lawmaker 's comments were taken out of context and that Walsh is troubled by attacks on any people based on their religion . Nevertheless , the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee blamed Walsh for the homemade bomb incident . "  It is not a coincidence that after the remarks by Rep. Walsh were made that there was a homemade bomb directed at an Islamic school ... " the committee said . "  The facts are clear -- By proclaiming to the public that ` Muslims are trying to kill Americans every week , ' Walsh raised suspicion of the American Muslim community and incited fear . " There were other troubling incidents this month : -- In Hayward , California , police arrested two teens and charged them with committing a hate crime after worshipers said the boys threw lemons at worshipers during prayer . -- In Ontario , California , pig legs were left on the property of an Islamic Center . Police still do not have information on who was responsible for the act , which was particularly offensive during Ramadan to practicing Muslims who consider pigs as unclean . -- In North Smithfield , Rhode Island , a surveillance camera outside the Masjid Al-Islam mosque showed a suspect breaking the building 's sign and two vehicles later fleeing the property . -- In Oklahoma City , vandals defaced the Grand Mosque with paintball guns . Those inside the mosque feared the shots came from a real gun . In Joplin , the torched mosque 's 90 congregants invited 300 other people to join them Sunday for Eid . "  I still feel secure , " said Ali , the mosque president , though he knows a pall has been cast by all the attacks . He said the attacks on his community are instigated by a few ignorant people . He came to these shores from Pakistan 23 years ago and still believes in the principles of this nation . "  This is un-American , " he said of the mosque fire . "  I 'm not afraid of any neighbors . I feel more secure here in America than anywhere else in the world . " He said all Muslims have a right to practice their faith without fear . On this Eid , that may not happen in some houses of worship in America Iftar in the South : Muslims gather for breaking of Ramadan fast	Attacks on Islamic centers spiked across America during the holy month of Ramadan Many Muslims are fearful as they celebrate Eid al-Fitr in the United States The fear was heightened by the carnage at the Sikh temple and the burning of a Missouri mosque An Islamic advocacy group has asked mosques to beef up security Sunday for Eid
CNN  There 's only one way to start an interview with Joan Fontcuberta . Why , I ask him , should I believe a word he says ? "  I like that question , " says the pre-eminent Spanish conceptual artist , when we meet in the café at London 's Science Museum . "  I believe that doubting is the first step to rational knowledge . Not doubting implies submission , which is dangerous . " If truth be told , there are more reasons to doubt Fontcuberta than anyone else . After all , this is the man who has pranked , dodged and bamboozled his way to the top of the art world . Fake files In 1987 , in an exhibition called Fauna , he pretended that he had stumbled across the hidden archives of a German zoologist called Dr Peter Ameisenhaufen , which contained samples of animals previously unknown to science . Ten years later , he convinced the world that a Russian cosmonaut had been lost in space in 1967 , and the disappearance covered up . The hoax fooled Spanish TV , which reported it as fact before realizing that the cosmonaut 's name , Ivan Istochnikov , was a Russian translation of the artist 's own name . And at the age of 59 , the diminutive , bearded Fontcuberta has lost none of his enthusiasm for "  playing with conceptions of authority " . Last month he pretended to "  curate " an exhibition in Paris called the Trepat Collection , which mixed genuine photographs from the Forties and Fifties with his own pastiche , passing it all off as a single archive . From now to November , the Science Museum -- that bastion of empiricism -- is hosting a major retrospective exhibition of Fontcuberta 's work , entitled Stranger than Fiction . It starts with taxidermy , including a squirrel with a snake 's tail and a winged goat ; moves on to photographs of "  constellations " that are actually specks of dust on a car windscreen ; and ends with pictures of the artist himself performing "  miracles " , such as levitation , in the garb of a Christian monk . The exhibition is visually arresting , subversively humorous , and infernally clever . It is also deeply unsettling . So what is it about Fontcuberta that makes him so intent on fooling the world ? Explosive moment "  When I was 13 , I was experimenting in chemistry and I blew up my hand , " he says , sipping espresso . "  I was interested in testing things , and was building rockets with gunpowder . Pyrotechnical stuff . It was wonderful , very effective . But one Sunday my parents were away traveling , and I was alone with my cousin . "  And I blew up my hand . "  Psychologically , this was very strong . It changed my whole life . I started hiding my hand so people did n't see my problem , which produced very complex human relationships . Life became about multiple truths . " Because of his damaged hand , he continues , he was excluded from military service , giving him "  time to play with photography " . As he could n't handle the camera quickly , photojournalism was out . So he became a "  meditative photographic artist " . He shows me the stump of his left index finger . I am skeptical . He has told other journalists that he lost his finger while building a "  homemade bomb " . Is he taking me for a ride -- or them ?  Or has this interview made me paranoid ? "  Well , you could consider it a bomb , " he says . "  Half and half . I used to make explosive artifacts and throw them out of the window . I also did underwater explosives with sodium . I made miniature submarines and ships , and blew them up with mines . " The world of Joan Fontcuberta is strange indeed . Propaganda machine Bombs and rockets aside , it was the political climate in which he came of age that informed Fontcuberta 's career . Prior to 1975 , Franco ruled Spain as a dictatorship . The climate of repression and the ubiquity of propaganda in Fontcuberta 's childhood led him to a preoccupation with challenging authority in all its forms . "  Franco is no longer the enemy , but to me he was just one particular historical manifestation of authoritarianism , " he says . "  I struggle against every type of authority , in religion , science , politics , and art . I do n't believe in hierarchies . " Does that make him a Socialist ? "  I am a bizarre combination of socialism with anarchy thrown in , " he says . "  But I 'm also a pragmatist . I recognize that a representative democracy is necessary . But it has risks , and we must keep paying attention to the system . That 's why I call myself an anarchist . I 'm trying to fix the problems of authoritarianism that might occur in a representative democracy . " An irreverent eye He illustrates this by citing photography . Documentary photojournalism , he says , is valuable as an "  eye in the distance " , showing people things to which they otherwise would never be exposed . His role is that of the "  oculist " , ensuring that the eye remains accurate by questioning the veracity of what it shows us . Religion is a favorite target . Although he was brought up a Catholic , as a teenager he experimented with Zen and other alternative religions , before becoming a committed agnostic . "  The reason I often joke about religious belief is that it brings us to dogma , and to me dogma is stupidity , " he says . "  I do n't agree with faith . I think we should keep a questioning mind . " So what next for Fontcuberta ? "  I have lots of ideas and not enough time , " he says . "  People often get angry with me , and accuse me of being a liar . But I never lie . I just create ambiguities and encourage people to question things . " He sighs , and drains his coffee . "  My mother is always warning me that one day I will finish in jail . But I have more trust in humanity than that . " Joan Fontcuberta : Stranger than Fiction is showing at the Science Museum , London , from 23 July -- 9 November 2014 Touch it , you know you want to . The hands-on world of digital art Picasso 's painting unearths a secret Sexy and sophisticated : China 's iconic dress When ` Desperate Housewives ' meets Tim Burton in a bakery from hell	The Science Museum hosts first major UK exhibition of Joan Fontcuberta 's controversial photography Known for playing with reality and fiction , the artist has fooled institutions with his ` false ' records of strange animals Fusing science with storytelling , Stranger than Fiction promises to delve deep into the mind of a renowned prankster
CNN  -- Retired Gen. Colin Powell has a choice blend of political and military experience , and many thought he 'd make a great president , but Powell said Wednesday that he just did n't have it in him . Colin Powell , left , embraces Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel at the inauguration Tuesday . His wife , Alma , had feared that such an endeavor would change their family life . She also had concerns about Powell 's safety , he said Wednesday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  But I was a soldier . That was n't my concern , " he said . "  I never found inside of me the internal passion that you 've got to have to run for elected office . " Many GOP pundits had hoped Powell , who served as secretary of state under President George W. Bush and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Bush 's father and President Clinton , would make a run at the Oval Office . The former four-star general and Vietnam War veteran 's military credentials are staunch , rivaled only by his accomplishments as a statesman . Watch Powell explain why the White House was n't for him " In addition to chairing the Joint Chiefs , the lifelong Republican served as national security adviser under President Reagan and oversaw the 1989 invasion of Panama that toppled Gen. Manuel Noriega as well as Operation Desert Storm during the 1991 Gulf War . He has two Presidential Medals of Freedom to his name . As Bush 's secretary of state , he spearheaded efforts to increase U.S. foreign assistance throughout the world , and he helped develop Bush 's HIV/AIDS prevention and treatment program , which is credited with being the largest such endeavor ever . However , Powell drew heavy criticism over his remarks before the United Nations that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction . Powell made the assertion while attempting to convince the world body that the U.S. should go to war with Iraq . Powell abruptly retired from Bush 's Cabinet in 2005 , but he did not cite his time a secretary of state Wednesday when explaining why he never sought the presidency . "  I never woke up a single morning to go think about this , to talk to people about it and find in my heart and soul the passion that a Barack Obama or a John McCain or a George Bush or a Bill Clinton had , " he said . "  It just was n't me , and you 've got to be true to yourself , and I 've tried to be true to myself . " The stance is not new for Powell , who held a news conference in November 1995 to announce that he would not run for president . "  To offer myself as a candidate for president requires a commitment and a passion to run the race and to succeed in the quest , " he said then , "  a passion and commitment that , despite my every effort , I do not yet have for political life , because such a life requires a calling that I do not yet hear . " No stranger to advising presidents , Powell told CNN that Obama has a great deal of work ahead . Not only does he have to deal with the crisis du jour -- like righting the economy at home -- he needs to keep his eyes on crises abroad while never foregoing long-range planning . Watch what Powell says Obama must do " "  You can never avoid it , " he said . "  Once you 're the president , every crisis comes to your desk , and you have to deal with it . ... But that does n't mean that you ca n't stand back and look farther out . " Repairing America 's broken image and poverty alleviation -- both at home and abroad -- will pose major challenges , he said , and both have wide-ranging implications . Poverty incubates terror , and it is incumbent upon the U.S. to stamp out the hunger , unemployment and illiteracy that breed suicide bombers and other insurgents , Powell said . He called poverty alleviation "  one of the most important challenges facing the world . " "  For those of us who are wealthy , we should reach out not only to our own citizens who need help , but the rest of the world , " he said . "  If you want to get rid of sources of terrorism , if you want to get people moving in the right direction , you 've got to help them get jobs , clean water , health care for their kids , educate their kids -- and America has a great responsibility to do this . " Obama also needs to consider what other nations think of the U.S. and help repair the American reputation . The challenge is daunting , but Powell said America 's good standing is "  recoverable . " The sea of diverse faces in attendance at Obama 's inauguration ceremony speaks to the reverence that America still enjoys in the world , said the son of Jamaican immigrants and father of three . If Obama can turn the economy around and rectify situations in Iraq and other parts of the Middle East , he will begin repairing the nation 's image , "  because there 's still a solid , residual level of affection and respect for the United States of America . " But Powell acknowledges that his former boss and Obama 's predecessor made things difficult . "  Iraq and the Guantanamo situation -- which I have been preaching for years should have been closed years ago -- Abu Ghraib and a lack of progress in the Middle East and a certain way in which we deal with the world on international issues , I think damaged our reputation with the world , " he said . Obama is off to a good start , he said , and is doing the right thing by reaching across the aisle for help . It was gracious of Obama to hold a dinner in Sen. John McCain 's honor after a testy campaign and gracious of McCain to accept , and Powell said he hopes that spirit will permeate Obama 's presidency . Powell conceded , though , that bipartisanship wo n't always be the answer to Obama 's problems and said the 44th president will need to rely on the wisdom of those who forged the country more than two centuries ago . "  We 're supposed to be a partisan country . That 's the way the founding fathers intended for us to move forward , " he said . "  People have strong views on both sides of an issue . Argue it out . Fight it out , just like they did in that summer of 1787 when they were writing the Constitution -- and then ultimately both sides make compromises in order to achieve consensus , and then you move the country forward . " CNN 's John Roberts contributed to this report .	Powell : I just did n't have the passion that a Barack Obama or George Bush has Many in GOP felt former Joint Chiefs chairman , secretary of state could be president Poverty "  one of the most important challenges facing the world , " ex-general says Iraq , Guantanamo , Abu Ghraib among factors damaging U.S. reputation in world
Right on schedule , singer Lauryn Hill reported to federal prison on Monday to begin a three-month sentence for failing to pay federal income taxes . The musician and mother of six pleaded guilty last year to three counts of failing to file tax returns on more than $ 1.8 million from 2005 to 2007 . The Grammy winning artist was sentenced to three months in federal prison , which she 'll serve at a low security female facility in Danbury , Connecticut . Hill has sold millions of albums -- 16 , to be exact -- but when she appeared before a judge in May , she said that she lives modestly considering the amount of money her music has earned for others . "  Someone did the math , and it came to around $ 600 million , " she said at the time . "  And I sit here before you trying to figure out how to pay a tax debt ? If that 's not like enough to slavery , I do n't know . " The U.S. attorney 's office said that the income in question was earned mainly from music and film royalties that were paid to companies she owned from 2005 to 2008 . According to the prosecutor , the sentence handed down "  also takes into account additional income and tax losses for 2008 and 2009 -- when she also failed to file federal returns -- along with her outstanding tax liability to the state of New Jersey , for a total income of approximately $ 2.3 million and total tax loss of approximately $ 1,006,517 . " After her three-month prison stint , Hill was also sentenced to three months of home confinement and a year of supervised probation . She 'll also have to pay penalties , the taxes still owed and a $ 60,000 fine .	Lauryn Hill reported to federal prison on Monday The singer has been sentenced to three months for failing to pay her income taxes She pleaded guilty last year to three counts of tax evasion on more than $ 1.8 million Hill is serving her sentence at a low-security facility in Connecticut
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Director Barry Levinson is the star of his new film . Well , almost . Director Barry Levinson sizes up politics and media in his new film , "  PoliWood . " In the Academy Award-winning filmmaker 's new documentary "  PoliWood , " Levinson takes a look at the world of policymakers and screen actors and ends up voicing his own ideas in the process . "  The fact that my voice is in it always scares me to death , because I never like to be on camera , period , " Levinson said .  The "  Rain Man " director has appeared in a handful of films , notably the Robert Redford-directed "  Quiz Show . " In "  PoliWood , " Levinson follows a group of politically active actors to the Democratic and Republican conventions as they take in the theater of it all . The journey leads to President Obama 's inauguration . "  PoliWood " also explores the idea that the media have become confusing catalysts that blur the lines of reality and myth . Television , which was once a romanticized invention that brought entertainment and public service announcements into our homes , is now a portal for manipulating what we see , feel and think , in the film 's presentation . CNN talked to Levinson about the politics of the media , Hollywood actors supporting candidates and "  PoliWood . " CNN : Tell me about the celebrity-politician-media link . Barry Levinson : Well , I think what happened is , you have this television screen , and everything has to go through that screen -- and at a certain point , I do n't think that we can tell the difference between the celebrity and the politician . They both have to entertain us in some fashion . That 's why I think , in second half of the 20th century , you saw this kind of change where John F. Kennedy was probably the first television politician . He came across , he was good-looking , he was great in the way he spoke ; he had a certain sense of humor . Then you had Reagan . Someone looked at him giving a speech for Goldwater and said , you know , he could be a politician . Two years after that , he became governor of California . So anyone that is pleasant enough on television suddenly gets credentials , whether they have earned it or not . And there 's that blurring of it between celebrity and politics and everything else . CNN : Do you think that most celebrities have a good understanding of the politicians they support , or do some just jump on the bandwagon ? Levinson : I think "  PoliWood " shows it in some ways and talks about it . But basically , to be honest , there is no upside for any actor to be politically involved other than the fact that they are concerned citizens . It does n't benefit their career at all . The term "  celebrity " is sort of a bogus term , though , in a lot of ways . CNN : Why ? Levinson : Well because Paris Hilton and Susan Sarandon , they 're both celebrities , but Paris Hilton has n't ever really done anything , in a way . Susan Sarandon has been an actress whose done a lot of different roles , been around a long time , has been politically active , extremely smart and knowledgeable about that . But there 's two women , they get exposure , but there 's a huge difference between that . Some have earned it ; some get that attention just by the way they look or the way they have carried on in public . CNN : There 's a scene in "  PoliWood " where actors sit down with regular people , and they talk about relating to one another . Levinson : Well , how is that so-called celebrities -- how would they possibly relate to the ordinary person ? But 90 percent of them come from those families -- they come out of the Midwest or the South or the Northeast . They come out of working-class families primarily . And because of the nature of America , that if you have certain dreams , and ultimately those dreams can in fact come true , they benefited by the society that they live in . But their roots come from all these small towns around the country , so of course they can relate . CNN : Do you think the Democratic and Republican conventions are pure theater ? Levinson : Oh , absolutely . There 's no political content that takes place at a political convention . It used to be that they would hammer out a platform . You know , there 's all kind of back-room meetings , so now it 's a show . It is a show both places . CNN : What do you think of President Obama ? Levinson : He obviously is great on TV , and he is extremely smart , and so what we 're gon na see as it goes down the road , what changes does he actually bring about ? How does he work with Congress ? All of those particular issues . He understands TV , and he 's a great communicator . Now , will he be good or bad ? We 'll see what happens in a four-year period from someone who has great capabilities -- where does it all go ? It 's too early to determine that . CNN : Do you watch much television , or do you have a cynical view about it ? Levinson : I try to watch TV like anyone else . I like to tune in just to see what new shows are out there . And then there are certain shows that I just get infuriated over . And then there are so-called political shows that I have a difficult time with . And sometimes I sit , and images are flying by so fast in some of these pieces , I 'm going , "  What is that about ? " I 've no idea . It looks like a collision of images on the screen .	Barry Levinson 's new film looks at how TV has influenced politics Levinson : Hard to tell politician and entertainer apart on television "  Rain Man " director observes celebrities , ordinary people try to relate
CNN  Opening statements in the murder trial of movie theater massacre suspect James Holmes are scheduled for April 27 , more than a month ahead of schedule , a Colorado court spokesman said . Holmes , 27 , is charged as the sole gunman who stormed a crowded movie theater at a midnight showing of "  The Dark Knight Rises " in Aurora , Colorado , and opened fire , killing 12 people and wounding 58 more in July 2012 . When the trial began in January , some 9,000 potential jurors were summoned , and jury selection was expected then to continue until May or June , when the trial would finally start . The jury selection process , however , appears to be moving faster than expected , according to court spokesman Rob McCallum . In January , Judge Carlos A. Samour Jr. told the first pool of potential jurors that if chosen for the jury , they can not read , watch or hear anything about the case . "  This will require great effort on your part , " the judge said three times . Holmes , a one-time neuroscience doctoral student , faces 166 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges . Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . If convicted of the most serious charges , he could face a death sentence . Prosecutors have charged in court that Holmes "  intended to kill them all , " referring to patrons in the crowded cinema watching the Batman film "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Holmes colored his hair a comic-book red and told police he was "  The Joker " upon arrest after the mass killing . Holmes was heavily armed and "  dressed head-to-toe in protective gear , " authorities said . He wore black contact lenses to conceal his eyes . His AR-15 jammed during the shooting , police said , and they arrested him in the parking lot . The trial itself could last four months . If there 's a conviction , the death penalty phase could last another month , which means court proceedings could last until fall . CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	Opening statements on April 27 would be a month ahead of an earlier schedule James Holmes , 27 , faces 166 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges .
For more than 30 years , "  Reading Rainbow " has taught children in America to love books . By Wednesday , that love had come back in the form of $ 6.4 million in donations . The funds raised in a Kickstarter campaign to expand the digital presence of what started as an educational public television show burst the seams , broke the dam and went through the roof . Actor LeVar Burton had hoped to raise just $ 1 million in five weeks ' time to create a Web version of Reading Rainbow 's popular tablet app , then give access to it for free to underprivileged classrooms . It took 11 hours to meet that goal , when he launched the campaign on May 28 . And the donations kept gushing in . "  It was humbling , stunning and a good story , " Burton has said . When the fundraiser closed out Wednesday , more than 105,000 people had given $ 5.4 million , and whopping generosity by another celebrity added a chunk to that pile . Last week , comedian and "  Family Guy " creator Seth MacFarlane pledged to match donations in the last five days of the campaign up to $ 1 million . Donors made sure he ponied up the whole sum . Born on TV "  Reading Rainbow " made its debut in 1983 on public television with a simple idea : Use the medium to keep kids reading during summer by urging them to "  take a look " in a book . The popular public television show ended its run in 2009 , but Burton , the host , stuck with child literacy and the ideas behind the beloved show . Viewers moved to digital media . The Rainbow joined them , and the app was born . Burton has said the new tools funded by the campaign will allow more children and educators to use "  Reading Rainbow " materials . The Web version will be accessible through a paid subscription , but Burton aims to provide it for free to disadvantaged classrooms and hopes the Web-based version will meet the needs of teachers and homeschoolers . It will include lesson plans and tools to track students ' reading progress . What makes a good story has n't changed much since "  Reading Rainbow 's " debut , Burton has said . Technology has . So , Burton also plans to use part of the donations to spread digital offerings to mobile phones and video game consoles . Inspired by ` Roots ' Burton said he realized the power of TV as a medium for educating and informing viewers when he played Kunta Kinte on the "  Roots " miniseries , based on Alex Haley 's novel about slavery . The story captured the nation as millions tuned in to watch the miniseries that during the late 1970s gave dignity to the experience of African-Americans . Decades later , after reading a book on an iPad for the first time , he saw the potential to create an interactive reading experience . Burton acquired the rights to the "  Reading Rainbow " brand and created his company , RRKidz . He envisioned an app that could interact with the audience in ways the show never could . He launched it in 2012 , and in its first 18 months , users read 10 million books , making it the No. 1 free educational app in the iTunes store for two years . "  I wanted to put in the hands of kids a library of books and videos , like the TV show did , all in the service of inspiring a love of literature and exploring the world -- connecting the real world to the literature that kids are reading , " said Burton , who received the Impact Award for his efforts to instill "  a lifelong love of reading in children " during Children 's Book Week . Burton has said that he would like underserved children to have access to more diverse books . He believes that they should be able to see themselves in characters that appear in literature they read . Dire need Reading Rainbow expands into a growing literary desert among youths in the United States . In the last 30 years , children and adolescents say they have spent markedly less of their recreational time with books , according to research by advocacy group Common Sense Media . On his TV show , Burton became a trusted friend to children , parents and educators , recommending a variety of books and taking viewers on book-related field trips . He invited kids to recommend books in a segment , using the famous line , "  but you do n't have to take my word for it . " It was his cue to children to pick up a book themselves . Burton hopes more of them who should read more often will be able to soon .	More than 105,000 people donated over $ 5.4 million Comedian Seth McFarland pledged another $ 1 million Actor LeVar Burton 's goal was to collect $ 1 million to spread Reading Rainbow 's digitally The goal was met 11 hours after the campaign kicked off
CNN  -- Some people go to desperate measures when they see a snake , any snake . But for a Texas homeowner , an impromptu anti-snake solution -- set that repulsive reptile on fire -- came back to bite . Big time . Six fire crews in eastern Texas had to respond this week as a house burned , with the unidentified owner blaming the blaze on a blazing snake . The homeowner in the Liberty-Eylau area south of Texarkana had spotted what was described as a large black snake , and decided to do something about it . "  She just did n't like snakes , I guess , " Liberty-Eylau Fire Chief David Wesslehoft told CNN on Friday , in something of an understatment . The woman said she poured gasoline on the snake , which apparently was then set afire by her son , according to Wesslehoft . Then things really got hot . The snake fled to a brush pile between two homes . The brush ignited , sending flames through tall , dry grass toward the residences , officials said . "  The house is on fire , " a 911 caller said . "  Could you hurry up , please ? " A brick home the woman had recently purchased to move into was a complete loss , said Bowie County Sheriff 's Deputy Randall Baggett . The other home , which she also owned , suffered 20 % damage . The fire was being investigated . The snake 's fate was not known . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Fire crews respond to 911 call Wednesday evening They find Texas homes on fire Blaze apparently results from snake set afire
CNN  -- Golden , Colorado , got its name because of its role in the Gold Rush , but these days the land of gold has gone green . As demand grows for clean energy , scientists are compiling data in this Rocky Mountain city just outside of Denver , looking for a 21st century kind of discovery . "  Golden started with gold mining but now we 're mining another kind of gold from the sun , " said Ron Judkoff , program manager at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory . "  We 're completely dedicated to green , sustainable technology . " This year marks the 40th anniversary of Earth Day , and the scientists at NREL are working to make energy cheaper , more efficient and more reliable -- as well as greener . In the Green Solutions in Focus series , CNN photojournalists look at solutions to address the issues affecting the planet -- and the environmentally conscious people who are trying to make a difference in their neighborhoods and beyond . In Vermont , dairy farmers participating in the Stoneyfield Farm Greener Cow Project are experimenting with methods to reduce bovine greenhouse gas emissions . Cows ' silent burps release the potent greenhouse gas methane , said Stoneyfield Farm 's Nancy Hirchberg . By increasing the Omega-3 fatty acid in their diet , the cows produce less methane and more nutritious milk . See how farmers are adjusting their cows ' diets In New York 's Westchester County , Ston Barns Center is finding it can make cozy bedding for their Berkshire pigs by recycling their cardboard and paper waste . "  We have a lot of paper products that come in ... so we were able to actually start shredding that and using it for bedding , " livestock manager Craig Haney said . "  It 's a way for the pigs to have a good experience while inside and reduce our carbon footprint by taking care of a lot of cardboard that 's coming in and ending up with some great compost in the end . Seems like a winner for everybody . " Watch the pigs enjoying their bedding In New York City , Brooklyn filmmaker Garret Fannelly is using energy-efficient lighting , digital media cards and recycling to reduce his group 's effect on the environment . "  My hopes for the film industry is that it continues on this path of greening all their sets , " he said . See how Fannelly is helping the environment And at Washington , D.C. 's School Without Walls , the Alliance to Save Energy is teaching students simple steps to make their homes more ecofriendly and energy efficient while inspiring them to consider environmental careers . "  I 'm finding in my own life , I 'm educating people around me , " one student said . "  Bringing some of the things that I learned in class today to the administration could help the school for years to come . " Watch students learn ways to save energy More stories in the Green Solutions in Focus series include : Eating rays may save Chesapeake Bay Hybrid tugboat helps port cut emissions ` Home Depot meets the Salvation Army ' ` Tulip Man ' brings joy to neighborhood More In Focus series : Working on the Night Shift Giving in Focus Veterans in Focus	This year marks the 40th anniversary of Earth Day Green Solutions in Focus series looks at solutions to issues affecting the planet In Vermont , dairy farmers are experimenting with ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
CNN  -- America 's top technology companies have approval ratings that most politicians can only dream of , according to a new poll . And Google , not Apple , is the ultimate object of our digital affection . A robust 82 % of Americans have a favorable opinion of Google , and 53 % have "  strongly favorable " thoughts about the Web titan , according to an ABC News/Washington Post poll released last last week . The reigning king of Web search , Google has expanded its empire in the past few years , adding its Android mobile operating system and Google Plus networking site to already popular features like Google Maps and Gmail . Only 9 % of respondents to the poll , conducted from March 28-April 1 , held an unfavorable view of Google , while 10 % had no opinion . Google 's results put the company squarely ahead of Apple which tallied an impressive 74 % favorable rating in their own right . At 13 % , Apple 's negatives were slightly higher than Google 's . In an analysis of results , pollsters noted that "  the time is ripe for this sort of assessment , given these companies ' envied positions in the marketplace . " While phones running Google 's Android system represent the majority of the world 's smartphones , no single phone has come anywhere near the popularity of Apple 's iPhone . And the iPad -- the latest incarnation of which went on sale last month , continues to dominate the tablet computer market . Both Google and Apple fared best with wealthier respondents . In fact , in households earning more than $ 100,000 a year , 93 % of respondents expressed a favorable opinion of Google , 91 % of Apple . The results suggest that recent public-relations dings that both companies have taken have n't soured large chunks of their audiences . Over the years , Google 's near omnipresence online has prompted privacy concerns . Most recently , critics , including some federal regulators and U.S. Congress members , objected to a revamped Google privacy policy that pulls user-activity data from the company 's multiple products together to create a single user profile . And while Apple raked in a record $ 46.3 billion last quarter , some have complained that virtually all of its products are manufactured in China . Most notably , Foxconn , the manufacturing partner that makes the iPhone and iPad , has been hit with complaints of harsh working conditions . In an increasingly tech-centric culture , the poll results suggest consumers may be willing to overlook negative news -- even news that impacts them directly -- if they 're happy with their digital experiences . "  The services in question , after all , are n't just services ; they are , at this point , everyday and intimate components of people 's lives , " wrote Megan Garber of The Atlantic . "  They are , increasingly , implicit . " Facebook , the near ubiquitous social network , did n't fare as well as the top two companies , although with 58 % favorable responses , it still has enough votes to get re-elected . But 28 % of respondents had an unfavorable view of Facebook -- twice as many as Apple and nearly three times as many as Google . And for all its popularity among celebrities and in tech circles , Twitter limped in a distant fourth . Just 34 % of respondents viewed Twitter favorably , with 36 % holding unfavorable views and 31 % having no opinion of the micro-blogging site . The poll was conducted by landline and cell phone among a random national sample of 1,007 U.S. adults . Results have a margin of error of 3.5 points .	Poll : Google more popular than Apple , but both are well-liked 82 % of Americans have favorable view of Google , according to survey Apple = 74 % favorable , Facebook = 58 % , Twitter = 34 %
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama 's decision to reject roughly $ 85 million in public financing -- as well as the strict spending limits that would accompany those funds -- did not come as a surprise to most political observers . The decision was criticized by his opponent , some Democrats and public interest groups . But does the public really care ? Probably not . The presumptive Democratic nominee has smashed fundraising records this cycle by harnessing the power of the Internet to raise the once unimaginable sum of almost $ 266 million from more than 1.5 million donors through the end of April . Obama 's fundraising machine shows no sign of slowing down anytime soon . If anything , it will only pick up the pace now that a whole new pool of donors has been made available with the elimination of Sen. Hillary Clinton from the campaign . Sen. John McCain , on the other hand , has raised $ 93 million through April . A significant number of unenthusiastic conservatives have so far been unwilling to open their wallets for the presumptive GOP nominee . McCain , in what could turn out to be a tragically ironic twist of fate for his campaign , angered many of the same wealthy Republican donors he now desperately needs by trumpeting the cause of campaign finance reform throughout most of his Senate career . Obama is the first presidential candidate to reject public funding since the creation of the post-Watergate campaign finance system . He all but ensures that he will be able to outspend McCain significantly in every swing state -- in the ground game and on the airwaves -- through November . For his part , Obama argues that he opted out of public funding because "  the public financing of presidential elections as it exists today is broken , and we face opponents who 've become masters at gaming this broken system . " Tapping into a fear among many Democrats who still angrily remember the "  swift boat " attacks against Sen. John Kerry in 2004 , Obama says , "  We 've already seen that -LSB- the McCain campaign is -RSB- not going to stop the smears and attacks from his allies running so-called 527 groups , who will spend millions and millions of dollars in unlimited donations . " McCain 's advisers , not surprisingly , have a different take on Obama 's decision . They argue that Obama failed to abide by his pledge , as stated in a response to a questionnaire from the Midwest Democracy Network in November , to "  aggressively pursue an agreement with the Republican nominee to preserve a publicly financed general election . " Watch McCain blast Obama 's decision " "  The true test of a candidate for president is whether he will stand on principle and keep his word to the American people , " said Jill Hazelbaker , McCain 's communications director . "  Barack Obama has failed that test , and his reversal of his promise to participate in the public finance system undermines his call for a new type of politics . " Some Democrats and public interest groups were also critical . "  This is not a good decision , " said Sen. Russ Feingold , co-author of the McCain-Feingold campaign finance bill . "  While the current public financing system for the presidential primaries is broken , the system for the general election is not . The entire system must be updated . " Common Cause issued a statement noting that "  Sen. Obama did say at one point that he would opt into the system if his opponent did the same , and for that he gets a demerit . " Most polling on the issue indicates that a majority of voters are not fond of the idea of bankrolling presidential campaigns . In an August 2007 Gallup Poll , 57 percent of respondents said that federal financing of presidential candidates was unacceptable , while 41 percent agreed with the idea . A larger share of voters  47 percent  said it was more acceptable for candidates to raise money for their campaigns from much-maligned political action committees . Ninety-three percent had no problem with individual contributions made by ordinary citizens . "  For years now , polls have suggested that many Americans do n't see the point in giving tax dollars directly to politicians , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . "  That 's why public financing of campaigns has not been wildly popular , as shown by the relatively low number of taxpayers who use the checkoff box on their tax forms to allocate money to the system that Obama has opted out of . " Indeed , since public financing of general elections first came into effect for the 1976 campaign , the percentage of taxpayers choosing to contribute to the presidential election fund has steadily declined . In 1976 , almost 28 percent of taxpayers contributed to the fund . In 2006 , slightly less than 11 percent agreed to steer $ 3 of their taxes to the fund . If Obama 's campaign is hurt at all by this decision , that damage may result more from a public perception of hypocrisy than from any consternation over a rejection of taxpayer dollars . The McCain campaign has seemed to acknowledge so by criticizing Obama for flip-flopping on the issue instead of trying to defend the merits of public funding . Moving forward , McCain said Thursday that he will take public financing this fall . The senator from Arizona may be trying to make a virtue out of necessity . Unable to compete with Obama 's fundraising prowess , McCain may try to claim the moral high ground by portraying himself as a straight-talking underdog , while simultaneously painting Obama as an untrustworthy adversary . Obama likely will continue to defend his decision by criticizing McCain for failing to rein in the Republican-leaning organizations such as those that launched such damaging attacks against Kerry . At the same time , securing an overwhelming financial advantage in the final months of the 2008 campaign in exchange for a small slap on the wrist from groups such as Common Cause is n't such a bad tradeoff . As the old saying goes , money probably will always be the mother 's milk of politics .	Sen. Barack Obama first candidate to reject public funding since system 's creation Sen. John McCain says Obama has broken his promise to fund race publicly Obama has used Internet to raise nearly $ 266 million from 1.5 million-plus donors The only negative for Obama may be a public perception of hypocrisy
New York  CNN  -- For more than 200 years , it lay hidden beneath the ground upon which New York City 's World Trade Center once stood . Now , four years after its discovery , scientists say they 've solved the mystery of the ship hull found in the wreckage of the former World Trade Center site in lower Manhattan . The hull , originally found by archeologists monitoring the site 's excavation , has been traced back to colonial-era Philadelphia , according to researchers at the Tree Ring Research Laboratory at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University . "  An old growth forest in the Philadelphia area supplied the white oak used in the ship 's frame and ... the trees were probably cut in 1773 or so -- a few years before the bloody war that established America 's independence from Britain , " according to a statement from the scientists . Researchers used a process known as "  dendroprovenancing " to determine the hull 's origins , whereby tree rings from wood samples were analyzed and referenced against several other historical tree chronologies . "  Trees respond to climate each year and that pattern of rings created within the tree produces a signature for that species in a forest or region , " said Neil Pederson , a research scientist on the study . "  We took oak samples from the World Trade Center vessel and made a record of growth through time . We then compared it to independent records of white oak that we had . " Researchers looked at oak chronologies from Boston through Virginia , but their analysis found that the samples had the greatest compatibility with trees in eastern Pennsylvania , particularly in the Philadelphia area dating in the latter part of the 18th century . Scientists also found that the same kind of oak trees used to build the ship were also likely used to build Philadelphia 's Independence Hall , where the Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776 , the study said . The ship was found approximately 6.7 meters , or nearly 22 feet below ground , just south of where the World Trade Center towers stood before they were toppled in the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . It was not detected during earlier construction . "  It 's such an intense site already based on its recent history , so to be in the midst of this urban , modern , very fraught location , and then to be sitting on what was a river bottom , with clams and fish , and the smell of low tide , was really an amazing juxtaposition , " said Molly McDonald , an archeologist with the environmental consulting firm AKRF , who was among those who discovered the ship 's hull in the wreckage in 2010 . Archeologists typically perform basic research to determine whether a construction site could be sensitive for archeological reasons , said McDonald . She and her colleagues had been at ground zero to monitor construction for any potential finds . "  Early one morning , we were monitoring and suddenly saw this curved timber come up , " she recalled . "  It was clear to me that it was part of a ship , so we stopped the backhoes and starting hand digging . " The ship has been tentatively identified as a Hudson River sloop , which researchers say was designed by the Dutch to carry passengers and cargo over the river 's rocky shallows . After being in use for 20 to 30 years , the ship is believed to have sailed to lower Manhattan , where it was eventually sunk , either deliberately or by accident , and ultimately buried by trash and other fill materials purposely used to extend Manhattan 's shoreline . "  Abundant fill materials such as rocks , earth , and refuse were placed behind wooden barriers or within wood structures to create new land . Earlier wharfs and abandoned merchant ships were often a component of the fill in newly constructed land , " according to the study . The majority of the ship remains are currently being stored at Texas A&M University , said Jason Conwall , spokesman for Empire State Development . The Lower Manhattan Development Corp. , created in the aftermath of 9/11 to help plan the rebuilding of Lower Manhattan , is a subsidiary of Empire State Development , owns the ship . "  We 're working on potential options for the future which could potentially include preservation of the ship , but right now , set plans are still being determined , " Conwall said . For Pederson and fellow researchers , the ship 's discovery and the investigation that followed has provided data that may prove useful for further research . "  The beauty of dendrochronology is that we can actually use those same samples to understand past climate change and the ecology of forests . The response to our work has been really big , bigger than we expected , " Pederson said . "  For us , we have this really rich data set from the World Trade Center ship that we can use for future work . In a way , the ship lives on . " A U-boat and its American prey haunt Gulf of Mexico Explorer : Underwater pirates looted what he says is likely Santa Maria After 125 years , ship rediscovered at bottom of San Francisco Bay	Scientists say hull found at the WTC site likely originated from a forest in the Philadelphia area Vessel likely built around 1773 and believed to have been a "  Hudson River Sloop " ship Scientists analyzed and compared tree-rings on wood from the ship with wood samples to determine probable age Ship 's hull was found by archeologists at ground zero site in July 2010
CNN  -- For the better part of a decade , superheroes on the big screen have been big business  "  Iron Man 2 " the most recent example  . On TV , however , keeping audiences coming back each week for the exploits of those with superpowers has been a far trickier task . It 's been a long time since "  Batman , " "  Wonder Woman , " "  The Incredible Hulk " and "  The Greatest American Hero " hit prime time . One show that has been able to get it right is "  Smallville , " which begins its record-breaking tenth season Friday night on the CW  that would be the longest consecutively running sci-fi show  . What began as a revised history of Superman 's teen years in Smallville has come a long way over the years , with Clark Kent fighting crime in Metropolis as a rarely-seen hero called "  The Blur , " the introduction of Lois Lane , and other superheroes occasionally joining the fray . At the same time , what was once one of the highest-rated dramas on TV , "  Heroes , " progressively lost viewers , ending its run on NBC after four seasons . But that does n't mean that networks are giving up on the genre : two more series , one with a caped crusader and another about a superheroic family are coming soon . So what are some of the secrets to success for superhero TV ? We asked producers and cast members of some of these series to find out . 1 . Make your superheroes believable When "  Smallville " started , the writers had a slogan : "  No flights , no tights . " Their version of Clark Kent would n't take up the mantle of Superman , or even Superboy . Instead the WB-turned-CW series would focus on human drama . Executive producer Brian Peterson said , " -LSB- Series creators Al Gough and Miles Millar -RSB- created a world you could see walking into every week . Even though we 're in Metropolis and we 're really touching on the Superman world , it 's still a world where you can see yourself having coffee with the characters . " "  It started out being about a family in Kansas struggling to make ends meet , " added fellow executive producer Kelly Souders . "  We always emphasize the emotions . At its heart , I hope it would touch people and give them a place to come home to . " Despite appearances by more and more characters wearing elaborate costumes  Green Arrow and Hawkman , for example  , Peterson and Souders say that they have always grounded the show in a real place . "  We all could relate to the Clark at the start of the show , " said Peterson . "  It 's great to watch that kid see people in costumes and see people flying with wings , as he interacts with them and we see that in his eyes . " Another show that hopes to emphasize the humanity in the superhuman  without costumes as well  is ABC 's new series "  No Ordinary Family "  premiering September 28  . In it , Michael Chiklis and Julie Benz play the heads of a family who find themselves having been granted extraordinary powers following an accident . Back in July , Chiklis described it as "  a family show wrapped in a police procedural wrapped in the superhero genre . " "  The first season should feel like the first act of a superhero movie , " said "  Family " producer Zack Estrin . "  The slow discovery of what it means , and how it affects your real life ... like yes , I can run fast , but I can also make breakfast fast ! You can have the fun stuff in conjunction with the danger . " "  Family " co-creator Jon Feldman explained that they wanted their show to have no costumes  at first  , either : "  I think the goal is , what if it happened to us ? " he said . "  There 's so many things that in the real version of a person getting his abilities , the costume seems like something that would be in the future . The costumes , if they ever did show up , would come much later . " 2 . Give the characters a good origin Tim Kring , who created the NBC series "  Heroes , " certainly agrees about making the characters relatable . "  I was mainly interested in the idea of powers and how people wrestled with and dealt with the idea of discovery of something new , " he said . "  To me the origin story is in many ways the most fascinating part of it . " Viewers agreed , as the show 's first season was one of NBC 's biggest hits at the time . "  There was that kind of transparency between your life and characters on the show . Our characters really did n't live heightened lives and their world did n't have that kind of gothic-y look , " he said . "  They were very much like us . For me that was the important thing . " NBC has another series inspired by comic books on the horizon , and its main character also has an intriguing backstory . "  The Cape , " premiering early next year , is about an innocent man falsely accused of a crime , and seemingly killed while running from the authorities . Instead he goes into hiding and takes on the guise of the Cape , a comic book hero whom his son idolizes . Actor Dorian Missick described the show as being "  in the tradition of crime drama that just takes place in this fantastic world . It 's based in reality , and that helps you believe in what 's going on a little more . " 3 . Do n't try to be "  Lost "  or "  Heroes " Jeph Loeb , one of the best known comic book writers in the business , was named the head of Marvel television back in June . He 's quite suited for the role , having had a hand in the TV series "  Lost " and "  Heroes . " Both shows had long story arcs that ran over an entire season , or longer . However , when it comes to the shows Loeb hopes to bring to TV , he does n't plan to follow that tradition . "  What we 've talked about is more of the model on ` Smallville . ' It may have had an overriding arc , but it was more of the emotional arcs that we were following , " he said . "  We want to start each show with a problem , and resolve that problem at the end of the episode . Whatever the emotional arc is going on , that 's what you care about . If you do n't care about characters , you 're not gon na care about the show . We do n't want a show driven by the plot , we want a show driven by the character . " 4 . Never underestimate the importance of villains For many fans , Sylar was the most intriguing character on "  Heroes . " Villains came and went but Sylar , a serial killer driven by the overwhelming desire to acquire more supernatural powers , was a constant  and Zachary Quinto 's performance earned him the opportunity to play the iconic Spock in the 2009 "  Star Trek " movie  . On "  Smallville , " each season has seen bigger and bigger villains , from Lex Luthor , to Brainiac , General Zod , and this season , Darkseid . So , for an up-and-coming series like "  The Cape , " the villains were seen as extremely important . "  I want to create a classic ` rogues gallery ' like Spider-Man or Batman 's , " said series creator Thomas Wheeler . In the first episode , he introduces two by the names of Chess and Scales . However , Wheeler says he wo n't overdo it . "  In 12 episodes , you wo n't see 12 new villains . You got ta roll out your villains , and make sure they 're solid before you bring them in . " "  No Ordinary Family " producers hinted that the family will come up against a major villain as the first season goes along as well . 5 . Keep it simple When asked to share advice for producers of superhero programs like Wheeler , Estrin and Feldman , "  Heroes ' " Kring said , "  My advice would be stay away from time travel . "  Indeed , some "  Heroes " fans felt that some of the overly complex aspects of the show as it went on may have played a hand in its loss of viewership over the years . "  Having spent a couple thousand hours , probably , in the writers ' room trying to figure out the rules of time travel , I would caution anybody to stay away from that idea . " "  You really ca n't do anything that 's wholly unique in the superpower genre , " Kring said . "  Every power has been thought of . Coming up with a brand new power is not really the ultimate goal anymore . I 'm just fascinated to see how these new shows explore the genre . "	Producers , writers say make the heroes believable Give the characters a good backstory Give the time travel gimmick a rest , says Kring
Clinical trials of experimental Ebola treatment will start next month in West Africa as the regional death toll from the deadly virus surpasses 5,000 . Doctors Without Borders will conduct trials at three treatment centers in Guinea and Liberia , the medical aid agency announced Thursday . One trial will treat infected patients with the antiviral drug brincidofovir at a medical center in the Liberian capital of Monrovia . In a second trial , patients will get the antiviral drug Favipiravir in the southern town of Gueckedou in Guinea . A third trial in the Guinean capital of Conakry will focus on giving patients blood transfusions from Ebola survivors , a method recommended by the World Health Organization . There is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola , which has killed thousands in Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone -- the three nations most affected . Clinical trials led by three research groups will focus on finding an effective therapy against the disease . "  This is an unprecedented international partnership which represents hope for patients to finally get a real treatment against a disease that today kills between 50 and 80 % of those infected , " said Dr. Annick Antierens of Doctors Without Borders . First trial While the use of brincidofovir will be a first for Liberia , this is not the first time the drug has been used to fight the virus . The first Ebola patient in the United States , Thomas Eric Duncan , got brincidofovir at Texas Health Presbyterian , where he was treated after arrival from Liberia in September . He died last month . NBC cameraman Ashoka Mukpo , who contracted the virus in Liberia and was airlifted to the United States for treatment , got the drug as well . He was discharged from a Nebraska hospital last month . Second trial In Guinea , patients will get the same treatment given to Spanish nurse 's aide Teresa Romero Ramos , who took Favipiravir . She survived . Blood transfusions In the Guinean capital , patients will get transfusions from survivors . Blood from survivors , referred to as convalescent serum , is said to have antibodies that can fight the deadly virus . Though unproven , the treatment has provided some promise . "  Studies suggest blood transfusions from survivors might prevent or treat Ebola virus infection in others , but the results of the studies are still difficult to interpret , " the WHO said . "  It is not known whether antibodies in the plasma of survivors are sufficient to treat or prevent the disease . More research is needed . " Convalescent serum was used to treat American aid worker Rick Sacra , who was hospitalized in Omaha and got blood from Kent Brantly , a fellow American who survived Ebola . Both got infected when they were helping patients in Liberia . Fears of an outbreak in Mali The tests come amid fears that Mali has not combated the deadly virus . Four people have died of Ebola in Mali , the WHO said . A nurse died at a hospital in the Malian capital of Bamako , the health ministry said Wednesday . The first victim , a 2-year-old girl , died last month . The nation was optimistic it had beaten the virus , but the new fatalities have raised fears of another outbreak . The hospital in Bamako is under quarantine . The toddler 's case is not linked to the new cases , according to the WHO . West Africa tolls Ebola has killed at least 5,160 people and infected nearly 14,098 , mostly in the three nations , the World Health Organization said in its latest report . All Ebola patients in the United States have been discharged from hospital .	Doctors Without Borders will conduct trials in Guinea and Liberia There is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola "  This is an unprecedented international partnership , " medical aid group says
Rolling Stone  -- Merle Haggard is no stranger to the White House : He was a guest of both Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , who -- when he was governor of California -- had granted the singer a full pardon for the felonies and misdemeanors that led to three years at San Quentin Prison . Earlier this month , the 73-year-old singer returned to Washington , this time alongside Paul McCartney , Oprah Winfrey , composer Jerry Herman and dancer/choreographer Bill T. Jones to receive the Kennedy Center Honors , a lifetime achievement for the performing arts . In this interview , Haggard reflects on the three-day whirlwind gala , his life after lung cancer , and future plans to record and tour in a new supergroup with Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson . The 100 Greatest Singers of All Time : Merle Haggard What was the highlight for the whole thing for you ? I probably enjoyed meeting the presidents , especially Bill -LSB- Clinton -RSB- . Is he a big fan of yours ? Well he said he was , and he never lied to me -LSB- laughs -RSB- . It was also nice to meet Obama and find him very different from the media makeout . It 's really almost criminal what they do with our President . There seems to be no shame or anything . They call him all kinds of names all day long , saying he 's doing certain things that he 's not . It 's just a big old political game that I do n't want to be part of . There are people spending their lives putting him down . I 'm sure some of it 's true and some of it 's not . I was very surprised to find the man very humble and he had a nice handshake . His wife was very cordial to the guests and especially me . They made a special effort to make me feel welcome . It was not at all the way the media described him to be . What 's the biggest lie out there about Obama ? He 's not conceited . He 's very humble about being the President of the United States , especially in comparison to some presidents we 've had who come across like they do n't need anybody 's help . I think he knows he 's in over his head . Anybody with any sense who takes that job and thinks they can handle it must be an idiot . Did you talk to the President much ? I told him , "  You and I have something in common : our wives are both taller than we are . " And he said "  No ! She 's got on 3-inch heels ! And she is not that tall ! " He was like me . He grabbed that real quick . Merle Haggard Looks Back in New Documentary Did you spend much time mingling with the other honorees ? We had quite a bit of time . There were three events that I attended . Paul was there the whole time . But "  Ope " -- we got to call Oprah "  Ope " -- was completely beside herself . I do n't think she 'd ever been a recipient of much in her life . She reached over to me , leaned over and said , ` You know , we 've come the farthest . ' Some people wrote about how they did n't think Oprah should be in there because she did n't write music or is n't an artist . Some people I think are too critical and do n't have not enough intelligence to make that kind of a comment . Who is to say ? There 's a hundred people , including all of the ex-presidents ' wives , that have a say on who is nominated . It 's not about who wrote the best song or who the best songwriter was , but who was the best in their field . And television is certainly a modern method of communication that you ca n't overlook and she 's probably the mother figure of that right now . I do n't know how anybody can say she was n't deserving of it . What was it like hanging out with Paul McCartney ? He 's Paul McCartney , man . You ca n't forget that he wrote those songs . That kept going through my mind : I 'm an aspiring songwriter and sat beside the guy that wrote "  Yesterday . " I recorded that . Some guys are famous for some songs you do n't remember , but that 's not the case there . When they started "  Hey Jude , " with this wonderful orchestra , the building came apart . Everybody in the audience was singing it . It was a chiller . Quite a few people showed up to honor you . Kris Kristofferson sang "  Silver Wings " Willie and Sheryl Crow sang "  Today I Started Loving You Again , " Vince Gill and Brad Paisley sang "  Workin ' Man 's Blues . " Jamey Johnson did "  Ramblin ' Fever . " What was it like to sit there and just watch these people play your songs that you wrote over the years ? Well , it 's the ultimate . You 're hittin ' around the right spot , it 's great , and probably could n't be topped . And I enjoyed watching Vince Gill give Brad Paisley a lesson - -- he took a course on "  Workin ' Man Blues . " But Brad is so hot and so good . Did you have a good chance to catch up with old friends Willie and Kris ? We got to eat a little something together . We did n't know what the hell this food was , but we thought it was funny . Last summer you told us you and Willie are planning to record an album of new material together . I 'm glad you brought that up . We talked about doing that together , but with the presence of Kris , we talked about the three of us doing it . I 'm sure if we 're healthy and live to do it , we 'll do it . We thought about the title : the Musketeers . You know , because there 's the three of us . We 'll come up with some little way of describing ourselves I guess and put it together into a show . You had part of your lung removed in 2008 due to cancer and had to cancel a few shows back in September for health reasons . How are you feeling now ? Well , it took a long time to get over that surgery . It took the best part of two years and I 'm just now feeling like I might be able to reach over and pick up a garbage can with the right arm . They removed an upper lobe of my right lung , and they had to go in underneath my arm . It 's quite painful and irritating to have that . You know how tender that is underneath your arm . To have that heal up , it takes a couple of good years . I think I 'm all right now . I went down and had a checkup just prior to going back for this little gig and I was clear . I did n't have anything , and that 's an awful good sign . See the full article at RollingStone.com Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Merle Haggard says highlight was meeting the presidents , especially Bill Clinton "  Obama 's  very humble about being the President of the United States , " says Haggard Haggard : "  I do n't think she 'd  Oprah  ever been a recipient of much in her life "
CNN  -- Police released two photos Thursday of a man they suspect abducted the mother of Baltimore Orioles legend Cal Ripken Jr. from her Aberdeen , Maryland , home before she was found nearly 24 hours later tied up in the back seat of her car . The pictures , which appear to come from surveillance cameras , show a man wearing an orange and black baseball cap with sunglasses on the brim and a light-colored button-down shirt . There is also a $ 2,000 reward for a tip leading to the man 's conviction , Aberdeen police said . A reward poster described the man as 5-feet-10 , 180 pounds with short brown hair . Earlier police said he was in his late 30s to early 40s . Officials in Aberdeen say they are still looking for motives in the case and have n't found evidence of ransom demands for Violet Ripken , the mother of a baseball Hall of Famer . Ripken , 74 , was safe and resting with relatives Wednesday after a nearly daylong ordeal , authorities said . Police said a man with a gun showed up at her home between 7 and 8 a.m. Tuesday , forced her into her vehicle and drove off . She was found about 6:15 a.m. Wednesday in the back seat of the vehicle near her home with her hands bound , but she was otherwise unharmed , police said . Michael Jackson 's mom found safe , family drama unfolds "  At this time I can say we know of no ransom demand , " Aberdeen Police Chief Henry Trabert told reporters on Wednesday . He also said police do n't know of any relationship between the suspect and the Ripken family . Trabert said Violet Ripken was understandably upset after the ordeal . The official said the suspect put sunglasses on the woman and they drove around all day and made stops for gas , using Ripken 's credit cards at several places . The official said the suspect made no mention of Cal Ripken , an indication that he might not have known she is the mother of one of baseball 's most popular stars . Police believe the suspect drove the woman 's silver 1998 Lincoln Town Car throughout central Maryland but they are n't sure of precise locations . Rich Wolf , a spokesman for the FBI in Baltimore , said the agency is helping local police investigate the case . The Ripken family released a statement expressing gratitude for Violet Ripken 's safe return . "  This has been a very trying time for our family , but we are grateful and relieved that mom is back with us , safe and healthy , " the statement said . Cal Ripken Jr. achieved stardom as a shortstop with the Baltimore Orioles and is a member of baseball 's Hall of Fame . He holds the Major League Baseball record for playing in the most consecutive games -- 2,632 from 1982 to 1998 . He made 19 straight All-Star appearances and won two Most Valuable Player awards , racking up 3,184 hits and 431 home runs . He is a baseball analyst for TBS , which like CNN is owned by Time Warner . His Ripken Baseball group owns three minor league teams , including the Aberdeen IronBirds . Cal Ripken Sr. -- who was a manager , coach and scout in the Orioles organization for 36 years -- died in 1999 . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report	Police offer a $ 2,000 reward for tips leading to the arrest of the suspect A gunman forced Violet Ripken into a car at her home Tuesday She was found unharmed about 24 hours later , they say Police are still looking for motive , saying there were no ransom demands
CNN  -- The mother of the man who gunned down eight of his colleagues at a beer distributor in Connecticut earlier this month says her son was "  no monster , " but a "  gentle spirit " who had reached his limit after being racially harassed at work . Omar Thornton , 34 , called his mother , Lille Holliday , before fatally shooting himself , putting an end to the terrifying shooting spree that left eight people dead at Hartford Distributors in Manchester , Connecticut , on August 3 . "  He said , ' I just killed the five most racist people , ' and I knew he was n't playing because he do n't talk like that , " Holliday told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien in an interview that aired Tuesday . Holliday said when she looked at her caller ID and saw that the phone call was coming from her son 's place of employment , "  I just kind of lost it . " Manchester police have said they have found no evidence of racial discrimination , and the president of Hartford Distributors said Thornton never filed a claim alleging racial discrimination . Instead , the company said it had asked him to resign after it found him stealing and selling alcoholic beverages . Holliday disputed that statement in the interview , saying , "  I know he reported the -LSB- racial -RSB- problems because he brought home the papers that they signed . " Thornton 's girlfriend , Kristi Hannah , has said Thornton reported seeing drawings of a hangman with a noose around its neck as well as hearing the N-word directed toward him . Holliday said she had few clues as to what Thornton was planning , but noted , "  I could just kind of see slowly he was just getting frustrated and aggravated . " "  He was getting more stressed out and he started to just kind of change , " Holliday said . "  He started not being so relaxed but I never thought that it would be possible that something like this would happen . " Asked about the how calm Thornton sounded when he placed a 911 call to police after the killings , Holliday said , "  I think that he was at his limit and the calmness is something that he 's always been . I 've never really seen him enraged . " Instead , Holliday described her son as a "  gentle spirit " who would buy his mother 's favorite ice cream and leave it in her freezer or leave a rose for her on her table . "  I wish he was still here with me , " she said . "  I miss him so much . "	Omar Thornton killed eight people at a Connecticut beer distributor this month His mother says he was being racially harassed and had reached his limit Hartford Distributors says it caught Thornton stealing and selling alcoholic beverages Thornton killed himself as police closed in on him
CNN  -- It was described by evangelical pastor Jerry Falwell as "  obscene trash . " High schools and public libraries banned it , while teenagers -- male and female -- hid it under their beds like a dirty magazine . Women across the country passed it to their friends , their sisters , their neighbors . They read chapters about rape in closets with flashlights . They gaped in dorm rooms at the photos of childbirth . The landmark women 's health handbook was filled with sometimes graphic information about the most intimate aspects of women 's lives . It was revolutionary in its candid discussions -- and depictions -- of the specifics of sex , birth control , childbirth , lesbianism and other formerly taboo topics . In 1971 , the first "  Our Bodies , Ourselves " book sold 250,000 copies . Today , it is available in 25 languages and has sold more than 4 million copies . It 's hard to believe it all began in Boston with just 12 women . They met during a women 's liberation conference in 1969 . At the time , fewer than 10 % of doctors were women , and topics like sexuality , pregnancy and abortion were rarely discussed . But a long conversation after a workshop on women and their bodies prompted this small group to launch the beginning of the women 's health care movement . "  Many of them had had very bad experiences around their health and medical care , around their encounters with physicians , " "  Our Bodies , Ourselves " executive director Judy Norsigian remembered . "  You lived in an era then where , if you went to a physician , and you were a married woman , and you  were diagnosed with  gonorrhea , your physician would tell your husband and not you . " The next year , their work came to fruition : a 193-page booklet printed on newsprint titled "  Women and Their Bodies " that sold for just 75 cents . "  Part of why  the booklet  got off the ground is because women wanted to change this kind of environment in which what women had to say , where what women reported about their own experiences , could be so readily discarded , " Norsigian said . In August , Time magazine named "  Our Bodies , Ourselves " one of the best nonfiction books since 1923 . This year , the organization behind the book , the Boston Women 's Health Book Collective , celebrates its 40th anniversary with a new edition . Norsigian was the youngest member of the 1971 editing team and still plays a big part in editing the text . Norsigian spoke with CNN about the controversial book , the strides in women 's health care since then and the one thing she hopes readers take away . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : Describe yourself in the early 1970s . What were you doing , and what were you wearing ? Norsigian : In the early '70s , I was just out of college . The year after I graduated ... I lived on a farm as part of a small commune and learned a tremendous amount about organic gardening . This is before it came in vogue . I met through mutual friends the women who had produced the newsprint edition of "  Our Bodies , Ourselves . " I was acutely aware of the lack of good information out there for women of all ages , so I was very excited about being a part of this effort . You ca n't ask me what I wore , because I ca n't remember . ... I probably had a bell bottom or two in those days . CNN : What were some of the most controversial issues covered in the first book ? Norsigian : Well , there 's no question about that . I would say there were three things that drew fire from various sources . One is the lesbian chapter ; it was called then "  In Amerika they call us dykes . " That was obviously going to be very controversial because there was huge resistance to the idea of homosexuality . When people tried to ban the book in schools , they often pointed to this chapter as "  filthy trash . " The second , of course , is the abortion chapter  which was still illegal at the time  ... and the third -- can you guess ? -- it 's masturbation . That was singled out in the sexuality chapter as one of the sections that was inappropriate , pornographic , you name it . CNN : "  Our Bodies , Ourselves " was definitely known as a feminist book in the 1970s . Do you still identify with that ideology ? Norsigian : There is no question in our minds that it 's a feminist book . But one of the problems that has emerged over the last several years or so is that members of the media have failed to educate themselves about what feminism means , so there 's been a lot of distortion .  The term  has different definitions depending on who you talk to . One of the things we hope is that by having people read a book like this , which is feminist but is not anti-male ... is that they 'll adjust their thinking about what feminism consists of . CNN : How has society 's view on women 's health changed since the first book came out ? Norsigian : There were three things that kept hitting us between the eyes : sexism , paternalism , condescension -- things that really interfered with getting good health and medical care . There was also a lack of good data . Much medical care was driven by convention . ... There are many , many examples of where the medical care was not good or appropriate for the situation .  To get where we are today  has taken better research , it 's taken a strong advocacy community , and it 's taken reaching out to the general public . CNN : What are the biggest issues facing women today ? Norsigian : We still have a long way to go . If you do n't deal with things like education and housing , access to health care , these are critical issues that ultimately have a profound impact on women 's health and well-being . The single greatest influence on a woman 's health and well-being is her poverty status . ... If you look at surveys across the globe , many women identify violence as the biggest threat . So that 's not often fully appreciated . Most of the issues we write about are not just about a single person dealing with an individual choice ; it 's really connected to a larger reality where we can , if we take action , do something to reduce the problem to begin with . CNN : What 's new in this year 's edition of the book ? Norsigian : The new book has a focus on sexual and reproductive health across the lifespan . There 's a whole chapter on gender identity and sexual orientation . Many chapters are totally redone incorporating new awareness , new activism . The perimenopause chapter is totally different . The politics chapter is totally different ... with a much more in-depth discussion of health care reform . The sexuality chapter includes a wiki conversation ; I think more than 200 people contributed to a several month-long conversation that was then synthesized into this fabulous collection of insights and exchanges . CNN : Why did you decide to focus on just sexual and reproductive health ? Norsigian : Well , you 're going to laugh . The book was becoming too encyclopedic , and we also wanted to return to earlier versions where we had more space for women 's experiences and stories . So that was one of the reasons . But in the end , we got so much good content . ... It ended up being longer than the last book in 2005 . It 's not something you 're going to carry around with you ; it 's more than 3 pounds . CNN : With so much information out there and varying opinions on almost everything , how do you edit the book to ensure that it 's unbiased ? Norsigian : Well , everybody has a point of view , and everybody has a bias . There 's no question that that exists , whether we try hard to keep it out or not . One of the ways we  try  is by having people with different biases go at the same text , making their case with one another . CNN : With all the Internet resources out there , what 's the purpose of owning a comprehensive book like this ? Norsigian : I talk on about 60 college campuses a year , and you wo n't believe the misinformation young people have . This is one of the ironies that we face now . There are more and more sources of information . ... It 's out there to find , but you have to know where to look . There 's tremendous amounts of misinformation , distorted information . That 's one of things about this book : It 's probably the most trustworthy source about women and health out there . CNN : What 's one thing you hope women take away from the book ? Norsigian : I would say that we can all make more intelligent decisions about personal health and medical care as well as the policies we want to see in our communities . The key is finding reliable sources of information that will guide those kinds of decisions .	In 1971 , the first "  Our Bodies , Ourselves " book sold 250,000 copies At the time , fewer than 10 % of doctors were women , and many topics were taboo Time magazine named "  Our Bodies , Ourselves " one of the best nonfiction books since 1923
Boston  CNN  -- James "  Whitey " Bulger was raised in a tight-knit world of Irish families in a community that protected its own . There were three boys in one room , six girls in another . As he grew up , authorities say , it was n't long before he became one of Boston 's most notorious gangsters . He learned to fight and survive on the mean streets of South Boston -- "  Southie " to residents -- and to local kids who wanted to emulate him , he was iconic . "  The guy was legendary , " said John Shea , a former drug runner for Bulger who served 12 years in prison for cocaine trafficking . "  He was legendary of being the guy that controlled everything that ever happened in South Boston and for the Irish Mafia . He made tough guys shake . " But for the past 15 years , authorities said the man feared across Southie lived a quiet , reclusive life in a small Southern California apartment . Before his arrest in June , Bulger and longtime girlfriend Catherine Greig passed themselves off as "  Charlie and Carol Gasko " to their neighbors in the Los Angeles suburb of Santa Monica . During that time , the fugitive Bulger became "  the Elvis of gangsters , " as one former FBI official put it , even as his escape from a pending indictment led to a scandal that tarnished the bureau . Bulger 's life on the lam Bulger has pleaded not guilty to 19 counts of murder , while Greig is charged with harboring a fugitive . By the time the two met , Bulger had served 10 years for bank robbery in federal prisons -- first in Alcatraz , then Leavenworth . After getting out , he vowed he would never go back to jail . When Boston Globe reporters Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill began their groundbreaking reporting on Bulger in the 1980s , they discovered a single , compelling fact . "  He had n't gotten so much as a parking ticket since he was released , " Lehr said . Bulger 's lack of a record after 1965 was all the more startling , since Lehr and O'Neill found he was being investigated by Boston police and the Massachusetts State Police after a series of killings he was suspected of carrying out himself or ordering others to commit . There was a reason Bulger was able to remain untouched : He was a confidential informant for the FBI , a federal judge later concluded in a 600-plus-page report in 1999 . More than that , the agent closest to Bulger , John Connolly , routinely informed Bulger about ongoing investigations , federal documents later showed . Lehr said Connolly "  did everything , including breaking all kinds of laws over the years to keep that alive . " Beyond the Bulger lore : Ten victims Connolly , now serving a 40-year prison term , did Bulger one final favor in the mid-1990s . He told him of pending indictments for drug and racketeering charges brought by agencies outside the FBI , and Bulger fled . He was on the FBI 's Most Wanted List for more than 15 years , second only to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden as the bureau 's priority . Former FBI Agent Tom Fuentes , now a CNN consultant , says the bureau received more than 12,000 tips over the years about Bulger and where he might have been seen . In one case , Fuentes said , agents received a tip that Bulger would be on flight to an unknown city in South America . "  There were thousands of police officers involved in that round-the-clock operation , " Fuentes said "  Everyone went full bore to follow up on those leads and try to find him . In a way , he became the Elvis of gangsters . " But all along , it seems , Bulger and Greig were in Santa Monica , in a small apartment four blocks from the Pacific Ocean beaches , according to their building manager . Bulger 's ` relatively comfortable ' lifestyle One neighbor , 88-year-old Catalina Schlank , told CNN she saw the couple she knew as the Gaskos regularly . They were friendly , she says , but cautious about giving away too much information . "  We were good neighbors , and we met mostly in the lobby picking up the mail , " Schlank said . In one encounter , "  I said , ' I do n't see your husband coming and going with you . ' ` No , ' she said , ` He has depression . He does n't sleep at night and starts sleeping at five in the morning . ' And then it seemed he was better . " On one occasion , she asked the couple to be a point of contact in the case of emergency . They refused . The couple did not have a car , paid for everything in cash and had a phone number that went directly to an answering service , Schlank said . "  I asked her , ` Can you give me your phone so I can call you ? ' So she gave me a number , but that number goes to an answering service , " she said . "  They take the message and they relay it to Mr. Gasko . And if they wanted , they would answer . If they did n't , you would n't get an answer . " Ultimately , the FBI began airing a public service announcement with an emphasis on Greig . Less than two days later , a tip generated because of that television campaign led to the couple 's arrest in Santa Monica . How they caught him Inside , prosecutors said they found more than $ 800,000 in cash and 30 weapons , including handguns , an automatic rifle and a hand grenade .	James "  Whitey " Bulger had been an FBI informant for years before being indicted Testimony : Bulger tipped off about the indictment in mid - '90s by FBI handler John Connolly Connolly has been convicted of being corrupted by Bulger Bulger faces murder and racketeering charges after 16 years on the run
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The driver of a truck that collided with a bus in northeast Mexico , killing 12 people including 11 passengers from the United States and Canada , was intoxicated , a Mexican official said Tuesday . Emergency workers wheel a crash victim on a gurney after Monday 's bus crash in Mexico . The tractor-trailer 's 21-year-old driver was among those hospitalized after Monday 's crash near Monterrey , Mexico , said Segismundo Doguin Martinez , a police official in the Mexican state of Coahuila . The driver of the bus was among those killed , and 15 bus passengers were injured . The Senda Express bus , operated by Grupo Senda , had been traveling from McAllen , Texas , carrying tourists to Zacatecas in central Mexico . Eight of those who died were from the United States , three were from Canada and one , the bus driver , was from Mexico , Doguin said . Watch rescuers work at scene of deadly crash " The survivors , most of them in grave condition , were taken to the Christus Muguerza Hospital and the Clinica La Concepcion , the Mexican official said . "  They are in a delicate state but out of danger , " Doguin said . El Milenio newspaper reported on its Web site that eight of the injured are from the United States , four are from Canada and three from Mexico . Seven of the injured Americans are from Texas and one is from Iowa , the newspaper said . El Norte newspaper 's Web site and El Porvenir said the dead and injured included tourists . Among those killed in the crash was 73-year-old Ronald Christy , said his daughter , Pam Fordyce . Christy 's wife , Margaret Christy , was in critical condition in a Mexican hospital , Fordyce said . "  He was doing exactly what he loved -- traveling , " Fordyce , of Altoona , Iowa , told CNN by telephone Tuesday . "  He was right where he would want to be , on a bus . " She said the couple wintered in Texas and lived in West Liberty , Iowa , in the summer . The U.S. consulate called her at 1:30 a.m. Tuesday to tell her that her father had been killed , Fordyce said , and then followed up with an e-mail with photographs of the crash . "  I did n't even know he was on a bus , " she said . "  I guess I could believe -LSB- the consulate -RSB- when I talked to my brother " who knew the couple was traveling , she said . "  Until then you do n't want to believe anything . " Doguin , the Mexican official , said the accident occurred when a truck driver went off the road and then overcorrected and swerved into oncoming traffic , hitting the bus . Video of the scene from CNN affiliate TV Azteca 13 showed the left side of the bus sheared off and the semi 's cab completely flattened . Rescue efforts took five hours , TV Azteca 13 reported . The U.S. consulate in Monterrey will not release the names of the dead or injured until all family members have been notified , said consulate spokesman Todd Huizinga . "  On Monday evening , staff from the consulate in Monterrey went to the Christus Muguerza Hospital to offer assistance to some of the injured who were brought there after the crash , " Huizinga said . "  The consulate expects to have more detail in the coming hours . " The truck driver was injured and is being held by authorities at a hospital , Doguin said . The Web site for Grupo Senda says the company started in Linares , Mexico , more than 75 years ago . It provides bus service to 15 Mexican states and the Texas Valley , the site says . Elizabeth Suarez , director of the McAllen Central Bus Station , where the bus trip originated , issued a statement saying , "  We are very saddened by the news this morning . We offer our condolences to the families . The city of McAllen is the landlord of the bus terminal facility in McAllen . Grupo Senda is our tenant . " CNN 's Melanie Whitley , Taylor Gandossy , Tess Eastment and Monica Trevino contributed to this report from Atlanta , Georgia .	NEW : Tractor-trailer driver , 21 , was intoxicated , official says 18-wheeler swerved into oncoming traffic , official says ; side of bus sheared off Death toll at 12 : Eight from U.S. , three from Canada , and bus driver , from Mexico Victim 's daughter in Iowa says consulate called at 1:30 a.m. with word of crash
CNN  -- Three months after a thyroidectomy to remove cancer and one month after radioactive iodine to treat it , Julie Seitz found herself in an operating room again , this time for a lumpectomy to remove breast cancer . Seitz 's prognosis was good , although doctors said she would need radiation . She 's not alone : Fifteen percent to 20 % of people diagnosed with cancer are diagnosed with a second cancer , according to Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society . However , he says , it 's unusual for those diagnoses to happen simultaneously . Seitz 's diagnoses came after she sought a second look . She heeded the recommendation to follow up for a spot on her thyroid even though she was told it was probably nothing , and then she was insistent after being given an all-clear following a mammogram . In both cases , Seitz , 51 , of Atlanta , followed her instincts , and she was right . One patient advocate applauds that . "  She moved the bar in her own favor by being proactive and trusting her intuition , " said Trisha Torrey , who was not involved in Seitz 's case . "  I have a high-demand job , " said Seitz , director of Workplace 2020 Global Business Services for Coca-Cola . "  This is like a second job , and no one else is going to do the research . " Her thyroid spot was seen during an annual physical . Even though doctors told her it probably was n't cause for concern , Seitz followed up with an endocrinologist four months later and underwent a biopsy . A week later , she got a call saying that it was probably cancer and that doctors would know for sure after surgery to remove it . Her philosophy : tackle cancer and move on , she says . She had a thyroidectomy . "  It was the easiest surgery ever . The next day , I was on a plane going somewhere for work with a bandage and wearing scarves , " she said . Eight weeks later , she had radiation iodine treatment : She took a radioactive pill and stayed isolated in her house for a week and then limited outings for another week . Two weeks before she took the pill , she felt something unusual during a breast self-exam and asked about it during her scheduled mammogram a week or so later . She got an all-clear but did n't trust it and went in for an ultrasound . The radiologist sent her for a biopsy , which confirmed that she had breast cancer . Once again , she geared up to tackle the disease . "  It 's another specialty , and you start over from scratch , " she said . After her lumpectomy , Seitz had 25 days of radiation . Now , she takes medication for both cancers . Seitz offeres this advice about taking charge of your care : Ask your medical network When looking for a surgeon to remove her thyroid , Seitz asked everyone from her dentist and orthodontist to her gynecologist . "  It does n't matter what their specialty is . They all know each other , and I 've learned you have to ask multiple doctors , " she said . Instead of asking them "  Who should I go to ? " Seitz asked , "  If you were in this situation , who would you go to ? " She got a list of about nine names when looking for a surgeon for her thyroid and chose the doctor whose name was recommended four times . She followed this same procedure before her breast biopsy . Brawley recommends casting a wider net , including anyone in the health care field . "  The nurses who work in the ORs at hospitals , they know who the best surgeons are . These are not necessarily those who rank in the lists of best doctors , " he said . Give a deadline The first time Seitz visited her oncologist , she explained that she and her husband were leaving on an African safari , their "  trip of a lifetime , " the first week in August . Seitz wanted to mark her 50th birthday by going somewhere new . She told her oncologist she had to be better by then . Her last radiation treatment was 10 days before her flight to Africa , which gave her time to recover before takeoff . Doctors may not have a deadline , she says . "  If I have something else happening , I am going to find a reason to give them a deadline , because things happen much quicker . " Do n't rely 100 % on mammograms Even if they must pay for it out of their own pocket , Seitz recommends that women undergo a mammogram every other year , along with an ultrasound . If you feel something or there is any uncertainty about the scan , she says , insist on an MRI instead of a second mammogram . Things would have turned out differently , she says , if she had accepted her clear mammogram report and not insisted on an ultrasound . The American Cancer Society recommends annual mammograms for women starting at age 40 . Brawley agrees that mammograms are not foolproof but cautions that ultrasound and MRI screenings are meant to get a better look at something , not to replace a mammogram . Have a positive attitude Seitz decided right away that she would not let her diagnosis dominate her life . She focused on the things she enjoys in life and maintained her daily routine . "  I thought , if I stop and change my routine , I give this thing more power , " she said . There 's no doubt that having a positive attitude helps in terms of quality of life , Brawley says . The jury is still out on whether it prolongs life . Stay off the Internet "  If ever you are diagnosed with something , never read the Internet , " Julie concluded after spending an afternoon reading some websites about thyroid cancer before her surgery . "  It was negative ; it was horrible ; it was pitiful . I said , ` No , I am not going to be like these people . ' It was pretty depressing , and I just decided no , this is not who I am . I never conquered anything in my life this way , and it 's not going to be this either . " Though Brawley says it 's an individual decision , he says people should be careful about where they seek information online and ensure that it 's a reputable source such as the National Cancer Institute . When , not if Seitz believes that a sea change is needed on how cancer is viewed : People should think of it as "  You are going to get cancer , so how can you stay on top of tests and getting checked and getting monitored so you are diagnosed earlier ? " Most cancers are curable at stage 1 or 2 . Torrey says this preventive approach applies not just to cancer to but to all illnesses and conditions . "  You 're going to catch something , and you have to be prepared , " she said . Meanwhile , Seitz says , do n't put off fun . "  Do n't wait to retire to do all the fun things you want to do . "	Julie Seitz was diagnosed nearly simultaneously with thyroid and breast cancer Seitz 's diagnoses came after she sought a second look in both cases She initially was given an all-clear after a mammogram Seitz shares her own tips for taking charge of your health care
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius has been sending the family of Reeva Steenkamp , the girlfriend he fatally shot last year , a monthly payment since March 2013 , a probation officer told his sentencing hearing in South Africa on Tuesday . Probation officer and social worker Annette Vergeer told the court that Pistorius ' legal team had told her about the payments , of 6,000 rand  about $ 540  a month , and she suggested that this showed remorse . She said Pistorius had offered the family more besides the monthly payments . The athlete sold his car for about $ 35,000 and had that money given to the Steenkamp family , she said . Pistorius ' manager , Peet van Zyl , facilitated the monthly payments from Pistorius ' bank account . However , the Steenkamp family has rejected the money , the court heard . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel said that Reeva 's mother , June Steenkamp , had said she did n't want "  blood money . " He told the court that Steenkamp 's parents had said they would repay the monthly payments in full . The Steenkamp family , through a lawyer , told Vergeer that it was "  neutral " on the sentencing phase of the trial , Vergeer said . She told the court that neither of Reeva Steenkamp 's parents would testify for the state at the hearing . Pistorius ` vulnerable ' in prison Judge Thokozile Masipa , who presided over Pistorius ' high-profile trial and delivered the verdict last month , will decide his sentence , which may or may not see him spend time behind bars . The hearing , which began Monday , is likely to take several days , as the prosecution and defense put their arguments before the court . Vergeer argued that Pistorius should not be sent to prison , saying that as a double amputee , he would be vulnerable to gang rape -- particularly if his prosthetic legs were taken away . Nel suggested that if Pistorius were allowed to keep his prosthetic legs while in prison , he 'd be fine . But Vergeer said that even if the court allowed Pistorius to keep the legs , there was no guarantee the order would be complied with . Pistorius was found guilty of culpable homicide , the South African term for unintentionally , but unlawfully , killing a person . However , the judge cleared him of murder in Steenkamp 's death and granted him bail pending the sentencing hearing . ` Broken man ' On Monday , a psychologist said Pistorius was a "  broken man " after the death of his girlfriend , as his defense tried to convince a judge of his fragile emotional state . Dr. Lore Hartzenberg said the Olympian described Steenkamp as the love of his life . He lost faith in himself and his abilities after the killing , she said . But the prosecution dismissed her findings . "  We 're dealing with a broken man , but he 's still alive , " Nel said in an apparent reference to the fact that Steenkamp is not . "  He has lost his love relationship ... but he will be able to love somebody else like that . " Sentence hard to predict There is no legal minimum sentence for culpable homicide in South African law , so it will be up to the judge to decide . A typical sentence is five to eight years . But it is a principle of South African law that the sentence should be tailored to the culprit as a whole person , as opposed to the crime . That makes predicting a sentence difficult , said Kelly Phelps , a CNN legal analyst . The judge also found Pistorius guilty of one weapons-related charge involving a shooting at a restaurant . The maximum penalty for that is five years behind bars . But he could get a lesser sentence , such as a fine or the loss of his gun license . CNN 's Robyn Curnow contributed to this report .	Probation officer : Pistorius has been making monthly payments to Steenkamp family Prosecutor says Reeva Steenkamp 's parents will pay the money back Pistorius is too vulnerable as a disabled person to be sent to prison , probation officer says The athlete 's sentencing hearing could last several days
CNN  -- It wo n't surprise anyone that Justice Antonin Scalia wrote a scathing dissent in a Supreme Court case that came down last week . But it might surprise some people that three members of the court 's so-called liberal wing joined him . Scalia argued that searching the car of Prado Navarette , pulled over on suspicion of drunken driving , violated the Fourth Amendment 's protections against unreasonable searches and seizures . Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor agreed . This seemingly idiosyncratic lineup is a developing bloc in Fourth Amendment cases , and it 's one to keep any eye on as the court hears two even bigger such cases Tuesday . In Riley v. California and United States v. Wurie , the court will consider whether the police may search the contents of an arrestee 's cell phone without a warrant . This means that if you get arrested for jaywalking or littering  and in some places , you can be  , the police can search your smartphone -- and everything on it . There should be little doubt about what Scalia will say about these searches . He has become a regular champion of the Fourth Amendments protections against "  unreasonable searches and seizures . " In Navarette v. California , Scalia disagreed with the court 's conclusion that the police could lawfully stop a car after a woman anonymously called 911 and reported that the car had driven her off the road . Scalia wrote that such stops were not the constitutional framers ' concept of a "  people secure from unreasonable searches and seizures . " And in Maryland v. King , a case decided last term , Scalia disagreed with the court 's conclusion that the police may lawfully take a cheek swab of someone 's DNA after he or she has been arrested for a serious offense . He expressed "  doubt that the proud men who wrote the charter of our liberties would have been so eager to open their mouths for royal inspection . " Those proud men adopted the Fourth Amendment in large part to respond to the British use of "  general warrants . " These warrants were not specific about the people or items to be searched and thus gave the government broad discretion to search people 's homes and the personal papers and effects within . The Fourth Amendment was adopted to ensure the American people would not be subject to such broad searches . As Scalia put it simply in the King case , "  suspicionless searches are never allowed if their principal end is ordinary crime-solving . " That 's precisely why the police should not be able to search the modern-day equivalent of one 's "  papers and effects " -- the contents of one 's cell phone -- without a warrant . Fortunately , there 's reason to think that Scalia wo n't be on the losing side of this one . To start , searches of cell phones have the potential to be far more invasive than the searches in Navarette and King . In Navarette , the search was a brief traffic stop . Even the search in King -- a light swabbing of the cheek -- while more physically invasive , does not reveal all of a person 's most private communications and the intimate details of one 's life the way searches of a smart phone can . Consider all the information on your smartphone -- not only e-mails and texts and call logs , but also apps that reveal a tremendous amount about you . Moreover , King involved a booking procedure when an individual was taken into custody for a serious offense . Indeed , the court went to great lengths to emphasize that the search would only be imposed on individuals charged with serious crimes . Not so the searches at issue in Riley and Wurie , which could take place after any arrest . Further , unlike in Navarette and King , robust enforcement of the Fourth Amendment in these cases will not hamper law enforcement . In Navarette , a ruling against the government would have meant the police could not stop the car ; in King , they could not have taken the cheek swab . Here , the police can still seize the cell phone at the time of arrest and , assuming there is probable cause , they can subsequently obtain a warrant to search the phone . Finally , the last time the court confronted a case involving a similar Fourth Amendment question -- another search following a lawful arrest -- Scalia was on the winning side : Justice Clarence Thomas also concluded that the search was unreasonable , and Justice Stephen Breyer suggested he might have if the Supreme Court had not already addressed the exact question at issue in that case . The court has n't before confronted the question at issue in Riley and Wurie -- cell phone searches . But even though the question is new , it 's one for which history provides an answer . The framers did n't want the government to rifle through people 's most personal papers and effects in the absence of individualized suspicion that they might provide evidence of wrongdoing . As Scalia will surely recognize , and as all of his other colleagues should as well .	Brianne Gorod : Scalia champions Fourth Amendment , has sided with liberal wing Gorod : He may again in cases on whether police should be allowed to search cell phones She says framers wanted to protect against "  unreasonable searches and seizures " Gorod : Warrantless searches of cell phones is equivalent to rifling through papers in a home
At Dragsholm Castle , on the northwestern coast of Denmark 's Zealand island , they once chased ghosts . Now , along the beautiful forest paths that surround the 800-year-old castle , they chase edible flowers , wood sorrel and other wild ingredients that in recent years have pushed the country 's restaurants to the forefront of global gastronomy . Dragsholm now stands as a beacon of Nordic terroir cooking , largely thanks to Claus Henriksen , a former chef at Copenhagen 's world-beating Noma restaurant , who was drafted in seven years ago to head up its two restaurants . Today the castle is considered one of the truest representations of soil-to-plate dining . Add water , dunes , fields and forest to that equation and you get an idea of the rich and rewarding natural surroundings the chefs get to work with . Anyone spending the night here can practically pop down in their dressing gown and slippers to pick wild herbs for morning tea . It 's well worth spending the night . The castle 's historic rooms have been beautifully restored as hotel facilities . Baroque salons Most of the suites are located along the corridors in between baroque salons and dining halls , and with views of the moat , garden or courtyard . They 're fitted for modern comfort with whirlpool baths and distinctive period features such as canopy beds or chandeliers . There are no TVs to spoil the occasion , but coming to Dragsholm to watch television is missing the point . "  The habitat here is really fascinating , " says Jorgen Stoltz , a forest ranger who organizes foraging safaris around the fields , waters and woodland near Dragsholm . The castle is located in the region of Odsherred , an area designated by UNESCO as a Geopark . "  There is a tension field between the geology created by the ice age , with clay and calcium-rich soil , and then the elevated seabed which came later , " says Stoltz . "  We have all types of nature . You have sand dunes , which have been overgrown with juniper berries and thyme , and you can walk through lush forests full of ramsons  wild garlic  . " Foraging safaris take place from early spring until autumn . Stoltz preps novice foragers by giving them plant samples a set of photo fact sheets . He never picks or shows anything potentially toxic . "  If people see me holding a poisonous plant they will mistake it for being edible , " he says . "  Some people are so keen and quick on the trigger to collect that they will pick up anything . " Beach herbs Stoltz guides visitors through the soft forest ground , brimming in spring with wood sorrel and ramson , past the black cheery trees , which Henriksen uses in the castle kitchen for making breads and tea , and down the fields scattered with juniper bushes . From the elevated castle grounds there are views of nearby Nekselo bay where beach herbs peer up through the dunes and banks . "  In the summer there is arrowgrass , which tastes of coriander , " says Stoltz . "  All year round we find scurvy grass , which is what the Vikings used to bring around Europe as a medicinal herb . We also call it wasabi wort because of its intensity , just like horseradish . " On a good day , glasswort , beach mustard and saltbush can also be found . Anyone here on a Wednesday morning might spot Henriksen lurking around the beach , scouring for ingredients and getting a firsthand briefing from nature of what his menu is going to look like . Dragsholm 's first-floor restaurant , Spisehuset , has a relaxed bistro feel . One of its lunchtime favorites is potato salad and house-made ramson sausages sprinkled with wild herbs from the beach and forest . Downstairs in the cellar restaurant , underneath the whitewashed stones that arch over designer wooden tables , Henriksen realizes his idea of a gourmet experience dictated by seasons and produce . "  I try to create a cuisine that reflects the nature surrounding us , " says Henriksen . "  It should represent this very moment in time . "  We are being very conscious about it , trying to keep it in tune with nature 's rhythm . " Hubba Bubba flowers While Henriksen has a basic blueprint for the food he 's cooking , the weekly excursions to the beach and the woods is where he finesses his dishes . "  We might have veal tongues or sweetbreads as our starting points , but then we go out and see what we can find to pair it with , " he says . On a recent autumn morning , Henriksen went to the fields to find wild violet flowers  "  they taste like Hubba Bubba bubble gum "  , which he put together with caramel mousse , thyme and rye bread . He used reduced seawater from the bay , rather than salt , to season the caramel . Down by a water hole in the forest , he stumbled on a bed of wild mint . "  It 's completely crazy but it 's not too minty , " says Henriksen . "  If you made mojitos with it , it would be a disaster because it would n't add what you expected . Its aroma is very subtle and elegant . "  I use it to marinate meat , like a carpaccio , because it 's not too perfumed or too overpowering . " Henriksen and Stoltz sometimes go on their own private foraging sessions where they talk tastes , plants and new ideas . When Henriksen was serving grilled breads on a stick -- a Danish children 's favorite known as snobrod -- Stoltz suggested he try using branches from a black cherry tree . This , said Stoltz , would add almond flavor . Henriksen was so impressed that he ended up putting the branches through a wood chipper and used them to cook a syrup . "  You also have to evolve as a chef , " said Henriksen . "  There might be some things you did n't initially like but all of a sudden you get into it . It changes all the time . " "  I still get blown away by what 's here . " Dragsholm Castle , Dragsholm Alle , 4534 Horve , Denmark ; +45 59 65 33 00 Foraging trips run from April to October .	Dragsholm Castle is at the forefront of Denmark 's world acclaimed Nordic natural cuisine revolution Foraging safaris take guests on ingredient gathering expeditions around the 800-year-old building Former Noma chef Claus Henriksen forages his ingredients for the castle 's two restaurants from the area
CNN  -- Jennifer Lopez was "  homeless " just months before she had her big break . The 43-year-old superstar was cast as a Fly Girl dancer on the sketch comedy show "  In Living Color " in 1991 . But before she took on her first major gig in Hollywood , Lopez reveals she was living rough . Lopez and her mother often argued about the life decisions she made , but the star could n't help but live out her dreams . "  My mom and I butted heads . I did n't want to go to college -- I wanted to try dance full-time , " she explained to W magazine . "  So she and I had a break . I started sleeping on the sofa in the dance studio . I was homeless , but I told her , ` This is what I have to do . ' A few months later , I landed a job dancing in Europe . When I got back , I booked ` In Living Color . ' I became a Fly Girl and moved to L.A. . It all happened in a year . " Lopez has two children of her own with estranged husband Marc Anthony . The star believes she will instill a strong work ethic in her five-year-old twins Max and Emme through leading by example . "  I think a lot about teaching my kids to work hard . I 've learned something about kids -- they do n't do what you say ; they do what you do , " Lopez explained . "  I watched my parents . My dad worked nights , and I was aware of how much he was doing for us . My mom was a Tupperware lady and also worked at the school . I always felt that I could n't let them down . And I had a natural discipline from early on . I was always training for something . " See the original story at Covermg.com .	Jennifer Lopez reveals in W magazine that she was homeless for a time The star says she slept on a sofa in a dance studio while pursuing her dream career Within a year , she landed her big break on "  In Living Color " Lopez hopes to instill the same drive in her kids , Max and Emme
Darren Wilson 's version of what happened when he confronted Michael Brown has expanded since he gave his first recorded interview to detectives , but the key parts have stayed largely the same . Witnesses corroborated and disputed what Wilson said about events leading up to the police officer 's fatal shooting of the unarmed teenager in Ferguson , Missouri , on August 9 . Much of the crime scene evidence supports Wilson 's story , but there are also some key differences , according to an analysis of available material . Wilson spent 31 minutes being interviewed by police the day after the shooting , about four hours in front of the grand jury , and another 45 minutes talking to George Stephanopoulos of ABC . The police interview was largely procedural -- what happened when -- while his answers to the grand jury got more into description and motives . To ABC , he added a few key points and revised an unfavorable view of the Ferguson neighborhood where he shot and killed Brown . The police interview from the day after the shooting and the grand jury testimony were released as part of court records for a case that was closed on Monday when the grand jury decided there was no probable cause to indict Wilson in Brown 's death . There were other interviews with law enforcement -- on the day of the shooting to local detectives and weeks later to the FBI -- that have not been released . Wilson 's story always starts the same way . It had been a quiet shift when he responded to a 911 call to help a sick baby . Medical staff arrived to treat the infant and as he was heading back to his police car on Canfield Drive , he heard a call of a theft in progress , with a description of what he said was a black male in a black T-shirt . He called out on the radio to the other officers involved , "  Do you guys need me ? " but got no response . Black T-shirt , cigarillos The black T-shirt that Wilson mentioned in both his police and grand jury interviews was key . After Brown reacted so strongly to Wilson 's instruction to walk on the sidewalk , Wilson said he took a good look at him and saw he was carrying cigarillos , the item that had been reported to have been stolen just minutes earlier . Wilson then looked in his mirror at Brown 's friend Dorian Johnson and when he saw he was wearing a black T-shirt , he put two and two together . "  That 's when it clicked for me because I now saw the cigarillos . I looked in my mirror , did a double-check that Johnson was wearing a black shirt -- these are the two from the stealing , " he told the grand jury , echoing his police interview . The call logs from the Ferguson police dispatch -- also released as part of the grand jury records -- do show that a "  stealing in progress " was reported by the dispatcher . But the suspect was mentioned as being a black male in a white shirt who took a whole box of Swisher brand cigarillos . Minutes later , an officer came on the radio with more of a description -- one that pretty closely matched Michael Brown that day : "  He 's with another male . He 's got a red Cardinals hat , white T-shirt , yellow socks , and khaki short . " We do n't know if there was any separate alert about a man in a black T-shirt . The struggle at the car Wilson said the identification of Johnson and Brown as suspects was what led him to reverse his car back to the pair . To the grand jury , he elaborated that he angled his car "  to kind of cut them off , kind to keep them somewhat contained . " That 's when the confrontation with Brown began -- the slamming of the car door , the fight as Wilson was inside the car , a shot fired , then another . Brown 's blood and skin tissue inside the car , a close-range gunshot wound to the base of his right thumb , and two bullet casings found near Wilson 's car support at least that there was a struggle over Wilson 's gun . Wilson told the detectives how he ran through in his mind what he could do -- mace , baton , flashlight -- before going for his gun . To the grand jury , he expanded , describing a "  use of force " triangle as to what reaction was appropriate . To the grand jury , Wilson also described his fear . He told jurors Brown was so powerful that when he grabbed the 18-year-old 's forearm , "  I felt like a 5-year-old holding onto Hulk Hogan . " He also used that analogy to ABC . Later , he told Stephanopoulos that he was also asking himself how the situation could have escalated so quickly . And then Brown ran . Crime scene evidence shows he lost his baseball cap at the car , then first his left sandal and then his right as he ran down Canfield Drive . Wilson did n't address with the detectives why he got out of the car . To the grand jury , he said he had lost his "  comfort zone " in the car . "  I wanted to be out of the car , that way if I need to run I can run , " he said . He continued : "  But I also did n't want him to run away , so I need to kind of stay where I can keep him there , keep myself safe and wait for someone to get there . " ABC 's Stephanopoulos also asked why he got out and Wilson agreed it was his duty . "  That 's what we were trained to do , " he said . What shell casings show , and what they do n't Wilson also told ABC he ran through a mental checklist to determine whether he had the legal right to shoot Brown and decided that he did . It 's impossible to tell from the 10 shell casings found farther down the road exactly how many shots were fired and when , or where Brown and Wilson were in relation to each other . But some of the casings were found farther from the car than Brown 's body , suggesting that the men did head some distance east before Brown turned and headed west again , with Wilson backing up . The autopsy showed no bullets hit Brown 's back . The fatal shot hit Brown in the head from a downward direction as he bent down or was falling . Wilson said Brown fell on his face after the fatal shot . He added that Brown had been moving with such momentum that his feet came up into the air before coming to rest on the ground . Abrasions were noted by the county and family-hired pathologists , and the family-hired pathologist concluded "  the most likely cause " for the wounds would be that Brown lost consciousness and his face would have been unprotected when he hit the roadway . Where were Brown 's hands ? To both detectives and grand jurors , Wilson said that as Brown charged at him , Brown balled his left hand into a fist and put his right hand in the waistband of his shorts . That hand stayed in the waistband throughout the encounter , he said . He told the St. Louis County detectives : "  During his first stride , he took his right hand put it under his shirt and into his waistband . And I ordered him to stop and get on the ground again . He did n't ; I fired , a , multiple shots . After I fired the multiple shots I paused for a second , yelled at him to get on the ground again , he was still in the same state . Still charging , hands still in his waistband , had n't slowed down . I fired another set of shots . Same thing , still running at me , had n't slowed down , hands still in his waistband . " When Brown was 8 to 10 feet away , Wilson fired at his head -- the fatal shot . And Wilson said the arm had not moved . "  When he went down his hand was still under his , his right hand was still under his body looked like it was still in his waistband . I never touched him , " he told detectives . The investigator from the Office of the Medical Examiner sent to the crime scene took no photographs , telling the grand jury later that the battery in his camera had died . And CNN could find no photographs of the body in the materials released by the prosecuting attorney . But the medical investigator did describe how the body was lying . One arm was indeed near Brown 's waist . But it was the left , not the right . "  The deceased was lying in the prone position . His right arm was extended away from his side . His left arm was next to his side his lower arm was beneath his abdomen and his hand was near the waistband of his shorts . " Wilson used his interview with ABC to revise what he 'd said about Ferguson and the Canfield Green area . While he told the grand jury it was a "  hostile environment " and "  anti-police , " he told Stephanopoulos he was sad about the riots that hit Brown 's Ferguson neighborhood after the grand jury decision was revealed . "  That community is really a great community . " And while he stood by all his actions , Wilson added one more sentiment in the ABC interview that he had n't been asked about by the detectives or in the grand jury -- remorse . "  Everyone feels remorse when a life is lost . ... I never wanted to take anybody 's life , " he said .	Three interviews with Darren Wilson are now public His story followed the same lines when told to detectives , the grand jury and ABC Witnesses corroborate and dispute what he said Evidence from police logs , crime scene supports much of the story but questions remain
