Santa Ana , California  CNN  -- A surveillance video played a key role as closing arguments got underway Tuesday in the trial of two former Fullerton , California , police officers accused in the beating death of a mentally ill homeless man . Kelly Thomas was severely beaten by deputies the night of July 5 , 2011 . He later died in a hospital . The surveillance camera footage shows Thomas being beaten , clubbed , and stunned with a Taser by police . The case drew national headlines . During closing arguments , District Attorney Tony Rackaukas told jurors that the confrontation was started by former police officer Manuel Ramos . On the video Ramos can be heard telling Thomas , "  These fists , they are going to f *** you up . " Rackauckas told the jury that Kelly Thomas was simply trying to protect himself from an unprovoked beating . Rackauckas told the jury , "  Kelly Thomas pleaded -- pleaded -- that he could not breathe . Apologized . But the use of force continued . " But an attorney for one of the police officers painted a very different picture of that night . John Barnett told jurors the case was "  not about a about a homeless , helpless , harmless Kelly Thomas . " Barnett painted a picture of Thomas as a mentally ill methamphetamine addict with a violent past . Barnett argued that Thomas was uncooperative with officers who were responding to a complaint that a homeless man was attempting to break into parked cars . The prosecution and the defense even disagree about the cause of Kelly Thomas 's death . The coroner ruled that Thomas died from respiratory failure as a result of the beating . Defense experts have testified that Thomas 's death was due to heart abnormalities caused by long-term drug use . Barnett told jurors , "  There is a controversy among the leading minds in the field . " Former officer Ramos is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter . He faces a possible sentence of 15 years to life in prison if convicted . He is the first police officer charged with murder in an on-duty incident in Orange County history . A second former officer , Jay Cincinelli , is charged with involuntary manslaughter and excessive use of force in the case . Both were fired from the Fullerton police department following the beating incident .	Kelly Thomas , 37 , died after being beaten by Fullerton Police Department officers Two former officers are on trial in his death Manuel Ramos is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter Jay Cicinelli is charged with involuntary manslaughter and use of excessive force
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- An admitted supporter of terrorism testified in federal court Tuesday about his connection to Syed Haris Ahmed , a former Georgia Tech student who is on trial for similar charges . The FBI says Syed Haris Ahmed took casing video of the Pentagon and discussed attacks on the United States . Zubair Ahmed , who is not related to the defendant , entered a guilty plea in the Northern District of Ohio last January to one count of providing material support to terrorism as part of a plea agreement . The charge carries a 15-year prison sentence , but he said he hopes to get an eight - to 10-year sentence for cooperating with the government . Zubair Ahmed , a 30-year-old Chicago resident , said he traveled to Egypt with his cousin during the summer of 2004 with the intent of eventually entering Iraq or Afghanistan to fight "  violent jihad " against the United States . Before they could make it out of Egypt , Zubair Ahmed 's father found out about his son 's whereabouts and traveled to the country and brought him home . Zubair Ahmed testified he met Syed Haris Ahmed on a Web site that discusses Islamic issues . "  We shared the same opinion , " Zubair Ahmed said . The two eventually met in Chicago where Zubair Ahmed said they briefly discussed "  violent jihad . " The two men often communicated online through coded words or the Urdu language , Zubair Ahmed said . He explained a number system they devised to refer to the stages of their faith : 1st , the ideological phase ; 2nd , the logistical phase ; 3rd , the fight or battle phase . "  Last time we met we were 1st . Now we are almost 3rd , " Syed Haris Ahmed wrote to Zubair Ahmed in an online chat session during November 2005 , according to testimony . Earlier Tuesday , Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert McBurney presented e-mail and online chat session evidence seized from Ahmed 's hard drive by the FBI , showing Ahmed was referred to as the leader by his alleged co-conspirators . FBI Special Agent James Allen testified that coded e-mails spelled out Ahmed 's intentions to enter a terrorist training camp during a trip to Pakistan in July 2005 . "  The curry place  Pakistan  is our main area for picnic and then spend the night at the mountain hills national park  terrorist camp  , " Ahmed allegedly wrote in an e-mail . Defense attorney Jack Martin argued there is no evidence his client ever had a specific plan . Martin said in Pakistan , Syed Haris Ahmed 's family talked him out of attending a camp . "  I talked to my cousins and they put some sense into me , " Ahmed can be heard saying on a recording during an interview by the FBI . Martin has argued his client is a shy , highly emotional young man . Martin said Ahmed moved to a suburban Atlanta neighborhood with his family when he was 12 years old . He did not have a religious role model and turned to the Internet to find his religious identity as a Muslim , Martin said . Martin said there was never any agreements established with co-conspirators and the actions of Ahmed were nothing more than "  childish fantasies . " Syed Haris Ahmed , 24 , and alleged co-conspirator Ehsanul Islam Sadequee are charged with providing material support to terrorists and other conspiracy counts . Sadequee is set to go on trial in August . Ahmed and Sadequee are accused of discussing attacks in the United States that include oil refineries and a military base . Prosecutors say they also made casing videos of landmarks in the Washington , D.C. , area . Watch videos allegedly shot by Ahmed and Sadequee " The short , shaky videos were allegedly emailed to other co-conspirators and found on the hard drives of at least two men who were arrested on terrorism charges in the United Kingdom . Martin maintains the videos are amateurish and silly , but prosecutors pointed out that the defendant stated during an FBI interview the videos were sent "  to prove that , you know , we are something . " Ahmed waived his right to a jury trial and agreed to allow U.S. District Judge William Duffey decide his case .	Zubair Ahmed testifies he discussed "  violent jihad " with Syed Haris Ahmed Prosecutors : Syed Haris Ahmed took videos of Washington sites , discussed attacks Defense claims Ahmed was acting out "  childish fantasies , " did n't make terror plans
CNN  -- What 's it like to be a woman today ? On Thursday , the world marks International Women 's Day , first observed more than 100 years ago . Decades later , take a look at how women fare in the areas of education , jobs and more , and how American women compare with others around the world : Health and well-being 86 years -- The average life expectancy for a woman in Japan , the longest in the world 81 years -- The average life expectancy for a woman in the United States 44 years -- The average life expectancy for women in Afghanistan and Zimbabwe , the shortest in the world 16.5 million -- The approximate number of women living with HIV/AIDS worldwide , 50 % of the total number 59 % -- The percentage of HIV-positive adults in Sub-Saharan Africa who are female , approximately 12.9 million people 21 % -- The percentage of HIV-positive adults in North America who are female , approximately 252,000 people 54 % -- The percentage of U.S. women who died of heart disease , cancer and strokes in 2007 out of all causes -- approximately 658,000 people 177 -- Number of countries that provide paid maternity leave 0 -- Amount of paid maternity leave guaranteed in the United States Labor and employment 91 % -- The percentage of a man 's paycheck that a woman in Sweden earns , working in manufacturing 57 % -- The percentage of a man 's paycheck that a woman in South Korea earns , working in manufacturing 81 % -- The percentage of a man 's paycheck that a woman in the United States earns , in all fields 58 % -- The percentage of U.S. women who participate in the work force , up from 33 % in 1950 0 -- Number of female CEOs in the top 20 companies on the Fortune 500 Education 86 % -- The percentage of girls enrolled in primary school worldwide 39 million -- Number of girls worldwide who are not in school , 54 % of the total number of children 850,000 -- Number of girls in North America and Western Europe not in school 510 million -- Number of illiterate women worldwide , two-thirds of the total number of illiterate people 87 % -- Percentage of U.S. women who have at least a high school diploma 28 % -- Percentage of U.S. women who have at least a college degree Politics 95 -- The number of women serving in the 112th Congress in the United States 17 % -- The percentage of U.S. Congress members who are female 56 % -- The percentage of Rwanda 's parliament who are female 2 -- The number of countries that allowed women to vote in 1911 2 -- The number of countries that prohibit women from voting in 2012  Saudi Arabia and Vatican City	International Women 's Day is March 8 It was first observed more than 100 years ago Take a look at how U.S. women compare with others in areas of jobs , education and more
CNN  -- Police in Miami Beach , Florida , said Thursday no charges will be filed against retired NFL star Darren Sharper after a four-month sexual assault investigation . A police spokeswoman , Vivian Thayer , said the case was closed , but could be re-opened if new evidence emerges . Thayer said an assistant state attorney decided to shutter the investigation because there was no physical evidence , no witnesses and the alleged victim made conflicting statements about the sexual encounter . Sharper , 38 , faces rape charges in Arizona and California and a warrant for his arrest was issued in Louisiana . He also is under investigation in Nevada . He has pleaded not guilty to assaults in California , where he has been jailed in Los Angeles since February after turning himself in . His next court appearance is scheduled for Friday . Shaper 's attorneys have said that he had consensual sex with women . Sharper played for the Green Bay Packers , Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints from 1997 through the 2010 season . The five-time Pro Bowl player intercepted 63 passes in his career , tying for seventh all-time . He is tied for second all-time in interceptions returned for touchdowns with 11 , according to Pro-Football-Reference . com . He recently worked as an NFL Network analyst but was fired after the rape allegations surfaced .	Darren Sharper has been charged in two states while another seeks his arrest He turned himself in , has been in jail in Los Angeles since February Police spokeswoman says Miami Beach case closed due to lack of evidence Sharper has maintained that he had consensual sex with his accusers
CNN  -- A Moroccan court on Friday sentenced to death Adil Othmani , the main suspect in a terrorist attack in Marrakech last spring , Morocco 's state news agency , Maghreb Arabe Presse , reported . Othmani was held responsible for an explosion that tore through a cafe April 28 , killing 17 people and wounding 20 others . The blast occurred at Cafe Argana in Place Jemaa el Fna , a bazaar and square popular among tourists . Moroccan authorities said the bomber remotely triggered two explosives , which he had placed there while disguised as a Western hippie . A Moroccan Ministry of Justice official who refused to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the case confirmed that a death sentence has been handed down to the mastermind of the bombing , the news agency reported . Another man , Hakim Dah , was sentenced to life in prison ; defendants Abdssamad Bettar , Azzedine Lachdari , Ibrahim Cherkaoui and Skiribia Wadia were each given sentences of four years in prison ; Mohammed Reda , Amhinni Mohammed , Dehhaj Abdelfattah were given three years each .	Adil Othmani gets the death sentence for an explosion last spring in Marrakech The blast tore apart a cafe , killing 17 people Blast occurred at square popular among tourists
New York  CNN  -- New York police on Sunday touted the impact of their much-criticized "  stop , question and frisk " policy , claiming it has contributed to a spike in the number of firearms confiscated and coincided with what is shaping up to be a historically low murder rate . Comparing numbers from the first three months of 2012 to the same period last year , the number of such stops increased 10 % while the number of illicit guns taken away went up 31 % , according to a New York Police Department statement from Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . Meanwhile , New York 's murder rate has plunged 21 % year-to-date as of last Friday -- meaning , if the current trend continues , the yearly number of murders in the city would be the lowest since such statistics first were recorded , as such , in 1963 . "  New York City continues to be the safest big city in America , and one of the safest of any size , with significantly less crime per capita ... than even small cities , " the department said . Police cited Operation Impact and the "  stop and frisk " policy as key reasons for the improving crime statistics . But the policy has been criticized sharply by some as grounds for racial profiling . Donna Lieberman -- executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union , which has described the practice as "  unlawful and racially biased " -- blasted the latest release of data , accusing the police department of trying to "  massage the numbers to make this look like an effective and worthwhile program . " "  What  this policy  does is terrorize moms of color about the well-being of their sons , who have to navigate how to survive unwarranted intrusion into their activities by a police department for doing absolutely nothing wrong , " she said Sunday in a statement . Added Darius Charney , senior staff attorney for the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights , "  It is mind-boggling that , after years of public outcry and in the face of strong evidence that stop-and-frisk violates people 's rights and does not make them safer , the NYPD has doubled down on this discriminatory and ineffective practice . " Another critic , City Council member Jumaane Williams , earlier this year questioned how the policy affects the police department 's relations with minorities in the city . "  Communities are losing trust with the police , which is one of the biggest crime-fighting tools that we have , " Williams said . Minorities are far more likely than whites to be questioned under New York 's program , according to police department statistics . Of those stopped and frisked -- 93 % of whom were males -- 54 % were African-American , 33 % were Hispanic , 9 % were white and 3 % were Asian . Yet the police department , including Commissioner Ray Kelly , has argued that the policy ends up disproportionately protecting those in minority communities . African-Americans and Hispanics made up 96 % of all New York shooting victims and 90 % of murder victims last year , police said . Therefore , a drop in such shootings citywide would logically equate to fewer minorities ' being killed . New York police pointed out there were 124 murders this year in the city through April 29 , compared with 158 in Chicago -- which , with about 2.7 million people , has less than one-third of New York 's population . Those figures could n't be clearly matched on the city of Chicago 's website . Official crime data from Chicago did note 120 homicides in that city through April 20 , while the Chicago Tribune 's RedEye website recorded 169 homicides as of May 9 . "  The continuing murder decline in New York is vindication of the NYPD 's policy of engagement , which includes Operation Impact , police stop and questioning and use of the Real Time Crime Center to get timely information into detectives ' hands as quickly as possible , " New York police said in their statement Sunday . Civil liberties advocate Lieberman acknowledged progress regarding crime , but disputed the idea that this can be credited to "  stop , question and frisk " -- or that such trends are n't evident elsewhere without such policies . "  Crime has gone down and stop-and-frisk has gone up , but that does n't meant that stop-and-frisk is  the  reason for reduction in crime . It 's gone down in almost every city in the last decade , " she said . "  It 's time for  Mayor Mike Bloomberg  and Police Commissioner Kelly to treat people of color as if they were their own families . " While 31 % more firearms were recovered in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the same stretch one year prior , only 13 % more weapons total were confiscated , according to police statistics . That is because most such seized weapons are knives , at about seven times the rate for guns . The vast majority of those stopped , questioned and frisked walk free without punishment . According to data from 2012 's first three months , 5 % of those ended up being arrested and another 5 % were served summons . Both rates are slightly below those from the previous year . CNN 's Nina Ibarra contributed to this report .	NEW : Police "  massage the numbers " to support "  stop , question and frisk , " a critic says NEW : Police "  doubled down on  a  discriminatory and ineffective practice , " says another critic Blacks and Hispanics are most likely to be stopped , and also be murder victims in New York Police say statistics show it works , pointing to a low murder rate and more guns seized
CNN  -- Former U.S. Sen. Howard Baker , a one-time towering political figure in Washington who also served presidents and famously asked during the Watergate scandal what Richard Nixon knew and "  when did he know it , " has died . He was 88 . A Tennessee Republican , Baker made his political mark over four decades , serving as majority leader and also ran for president in 1980 . Baker 's former press secretary , Tom Griscom , confirmed that he died on Thursday . A statement released by Baker 's wife , former Sen. Nancy Kassebaum , and his two children from his first marriage , Darek Baker and Cynthia  Cissy  Baker , said his death was a "  time of sorrow and also a time for the celebration of a remarkable life . " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said he would be remembered "  with fondness by members of both political parties . " Baker was first elected to the Senate in 1966 and led the chamber from 1981-85 . He was Reagan 's chief of staff from 1987-88 , and was ambassador to Japan under President George W. Bush . President Barack Obama said in a statement that Baker 's unofficial role as the "  Great Conciliator " had "  won him admirers across party lines , over multiple generations , and beyond the state he called home . " Former President George H.W. Bush said Baker was "  adept at listening to the other guy state their position as he was at articulating his own . " CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger said Baker thrived an era when Democrats and Republicans often compromised to get things done in Washington . "  He was one of those senators who could walk across the aisle , cut deals and he was respected on both sides , " Borger said . "  Today in the Republican Party , that would be taken as a negative . " Former first lady Nancy Reagan said in a statement that she and her husband had "  the greatest respect " for Baker 's dedication to service . "  Howard was one of Ronnie 's most valued advisers , his integrity and ability to create cooperation between the Congress and the White House was unparalleled , " she said . "  Most importantly , though , he was a good and trusted friend . " Baker also played a key role in the Watergate investigation that led to the downfall of President Richard Nixon . As the vice chairman and ranking Republican of the investigation into Nixon 's connection to the 1972 break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters in Washington , Baker famously asked "  what did the President know and when did he know it . " People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Baker died on Thursday . He was 88 He was a former majority leader , presidential candidate , and White House chief of staff Baker excelled in an era of compromise , known as a conciliator
CNN  -- Jeff Yeager says the economic downturn is an opportunity for people to simplify their lives and be content with less . More than 40 percent of the average household food budget is spent on eating out , says Jeff Yeager . The author of "  The Ultimate Cheapskate 's Road Map to True Riches " has some ideas for saving $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 a year . The savings do n't necessarily require sacrifices , he says , but rather choices that can lead to greater happiness . Yeager talked with Heidi Collins on Tuesday on "  CNN Newsroom . " A transcript of their conversation follows . Heidi Collins : How did you become a cheapskate , if you will ? Jeff Yeager : Well , you know , I 'm about 50 years old . I grew up in the Midwest , and back then , spending money was really a last resort . We led sort of a simpler life , and I think , in a lot of ways , happier , Heidi . And that 's really what I write about is , maybe there 's a silver lining to this economic downturn . Maybe we can simplify our lives , be content with less and actually enjoy life more . Collins : All right . As a fellow Midwesterner , I share your cheapskate thoughts already . Yeager : You are a sister of the cheaphood . I knew it , Heidi . Collins : Well , hey . I do wonder , though , as you 've gone through this process , if you will , if you become the ultimate cheapskate , are you noticing now a lot more people kind of joining your club ? Yeager : You know , they are . And again , I do n't really talk about a life of sacrifice . I talk about a life of choices and how , in many instances , less can be more . Watch Jeff Yeager explain his savings suggestions " You know , in this economy , we hear a lot of stories about how to get more stuff for 20 percent less . I 'm not saying that 's unimportant . But maybe we 're missing the real point . The secret to the time is being content with less . Collins : OK . Wow . I like the way you talk . All right , so let 's get to these five things , because that 's what everybody really wants to hear about . Specifically , what they can do . And again , this is in order to save 20,000 to $ 30,000 a year . Really ? Yeager : If these things apply to your family . Collins : OK . Yeager : And they are -- let me say in advance -- these are some fairly radical changes . But , again , it 's probably not about sacrifice . It 's about changing your life and maybe in the end being happier . Collins : OK . Well , very good . First thing you say , give up your cell phone . Yeager : Give up the cellulite life . I will use myself as a poster child . You know , I have a fairly successful career , a very happy life . I 've never owned a cell phone , and nothing awful has ever happened . Collins : Now , wait a minute . I 've got to push back for a second , because a lot of people will tell you you can be happier with a cell phone because you 're out of the office and you 're with your family more , still able to still do business . Yeager : We can debate all that , but 10 or 15 years ago , none of us had it , and nothing awful happened . It seemed to me we were really quite happy . Average cell phone plan costs about $ 100 a month . There 's an interesting article in the recent Christian Science Monitor that shows the actual cost of using a cell phone could be more than $ 3 a minute by time you factor in unused minutes and so on . Collins : Wow . All right . You say you might not need that second car and certainly not the third ? Yeager : Americans own about 2 1/2 cars per family . Can you give up one ? The Auto Club says it costs about , on average , $ 1 a mile to drive a car by the time you factor in the cost of the car , depreciation and so on . So , you could easily be talking about $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 savings by sharing the remaining car that you have , using public transportation and so on . Collins : OK . Give up meals prepared outside your home . Quit going out for meals no matter what , if it 's just a salad or a fancy fancy dinner ? Yeager : More than 40 percent of the average American family household food budget is spent on meals prepared outside the home . You can cut that by 80 percent by cooking those same meals at home and you know , maybe recapture some family time around the dinner table . Collins : Yes , there would be people who would argue with you about that , though , too , because our culture is just so socially oriented to food . Every dinner , every business meeting , every lunch . Yeager : We 're too busy to cook because we 're too busy earning the money to spend it by dining out . Collins : Yes , yes . All right , you also say quit shopping for new clothes . Yeager : Yes . Here again , it 's what 's good for your pocketbook and good for the environment . Less than 2 percent of clothes that we throw away in America are worn out . The average family spends about $ 1,800 on clothing . Certainly most of us have more than enough stuff in our closet that we could go six months , even a year without buying new clothes . Collins : Yes , and then maybe just get it tailored or updated or something . Accessorize , I do n't know , right ? Yeager : And again , less than 2 percent of the clothes we throw away are worn out . That 's a waste of the Earth 's resources . Collins : All right . And finally , give up college room and board . You want the kids to live at home forever ? Yeager : This is a big one , you know ? Back in my day , if you have a child in school , consider having them live at home while they go to school . It 's been a huge generational shift . Back in my days , lots of people , including myself , lived at home when we went to college . Therefore , we did n't take out any college student loans . Now , of course , most kids go away to school , take out student loans . When they graduate , what do they do ? They move back home with mom and dad ! Let 's skip the money step !	Author Jeff Yeager says radical changes can lead to big savings Lose your cell phone and give up second or third car , Yeager says Families spend more than 40 % of budget on eating out , so cook at home , he says Quit shopping for new clothes , and have kids live at home while at college , he says
Peosta , Iowa  CNN  -- President Barack Obama placed the blame for Washington 's current political paralysis squarely at the feet of his Republican opponents Tuesday , telling CNN that the GOP 's "  ideological rigidity " is standing in the way of compromises necessary for stronger economic growth . In a wide-ranging interview with Wolf Blitzer , the president said the inability of GOP leaders in Congress to support a recent $ 4 trillion deficit reduction deal focused more heavily on spending cuts than revenue increases is evidence of a party placing political considerations before national interests . Americans want to see "  Democrats and Republicans putting country before party , " he said . "  The fact that Speaker  John  Boehner and folks in his caucus could n't say yes to that  deficit deal  tells me that they 're more interested in the politics ... than they are in solving the problem . " Obama 's interview on the campus of Northeast Iowa Community College was conducted in the midst of a three-day presidential swing through the politically pivotal Midwest , a region believed to be critical in determining the outcome of the 2012 campaign . The discussion touched on a host of domestic and international topics , though the president noted the importance of the fragile economy heading into next year 's election . "  Ultimately , the buck stops with me . I 'm going to be accountable , " Obama said . But the president was quick to emphasize the "  mess " he inherited from former President George W. Bush in 2009 . He also stressed the economic drag created by state and local government layoffs , as well as "  headwinds " from Europe 's debt crisis , a tsunami-ravaged Japan and higher gas prices resulting from the Arab Spring . "  We 've made progress since the start of this recession back in 2008 .  But  it has n't been fast enough . We 've got to accelerate it , " Obama said . The president stressed that he is "  going to need a partner " in Congress -- now partially controlled by the Republicans -- in order to pass legislation needed to strengthen the economy in the short term . Obama renewed his call for an extension of payroll tax cuts as well as some business tax breaks . He also urged Congress to pass stalled trade deals with Panama , South Korea and Colombia . He noted his intention to unveil new job growth legislation for senators and representatives to consider once they return from their summer recess after Labor Day . "  I 'm going to make my best case for where we need to go " as a country and make "  one more run at Congress , " he said . The president was largely dismissive of the Republican presidential field , claiming he was not thinking about it too much at the moment . "  I 'll let  the Republicans  winnow it down a little bit , " he said . But once the GOP chooses a presidential standard-bearer for 2012 , "  I 'll be ready for them , " the president promised . Asked to respond to Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's assertion that members of the armed services would prefer a commander in chief who has served in the military , Obama said presidential candidates have "  got to be a little more careful " about what they say . But as Perry had just entered the race over the weekend , Obama said , he will "  cut  Perry  some slack " for the moment . Regarding former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney 's remarks that "  corporations are people , " Obama conceded that corporations play a critical role in the generation of wealth . He stressed his disagreement with some conservatives , however , over the closure of tax loopholes benefiting certain major corporations . "  If you tell me that corporations are vital to American life , that the free-enterprise system has been the greatest wealth creator we 've ever seen ... that I absolutely agree with , " Obama said . But "  if , on the other hand , you tell me that every corporate tax break that 's out there is somehow good for ordinary Americans ... then that I disagree with . " Romney and Perry are considered by most political analysts to be leading contenders for the Republican presidential nomination . The president also dismissed growing Republican calls for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution , arguing that such a dramatic change should n't be necessary to put America 's fiscal house in order . "  We do n't need to amend our Constitution in order to do that , " Obama said . "  Why ca n't Congress simply make good choices ? " The president stressed that the federal government often needs to run deficits in cases of war or recession , partly in order to help state and local governments that are now required to keep their budgets in balance . While admitting that politically popular entitlement programs such as Medicare are contributing to Washington 's spiraling deficits , Obama refused to offer details about what he is willing to do to help control medical costs . He stressed the need to lower health care costs as a whole , as opposed to going along with GOP attempts to "  voucherize " Medicare and leave more responsibility for health expenses in the hands of vulnerable seniors . Turning his attention to national security , the president said federal officials are remaining vigilant as the country approaches the 10th anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks . "  The risk is always there , " he said in response to a question about the prospect of an attack launched as revenge for the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Obama said the greatest threat at the moment is a potential "  lone wolf " terror attack from a single individual , similar to what recently occurred in Norway . But "  as president of the United States , I worry about all of it , " he said . Shortly before his sit-down interview with CNN , Obama talked about the best and worst parts of being president -- a position he called the "  greatest job on Earth . " He said the best part is hearing from regular people about how policies he has put in place have improved their lives . The worst part , Obama said , is when he talks to a family member of a fallen soldier . "  You 're reminded of the incredible sacrifices that people are making for our country . And then when you see sometimes our politics not living up to that level of commitment and patriotism that we see from our troops , that gets a little bit frustrating , " he said . The president wrapped up his regular interview by noting that if he is re-elected in 2012 , his gift to daughters Sasha and Malia will be "  a continuation of Secret Service so that when boys want to start dating them , they are going to be surrounded by men with guns . " When he was elected in 2008 , Obama told his daughters he would get them a puppy -- a promise that was eventually fulfilled . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	President Obama says greatest terror threat now comes from possible "  lone wolf " attack Obama says he will be "  accountable " for economy but blasts GOP cost-control plans Obama tells Wolf Blitzer he 's not thinking much about possible GOP opponents Obama says he 'll cut Perry slack over claim that military members want veteran in office
CNN  -- The last white president of South Africa said the post-apartheid land is still trekking toward prosperity for all and a better democracy . "  Fact is that in South Africa , transition is taking its time , " F.W. de Klerk said in an interview aired Thursday on "  Amanpour , " hosted by CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  I 'm convinced it 's a solid democracy and it will remain so , but it 's not a healthy democracy . " Two decades ago , de Klerk joined with then-African National Congress leader Nelson Mandela to end the notorious system of racial separation known as apartheid . Their efforts led to a Nobel Peace Prize . Read more : South Africa ` secrets ' bill sparks outcry Today , de Klerk said , the ANC -- the party in control -- is too powerful , its leaders have lost their "  moral compass , " and it needs to split . "  Any democracy in which one party has 65 percent of the vote and all the other parties share in the remaining 35 is not healthy , " said de Klerk , who spoke with Amanpour during a summit of Nobel laureates in Chicago . "  On paper , we have a wonderful constitution . We 've had a number of successful , free elections . We 've had peaceful handover of power from one president to the other . So we really comply with the definition of a good democracy . But the party political situation needs to be normalized . " De Klerk said the system is failing to deliver to the people . "  The main failure , why we have n't made better progress , " he said , "  does not lie in any way whatsoever in the agreements we reached , which we negotiated between 1990 and 1994 and 1996 . We agreed upon a good constitution , which is a transformational document . "  It is practical policies which have failed to bring a better life to the masses , which led to the enrichment only of the few , also amongst the new black elite . The middle class is growing fast , but somehow or another , the quality of service delivery had deteriorated substantially . Education has actually moved some steps backwards . " De Klerk cites high unemployment as a grinding problem , with a rate of 50 percent among blacks between ages 18 and 34 . He was asked about a proposal by activist Desmond Tutu for whites to pay a wealth tax , given their heritage of privilege . "  I think already , if you analyze who pays tax , the tax structure is quite stringent on high-income earners , " he said . "  Inasmuch as the white forms the biggest percentage of high-income earners , they pay tax comparable to what very rich people pay in other countries . "  The whites in South Africa do n't mind putting their hands in their pockets . They realize that all of us share a joint destiny , a common destiny , that we need to win the war against poverty . There is n't a resistance against paying tax . "  There is irritation if the high taxes paid are misspent . If there is not a frugal administration of the finances , if millions and millions are spent on non-worthwhile get-togethers and on luxury cars and on this and on that . There is not a resistance against being part of the solution by putting their hands deep in their pockets . " Asked about a statement from Tutu calling the ANC worse than the apartheid regime , de Klerk said he was "  slightly surprised . " "  I think it explains that those who say it 's only the whites who are concerned about what is happening at the moment , it demolishes that assumption . It proves that moderate , well-disposed , serious black South Africans are as concerned about the loss of its moral compass by the present ANC leadership . " Mandela became president of South Africa on May 10 , 1994 , after decades of white minority rule . De Klerk said he and Mandela have been "  close friends . " "  Not the closest in the sense that we see each other once a week . Also we live apart . But he 's been in my home as a guest ; I 've been in his home as a guest . When I go to Johannesburg , my wife and I will have tea with him and Graca , his wife . No , we call each other on birthdays . " Mandela is age 93 and de Klerk is 76 . "  There is no animosity left between us , " he said , even though there once were tensions "  The main cause for the tensions when there were tensions between us was the ongoing political violence , " De Klerk explained . "  His accusations and personal attacks upon me , as if I were responsible for it , as if I were looking away and allowing it to happen , not recognizing that extensive efforts which I made to identify the culprits . So that was the main cause of the tension . " He said he first met Mandela when he was brought "  under the cover of darkness " to his office from a prison where the longtime activist was being held . "  I have read , of course , everything I could read about him beforehand . I was well briefed . I was impressed , however , by how tall he was , by the ramrod straightness of his stature , and realized that this is a very special man . He had an aura around him . He still has an aura around him . He 's truly a very dignified and a very admirable person . " De Klerk said it was true that Mandela said he had to persuade his associates "  to sit down with the enemy . " "  I had to convince some of my supporters in the same vein , " he said . "  But can I say that from the beginning , in the negotiations , I realized that he was also a good listener , reaching out to the one speaking , trying to understand what lies behind what was being said . I felt it that first evening . And both of us later wrote in our respective autobiographies , after that very first meeting , we could report back to our constituencies , I think I can do business with this man . " Amanpour noted that Mandela had once called de Klerk "  a man of integrity " but had taken it back , regretting that de Klerk had never renounced the principle of apartheid . De Klerk said he was n't aware Mandela said he "  never renounced apartheid . " "  I have made the most profound apology in front of the Truth Commission and on other occasions about the injustices which were wrought by apartheid , " he said , referring to the panel established to help uncover past government errors and abuses and to foster amity . He said he has n't issued an apology for "  the original concept of seeking to bring justice to all South Africans through the concept of nation states , " the creation of separate black and white states . "  In South Africa it failed , " he said . "  And by the end of the ' 70 's , we had to realize , and accept and admit to ourselves that it had failed . And that is when fundamental reform started . " He was then asked if apartheid failed because it was unworkable , or because it was simply morally repugnant . "  There are three reasons it failed , " he said . "  It failed because the whites wanted to keep too much land for themselves . It failed because we  whites and blacks  became economically integrated , and it failed because the majority of blacks said that is not how we want our rights . " Still , de Klerk would not back off his belief in the validity of the original concept of "  separate but equal " nation states . "  I do n't apologize for saying that what drove me as a young man , before I decided we need to embrace a new vision , was a quest to bring justice for black South Africans in a way which would not -- that 's what I believed then -- destroy the justice to which my people were entitled . My people , whose self-determination  was  taken away by colonial power in the Anglo World War . " That , de Klerk said , is how he was raised . "  And it was in an era when also in America and elsewhere , and across the continent of Africa , there was still not this realization that we are trampling upon the human rights of people . So I 'm a convert . "	F.W. de Klerk is the last leader of white-ruled South Africa He says the ANC is too powerful and that is a problem There 's grinding unemployment in the country , he says He says he and Nelson Mandela are "  close friends "
CNN  -- Ryan Alexander Jenkins , a reality TV contestant suspected in his wife 's slaying , was found hanging from a coat rack in a motel room in an apparent suicide , according to Canadian officials . Police were hunting for Ryan Alexander Jenkins after the death of Jasmine Fiore . Staff at a motel in Hope , British Columbia , found Jenkins dead , officials said . "  It was a man hanging by a belt from a coat rack , " Kevin Walker , the manager of the budget Thunderbird Motel , told CNN affiliate CTV on Sunday . Walker said a woman , about 20 to 25 years old , dropped off Jenkins at the motel on Friday in a silver Chrysler PT Cruiser with Alberta tags . Police have not been able to identify the woman . Watch how suspect found in hotel " Earlier Sunday , Canadian authorities said they had credible information that Jenkins was in Canada and called on him to turn himself in . He was believed to be armed and dangerous . Watch what led police to hotel room " The nude body of Jenkins ' wife , former swimsuit model Jasmine Fiore , was found last weekend in Orange County , California . CNN has not confirmed reports that the marriage was annulled . Fiore 's body was found last Saturday in a Dumpster behind an apartment complex in Buena Park , just outside Anaheim , California . Her teeth had been extracted and fingers removed in what police said was an apparent attempt to conceal her identity . Law enforcement sources have told CNN that Fiore was identified through the serial numbers on her breast implants . Fiore lived in Los Angeles and was last seen alive in San Diego at a poker game with Jenkins , the night before the body was found . Jenkins reported Fiore missing last Saturday night to the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , authorities said . The body was identified Monday as Fiore . While the cause of death had not been confirmed , a preliminary coroner 's report indicated she was strangled . According to court records in Las Vegas , Nevada , Jenkins was charged in June with battery for allegedly striking Fiore in the arm with his fist . And in 2007 , Jenkins pleaded guilty in Calgary , Alberta , Canada to assault in a separate case . He was sentenced to 15 months probation , ordered to undergo counseling for domestic violence and sex addiction and to stay away from the person involved , according to court records . Jenkins , who appeared on the VH1 show "  Megan Wants a Millionaire , " is from Calgary . 51Minds , which produced "  Megan Wants a Millionaire , " said Thursday in a written statement that it "  was not aware of Ryan Jenkins ' record when it cast him . "  The company did have in place what it thought was a thorough vetting process that involved complete background checks by an outside company for all contestants on its shows , " it said . "  Clearly , the process did not work properly in this case . 51 Minds is investigating what went wrong and taking steps to ensure that this sort of lapse never occurs again . " CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Body of Ryan Jenkins found hanged in British Columbia hotel , police say Authorities say preliminary evidence points to suicide Body of Jasmine Fiore , 28 , found stuffed into a suitcase inside a dumpster Her teeth were extracted , fingers removed , making it harder to identify body
CNN  -- When James Huberty walked into a McDonald 's restaurant 25 years ago this month , he knew he was going to kill somebody . He probably did n't know his murderous rampage would change how police departments work . Police help a wounded customer out of a California McDonald 's where a man killed 21 people in 1984 . At 3:40 p.m. on July 18 , 1984 , Huberty carried a long-barreled Uzi , a pump-action shotgun and a handgun into a McDonald 's in San Ysidro , an enclave of San Diego , California . Witnesses said the unemployed welder and security guard started shooting immediately , and kept on shooting for 77 minutes until a police sniper on a nearby rooftop ended the siege with a bullet through Huberty 's heart . When the carnage ended , Huberty and 21 victims -- including grandmothers , an infant , children on bicycles and teenage McDonald 's employees -- lay dead inside and outside the restaurant . Nineteen others were wounded . San Diego police Capt. Miguel Rosario , a patrol officer back then , was the first cop on the scene , believing he was responding to a single accidental shooting . Carrying a standard-issue .38 - caliber revolver with six bullets , the Marine Corps veteran was in for the fight of his life against a much-better-armed opponent . "  Talk about feeling inadequate , " Rosario said . "  He 's got an Uzi , I 've got a .38 , and I 'm thinking it 's a robbery gone bad and his buddies are going to encircle me . " Rosario would later play a key role in beefing up officers ' weaponry and training to stop violent criminals . When Rosario arrived at the McDonald 's , he saw people hiding behind cars in the lot . He did n't know what was going on , but "  I got that little sick feeling in the pit of my stomach , " he said . Watch the chaos outside the McDonald 's " He looked up to see a man -- Huberty -- open a side door of the restaurant , the Uzi across his chest . The two men eyed each other , and then Huberty moved aggressively . The SWAT-trained officer ducked behind a parked pickup truck , "  and he started opening up on me , " Rosario said . He was badly outgunned and knew it . Worse , he believed he had more than one adversary . "  I would n't have minded taking him on one-on-one , " Rosario said in his transplanted South Bronx accent . "  But if he had buddies in there and they had shoulder arms , I would have been in a world of hurt . " Huberty fired about 30 armor-piercing rounds at the officer , who could hear them striking metal posts and skipping off the asphalt . From behind the truck , Rosario radioed in a Code 10 -- "  send SWAT " -- and seconds later a Code 11 -- "  send everybody . " San Diego 's SWAT team then consisted of patrol officers with extra training who carried their special equipment in their squad cars , Rosario said . Huberty retreated inside as other police units arrived . Rosario ran back to his car to retrieve his Ruger Mini-14 military-style rifle . Two patrol officers fired shotguns to cover Rosario while he took up position . But he could n't get a clear shot . Reporter Monica Zech had a bird 's - eye view of the scene . She was giving traffic reports from a small airplane for local TV and radio stations . "  I looked down and could see that there was people ducking for cover , and there was a fire truck there with everybody behind it , " she recalled . She saw two boys lying on the ground , tangled in their bicycles after being shot by Huberty , and people hiding behind the low walls of the restaurant 's playground . Circling at 3,000 feet , Zech alerted authorities to close nearby Interstate 5 and the Tijuana border crossing a few blocks away because drivers were heading straight into the line of fire . The bright sunshine and the eatery 's smoked windows made it hard for police to see inside , but eventually Chuck Foster , a police sniper on the post office roof next door , got a clear view of Huberty near the counter . Foster dropped him with a single shot through a glass door . The battle was over , but the lessons were just beginning . Police clearly needed more firepower and a new strategy , Rosario said . "  The time had come where you had to have a full-time , committed and dedicated , highly trained , well-equipped team ... that were committed to shooting , being in shape and being able to respond rapidly anywhere in the city , " he said . "  We did n't have what we have now , " Rosario said . "  We have a special response team -- hostage rescue -- very elite , well-trained . It 's an elite team within SWAT . We have access to helicopters now and all of that kind of stuff . We did n't have none of that back then . " After San Ysidro , the department created a dedicated unit that trains continuously and uses much more formidable weapons and tactics . "  We became pretty much special forces specialists , if you will , " he said . Police departments nationwide soon realized their own need for tactical specialists . The San Ysidro massacre seemed to introduce a "  cluster " of mass shootings in the '80s and early '90s , said James Alan Fox , a Northeastern University professor and author of six books on mass murder . These included post office rampages in Oklahoma , New Jersey and Michigan , and culminated with the Luby 's restaurant slaughter in Killeen , Texas , in 1991 , in which 23 people were killed . Michael T. Rayburn , an independent police firearms trainer in Saratoga Springs , New York , said the San Ysidro incident and others -- including gangland battles of the 1920s and more recent episodes like the infamous North Hollywood bank shootout in 1997 and the Columbine school massacre in 1999 -- force police to keep developing new weapons and tactics . "  As police officers , we do n't have wind tunnels or expensive laboratories . We 've learned , unfortunately , out on the street , and we pay for it in blood and sometimes our lives , " he said . After the McDonald 's massacre , other cities sought advice from San Diego on how to develop tactical teams . Now , such elite units are part of most larger departments across the country . Another change after San Ysidro is how departments handle officers who have been involved in traumatic incidents . For the first time , San Diego debriefed all involved officers and provided professional counseling for those who needed it . Now , it is common practice . "  We saw the benefit and the need for that , " Rosario said , though in 1984 he blew off steam in Las Vegas for two days in lieu of counseling . Many departments still fall short , but awareness of the need for psychological services is much greater now than in the '80s , said Lynn Winstead Mabe , a police counselor and consultant in Grapevine , Texas . "  I truly think they 're beginning to care about the psyche of their people , " she said .	Rampage at San Ysidro , California , McDonald 's killed 21 Police were outgunned by one man with high-powered weapon First cop on scene recalls being pinned down by barrage from Uzi Afterward , police department beefed up elite tactical unit , added counseling
CNN  -- The effects of the U.S. federal government shutdown are threatening to ripple out into the solar system . NASA 's next mission to Mars , due to launch next month , is in danger of being delayed . "  We are just inside of seven weeks to launch and we are shut down , " Bruce Jakosky , the head of the mission , said late Wednesday . The project , known as Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission  MAVEN  , aims to put a spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet to study how it lost much of its atmosphere and became a desolate world . Scientists find evidence of supervolcanoes on Mars MAVEN is currently scheduled to take off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida on November 18 and has a 20-day launch window . If it misses that opportunity , the team will have to wait more than two years for their next chance to launch , according to Jakosky , a planetary scientist at the University of Colorado , Boulder . Large parts of the U.S. government began shutting down early Tuesday , and there is so far little sign of a solution to the political crisis that caused the stoppages . The shutdown has already had an effect on preparations for the Mars mission , with a launch dress rehearsal and mission readiness review canceled this week , Jakosky said . The mission has some margin for delays in its schedule , he said , but "  every day is gold . We hate to give up margin days . " Water discovered in Martian soil When the shutdown started to become a real prospect , MAVEN scientists began talking to NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland in the hope that their project would be exempt , Jakosky said . But it was n't . Opinion : Shutdown a huge waste and cost to science If the paralysis drags on , the setback to the project could be more than just a 26 month wait for the next launch window . "  The MAVEN mission is studying the sun 's impact on the Mars upper atmosphere , " Jakosky said . "  Launching in this window places them at a solar maximum , for the greatest impacts of the sun 's effect on Mars ' upper atmosphere . The next window , if they are forced to launch , would put the spacecraft 's arrival at solar minimum . " NASA grounded by shutdown	Seven weeks before the planned launch , "  we are shutdown , " says project leader If the mission misses its window , it will have to wait another 26 months The MAVEN project aims to study the Red Planet 's loss of much of its atmosphere A launch rehearsal and mission readiness review have already been canceled
CNN  -- Federal officials are investigating a "  potential conflict " between two planes at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport , which happened shortly after Vice President Joe Biden 's plane landed . "  It has nothing to do with Biden 's plane , " a Federal Aviation Administration official said . An investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board will look into the incident Monday morning between an ExpressJet plane taking off from one runway , while a SkyWest jet was preparing to land on an intersecting airstrip , an official told CNN Homeland Security correspondent Jeanne Meserve . The SkyWest aircraft , which was coming in behind the other jet , was ordered to circle around the airport after an air traffic controller recognized the potential conflict , the official said . It made an otherwise normal landing . The ExpressJet takeoff was not altered . The flights were being handled by different air traffic controllers , according to the official , who said there was "  no operational error " -- a term used when flights get too close to each other . The official did not say how close the planes were . The incident took place shortly after Biden 's plane landed at the airport for the inauguration of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel .	The incident took place shortly after Vice President Joe Biden 's plane landed It involved two planes at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago "  It has nothing to do with Biden 's plane , " an FAA official says Federal officials are investigating
CNN  -- It 's already capable of carrying more passengers than any other commercial aircraft , but the Airbus A380 could be about to squeeze in a few extra . In a move that adds a dose of economic reality to airline dreams of luxuriously pimped superjumbos , the plane 's manufacturer says that next week it will unveil a new 11-seat-row economy-class configuration . By raising the three seats next to each window a few inches to take advantage of extra fuselage space , Airbus says it will create enough room to accommodate five people in the middle of the plane . While the prospect of spending a long haul flight stuck in the middle seat might be unappealing for passengers , Airbus says it makes sense for airline revenues . "  Several customers are saying they are interested in looking at ways of making the aircraft more productive , " Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon tells CNN . Murdo Morrison , editor of Flightglobal magazine , says the new configuration indicates that financial realities are catching up with airlines , which once promised to fill their A380s with casinos and double beds . He says sales of the European manufacturer 's flagship have been disappointing since the plane was launched in October 2007 . "  With the price of fuel going up so much , the focus for airlines is economizing and trying to get as many passengers as possible into an aircraft , " he tells CNN . Raised capacity Dubon says the extra seats , which wo n't compromise on the existing 18-inch width of current chairs , would raise economy-class capacity by 7 % . This would mean 30 more seats in a standard cabin layout , but even when full would put the A380 well short of its maximum load capacity . "  The middle seats will be the last ones filled , " he says , adding that the center seats could prove popular with families . Airbus declined to reveal which airlines were pushing for increased capacity , but says 11-seat mockups will go on display at the Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg , Germany , from April 8-10 . Morrison says that while few passengers will rush to claim the center seats , there will be no significant increase in discomfort . "  The drawback of any five-seat block is , if you are in the middle , you 've always got two people to climb over , but you 've already got that if you 're in the window seat of a block of three , " he says . "  Ultimately it is the airline 's decision -- they have to get the balance between adding seat capacity and what the passengers will put up with . "  If you pack in too many it becomes claustrophobic and that could have a detrimental affect on the airline . "	Airbus says it will unveil new economy class seating configuration that puts 11 seats in a row of its A380 superjumbo Extra seats will be added by partially raising the floor of the cabin to maximize fuselage width Analyst says extra seats show economic realities have caught up with luxury plans for the huge aircraft
CNN  -- More than 10 years after her death , Linda Lovelace probably remains America 's best known porn star  apologies to Jenna Jameson and Traci Lords  . It 's an unlikely distinction given that Lovelace -- by her own estimation -- only spent a total of two and a half weeks working in the adult film industry . But those two and a half weeks included shooting "  Deep Throat , " the X-rated film that turned into a pop culture phenomenon after its release in 1972 . It became the first adult film to cross over to mainstream audiences , earning an astounding $ 600 million . There are many reasons the film became such a breakout hit . Some have described "  Deep Throat " as the first porno film that attempted to tell a story , albeit a ludicrous one . " ` Deep Throat ' had a plot , " said Darwin Porter , author of "  Inside Linda Lovelace 's Deep Throat : Degradation , Porno Chic and the Rise of Feminism . " "  I mean , not a great plot , but a plot . "  It had certain comedy overtones to it , too , and this was very unusual and bizarre  for a porno film at that time  , " Porter told CNN . Porter says "  Deep Throat " also benefited from a legal and moral crusade waged against the film . "  So many people wanted to ban  the film  , beginning with the government and certainly Mayor John Lindsay of New York , " Porter said . "  When  Lindsay  banned it in New York , he made the movie famous all over America . " Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt offers a more straightforward explanation for the film 's broad appeal . He told CNN it amounted to fascination with Lovelace 's gift for a particular sex act suggested by the film 's title . Flynt told CNN , "  I think it 's the unique talent shown during the film is what piqued a lot of excitement . " The huge success of "  Deep Throat " might lead some people to imagine that its star led a charmed life . But that was far from the case , to judge from the recent biopic , "  Lovelace , " starring Amanda Seyfried in the title role . The film actually presents its audience with two versions of the Lovelace story . For most of the film , she is shown as being manipulated into porn by her then-husband , Chuck Traynor . But in an darker version of events shown toward the film 's end from Lovelace 's point of view , she is depicted as essentially a sex slave . Neither scenario is a happy one . Flynt , who says he knew Lovelace and Traynor , seems to believe the darker version . "  She was just being used every step of the way , " he told CNN . "  It was n't something where she 'd wake up every morning and think , ' I ca n't wait to get to work in the morning . ' That was n't the situation . " Flynt said Traynor prostituted Lovelace , forcing her to make adult films . "  That type of coercion did exist , " he said . "  I think she was being very much controlled by Chuck  Traynor  . ... That 's why I refer to him as a pimp . " But not everyone sees the matter as that black and white , including actor Chris Noth , who plays "  Deep Throat " producer Anthony Romano in "  Lovelace . " "  I 'm not clear if she was totally pushed into it , " Noth told CNN . "  In the scope of what you can read and see about her , it 's hard to believe that situation in totality . " Porter believes Lovelace was coerced into doing porn "  to a degree . " The author says Lovelace demonstrated considerably more free will during the three years after "  Deep Throat , " during which , he says , the actress capitalized on her fame to run with a celebrity crowd . "  She dated the top stars of Hollywood , and nobody forced her to do that , " Porter said . Porter claims many a Hollywood luminary -- including John Wayne , Burt Lancaster , Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin -- was eager to ascertain whether Lovelace 's sexual technique lived up to the legend . Porter says it was another member of the Rat Pack who helped her make the rounds of Hollywood 's A-list . "  Sammy Davis Jr. did more than anyone to make her the queen of porno chic , " Porter said . "  He suggested that the ` in thing ' to do was to have a date with Linda Lovelace . He was virtually her publicist . " Lovelace eventually renounced "  Deep Throat " and Hollywood . She divorced Traynor , married another man , raised a family and lived , in her words , as a "  typical housewife . " For a time , she publicly campaigned for the elimination of pornography . "  Linda Lovelace became a spokesman for the anti-pornography movement , " Porter noted . "  She was adopted by the leading feminists , the most important of whom was Gloria Steinem . " This phase of Lovelace 's life was to have been portrayed in the biopic . Demi Moore was cast to play Steinem , but she dropped out . The part then went to Sarah Jessica Parker , but her scenes were later cut from the film . Lovelace later split with the feminists . "  Linda felt that ultimately she was being used by them , " Porter said . Lovelace , who preferred in later years to go by her married name , Linda Marciano , died in 2002 as a result of a car crash . Traynor , her ex-husband , died a few months later of a heart attack . Toward the end of Lovelace 's life , her views on pornography and "  Deep Throat " continued to evolve . "  She started attending porno conventions and started selling ` Deep Throat ' memorabilia , " Porter said . "  It was almost a turnaround , a reversal for her . " As for her legacy , Flynt says Lovelace will always be an icon because "  she was in the right place at the right time . " And that time , he said , was a turning point in the culture . "  At that point in our history the Supreme Court was trying to figure out how to deal with pornography , " he told CNN . "  Suddenly 16 millimeter film was available and it was n't long before Beta and VHS became available and you could move these movies directly into the homes . So you see a very budding industry there  in the '70s  that was no longer something that was in the seedy back room of some adult bookstore . " Porter also sees Lovelace as a historic figure . "  She did launch a billion dollar industry and she is the queen of it all -- a very unlikely queen , but history sometimes selects unusual people to put on thrones . "	More than 10 years after her death , Linda Lovelace remains a porn icon Over the course of her career , she embraced and denounced "  Deep Throat " Some , like Larry Flynt , believe Lovelace was used as a sex slave by her husband
CNN  -- Basketball Hall of Fame member Jerry Buss , who had owned the Los Angeles Lakers since the National Basketball Association franchise 's resurgence and dominance began in 1979 , died in Los Angeles on Monday morning , a Cedars-Sinai hospital spokeswoman said . He was 80 . Buss died at 5:55 a.m. , said the spokeswoman , Nicole White . He had been in poor health , suffering from an unspecified type of cancer . The Lakers won 10 NBA titles under Buss ' ownership . Those championship teams featured such all-time greats as Magic Johnson , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant . "  The NBA has lost a visionary owner whose influence on our league is incalculable and will be felt for decades to come . More importantly , we have lost a dear and valued friend , " NBA Commissioner David Stern said in a statement . "  He was a dear friend , keen mentor and brilliant businessman , " said O'Neal , who played eight seasons for the Lakers . "  He 'll always be remembered for his dedication in bringing the best to the purple and gold and I 'm proud to have been part of his honorable legacy . " The franchise will remain in the hands of the Buss family , the team said in a statement . Buss is survived by four sons and two daughters , among others . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report from Los Angeles , and Mark Morgenstein wrote it in Atlanta .	Basketball Hall of Famer died at a hospital Monday morning Buss had been in poor health , suffering from an unspecified type of cancer The Los Angeles Lakers won 10 NBA titles under his ownership NBA Commissioner David Stern , former Laker Shaquille O'Neal recall his friendship , vision
Vice President Joe Biden will be in Iowa on Sunday , which will once again trigger speculation he may make a run for the White House in 2016 . Biden will headline the annual steak fry put on by longtime Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin . The event , which dates nearly four decades , is one of the signature events for Iowa Democrats , drawing top politicians , and it has a rich history of attracting presidential hopefuls . Biden has not said whether he 'll make a third run for the Democratic presidential nomination . He launched unsuccessful bids in 1988 and 2008 . "  I can die a happy man never having been president of the United States of America . But it does n't mean I wo n't run , " Biden said in a July interview with GQ magazine . As for his timetable , he told CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger earlier this year that "  I have n't made that decision . And I do n't have to make that decision for a while . " But a trip to one of the crucial early voting states like Iowa , which kicks off the presidential caucus and primary calendar , sets off alarm bells among political watchers . Biden to South Carolina -- again There were a number of stories last month when Biden teamed with President Barack Obama at a campaign style event on education in Scranton , Pennsylvania , where Biden was born . The event did n't go unnoticed by the Republican National Committee , which posted a web video in advance that characterized the rally as the first step in the "  Biden 2016 kickoff tour . " At the event Obama praised Biden , noting it was the fifth anniversary of joining the Democratic ticket . Obama said it was "  the best decision I ever made politically . " Until last month , the RNC and pro-Republican groups had been concentrating firepower mostly on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . If she decides to run for the White House again , Clinton would be considered the Democratic frontrunner . Biden last appeared at the steak fry in Indianola in 2007 . Then a senator from Delaware , Biden shared the stage with Obama , Clinton , Chris Dodd , John Edwards and Bill Richardson . Biden was supposed to headline last year 's fry , but could n't make it . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , who 's also considered a possible 2016 contender , was the keynote speaker . Biden aides say he is showing up this year to honor a commitment he made to Harkin , a five-term senator who 's retiring after next year . Speaking with Iowa reporters on Thursday , Harkin said its way "  too early to speculate " about Biden 's prospects , but he added "  Joe Biden 's always had good support among Iowa Democrats . He 's very popular in a number of areas around the state . " According to local reports , Harkin also said Biden "  has a long history of working with Iowa Democrats , so I think that he would find - how should I phrase it ? - fertile ground in Iowa if he should choose to run . " Biden finished a distant fifth in the 2008 Iowa caucuses . The 2014 race to succeed Harkin will be competitive , and a couple of congressional contests in the Hawkeye state will also attract national attention . "  This trip is really about the 2014 election rather than about 2016 , " Larry Rasky , a longtime senior political adviser to Biden , told CNN . He pointed to a fundraiser later this month in the nation 's capital that Biden is headlining for Jim Mowrer , who 's challenging conservative Iowa Republican Rep. Steve King next year , to highlight the vice president 's efforts to help elect fellow Democrats in the midterms . While touting those efforts , Rasky also conceded that "  you can stop people from speculating . The vice president obviously has n't taken 2016 off the table and Iowa 's more than a little important . " The White House announced on Thursday that Biden will travel to the Port of Charleston in South Carolina to discuss jobs and infrastructure . Biden is also scheduled to visit the Port of Savannah , Georgia , later that day . While the visit is an official vice presidential trip , South Carolina just happens to be another crucial early voting state , holding the first southern primary in the race for the White House . This will be Biden 's second visit to the Palmetto State this year . "  You do n't want South Carolinians to feel unloved , " joked Rasky . Besides visits to the early voting states , another indicator of whether Biden may launch another presidential bid will be his decision on whether to set up a leadership PAC . Such a move could signal that he is taking more of an interest in setting up a possible campaign structure . A Biden political adviser , who asked to remain anonymous to speak more freely , said that a leadership PAC is "  still being mulled over . " Speaking before Biden at the steak fry will be San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro , who 's considered a rising young star in the party . Castro , who gave the keynote address at last year 's Democratic convention , is also considered a possible 2016 contender . Biden wo n't be the first sitting vice president to speak at Harkin 's event . RadioIowa news director Kay Henderson points out that Vice President Al Gore was the main attraction at the 1995 and 1999 events , before running for president in the 2000 election .	Biden due to attend Iowa fish fry on Sunday hosted by Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin Vice president has not said whether he will make a third bid for the White House Iowa kicks off early caucus and primary voting for 2016 race Biden finished fifth in 2008 Iowa caucuses , but later selected for ticket
Travel + Leisure  -- Gunny , a devoted Peninsula Beverly Hills guest , often visits the posh hotel , and the staff joyously greets him as he strides along the lobby 's marble floor . Retiring to his room , Gunny finds a specially monogrammed towel beside his bed and sits down to a grilled New York sirloin and scrambled eggs with aged Tillamook cheddar on bone china . And when he needs styling , the hotel 's Rolls Royce shuttles him to the salon . All pretty normal for a 5-star hotel -- except Gunny is a golden retriever . "  Like their owners , pets should have a chance to get away from their normal routine , " said the hotel 's head concierge , James Little . Travel + Leisure : America 's best dog-friendly hotels It 's not uncommon for a hotel to be pet-friendly these days . "  America is more pet obsessed than ever , " said Andrea Arden , pet expert for the Today Show . "  We see them as part as part of the family . " But some luxury properties go to such extremes to cater to pets that the line between man and man 's best friend is a bit , well , fuzzy . Pet bathrobes , pet massages , and pet treadmills are becoming practically de rigueur at five-star hotels these days . Vermont 's Spa at Topnotch , for example , has doggy Reiki . Hotels are also competing for Fido 's affection with food . The Mandarin Oriental , Miami offers grilled beef tenderloin , while Los Cabos ' Las Ventanas al Paraso features made-to-order dishes for pets with special dietary needs . The list of extras does n't stop with food , especially for chains like Loews , which has taken pet pleasing to new heights . When the surf 's up at Loews Coronado Bay Resort , in California , pups can join Su ` ruff Camp , where poodles and bulldogs alike can take a shot at catching a wave . And if you 've dreamed of your pup becoming the next Britney Spears , the Loews Vanderbilt Hotel in Nashville offers voice-coaching lessons and the chance to cut a CD . So what gives ? Are n't we recovering from a recession ? "  With the economy in bad shape , people cut back on their own luxuries , but not on their pets , " explains Arden . "  For many , indulging their pet is more rewarding than indulging themselves . " But some of these programs are focused on giving back as well . The Hotel Indigo Atlanta-Midtown donated $ 1 from each signature drink ordered during its "  Canine Cocktail Hours " this spring to help a local dog park . The hotel even invited the Atlanta Humane Society to bring four-legged friends to the event to encourage adoptions . Some of these pets may even become hotel guests . "  There 's nothing like when you 've had a bad day and you come home to your dog smiling and beaming unconditional love , " says Peninsula Beverly Hills concierge James Little . "  Why should n't you have that when you 're in a hotel ? " Travel + Leisure : Weirdest animal smuggling incidents The Ritz-Carlton New York , Central Park Before arrival , the staff contacts all guests to see if they have special needs or requests -- of course , this includes four-legged visitors as well . But there 's plenty that comes with the Pampered Pooch package , too , like wrought-iron pet beds , 22-karat gold plated ID tags , and home-baked dog treats . And when water is pouring down from the sky , both pet and owner can borrow Burberry raincoats . Las Ventanas al Paraso , Los Cabos A stress-reducing neck massage is the perfect antidote to a long flight , no matter whether that neck is human or canine . And at this Mexican resort , pets can also enjoy the beach or pool in a portable pet cabana . When it 's time to dine , the Canine Delights menu  served in metallic bowls with faux gem stones  features items like Rin Tin Tin  shredded braised beef and steamed rice  or made-to-order dishes for pets with special dietary needs . Loews Hotels , Nashville , Coronado Sure , there 's gourmet room service and luxurious bedding at Nashville 's Vanderbilt Hotel , but you can also have your pup cut a CD in a professional recording session . After being shuttled to a recording studio in a limo , dogs work with a voice coach  !  and howl along with a musician or bark to their favorite karaoke tune . It 's part of the chain 's Vacation for Pets learning camps , which includes Su ` ruff Camp at the Loews Coronado Bay Resort & Spa in San Diego where pups can learn to catch a wave . The Peninsula Hotels , Beverly Hills , New York , Chicago Humans have ergonomic chairs , so why should n't pets have the same for their bowls ? That 's just one of the perks at the Peninsula Beverly Hills , where they also receive monogrammed paw-printed towels and scented poop bags . At the Peninsula Chicago , treats include special room-service dishes like the Spaniel Spinach Salad with corn and chopped beef or Tabby Tuna Tartare . And the Peninsula New York offers a personalized menu option with the pet 's preferred brand of food . Kimpton Hotels , New York , Denver Side-by-side massages are usually meant for two humans , but at New York 's Muse Hotel , the "  Hers and Furs Pet-icure " the second creature should be canine . Kimpton properties have always featured a special devotion to animals , and that dedication has only grown ; today , each property welcomes the pet on the lobby activities board , and many have a resident pup . At the Denver 's Hotel Monaco it 's Tulo -- a cocker spaniel "  Canine Concierge " named after Troy Tulowitski , shortstop for the Colorado Rockies . Travel + Leisure : Most outrageous hotel concierge requests One & Only Palmilla , Los Cabos Your pet may not need a passport to travel to Mexico , but that does n't mean he does n't want one . Hotel staff will take your pup 's photo for a "  Dog Passport "  written in , um , "  Paw-lish "  and marked with a One & Only Palmilla passport stamp . Once you both make it through immigration , Fido will find gourmet menu offerings like organic roasted chicken , beef tenderloin , and steamed Pacific salmon . Pets can even relax in poolside doggie cabanas . Rome Cavalieri , Waldorf-Astoria Hotel & Resorts , Rome There are no toga-clad waiters serving your dog grapes , but the hotel does offer four-course pet meals of fish , game , or vegetable soup in Gucci dog bowls  and on golden trays to boot  . When it 's a little chilly in the Eternal City , order an Odilia Prisco Dog Haute Couture cashmere sweater with your pup 's name written in rhinestones . But Fido may not want to wear it during his visit to La Domus Aventina , a nearby dog spa , for his green-clay and aloe vera skin-and-hair-revitalizing massage . Hotel Indigo Atlanta-Midtown , Atlanta Even pets have stressful days and  like their owners  need a happy hour . So every Thursday night this spring , this hotel obliged , serving chicken , steak , or vegan options for pups . Humans joined in , of course , and when they ordered one of the Hotel Indigo 's signature drinks  a Greyhound , Salty Dog , or Yellow Lab  , $ 1 was donated to the local Piedmont Park Dog Park . Mandarin Oriental , Miami Four-legged guests receive a luxurious plush bed , a golden Mandarin Oriental collar tag , treats , bottled water , and a bone-shaped place mat . But so they do n't go hungry , culinary choices include grilled beef tenderloin , organic chicken breast , and gourmet desserts . Afterward , pups can work out with a certified trainer at the hotel 's Doggie Boot Camp and focus on issues like excessive barking , jumping , or housebreaking . And for the stylish dog , there are bathrobes with the Mandarin Oriental logo emblazoned in blue or pink Swarovski crystals . The Arizona Biltmore Resort & Spa , Phoenix Who does n't like welcome gifts -- especially if they include a cookie , commemorative bowl , and placemat ? The Biltmore also features a special room-service menu with Zen Yo , a hearty vegetable stir-fry with poached eggs , steamed brown rice , and salmon , which is perfect fuel for taking your pet on a walk around the property 's 39 landscaped acres  the hotel provides a map of the trails  . Topnotch Resort and Spa , Stowe , Vermont Reiki is n't just for humans . Here , pups can get a "  Rover Reiki " massage on a magnetic dog bed . "  Usually dogs are excited but calm down quickly as the therapist starts to work on them , " says Alexandra Sharpe , the resort 's spa director . "  At the end of the treatment the dogs are usually relaxed and sleepy . " Fortunately , they can then retire to an "  Aero Paws " inflatable dog bed wrapped in soft fleece covers , with Mini-Bone cookies at turndown . Travel + Leisure : General travel secrets Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Some luxury properties go to extremes to pamper pets Pet-friendly hotels now offer amenities from massages to gourmet food Four-legged guests at The Ritz-Carlton New York can enjoy a "  Pampered Pooch " package
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russia expressed interest in using Cuban airfields during patrol missions of its strategic bombers , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported "  There are four or five airfields in Cuba with 4,000-meter-long runways , which absolutely suit us , " Maj. Gen. Anatoly Zhikharev told Interfax . Zhikharev , who is the chief of staff of the Russian Air Force 's long-range aviation , said , "  If the two chiefs of state display such a political will , we are ready to fly there . " Zhikharev also told Interfax that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has offered a military airfield on La Orchila island as a temporary base for Russian strategic bombers . "  If a relevant political decision is made , this is possible , " he said , according to Interfax . Zhikharev said he visited La Orchila in 2008 and can confirm that with minor reconstruction , the airfield owned by a local naval base can accept fully-loaded Russian strategic bombers .	"  We are ready to fly there , " Russian Air Force official says Cuba has four or five fields that suit Russia , military official says Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez also has offered a military airfield
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Up a river without a paddle . That 's the situation an adventurous California sea lion found himself in after swimming up the San Joaquin River , ending up at Mape 's Ranch in Modesto , California , about a 100-mile drive from the Pacific Ocean . "  The pup traveled a mile away from the river , and surprisingly was found in the middle of one of our new baby almond orchards , " said Billy Lyons , manager of the family-owned ranch . "  I hope everything turns out OK . " Luckily for the sea lion -- nicknamed "  Hoppie " -- it looks like they will . The pup is recovering back along the coast at The Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito , California . He was underweight and malnourished when he arrived there last month but is eating well and gaining strength . After finding Hoppie , Lyons contacted the nearby San Joaquin River National Wildlife Refuge . Assistant wildlife refuge manager Eric Hopson arrived on site and with the help of ranch hands helped corral the sea lion into a trap , said Jack Sparks with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . Photographs provided by Sparks show Hoppie in a crate . In one , he appears to be fast asleep , nuzzled up against white towels . Hopson then contacted The Marine Mammal Center , which agreed to take the pup . He met a representative from the center in the parking lot of a strip mall to make the hand off , Sparks said . Hoppie is not the first California sea lion to swim up the San Joaquin River channel , according to The Marine Mammal Center . Another sea lion -- nicknamed "  Chippy " -- made the same journey in 2004 . He was found by police officers atop a cruiser . Sick sea lion ends up on hotel patio Lost sea lion pup visits neighborhood Dolphin refuses to leave Southern California channel	"  Hoppie " -- the sea lion -- traveled about a 100-mile drive from the ocean He was underweight and malnourished and is currently recovering Hoppie is not the first California sea lion to swim up the San Joaquin River channel
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Newt Gingrich is on the ropes , Tim Pawlenty 's dropped the gloves , and Mitt Romney will be in the middle . It does n't matter that Sarah Palin , Rudy Giuliani and Jon Huntsman decided to stay home . The game is on . No more hedging statements , exploratory committees , or one more discussion with the family before deciding to jump into the water headfirst . The final boxes have been checked -- save for Michele Bachmann . For the six others , the race for the GOP presidential nomination begins Monday night at the CNN/WMUR/New Hampshire Union Leader debate . Voters will be looking for the candidates to deliver answers on the pressing issues facing the nation , and Republican viewers will be watching for a candidate to take on President Obama in 2012 . Early polling shows GOP voters are not exactly enamored with the current field . Perhaps that would change if Palin and Giuliani decided to run . Huntsman told my CNN colleague Candy Crowley the other day that he is on the verge of making it official . He will run for president . An announcement is expected in the coming days . The former Utah governor sees the lack of enthusiasm with the current field as an opening , as long as GOP primary voters do n't punish him for serving as Obama 's ambassador to China . It is very early in the contest , but still much is at stake : for the "  front-runner , " the "  perceived alternative , " the "  wounded , " the "  I told you so , " the "  unknowns , " and "  those waiting in the wings . " Here are five things to look for Monday night that will help shape the race for the Republican presidential nomination : Pawlenty vs. Romney : For months , we in the media have speculated that Tim Pawlenty is setting himself up to be the alternative to front-runner Mitt Romney , a fellow former governor . While Romney must battle criticism that he is a flip-flopper , Pawlenty is trying to overcome the perception that he lacks the edge needed to be a strong leader . Pawlenty showed the sharpness of his political knife Sunday , when he accused Romney of devising the framework for Obama 's health care law . And he coined a new word for the political dictionary : "  Obamneycare . " Pawlenty will try to show that he not only has the policy chops , but is politically tough and savvy , an important trait some GOP voters will be looking for in their nominee to take on Obama . But Pawlenty must be careful he does not overreach in his criticism . Romney , who will be center stage , must successfully weather the expected attacks , punch back and effectively promote his CEO creds . Romney , a successful businessman , is basing his campaign largely on his ability to fix the economy -- the No. 1 issue facing this nation . Monday night , he will have the opportunity to sell it to a national audience and try to distinguish himself from his rivals . The wounded : Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich made a politically questionable decision to take a Mediterranean cruise during this critical building period of his newly launched campaign . When Gingrich returned , his staff fired him , because they did not think he was committed to the campaign . There is no question that Gingrich , a former college professor , is an intellect . He is a policy-making machine , but the former speaker needs to show tonight that he is unshakable during a time of crisis , and convince primary voters that the staff resignations are an inside-baseball story and he has the CEO qualities needed to run the nation . Expect Gingrich to follow Ronald Reagan 's 11th commandment , which dictated "  thou shalt not speak ill of any fellow Republican , " and instead focus his criticism squarely on Obama . Gingrich 's goal is to try to convince GOP voters he is the best candidate to defeat the president in 2012 and the most experienced to deal with the woes that face the nation . "  I told you so " : At this time four years ago , Ron Paul was a minor candidate , at odds with his own party , who was running a presidential campaign on a shoestring budget . Times have changed , and so has Paul 's status in the GOP field . Instead of polling in the low single digits , he is now in the mid - to high-single digits , is raising money at a healthy pace , and is no longer considered a fringe candidate . What happened ? Well , his message seems to have resonated beyond his eclectic group of supporters made up of young adults , anti-war activists and libertarian-minded Americans . He says the country is embracing his views , especially his opposition to the wars and calls for U.S. troops to leave Afghanistan . Tonight , Paul will be the same Paul that stood on this same stage in Manchester four years ago , except this time , he has more support and more money . But his message will be the same -- and do n't be surprised if he says "  I told you so . " The unknowns : Rick Santorum once held a senior Republican leadership position in the Senate , Michele Bachmann is a member of Congress , and Herman Cain is a successful businessman-turned-talk show host . Each is well known in social conservative circles and is vying for the support of this key voting bloc . Yet these three Republicans are not household names . They face the difficult task Monday night of striking a balance -- delivering red-meat rhetoric at the same time they 're introducing themselves to a broader audience . Bachmann , Cain and Santorum are competing for the same voters and thus risk splitting the vote three ways . Monday night , each will make a targeted pitch claiming to be the true social conservative , in the hopes of cementing that status with this important voting bloc . Waiting in the wings : What will they say during and after the debate ? Will Sarah Palin post a statement on Facebook criticizing the policies put forward by the debate participants ? Perhaps praise them ? Will Giuliani weigh in on the debate or simply ignore it ? And will Huntsman , who is just days away from joining the field , pick apart his future rivals ' answers ? Betting money is that Giuliani remains mum , Huntsman offers a critique , and Palin will have something to say -- on her Facebook page .	Early polling shows Republicans are n't totally enamored with the field Sarah Palin and Rudy Giuliani , who have n't announced , poll high among GOP voters Front-runner Mitt Romney must weather expected attacks and counterpunch effectively Do n't be surprised if Ron Paul says , "  I told you so "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Los Angeles Times ' headquarters aptly sits where the U.S. Army corralled camels during the Civil War , when Southern California was a desert with no natural resources . A new film on PBS explores how the Chandler family helped develop Los Angeles through their newspaper . Los Angeles ' development from an arid wasteland to a world metropolis and cultural capital is closely linked to the newspaper 's rise under the ownership of one family . "  It would still be a desert , " documentary filmmaker Peter Jones said , if Gen. Harrison Gray Otis did n't arrive in the 1880s to take over the bankrupt Los Angeles Times and his son-in-law , Harry Chandler , was n't there to follow him . Jones ' documentary is a saga of four generations of the region 's most powerful family shaping Los Angeles as they pursued their own civil agendas -- and accumulated wealth . "  Inventing L.A. : The Chandlers and Their Times " premieres Monday on PBS . Historian David Halberstam said in the documentary that the Chandlers dominated Southern California as no other family has dominated any major region of the United States . "  They did not so much foster the growth of Los Angeles as invent it , " said Halberstam , who died in 2007 . Harrison Gray Otis , Harry Chandler , Norman Chandler and Otis Chandler succeeded each other at the helm of the Los Angeles Times over a span of 100 years . The city grew from a small desert town to the nation 's second-largest city , while the family became one of the nation 's wealthiest . The Chandler family dynasty ended when the general 's great-grandson Otis Chandler was ousted as chairman of the Times board of directors in 1985 . The family eventually sold its Times-Mirror Company to Chicago 's Tribune Company -- which is now in bankruptcy . Each man 's personality and strengths were tailored for what was demanded of their time , said Jones . "  For each era , they were up to that particular era , " he said . "  You could n't actually rearrange them , " said Harry Chandler 's namesake and the great-great-grandson of the general . "  You could n't have a General Otis in late 20th-century America , " Chandler told CNN , referring to the dynasty 's founder who served as an Army general in the Philippine-American War before taking over the Los Angeles Times . "  His character was one of the period . ' I have a vision and everything I touch needs to support that vision and damn the consequences . ' " Otis used his newspaper to scare the public about the threat of drought , drumming up support for a 230-mile aqueduct -- one of the modern engineering marvels -- to divert water from the Owens Valley to Los Angeles , Jones said . He was part of a syndicate that bought vast tracts of barren land in the San Fernando Valley with the inside knowledge the Los Angeles Aqueduct would bring water there . The scandal later inspired Roman Polanski 's award-winning film "  Chinatown . " Otis also used the Times to influence the federal government 's decision to build the Port of Los Angeles , Jones said . "  He had the foresight to say ` We have to build a man-made harbor here in Los Angeles if we want to become a major port of trade , ' and today the Port of Los Angeles is the busiest port in the United States , " Jones said . The general and his successor son-in-law promoted investment in and migration to the Los Angeles area with stories of sunshine and opportunity . More people moving in meant more readers for their newspaper and demand for the real estate empire they were building . Harrison Gray Otis and Harry Chandler used their newspaper to create a vision of Los Angeles as "  America 's Great White Spot " -- free of crime and communism . They fought a decades-long battle against labor unions -- a battle that included the 1910 bombing of The Los Angeles Times headquarters . The Los Angeles film , aviation , high technology , shipping and oil industries grew from the Chandlers ' influence , Jones said . As a conservative Republican family , they helped launch Richard Nixon 's political career in post-World War II California . The story is not all about the men . Dorothy Chandler -- the strong-willed wife of Norman Chandler -- waged a relentless campaign to turn Los Angeles into a world-class cultural center , Jones said . She led a campaign to raise money to save the Hollywood Bowl and the Los Angeles Philharmonic . In doing so , she brought together the Westside Jewish community with the white Protestant establishment based in Pasadena , Harry Chandler said . Tom Johnson , who became first nonfamily publisher of the Times in 1980 , said one of Dorothy Chandler 's "  most remarkable " contributions was the successful effort to make sure her son Otis succeeded her husband as publisher in 1960 . "  The very new approach that Otis took and his leadership of the newspaper was just astounding , " Johnson said in an interview with CNN . Otis Chandler gave reporters editorial independence , opened news bureaus around the world and strengthened the paper 's coverage of the suburbs , Johnson said . Under Otis Chandler , it rose from being one of the worst major papers in the country to being one of the top three , Johnson said . "  It was his goal to make the Los Angeles Times one of the best newspapers , and he did it in 20 years , being the right publisher at the right time , " Johnson said . But Otis Chandler 's transformation of the Times from a conservative newspaper into a Pulitzer Prize-winning rival to the New York Times and Washington Post angered many Chandler family members . "  Some Chandlers were members of the John Birch society ; his paper did an expose on it , " Johnson said . Otis Chandler 's newspaper looked closely at the Los Angeles Police Department , "  which had a reputation to shoot first and ask questions , " Johnson said . The deep family rift eventually led to the sale of the Times-Mirror Company to the Tribune Company -- and the end of the dynasty . Johnson , who left the newspaper in 1989 and later became chairman of CNN , said the paper declined in the years since because "  rather than going for people who were superb newspaper people , they went outside to pick people who , in my opinion , blew the place apart . " Some Chandler family descendants cooperated with Jones ' efforts to explore the Chandler family 's dealings . "  He does n't whitewash , but he does n't dig into the dark side and linger too long , " said Harry Chandler , the son of Otis Chandler . The documentary is "  on whole , a very balanced , very accomplished , incredibly well researched " documentary , Chandler said . Jones said he avoided judging the motives of Gen. Otis and his successors . "  When these guys were going about building the city , sometimes they did things , I would n't say in an underhanded way , but in a very private way , " Jones said . "  How do you ascribe motives to people who did things 100 years ago ? Was it for greed , avarice and duplicity ? History in general is this tangled web of good and evil . "	"  Inventing L.A. : The Chandlers and Their Times " premieres Monday on PBS Historian : Chandlers not only dominated Los Angeles , they invented it Los Angeles grew from small desert town to nation 's second-largest city The Chandler family newspaper dynasty ended in 1985
Dallas , Texas  CNN  -- African-American workers at a Texas pipe factory endured a string of racial slurs and harassment and were targeted by their managers when they complained , federal investigators have determined . Black employees at the Turner Industries plant in Paris , Texas , regularly "  were subjected to unwelcome racial slurs , comments and intimidation , racial graffiti , nooses in the workplace and other symbols of discrimination , " the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission reported . Black workers also were denied promotions and disciplined more harshly than whites , the agency concluded in a three-page letter in late March . Managers at the plant not only were aware of a "  hostile environment , " they also targeted workers who complained and disciplined white employees who opposed the harassment , the EEOC found . The EEOC has called on Turner Industries , based in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , to join talks aimed at producing a "  just resolution " to the problems . The company said its plant "  is free from any form of discrimination , retaliation , or any other workplace conduct that violates the law . " "  We are disappointed that the EEOC has issued this determination and strongly disagree with the EEOC 's findings , " Michael Phelps , Turner Industries ' vice president for human resources , said in a written statement . Lawyers for the seven Turner employees who went to the EEOC displayed photographs of the slurs , of hanging nooses and threatening notes left for employees at the Paris plant during a news conference Wednesday . One of those employees , Dontrail Mathis , told reporters that he was frequently called racially inflammatory names and that most African-American employees were relegated to the paint shop . Mathis , a painter 's helper , said one co-worker who found out he was married to a white woman told him , "  In the Bible , it says that white women should n't mix with monkeys . " When he called Turner 's corporate office to complain about that incident , he heard nothing back , Mathis said . "  I tried to back away from it . It kept going and going and coming and coming , " he said . Jason Milligan , a former night foreman at the plant , said his bosses "  more or less wanted me to do their dirty work . " "  I watched certain people more than I did the others , to see if I could get anything on them that could be used against them , " he said . But he said he was fired after he refused to sign an affidavit accusing a Turner employee of theft -- a man he believed had been "  set up . " "  I 'm not going to lie for anyone , " Milligan said . "  He was a man just like me . He has a family to take care of . I 'm not going to do it . And from then on , that was my down-slide . " Milligan worked at the plant for nine months before he was fired . Company officials told him he was sacked for failing a drug test , he said . But a lawyer for the employees , Jay Ellwanger , said Milligan warned testers that he was taking a diet medication that could show up as a stimulant . Milligan said managers were told to document and clean off any racist graffiti immediately , but he said one such case he handled in his nine months at the plant was "  swept under the rug " when the person behind it turned out to be a relative of another manager . In the year since workers in the Paris plant went to the EEOC , similar complaints have emerged at other Turner factories in Texas , Ellwanger said . Paris is about 110 miles northeast of Dallas . The Rev. Peter Johnson , a state civil rights leader , said the problems reported at the Turner plant reflect a "  culture of discrimination " that lingers in East Texas . "  East Texas is Mississippi 50 years ago . This case will begin to help us unravel the history of discrimination and bigotry throughout East Texas , " he said . CNN 's Tracy Sabo and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	Investigators say African-American pipe factory workers endured racial slurs , harassment Workers say managers targeted them when they complained , denied them promotions White employees who opposed harassment were disciplined , they say Agency wants problems resolved ; company denies any "  conduct that violates the law "
EW.com  -- Four new movies were no match for the feline phenom "  The Lion King 3D , " which ruled the box office for the second weekend in a row with $ 22.1 million , according to studio estimates . The 1994 Disney classic dropped only 27 percent -- an incredibly impressive hold considering this is the re-release of a 17-year-old film that 's coming out on Blu-ray/DVD in one week . The 3-D version has now grossed $ 61.7 million , bringing "  The Lion King " 's cumulative tally to $ 390.2 million . Disney says it plans to extend what was originally intended to be just a two-week release , although details are still being ironed out . The weekend 's runner-up was the new Brad Pitt baseball drama "  Moneyball , " which batted a solid $ 20.6 million . If the estimate holds , that 'll represent the best opening ever for a baseball film , beating 2006 $  s "  The Benchwarmers "  $ 19.7 million  . Surprisingly for a sports movie , "  Moneyball " drew a crowd that was evenly split between men and women , although it skewed quite older , with 89 percent of the audience at least 25 years old . Both critics and moviegoers were fans -- the PG-13 film received some of the strongest reviews of the year and earned an "  A " rating from CinemaScore participants . "  Moneyball " will now try to follow in the box-office footsteps of last year 's "  The Social Network , " which debuted to a similar $ 22.4 million en route to a domestic total of $ 97 million . Both movies were released by Sony in the middle of fall and were written by Aaron Sorkin  who co-wrote "  Moneyball " with Steven Zaillian  . The two films even cost around the same amount to produce : $ 50 million for "  Moneyball " and $ 40 million for "  Social Network . " Right behind "  Moneyball " was the PG-rated family drama "  Dolphin Tale " with $ 20.3 million . The Warner Bros. film joined "  Soul Surfer " and "  The Help " to become the year 's third release to score an "  A + " from CinemaScore audiences . As a result , "  Dolphin Tale " is expected to hold up particularly well in the next few weeks and should easily earn back its $ 37 million budget . Showings in 3-D theaters accounted for 50 percent of the film 's opening . Fourth place went to Lionsgate 's "  Abduction , " starring "  The Twilight Saga " 's Taylor Lautner is his first solo lead role . The PG-13 action film debuted to a modest $ 11.2 million -- slightly below industry predictions . The $ 35 million movie received most of its business from young women , with 68 percent of the audience being female and 56 percent under than age of 25 . Abduction garnered a lackluster "  B - " rating from CinemaScore moviegoers , though women under the age of 18 were more generous with an "  A - " grade . And according to CinemaScore , 56 percent of ticket buyers listed Lautner as their main reason for attending the movie . So the 19-year-old actor does have box-office potential , but it 's currently limited to teenage girls . Finally , in fifth was the R-rated thriller "  Killer Elite , " which snagged a disappointing $ 9.5 million . The $ 66 million movie , starring Jason Statham , Clive Owen , and Robert De Niro , is the first picture to be released by Open Road Films , a partnership between the AMC and Regal theater chains . But despite its buzz-worthy cast , the film could n't match the $ 11.4 million debut of Statham 's last live-action project , January 's "  The Mechanic . " CinemaScore graders handed "  Killer Elite " a so-so "  B " rating . In limited release , the action biopic "  Machine Gun Preacher " -- starring Gerard Butler as real-life biker-turned-defender-of-Sudanese-orphans Sam Childers -- underwhelmed with $ 44,000 at four theaters . And "  Puncture , " featuring Chris Evans as a drug-addicted lawyer , also disappointed , grossing $ 35,700 from four locations . 1 . The Lion King 3D -- $ 22.1 mil 2 . Moneyball -- $ 20.6 mil 3 . Dolphin Tale -- $ 20.3 mil 4 . Abduction -- $ 11.2 mil 5 . Killer Elite -- $ 9.5 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Lion King " 's cumulative tally came to $ 390.2 million "  Moneyball , " batted a solid $ 20.6 million Right behind "  Moneyball " was "  Dolphin Tale " with $ 20.3 million
CNN  A Polish prosecutor on Tuesday asked a regional court in Krakow to consider whether to extradite famed film director Roman Polanski to the United States , where he is wanted for having sex with a minor in the 1970s . "  Further procedures in this case will be made by the court in Krakow , " the regional prosecutor 's office in Krakow said in a statement Tuesday . Mateusz Martyniuk , a spokesman for the prosecutor , said the court could take several weeks to reach a decision . U.S. officials have repeatedly tried to bring Polanski back to the United States to face sentencing in the decades-old case . Polanski pleaded guilty in 1977 in California to having unlawful sex with Samantha Geimer , who was 13 . Polanski was 43 at the time . He fled to Europe before he was sentenced . Geimer publicly forgave Polanski in 1997 and has called for the case to be dismissed . The director of "  The Pianist " has both French and Polish citizenship , and he has said he intends to film a movie in Poland , his parents ' homeland , this spring . Tuesday 's move by the Krakow prosecutor comes three months after Polish authorities , having received a request from U.S. officials to arrest Polanski , questioned the director but allowed him to leave after the interview . At the time , a spokesman for the Polish prosecutor general 's office said that authorities there did n't believe it was necessary to hold him while the United States sought to extradite him . U.S. attempts to extradite Polanski led to his arrest in Switzerland in 2009 . But the Swiss ultimately rejected the American extradition request in 2010 . Switzerland let him go because the United States did not supply all the legal records Switzerland requested , and because Polanski had a reasonable right to think he would not be arrested if he visited the country , Justice Minister Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf said at the time . Besides an Oscar win for "  The Pianist , " Polanski also received Academy Award nominations for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown . " CNN 's Steve Almasy and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	Roman Polanski fled the U.S. in 1970s after pleading guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old U.S. has repeatedly tried to have him extradited Woman publicly forgave Polanski in 1997 and has called for the case to be dismissed
CNN  -- Facebook will soon be using your Web browsing to help decide which advertisements you see . A new Facebook system will use your activity on other websites to send you what Facebook thinks are ads about your current interests . Advertisers will , in effect , be bidding to get their ads in front of you . Here 's an example : Say a Facebook user visits a travel website and clicks on a page about a vacation package to Las Vegas . If an advertiser has bid on that kind of search , that user could then see ads for discounted trips to Vegas the next time they visit Facebook . "  By bidding on a specific impression rather than a larger group , advertisers are able to show people more relevant ads while also running more efficient and effective campaigns , " a Facebook spokeswoman said in a written statement . The site announced the new system , called Facebook Exchange , to marketers last week . It 's expected to begin rolling out in the next couple of weeks . Real-time bidding is already widely used across the Internet . In a blog post , Mike Stiles of Atlanta-based social marketing company Vitrue compared the feature to Google 's Ad Words , which pushes an advertiser 's ad in front of users when they search for a keyword that advertiser has chosen . "  The underlying principle is that users want relevant ads , advertisers do n't want to waste money on misguided ads , and Google wants both users and advertisers to be real happy so they 'll come back again and again , " he wrote . Currently , Facebook ads are targeted based on users ' profiles and the companies or other pages they "  like . " Stiles writes that model will still be available for advertisers , but the new one should be more specific . Facebook noted that users will be able to opt out of Exchange by going to the site 's About Ads page , by clicking on an "  X " that appears on the ads themselves or by blocking cookies on their Web browser . The company statement said Facebook wo n't share any user data with the advertisers and that no advertising controls that users currently have will go away . How do you feel about Facebook targeting ads ? Jim Anderson , Vitrue 's chief operating officer , said the new system probably wo n't appear dramatically different to the typical Facebook user . "  It 's not going to be discernible to most consumers , " he said . "  Most people wo n't notice any difference or , to the degree they can discern a difference , it will be ` Wow ... this is more relevant to me . " " And while the "  real time " nature of the new system will enhance relevance , it wo n't be perfect , according to Anderson . "  It 's possible you might not be served an ad until after you took that trip to Vegas , " he said , referring to the previous example . "  But without this kind of targeting , you might be served an ad for a trip to Miami , which you were n't considering anyway . " As Web giants like Facebook and Google get better at harvesting user activity , using Web searches for advertising is becoming increasingly popular . According to research firm International Data Corporation , more than $ 5 billion in online advertising is expected to go to real-time bidding ads in the United States in 2015 . That 's 27 % of what 's predicted to be spent , up from less than 10 % last year . Facebook , of course , is increasingly under pressure to demonstrate a sustainable advertising model since its stock went public last month . Anderson predicts the site will continue to diversify how its ads work in the coming months . It 's sometimes a tricky prospect . It was just revealed that Facebook settled a lawsuit last month by the state of California over its "  Sponsored Stories " feature . According to reports , Facebook paid $ 10 million to charity after five users claimed the site broke California law when it used their posts in the feature without paying them .	Facebook Exchange will use Web browsing to target ads Browser cookies will let advertisers hyper-focus their offers Facebook says users may opt out of the ad model "  Real-time bidding " is already used by Google , others
Hong Kong  CNN  -- They live largely unseen , in towering Hong Kong apartment blocks , trapped in a life of servitude to pay back crippling debts to unscrupulous recruiters who 've lied to convince them to sign up . According to a new report from Amnesty International , thousands of domestic workers from Indonesia are being duped into working in the city by brokers and agencies solely focused on profit . "  Every step of the way , from the moment their documents are confiscated in Indonesia their movements are controlled in Hong Kong , " said Norma Muico , the author of the report "  Exploited for profit , failed by governments . " "  The recruitment agency tells the employer , ` do n't let your workers out for the first seven months when they pay their recruitment fees . Do n't let them talk to other Indonesian workers . ' Every aspect of their lives is controlled for the purpose of getting the money , " said Muico , Amnesty International 's Asia-Pacific migrants ' rights researcher . The report accuses the Indonesian and Hong Kong governments of turning a blind eye to the problem because domestic workers provide a valuable service to the city , and send much of the money they earn back to Indonesia . In response to the report , the Indonesian Consulate in Hong Kong released a statement saying "  the protection of the Indonesian citizens abroad is the priority of the Indonesian government , " and "  we have a full commitment to do that with all possible means and resources . " The Hong Kong Labour Department also issued a statement saying , in part : "  We do not allow abuse of FDHs -LSB- foreign domestic helpers -RSB- including underpayment of wages , non-granting of weekly rest days and statutory holidays etc. . Any abuse that is supported by sufficient evidence will be prosecuted . " Hong Kong 's domestic help As of September , almost 150,000 Indonesian domestic workers , or "  helpers " as they 're known , were living and working in Hong Kong , almost half the total number of 319,000 . The others are mainly Filipino . Almost all are women . While they come to do the same job , Filipinos receive more support from their own government , and do n't have to pay the same extortionate recruitment fees that tie their Indonesian counterparts to months , if not years , of debt , Muico said . "  It 's more problematic with the Indonesians because they do n't get the support they need from the Indonesian government and the recruitment companies can pretty much do what they like , " she said . While the report is based on in-depth interviews with 97 workers who sought help , Amnesty said its findings were backed by an independent survey of nearly 1,000 women by the Indonesian Migrant Workers Union  IMWU  conducted in Hong Kong in 2011 . Signing up for debt The typical story starts back in Indonesia where brokers convince poorer women to seek work in Hong Kong . They 're taken to training centers , sometimes hours from home , where they spend anywhere between 10 days and 15 months learning the skills and language -- Cantonese -- to do the job , according to the report . In many cases , their documents are taken , along with their phones , and they 're allowed only limited contact with their families . Some women told researchers they were forced to cut off all their hair , while others were given mandatory contraceptive injections to avoid pregnancy on short visits home . Once in Hong Kong , Amnesty says local recruitment agencies step in to ensure workers repay their debts . According to the IMWU survey , 85 % of women said recruitment fees of around HK$ 3,000 a month were deducted from their monthly wage for seven months , taking the total recruitment cost to HKD$ 21,000  US$ 2.700  . The fee far exceeds the limits set by both the Indonesian and Hong Kong governments . Under Hong Kong law , employment agencies are not allowed to charge more than 10 % of a worker 's monthly wage , or HK$ 401  US$ 52  . Indonesia limits the fee to IDR 14,780,400 or HK$ 13,436  US$ 1,730  . In October , the minimum wage for domestic workers rose to HK$ 4,010.00  US$ 517  , leaving little left after the monthly fee deduction . And for some it does n't end there . "  If they want more recruitment fees , they 'll manipulate it , " Muico said , explaining that some recruitment agencies tell employers to terminate their workers after seven months so they can be placed with another employer , with a new set of fees . Nowhere to go The pressure to repay their recruitment fees prevents many domestic workers from leaving abusive employers , the report said . Stories of the mistreatment of foreign domestic workers are n't too hard to find in Hong Kong . Recently , an extreme example made headlines when a couple was jailed for subjecting their Indonesian helper to "  cruel " and "  vicious " abuse . The court heard Kartika Puspitasari , 30 , was whipped with bicycle chains and bound with cables during her two-year contract . READ MORE : Despite abuses , foreign domestic workers flock to Hong Kong Under Hong Kong law , it 's illegal for domestic workers to live-out so they sleep in their employers ' flats . No limits are imposed on daily work hours , though they 're entitled to 24 hours off each week , usually on a Sunday , when thousands gather in public areas in Hong Kong to catch up with friends . Standard duties include cleaning , general household chores and childcare , but some report having to work , illegally , in employers ' businesses . One woman told Amnesty she 'd been told she 'd be taking care of an elderly woman . Instead , she had to carry vegetables at a market and sort trash . "  Without gloves , I had to pick through the rubbish to find items that could be recycled . I then carried them , which were often very heavy , to a center where I could sell them . It was truly horrible work , but I remained because I needed to pay off my recruitment fees , " she said . What needs to be done Amnesty has called on both governments to do more to stop unscrupulous recruiters , end the requirement for workers to live-in and make it easier for them to seek help . Both Hong Kong and Indonesia say they 've taken steps to clampdown on recruiters , and they 're already distributing information letting domestic helpers know how and when to file a complaint . In its statement to CNN , the Hong Kong Labour Department said in 2012 it revoked two employment agency licenses , one of which was due to overcharging . It added : "  The issue of overcharging Indonesian domestic helpers of agency fees back in Indonesia is beyond our jurisdiction and should be tackled at source by the country of origin . " The Indonesian consulate said it had an annual system for evaluating and accrediting agencies in Hong Kong . Since 2009 , it said 26 agencies had "  received punishments for their misconducts , " ranging from warnings , to suspensions and cancellation of licenses . And as of June , 190 employers had been banned from hiring domestic workers , it added . Amnesty International said it 's not enough . "  We need to see current laws enforced and people face justice for the exploitation . Only then will we start to see an end to forced labor from Indonesia to Hong Kong , " Muico said .	Amnesty report claims Indonesia , Hong Kong ignoring problem of unscrupulous recruiters Says Indonesian domestic workers being overcharged , underpaid with little or no recourse Hong Kong , Indonesia say they 're committed to helping foreign domestic workers Amnesty says huge fees prevent many workers from leaving abusive employers
CNN  -- No one was seriously injured when a U.S. Marine helicopter crashed into the Arabian Sea Monday following training exercises in Djibouti , the U.S. Navy said . All 25 military members , 17 marines and eight sailors , aboard the Super Stallion chopper were safely recovered from the Gulf of Aden and taken aboard the amphibious transport dock USS Mesa Verde , according a Navy statement . The helicopter was part of the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit and was attempting to land on the Mesa Verde when the accident occurred , the Navy said . "  The crash was not a result of hostile activity . " "  The aircraft was transferring the Marines and Sailors back to USS Mesa Verde from training ashore in nearby Djibouti . " Both the Navy and the Marines are investigating the accident .	No serious injuries reported after military helicopter crash in Arabian Sea All 25 sailors and marines rescued from Gulf of Aden Navy says no "  hostile activity " was involved in the crash
CNN  -- Richard "  Dick " Trickle -- who parlayed a legendary reputation as a short-track driver into a full-time career on stock car racing 's biggest stages in the 1990s -- died Thursday of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , a North Carolina sheriff 's office said . He was 71 . A Lincoln County dispatcher received a call -- believed to have been placed by Trickle -- that "  there would be a dead body and it would be his , " that county 's sheriff 's office said in a news release . There was no answer when authorities tried to call the number back . Emergency units went to Forest Lawn Cemetery in Boger City and found a body lying near Trickle 's pickup truck . The Wisconsin-born Trickle raced during the 1970s and 1980s , then broke through as a full-time and widely recognized NASCAR driver in 1989 . By that time , according to a Sports Illustrated article , the 48-year-old grandfather of two had won some 1,200 stock car competitions in 31 years of racing . He settled in Lincoln County , in central North Carolina , in the early 1990s , according to the sheriff 's office . Though Trickle never managed a victory in NASCAR 's premier Sprint Cup series , he did have 15 top-five finishes and won two Nationwide Series races before his retirement in 2002 . Some got to know him thanks to frequent references on ESPN 's SportsCenter , with then co-anchor Keith Olbermann tweeting Thursday that "  no sports figure Dan  Patrick and  I had fun with took it more graciously . In fact , gratefully . " In a statement Thursday , NASCAR Chairman and CEO Brian France described Trickle as "  a legend in the short-track racing community , particularly in his home state of Wisconsin , and he was a true fan favorite . " "  Personalities like Dick Trickle helped shape our sport , " France said . "  He will be missed . " Past and present NASCAR drivers , like Mark Martin , similarly reacted with sadness Thursday to the news . "  At some point we were all short trackers , " tweeted Joey Logano . "  He was the best . #RIPDickTrickle . "	NEW : Mark Martin , Joey Logano , Keith Olbermann and others salute the late NASCAR driver Richard "  Dick " Trickle , a veteran racer , burst on the NASCAR scene in 1989 North Carolina authorities get a call saying "  there would be a dead body and it would be his " They find Trickle 's body , dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound
Hong Kong  CNN  -- New Zealand sport has been rocked by allegations that three former national cricketers are under investigation for alleged match-fixing , according to reports . The International Cricket Council  ICC  , the game 's governing body , said in a statement that a small number of former New Zealand representatives were under investigation by the anti-corruption unit for alleged involvement in "  fixing activity in historic cricket matches . " It did not identify those under investigation , but after New Zealand media named those alleged to be implicated , two of the players made statements regarding the investigation . Former test batsman Lou Vincent confirmed he was involved , but said the ongoing investigation made him unable to comment further . "  I wish to let everyone know that I am cooperating with an ongoing ICC anti-corruption investigation that has been made public today , " said Vincent , who played his last game for New Zealand in 2007 . "  This investigation is bound by a number of rules and regulations that mean I am unable to make any further public comment . I will personally talk to the public when I am able to . " Former all-rounder Chris Cairns , also named in media reports as one of the players involved , told reporters he was unaware of any investigation and had not been contacted by authorities in relation to the matter . Cairns , who played his last game for New Zealand in 2006 , had been acting as a television commentator for New Zealand 's test match against the West Indies in Dunedin , but left the coverage amid the controversy . Another former player claimed in media reports to be the third individual involved made no public comment . New Zealand Cricket chief executive David White told reporters the organization had been aware of this investigation for a number of months and was "  shocked and surprised by the allegations . " "  We support the ICC 's investigation as corruption has no place in our sport . No current New Zealand players are being investigated . No games played in New Zealand are being investigated . Lastly , no matches under New Zealand Cricket 's jurisdiction are being investigated . " New Zealand Prime Minister John Key told reporters it would be "  very , very serious " if the allegations were proven . "  New Zealand is a country that sees itself as a very above board , honest place both to do business and to play sport , so it would be deeply concerning if this was factually correct . " The country regularly ranks as one of the world 's least corrupt , recently topping Transparency International 's Corruption Perceptions Index alongside Denmark . Cairns has previously challenged match-fixing allegations in the courts , and won . Last year , he sued Indian cricket official and businessman Lalit Modi in a British Court , after Modi had tweeted allegations of match-fixing relating to Cairns ' stint with the Chandigarh Lions in the short-lived Indian Cricket League . Cairns captained the side in 2007 and 2008 , playing alongside Vincent in 2008 . Modi , who ran the rival Indian Premier League competition , lost his appeal against the court 's decision in October 2012 , with damages increased to  # 90,000  $ 147,459  . International cricket has been plagued by the specter of match-fixing in recent years . Players from countries including Pakistan , India , the West Indies and South Africa -- including the late former captain Hansie Cronje -- have been issued punishments ranging up to life bans for under-performance , bribe-taking or passing information to bookmakers . In August , seven were charged in Bangladesh with match-fixing ; former national captain Mohammad Ashraful had previously confessed to fixing matches . And in October , six international umpires were stood down following an India TV expose which alleged officials were willing to fix matches at the recent T20 World Cup in exchange for payment .	International Cricket Council says it is investigating former New Zealand players Former batsman Lou Vincent say he is involved in match-fixing investigation Chris Cairns is seeking clarification from ICC as to whether he is under investigation
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton met privately Thursday night at the Washington home of Sen. Dianne Feinstein , a key supporter of Clinton 's presidential campaign , Feinstein said Friday . Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama speak Wednesday at the AIPAC meeting . She left them in her living room with nothing other than water and comfortable chairs for what she called a positive meeting . No one else was in the room , and no one is giving details of what was discussed . "  They talked . I went upstairs and did my work , " Feinstein said Friday . "  They called me when it was over . I came down and said , ` Good night , everybody ; I hope you had a good meeting . ' "  They were laughing , and that was it . " The meeting began at 9 p.m. and lasted about an hour , Feinstein said . "  I think the opportunity to sit down , just the two of them , was positive , " she said . It was the two Democratic candidates ' first meeting since Obama became the party 's presumptive nominee Tuesday . "  They talked about how to come together and how to unify this party and move forward because what we have at stake in November is so important , " Robert Gibbs , the Obama campaign 's communication director , said Friday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Watch Gibbs explain the secret meeting " "  And what unites us as a party far exceeds what might divide either of these two candidates . " A joint statement from the candidates said only , "  Sen. Clinton and Sen. Obama met tonight and had a productive discussion about the important work that needs to be done to succeed in November . " Gibbs would not say whether the senators discussed the possibility of Clinton becoming Obama 's running mate.Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Democratic superdelegate from Nevada , said Friday that he told Clinton he intended to support Obama . But he did n't shed any light on whether Clinton would have a place on the ticket . "  Hillary is going to endorse Barack -LSB- on Saturday -RSB- , " Reid said on "  American Morning . " "  She 's a very good woman . She 's been a great senator . And she 's going to be a great help to us in this -LSB- election -RSB- , no matter what role she has in the campaign . " On Thursday , reporters on Obama 's press plane learned that the candidate was not aboard when it departed Virginia , where he had been campaigning . Aides said staff members had "  scheduled him some meetings " in Washington . The meeting originally was believed to be at Clinton 's Washington home . "  It was n't at her house , and it was not at Dick Cheney 's undisclosed location , " Gibbs said jokingly . Also Thursday , Clinton thanked supporters in an e-mail and pledged to help Obama capture the White House after eight years of Republican control . Clinton also plans to thank supporters Saturday at a Washington event . "  I have said throughout the campaign that I would strongly support Sen. Obama if he were the Democratic Party 's nominee , and I intend to deliver on that promise , " the e-mail read . "  This has been a long and hard-fought campaign , but as I have always said , my differences with Sen. Obama are small compared to the differences we have with Sen. -LSB- John -RSB- McCain and the Republicans . " Read Clinton 's message to supporters  PDF Clinton plans to suspend her campaign within days , her campaign said . By suspending instead of dropping out , Clinton technically would remain a candidate , entitled to keep statewide pledged delegates and district-level delegates . Democrats nationwide have coalesced around Obama since he received enough delegates to win the nomination Tuesday evening . The New York Democratic congressional delegation embraced Obama 's candidacy Thursday on the steps of the U.S. Capitol . iReport.com : Should Obama pick Clinton ? On Friday , Democratic leaders in New York , including state legislators and City Council members , endorsed Obama at New York 's City Hall , sources said . Obama earned enough delegates Tuesday to clinch the nomination , but Clinton did not concede defeat that night . Instead , she asked supporters to visit her Web site and give her advice on how to proceed . Obama has named Caroline Kennedy , daughter of President Kennedy , and former Deputy U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to a vice presidential selection team led by former Fannie Mae CEO Jim Johnson . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Candy Crowley contributed to this report .	NEW : Talks end with laughter , host Sen. Dianne Feinstein says NEW : Aide to Sen. Barack Obama calls private meeting "  cordial " NEW : Sen. Hillary Clinton to endorse Obama on Saturday , top Senate Democrat says
CNN  -- President Obama and his family are hoping for a chance to unwind during their weeklong getaway to Martha 's Vineyard . The Obamas arrive at Martha 's Vineyard on Sunday . The first family , along with Obama 's sister Maya Soetoro-Ng and the first dog Bo , arrived on the Massachusetts island Sunday . The Obamas are staying at a secluded 28-acre private estate . The No. 1 priority on Obama 's vacation agenda is "  To get a little break , " White House spokesman Bill Burton said Monday . "  He certainly appreciates the hospitality of the folks who are here . But his desire here is to relax and spend time with the family . " The president squeezed in a workout and some tennis with wife Michelle before hitting the golf course Monday . Rep. James Clyburn , D-South Carolina ; Robert Wolf , the chief executive of UBS ; and White House aide Marvin Nicholson were expected to join the president on the links , although reporters following the game did n't see Clyburn . Close friend Eric Whitaker , however , was spotted on the course . The president waved to the crowd that had gathered to watch him tee off , and a little boy was heard yelling , "  Hi , Obama ! " On Sunday , Obama dined with senior adviser Valerie Jarrett and her daughter . Burton shot down rumors that the president has plans to golf with Tiger Woods this week , telling reporters that "  nothing like that is on the schedule . " Burton also said there are no plans for Obama to visit the ailing Sen. Ted Kennedy , who is just across the Nantucket Sound on Cape Cod . In addition to spending time with family and playing golf , Obama 's hopes to hit the books , Burton said . The president 's reading list includes five books : "  The Way Home " by George Pelecanos , "  Hot , Flat , and Crowded " by Thomas Friedman , "  Lush Life " by Richard Price , "  Plainsong " by Kent Haruf and "  John Adams " by David McCullough . In all , the books on Obama 's list total around 2,300 pages , meaning the president would have to read close to 300 pages each day to polish off the list . As for the rest of the week , Burton offered few details , saying the president himself does n't even have a particular schedule . "  He 's on vacation , so everything is a little bit loose , " he said . "  You wake up , you have some breakfast , you workout and then you decide ` What do I feel like doing today ? ' He 's doing that just like anybody else . " The president will be getting a daily briefing . A member of the national security staff is on the island , and Obama also will receive briefings by paper . If necessary , he 'll have teleconferences with his advisers in Washington , Burton said . Obama 's first vacation since taking office comes as voters across the country are jumping in on the emotionally charged debate over health care reform . Burton said the president will talk to his advisers about the issue as needed , but has a lot of faith in his team working at the White House . "  So the president thinks that there is still a real possibility of getting a bipartisan plan through . He 's going to continue to work towards that end , " Burton said . While there are no calls on the schedule , Burton said the president might make calls to individual members of Congress on health care "  as appropriate . " En route to Martha 's Vineyard on Sunday , Burton offered two instructions from Obama to the reporters who are also on the island . "  He wants you to relax and have a good time . Take some walks on the beaches . Nobody is looking to make any news , so he 's hoping that you guys can enjoy Martha 's Vineyard while we 're there . "  And the second thing I 'll say is , of course , the first family would very much appreciate if you respect the privacy of the girls while they 're out here on vacation , " Burton said .	Obama spends first full day of vacation golfing , playing tennis with wife Michelle No plans to visit Sen. Ted Kennedy during vacation , White House says Obama receiving daily briefings , might call lawmakers about health care Obama 's reading list adds up to about 2,300 pages
CNN  Sorry , Northeast . It 's not over yet . Another winter storm barreling toward some parts of the region Sunday is expected to pile on to already record snowfalls . Experts issued winter storm warnings across upstate New York , northern Connecticut , northern Rhode Island and the greater Boston area . Schools in parts of the Northeast , including Boston , will be closed Monday and Tuesday . "  Snow accumulations of 10 to 20 inches , possibly up to 24 inches in parts of central and northeast Massachusetts , " the National Weather Service said . It described it as a "  long duration snow event " that could last until Monday night . Warnings are in place through early Tuesday morning . Upstate New York could see 9 to 18 inches of snow through Monday night , the National Weather Service said . Flurries and light snow fell in Boston on Saturday night , and heavy snow was expected Sunday night through Monday . "  At this time , our concern is not just about the snow that has begun to fall . It 's about the cumulative impact of this storm coming on the heels of the others , " Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker told reporters Sunday . Wind gusts could be up to 35 mph , bringing poor visibility and possible whiteout conditions , said CNN meteorologist Michael Guy . In what appears to be a common theme these days , Boston Mayor Marty Walsh urged people to stay indoors and off the roads . "  We need residents to take extra precautions as we prepare for another storm and extremely low temperatures , " he said in a statement . The weather forced big Massachusetts trials to be delayed . The murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez was postponed until Tuesday , while jury selection in the trial of Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was also delayed . Two storms have hit the Northeast in the past two weeks , closing airports , canceling classes and creating piles of snow along cleared roadways . "  I 'm tired of it , " said Boston University freshman Cameron Barkan , who has missed three days of class because of the storms . "  I usually like snow , but this is just a little much . " Boston has set a record for the snowiest seven-day period in history , with over 40 inches , the National Weather Service said . The city is way past its average annual snowfall of 47 inches . Winter weather will keep its grip on the region late in the week , with temperatures dropping to the teens again by Friday , Guy said . Track the storm CNN 's Susanna Capelouto , Josh Levs and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	The trials of Aaron Hernandez and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev are delayed Schools will be closed Monday and Tuesday in some areas , including Boston Boston has already set a record for the snowiest seven-day period in history
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In a congratulatory letter to president-elect Barack Obama , French President Nicholas Sarkozy writes , "  Your election raises in France , in Europe , and beyond throughout the world , immense hope . " President-elect Barack Obama faces a litany of foreign policy problems when he takes office January 20 . Similar statements from dozens of world leaders and images of people around the world celebrating his election make clear Barack Obama will enjoy a good deal of international goodwill when he takes office on January 20 . Obama 's election offers a monumental transformation of America 's face to the world . Many see him as the epitome of the American dream . But his appeal is not solely based on the fact that he is black or that his middle name is Hussein or that his father was Kenyan or that he spent part of his childhood in Indonesia . The global excitement over Obama 's election is as much about the fact that he is n't President Bush . In his victory speech Tuesday night , Obama said , "  To all those watching from beyond our shores , our stories are singular , but our destiny is shared , and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand . " Watch CNN 's Zain Verjee report on the world 's reaction to Obama 's election " Those were welcome words to those who resented what they viewed as eight years of "  unilateralist " Bush policies . His words spark hope that an Obama administration will repair America 's relations with the rest of the world . But as high as those hopes are , so too are the sky-high expectations . The world has been seduced by Obama 's vision of change . But will "  Obamamania " survive the realities of governing ? It is difficult to think of a U.S. president who has come to power with a more complex and pressing web of domestic and international burdens . He inherits a global financial meltdown , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , a global struggle against terrorism , and a military already stretched to its limits . Add to that , a simmering crisis with Iran , renewed tensions with Russia , and the rise of China as a global economic powerhouse , and Obama 's plate starts to get pretty full . Obama also takes the reins at a time of enormous anti-American sentiment after the stains of Abu Ghraib , Guantanamo and , closer to home , Hurricane Katrina . U.S. power is declining , and not entirely by fault of its own . The concept of a single-superpower world no longer fits . Developing countries like China , Brazil and India , coupled with a stronger European Union belong to a new world where many players call the shots . Globalization requires more cooperation with a wider range of countries and organizations . Obama 's speech in Europe this summer about the need for reconciliation , signaled he wants to strengthen ties with Europe damaged during the Bush administration , especially over Iraq . His pledge to withdraw from Iraq and his promise for strong action on climate change is bound to make European allies happy . But issues like trade and increased troops for Afghanistan could spark new differences with Europe . Obama has pledged to make Middle East peace a priority from Day One . Arabs are already calling for a more even-handed approach , while Israel is expecting Obama to stay true to the pro-Israel posture he showed during the campaign . And there are other complications -- like politics on the ground . Israeli elections early next year could bring hawkish former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu back to power . And if moderate Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is unable to win support from Hamas next year to extend his term , his re-election is far from certain . Obama has promised to engage Iran 's leaders on a multitude of issues , but it remains to be seen if Iran would accept any deal to give up its pursuit of nuclear weapons . Obama could be forced into a devil 's choice between military action  or supporting an Israeli strike  and living with a nuclear Iran . There is a long list of other pressing issues . Obama is likely to continue the Bush administration 's policy of going after extremists in Pakistan . And in Africa , conflicts in Sudan , Somalia and the Democratic Republic of Congo continue to churn . This is by no means an exhaustive list . Countries around the world will compete for Obama 's attention . Africa , elated over the election of America 's first black president , may expect increased attention and aid from the United States . Additionally , Muslims familiar with Obama 's Kenyan father and middle name , "  Hussein , " may think he will be more understanding of their concerns . Will he embrace them or distance himself from them , in an effort to prove he does not hold any bias ? The president-elect must navigate this minefield of expectations . Once the gloss of this historic election wears off , the world will find Obama can not be president to the world . He can only be president of the United States and Americans will expect him to protect their interests first and foremost .	Analysis : Many see Obama as the epitome of the American dream Analysis : Global excitement over Obama 's election is also about Bush 's exit Analysis : Obama faces complex foreign policy issues when he takes office Analysis : Americans will expect Obama to protect their interests first and foremost
In his memoir , "  The Long Run , " Mishka Shubaly chronicles his journey from "  irreverent young drunk " to ultra-runner . The author sobered up by running five miles at a time , then 10 , then 50 . It was Shubaly 's editor who first suggested he write about his road to recovery . "  I told him point-blank , ` No one wants to hear me cry about how I f *** ed up my own life , ' " Shubaly said . "  And I was totally wrong . " When "  The Long Run " was published on Amazon 's Kindle Singles list in 2011 , it hit No. 1 , bumping Stephen King out of the top spot . The book 's popularity may have been a surprise to Shubaly , but experts know he 's not alone in using exercise to overcome addiction . Groups have been popping up around the country to help people stay sober by staying active . "  It 's a great way to introduce people into something that then later becomes ... sort of their coping mechanism , as opposed to picking up a drink or a drug , " said Scott Strode , one of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes . Strode 's nonprofit , Phoenix Multisport , provides free athletic activities and a sober support community to thousands of people in Colorado . In 2008 , the National Institute on Drug Abuse pledged $ 4 million to research the effect of physical activity on drug use . Preclinical research has provided evidence that exercise can help treat -- and even possibly prevent -- addiction , and now human trials are taking place . According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse , abuse of illicit drugs and alcohol contributes to the death of more than 100,000 Americans every year . While intervention and treatment programs have improved , relapse rates range from 60 % to 90 % in the first year of sobriety , the institute said . "  Habits play an important role in our health , " the institute 's director , Dr. Nora Volkow , said in a National Institute of Health newsletter . "  Understanding the biology of how we develop routines that may be harmful to us , and how to break those routines and embrace new ones , could help us change our lifestyles and adopt healthier behaviors . " Psychology professor Mark Smith researches the effects of exercise on addiction in laboratory rats . One of his first preclinical studies on the subject showed lab rats that had access to an exercise wheel in their cage were much less likely to self-administer cocaine than their sedentary counterparts . He and his colleagues have also completed several follow-up studies , duplicating the results with male and female rats ; with low , medium and high doses ; with heroin ; and with different models of substance binges and relapses . "  I was amazed at how consistent the effects of exercise were , " Smith said . Other researchers have published animal studies with similar results . For example , a 2009 study in Pathophysiology Journal showed treadmill exercise reduced morphine use in male rats . And in 2011 , a study in the journal Current Neuropharmacology demonstrated animals ' preference for saline over amphetamines when they exercised . "  These results lead us to conclude that a previous practice of regular physical activity may help in preventing amphetamine addiction , " the study 's authors wrote . While evidence mounts that exercise may help prevent and treat addiction , scientists are trying to figure out why . To get clean , addicts often give up their past social lives , including any friends who use . During their recovery , they have a lot of free time and not a lot of support . Exercise and sporting groups could help fill that void , said Richard Brown , a professor of psychiatry and human behavior at Brown University and director of addictions research at Butler Hospital in Providence , Rhode Island . When Brown and his colleagues started their human study on exercise and alcohol abuse , they theorized that physical activity would reduce the depressive symptoms alcoholics often suffer from , thereby reducing the risk of a relapse . They asked one group of study participants to work out once a week with the rest of the group and to work out on their own another two to three days . At the end of a three-month follow-up , the researchers found the exercise group had fewer drinking days and fewer heavy-drinking days than a group that did n't exercise as regularly . What the researchers did n't expect was feedback from participants who said they enjoyed the structure that regular exercise provided to their lives . "  They liked the fact that they were getting healthy and doing something for themselves , " Brown said . Exercise provides a "  high " that could be important for addicts trying to combat cravings , experts say . In addition to decreasing anxiety and stress , physical activity helps increase levels of dopamine in the brain . Dopamine , a chemical that 's associated with feelings of pleasure , is often diminished over time by substance abuse . Some researchers have hypothesized that addicts are simply replacing one addiction with another . Smith 's response ? Fantastic . "  One of those addictions leads to basically a devastation throughout all aspects of your life and probably premature death , " he said . "  The other addiction leads to improved cardiovascular health , better self-esteem , better self-efficacy and maybe some joint problems when you get older . It 's an apples-and-chain saws comparison . " Brown has more theories on why exercise may help addicts stay clean . In unrelated studies , exercise has been shown to regulate sleep , a common problem for addicts early in recovery . It can even improve cognitive function , something that 's often impaired by chronic substance abuse . "  These are just hypothetical , " Brown said . "  They need to be tested . " While scientists search for more answers , Shubaly said he is content knowing that running works to keep him sober , day in and day out . "  For me , exercise is the opposite of alcohol , " he said . "  Alcohol is the easiest , fastest and most effective way of saying : ' I do n't care . I do n't care about the good things in life or life at all . ' "  Exercise , especially for someone who has been a sedentary alcoholic for a long time , is brutally difficult . And , as such , it 's a very meaningful way of saying : ` OK , I actually do care now . I care a lot . I care enough about my life that I am willing to endure this torture to get better . ' "  Doing the hard work of exercising totally reversed my worldview . I went from a life that was headed toward one thing to a life of nearly infinite potential . "	Relapse rates for substance abuse range from 60 % to 90 % in the first year of sobriety But preclinical studies show that exercise helps prevent and treat addiction The National Institute on Drug Abuse in 2008 pledged $ 4 million to research exercise 's effects Top 10 CNN Hero Scott Strode based his sober support group on exercise and sports
OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- A former police officer for the Bay Area transit system pleaded not guilty Thursday in the New Year 's Day shooting of a passenger at an Oakland rail station . Former transit officer Johannes Mehserle is charged with homicide in the death of Oscar Grant III . Johannes Mehserle , 27 , appeared in a packed Alameda County courtroom , with his supporters separated by a courtroom aisle from relatives of shooting victim Oscar Grant III and other spectators . Mehserle is charged with shooting Grant , 22 , in an incident that spurred violent protests in Oakland after being captured on video . Mehserle resigned his job as a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer days after the shooting , and he was arrested in Nevada earlier this week . Thursday 's proceedings took less than five minutes , with Mehserle appearing behind heavy windows in an enclosure out of view of all but a handful of spectators . Superior Court Judge Robert McGuinness ordered the ex-officer held until his next hearing , scheduled for January 26 . BART police had been called to Oakland 's Fruitvale station January 1 after passengers complained about fights on a train . Officers pulled several men , including Grant , off the train when it arrived at Fruitvale , and video taken by witnesses showed Mehserle shooting Grant in the back as another officer kneeled on the man . Investigators have not said whether Grant was involved in the fight . The shooting spawned public outrage and a string of protests that led to more than 100 riot-related arrests . Watch some of the recent rioting in Oakland , California " Thursday 's proceedings drew an overflow crowd to the courthouse , with some would-be spectators grumbling that they could not get into the hearing . Vicki Behringer contributed to this report for CNN .	Ex-cop Johannes Mehserle appears in packed Alameda County courtroom Supporters separated by aisle from relatives of shooting victim Oscar Grant III Mehserle was arrested in Nevada earlier this week Grant 's death spawned public outrage and a string of protests
CNN  -- An autopsy was conducted Monday in the death of a onetime medical student who died of an apparent suicide while facing charges in a killing tied to the Craigslist website . However , the medical examiner is withholding the official cause of death for Philip Markoff pending further tests , prosecutors said . "  Markoff was alone in his cell and all evidence collected thus far indicates that he took his own life , " Boston Police Commissioner Edward Davis and Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel F. Conley said in a statement released earlier . "  Nonetheless , as with all such cases , a comprehensive investigation will be conducted to determine the facts and circumstances surrounding his death . " Suffolk County Sheriff Andrea Cabral told CNN that Markoff had not demonstrated any notable behavior while in custody and did not pose a disciplinary problem before his death . While Markoff had been on suicide watch from April 23 to May 14 , he was not on watch around the time he died , she said . Suicide watch for jail inmates is determined by a psychiatrist , she said . In her eight years as sheriff , there have been four confirmed suicides ; Markoff would be the fifth . There 's an average of 57 serious suicide attempts a year , Cabral added . Markoff was found unresponsive in his Boston , Massachusetts , jail cell at 10:17 a.m. Sunday and pronounced dead by medics , according to officials . He was found with wounds to his neck and ankles , EMS spokeswoman Jennifer Mehigan said . Markoff , 24 , was charged with the April 14 , 2009 , fatal shooting and attempted robbery of Julissa Brisman , 25 , at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Police said that Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , a popular online classifieds service , and said Markoff might have met her through the site . In a statement Sunday , the family of Brisman said it was "  shocked and dismayed " at the news of Markoff 's apparent suicide . "  Their grief for Julissa is as fresh today as the day over a year ago when Markoff took Julissa away from them , " said the statement issued by a representative for the family . "  The long-awaited criminal prosecution was their only opportunity to confront him , and now he has taken that away as well . " The family promised to pursue "  other avenues to seek justice for Julissa and help ensure that others do not suffer from such devastating , unnecessary violence , " according to the statement . Markoff was also charged with the April 10 , 2009 , robbery of Trisha Leffler at a Westin Hotel in Boston . Police reports said Leffler was robbed of $ 800 in cash and $ 250 in American Express gift cards and was held at gunpoint and bound . At his arraignment in June 2009 , Markoff pleaded not guilty to the Massachusetts charges . He also was facing charges in an April 16 , 2009 , incident at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , Rhode Island . In that incident , police said , Markoff tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room , and the suspect fled after pointing his gun at the husband , according to Warwick Police Chief Col. Stephen McCartney . At the time of his April 2009 arrest , Markoff was a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine and was engaged to be married . His friends and acquaintances expressed shock , describing him as a model student and the "  all-American " guy . A woman identifying herself as Megan McAllister , his fiancee , maintained his innocence in an April 2009 e-mail sent to ABC News , saying Markoff "  is the wrong man " and "  was set up . " "  Unfortunately , you were given the wrong information as was the public , " she said . "  All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly ! " Markoff 's attorney had also proclaimed his innocence . Conley , the district attorney , told reporters last year that Brisman 's death was "  a brutal , vicious crime -- savage . And it shows that Philip Markoff is a man who 's willing to take advantage of women -- to hurt them , to beat them , to rob them . " Brisman sustained blunt head trauma and was shot three times at close range , prosecutors said . Conley said they believed the motive for her death was robbery . In executing a search warrant at Markoff 's home , police found a firearm , along with restraints and duct tape , he said . Police traced internet communications with Brisman to an e-mail account that had been opened the day before her death , Conley said . Using internet provider information , they found the computer was at Markoff 's residence in the Boston suburb of Quincy , he said . CNN 's John Branch and Logan Burruss and In Session 's Beth Karas contributed to this report .	NEW : Sheriff says Philip Markoff did not behave differently before death Medical examiner withholding official cause of death for Markoff He was accused of killing one woman and robbing two others Authorities believe he met his victims on Craigslist
CNN  -- My Fellow South Africans , Our beloved Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela , the founding President of our democratic nation has departed . He passed on peacefully in the company of his family around 20h50 on the 5th of December 2013 . He is now resting . He is now at peace . Our nation has lost its greatest son . Our people have lost a father . Although we knew that this day would come , nothing can diminish our sense of a profound and enduring loss . His tireless struggle for freedom earned him the respect of the world . His humility , his compassion , and his humanity earned him their love . Our thoughts and prayers are with the Mandela family . To them we owe a debt of gratitude . They have sacrificed much and endured much so that our people could be free . Our thoughts are with his wife Mrs. Graca Machel , his former wife Ms. Winnie Madikizela-Mandela , with his children , his grand-children , his great grand-children and the entire family . Our thoughts are with his friends , comrades and colleagues who fought alongside Madiba over the course of a lifetime of struggle . Our thoughts are with the South African people who today mourn the loss of the one person who , more than any other , came to embody their sense of a common nationhood . Our thoughts are with the millions of people across the world who embraced Madiba as their own , and who saw his cause as their cause . This is the moment of our deepest sorrow . Our nation has lost its greatest son . Yet , what made Nelson Mandela great was precisely what made him human . We saw in him what we seek in ourselves . And in him we saw so much of ourselves . Fellow South Africans , Nelson Mandela brought us together , and it is together that we will bid him farewell . Our beloved Madiba will be accorded a State Funeral . I have ordered that all flags of the Republic of South Africa be lowered to half-mast from tomorrow , 6 December , and to remain at half-mast until after the funeral . As we gather to pay our last respects , let us conduct ourselves with the dignity and respect that Madiba personified . Let us be mindful of his wishes and the wishes of his family . As we gather , wherever we are in the country and wherever we are in the world , let us recall the values for which Madiba fought . Let us reaffirm his vision of a society in which none is exploited , oppressed or dispossessed by another . Let us commit ourselves to strive together -- sparing neither strength nor courage -- to build a united , non-racial , non-sexist , democratic and prosperous South Africa . Let us express , each in our own way , the deep gratitude we feel for a life spent in service of the people of this country and in the cause of humanity . This is indeed the moment of our deepest sorrow . Yet it must also be the moment of our greatest determination . A determination to live as Madiba has lived , to strive as Madiba has strived and to not rest until we have realised his vision of a truly united South Africa , a peaceful and prosperous Africa , and a better world . We will always love you Madiba ! May your soul rest in peace . God Bless Africa . Nkosi Sikelel ' iAfrika .	South African President Jacob Zuma says Nelson Mandela died Thursday Zuma : "  Our nation has lost its greatest son . Our people have lost a father . " "  This is indeed the moment of our deepest sorrow , " says Zuma
CNN  -- A snow storm on the first day of spring could drop several inches this weekend from New Mexico to Missouri , while farther north , Minnesota and North Dakota brace for the rising waters of the Red River . The waters of the Red River are forecast to rise another foot this weekend , testing the more than a million sandbags stacked as a defensive barrier along Fargo , North Dakota , and Moorhead , Minnesota . Waters had reached 36.8 feet -- just two-tenths short of cresting level -- by Saturday night , the National Weather Service reported . The river had reached flood stage at 18 feet and major flood stage at 30 feet . The river is expected to crest Sunday , about 3 feet below last year 's record flood level of 40.8 feet . Last year , there were 10 reports of property damage , Fargo Mayor Dennis Walaker said Saturday . There have been no reports of property damage associated with the recent river rising , he said . More than 700,000 sandbags were guarding Fargo , and the National Guard was deployed to help in the city and surrounding Cass County on Friday . The flooding began last week when warmer weather and rain melted snow south of Fargo and Moorhead , causing the Red River to swell . Upstream , snow and ice have yet to melt , pushing water back toward the two cities . Near one area of the river bank in Moorhead , a mound of packed snow several inches high sat across from a flooded and impassable underpass . iReport : Are you there ? Share photos , video The waters are expected to start receding Monday afternoon , but Walaker said he plans to keep Fargo 's sandbags in their places through next week as a precautionary measure . "  Right now , I feel that all the dikes , sandbags and earthen dikes should stay in place until we at least get it down to 30 feet and if its continuing to go down we can start the process , " he said . "  But I would hate to see us move because of the quick change in the weather . I mean it does n't take much to bounce us back ... just a weather front moving in with significant precipitation . " The Weather Service forecasted the waters to recede to 32 feet by next Saturday . Farther south , the Plains are dealing with another severe weather threat . Oklahoma Gov. Brad Henry called for a state of emergency on Friday in anticipation of the coming snow storm , according to the governor 's office . Ten to 14 inches of snow could fall from northeast Oklahoma to northwest Arkansas , the Weather Service said . The Tulsa metro area could see 5 to 9 inches of snow . By Saturday night , snow accumulations had reached up to 7 inches in some areas and had slowed down operations at Will Rogers World Airport . Freezing fog and snow have caused delays of at least an hour and several flight cancellations , the airport announced in a news release . Continental Airlines canceled all departures and four arrivals , according to the statement . A ski resort in New Mexico 's Santa Fe County received 21 inches , the largest snowfall total from the storm in the state , according to the weather service . Other parts of the county saw half an inch or less , while 15 inches dropped over Rociada , which lies on the east side of the Santa Fe National Forest . More than 6 inches of snow had already fallen in Lawrence , in northeast Kansas , the weather service reported . Seven inches of snow was tallied about 120 miles northeast in Conception Junction , Missouri . From southeast Kansas to western Missouri , 4 to 8 inches of snow are expected through Sunday , the Weather Service said . Meteorologists forecast 2 to 6 inches in the Texas and Oklahoma panhandles through Saturday afternoon . Wind gusts up to 40 miles per hour could cause whiteout conditions on roads , the Weather Service said . Snow drifts higher than 2 feet could also occur .	Red River waters forecast to rise another foot this weekend in Minnesota , North Dakota State of emergency declared in Oklahoma in anticipation of snow storm , governor 's office says Meteorologists forecast 2 to 6 inches in the Texas , Oklahoma panhandles through Saturday
CNN  -- The mother of a woman who gave birth on Monday to octuplets said her daughter already has six children at home and was undergoing fertility treatment . Dr. Karen Maples is part of the large team of doctors and nurses that helped deliver the octuplets . The Los Angeles Times reported on Thursday that Angela Suleman said her daughter had the embryos implanted last year , resulting in the eight births . "  They all happened to take , " Suleman told the Times . "  I looked at those babies . They are so tiny and so beautiful . " The woman declined to have the number of embryos reduced when she discovered she was carrying multiples , the Times reported . The six older siblings range from ages 7 to 2 , according to the newspaper . Suleman said she was concerned about her daughter 's homecoming because her husband , a contract worker , is due to return to Iraq . In the meantime , the mother , who remains unidentified , appealed for privacy while she recovers from giving birth , medical officials said Thursday . In her written statement delivered by Dr. Karen Maples of the Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center in California , the woman who delivered eight babies in five minutes said she would soon make public the details of her "  miraculous experience . " "  We understand that you are all curious about the arrival of the octuplets , and we appreciate your respect for our family 's privacy , " she said . "  The babies continue to grow strong every day and make good progress . My family and I are ecstatic about all of their arrivals . " "  Needless to say , the eighth was a surprise to us all , but a blessing as well , " she added . The six boys and two girls -- ranging in weight from 1 pound , 8 ounces to 3 pounds , 4 ounces -- are doing well following their Caesarean-section delivery at the Bellflower hospital , doctors said . They were born nine weeks premature . Dr. Mandhir Gupta , a neonatalist , said all but one of the octuplets are now breathing on their own . That baby might be taken off breathing equipment Friday . Caring for eight premature babies is a challenge . Duties are being shared by a large team of hospital nurses and doctors for the time being . Two nurses have been assigned to each child , and all the babies are receiving fluids , proteins and vitamins intravenously , Gupta said . "  We feed them . ... We change diapers . ... When they cry , we console them , " Gupta said . "  When the mom comes and touches the babies , you can definitely see their expression on their faces and body . They are very happy . " The babies , who are being referred to by letters of the alphabet , will remain in the hospital for at least seven more weeks . Baby H made headlines for its surprise appearance during the delivery , which took months of preparation by a team of doctors , nurses and respiratory therapists . Watch a report on babies ' progress " The mother will not be able to hold her babies for another week , Gupta said . They are still fragile , developing intestines , he said . Doctors initially thought the mother was pregnant with seven fetuses . She was hospitalized seven weeks ago and ordered to bed rest . During the seven weeks , a team of 46 physicians , nurses and other staff members prepared for the births . When they started the delivery Monday , they were in for a surprise . "  After the seventh baby was born , we were taking a sigh of relief , " Maples said . "  It was a surprise of our life when we in fact discovered there was an eighth baby , " she said . "  We never had an assignment for baby H nurse or baby H doctor . We just had to go on the fly and figure out what to do . " "  Baby G nurse stepped up . We handed off the baby to baby G nurse . She then delivered that last baby to the neonatologist of the baby F. " "  It was all wonderful because of the teamwork and the training we did before , " Maples said .	Grandmother of the eight babies : ` They are so tiny and so beautiful ' The father , a contract worker , is due to return to Iraq , mother-in-law says Mother of babies appeals for privacy while she recovers from giving birth Large medical team monitoring babies ; each infant has two devoted nurses
CNN  -- With New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer 's resignation , Lt. Gov. David Paterson will become the first African-American governor of the state and the fourth in U.S. history . David A. Paterson at the 2004 Pride Awards ceremony in June 2004 . Paterson , 53 , is legally blind , and although documentation is scarce , it is widely believed that he will be the nation 's first blind governor . Paterson was first elected to the New York State Senate in 1985 , where he represented the 30th District , encompassing Harlem , East Harlem and the Upper West Side . In November 2002 , Paterson was elected New York Senate minority leader . He is the highest-ranking African-American elected official in New York state and is the first nonwhite legislative leader in Albany 's history . He addressed the 2004 Democratic National Convention , as well as the U.S. Conference of Mayors that same year . Paterson was elected New York 's first African-American lieutenant governor on November 7 , 2006 , on a ticket headed by Spitzer . As lieutenant governor , Paterson led the administration 's charge in several areas , including stem cell research , alternative energy , domestic violence and the role of minority - and female-owned businesses . Paterson earned state and national attention for getting a 283-year-old burial ground of Colonial-era African-Americans in lower Manhattan designated a national historic landmark . Paterson is a leading advocate for the visually and physically impaired . His 2004 speech at the Democratic National Convention marked the first time a visually impaired person addressed the convention . He is a member of the American Foundation for the Blind , serves as a member of the Democratic National Committee and is a board member of the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee . According to the National Governors ' Association , previous African-American governors were P.B.S. Pinchback , who served as acting governor of Louisiana for 36 days in 1872-73 while the sitting governor was being impeached ; L. Douglas Wilder of Virginia , who became the nation 's first elected black governor in 1990 ; and Deval Patrick , the current governor of Massachusetts . Paterson 's father , Basil , was the first nonwhite secretary of state of New York and the first African-American vice chairman of the national Democratic Party . He lost a race for lieutenant governor in 1970 and was deputy mayor of New York City under Mayor Ed Koch , according to The New York Times . David Paterson earned his bachelor 's degree in history from Columbia University and got his law degree from Hofstra Law School in 1982 . He lives in Harlem with his wife , Michelle Paige Paterson , and their two children , Ashley and Alex. E-mail to a friend	David A. Paterson is New York 's first African-American lieutenant governor Legally blind , Paterson is advocate for visually and physically impaired Elected to the New York State Senate in 1985 at the age of 31 Father was deputy mayor of New York City , ran for lieutenant governor in 1970
San Francisco  CNN  -- Baseball legend Barry Bonds was convicted Wednesday on one count of obstruction of justice , but a mistrial was declared on three counts of perjury after jurors reported they could not reach agreement . Jurors said they found Bonds to be "  evasive " in his testimony to the federal grand jury investigating illegal steroids use by pro athletes , but they said that it was not proven that he lied when he said he had not knowingly used steroids . The judge declared a mistrial on the three perjury counts after the jury said they were deadlocked on the charges in their fourth day of deliberations . Bonds , 46 , was tried in a San Francisco federal courtroom , less than two miles from the ballpark where he broke Hank Aaron 's major league home run in August 2007 . Time.com photos : The evolution of Barry Bonds Lawyers will be back in court on May 20 to debate whether Bonds should be retried on the perjury counts . A date for sentencing on the obstruction of justice conviction will also be set on that day , the judge said . Bonds ' testimony in December 2003 was part of the BALCO investigation that targeted employees of a California drug testing laboratory and Bonds ' personal trainer Greg Anderson . The testimony that led to Wednesday 's conviction came when a grand jury prosecutor asked Bonds if Anderson ever gave him "  anything that required a syringe to inject yourself with . " Bonds told the grand jury that only his personal doctors "  ever touch me , " and he then veered off the subject to say he never talked baseball with Anderson . "  That 's what keeps our friendship , " Bonds testified . "  You know , I am sorry , but that -- you know , that -- I was a celebrity child , not just in baseball by my own instincts . I became a celebrity child with a famous father . I just do n't get into other people 's business because of my father 's situation , you see . " A juror , who identified herself only as Jessica and who would not give her last name , told reporters they agreed unanimously that Bonds was "  not directly answering the question , just kind of evading the question . " The jury came one vote short of convicting Bonds on the perjury charge that he lied when he told the grand jury that no one but a doctor ever injected him with a syringe , they said . One juror did not believe the testimony of Kathy Hoskins , Bonds ' childhood friend and personal shopper , who testified that she witnessed Anderson injecting Bonds . "  She was believable for 11 of us , " a male juror , who identified himself as Steve but who also would not give his last name , told reporters . "  We were very , very close . " SI.com : Key questions in wake of Bonds verdict There was one key government witness none of the jurors believed -- Bonds ' ex-girlfriend Kimberly Bell , juror Jessica said . "  We were very against Kim Bell , " Jessica said . "  She was n't as much sure in her answers and she seemed to be attacking Barry instead of just giving her own honest testimony , " Bell testified that she noticed Bonds ' testicles were shrunken , which prosecutors argued was a sign of steroids use . Most jurors were divided 9 to 3 on the question of whether Bonds lied when he said he did not knowingly use steroids , the jurors said . "  The evidence that he did steroids might have been there , but did he knowingly do steroids was the question and we could n't prove that beyond a reasonable doubt , " one woman juror said . "  There was just a piece of the puzzle missing . " Defense lawyers argued that Bonds ' thought the creams and ointments Anderson was giving him were made of flaxseed oils . Prosecutors were hampered in making their case because of the refusal of Anderson to testify against Bonds . With Anderson not taking the stand , prosecutors were unable to show jurors calendars that allegedly kept track of Bonds ' steroid usage . U.S. District Judge Susan Illston found Anderson in contempt of court on the first day of trial testimony when his lawyer informed her that he would not take the stand to answer questions about Bonds steroid use . He was released the day jury deliberations began . Bonds ' legal troubles began in 2003 when he was subpoenaed to testify before the federal grand jury investigating the illegal distribution of performance-enhancing drugs to athletes . Bonds was told he was not a target of the investigation , which was centered on the Bay Area Laboratory Co-operative , known as BALCO . His personal trainer , Greg Anderson , was a target . "  All he had to do was tell the truth , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeff Nedrow said in his closing arguments last week . Bonds lied to the grand jury because he knew the truth about his steroids use would "  tinge his accomplishments " and hurt his baseball career , Nedrow said . "  His secret was so powerful that he could n't admit it , would n't admit it . " The grand jury transcript showed that when he was asked about anabolic steroids before the 2003 baseball season , he said he had not knowingly used them . He did acknowledge using substances Anderson gave him known as "  the clear and the cream . " Nedrow argued that it was "  implausible " that Bonds would take drugs "  and really not know what they were . " A urine sample given by Bonds in the summer of 2003 , just months before his grand jury testimony , tested positive for anabolic steroids , but another sample taken weeks earlier tested negative for the drugs . The San Francisco Giants star ended his 21-year major league career in 2003 with 762 home runs . He also set the record for most home runs in a single season in 2001 , when he hit 73 . Jurors had to decide if they believed the testimony of Steve and Kathy Hoskins , two former childhood friends who worked for Bonds during the years he allegedly used steroids . Defense lawyer Allen Ruby argued that the Hoskinses were motivated by bitterness toward Bonds after he fired them and later accused Steve Hoskins of stealing . A federal criminal probe of Steve Hoskins was dropped after he became a prosecution witness , the defense argued . Steve Hoskins , Bonds ' assistant and sometimes business partner for a decade , testified that he tried to persuade Bonds to stop using anabolic steroids in 2000 and 2003 . Hoskins testified that he had several conversations with Bonds ' doctor about the ballplayer 's steroids use , but that doctor denied it when he was called as a prosecution witness . While he never witnessed Bonds being injected , Hoskins said he saw Bonds and Anderson emerge from a bedroom with a syringe during spring training in 2000 . Bonds complained to him that year that steroid injections "  were making his butt sore , " Hoskins said . Hoskins secretly recorded a locker room conversation with Anderson , Bonds ' trainer who allegedly gave Bonds ' steroids . Jurors who spoke to reporters said they completely ignore the muffled audio recording since it did not have a clear "  chain of evidence " and they were unsure if it had been edited . Bonds ' defense attorney suggested that Hoskins made the recording only after Bonds fired him in March 2003 . Steve Hoskins ' sister , Kathy Hoskins , worked for Bonds his personal shopper until the spring of 2003 . She testified that she was in Bonds ' bedroom packing his suitcase for a road trip in 2002 when Bonds told Anderson to "  stay right here . " He then lifted his shirt and Anderson injected him in his "  belly button " with a syringe , Kathy Hoskins said . " ` This is Katy . That 's my girl . She do n't say nothing to nobody , ' " Kathy Hoskins said Bonds assured his trainer . Defense lawyers argued she lied about the injection incident to support her brother 's testimony . Bonds ' lawyers also tried to discredit the testimony of Bonds ' former girlfriend , who described physical and emotional changes in Bonds that prosecutors contended were evidence of steroids use . Kimberly Bell testified in the trial that she noticed Bonds suffered testicular shrinkage , but she had told the grand jury in 2003 that she had not seen any shrinkage . The eight women and four men on the jury heard 25 prosecution witnesses over two weeks , but the defense rested last week without calling a witness .	NEW : Jurors find Bonds "  evasive " in his grand jury testimony NEW : Jurors came "  very , very close " to convicting Bonds on one perjury count , juror says NEW : Bonds ' ex-girlfriend was not believable , jurors say The charges against Bonds stemmed from the BALCO steroids probe
CNN  -- Actors John Travolta and Kelly Preston said Sunday they are "  heartbroken " over last week 's death of their teenage son . Jett Travolta , 16 , died Friday after a seizure while vacationing with his family in the Bahamas , an attorney for the family has said . Jett Travolta , right , joined his father weeks ago in Paris , where John Travolta has been filming a movie . "  Jett was the most wonderful son that two parents could ever ask for and lit up the lives of everyone he encountered , " Jett Travolta 's parents said in a statement Sunday . "  We are heartbroken that our time with him was so brief . We will cherish the time we had with him for the rest of our lives . " An autopsy on Jett Travolta will be performed Monday , family attorney Michael Ossi said last week . The boy hit his head after the seizure , but the exact cause of death is not known , Ossi said Friday . His body will be transferred to Ocala , Florida , for burial , Ossi said . Watch John Travolta and son , Jett , in Paris " The Travoltas also have a daughter , Ella , 8 . In Sunday 's statement , Preston and John Travolta extended their "  deepest and most heartfelt thanks to everyone who has sent their love and condolences . " "  We have received many messages of condolence from around the world and we want to thank everyone for their prayers and support , " the statement read . "  It has meant so much to us . It is a beautiful reminder of the inherent goodness in the human spirit that gives us hope for a brighter future . " Bahamian police on Friday said a caretaker at the West End resort where the Travoltas were vacationing found the teenager unconscious in the bathroom . Jett Travolta was taken by ambulance to Rand Memorial Hospital in Freeport and was pronounced dead on arrival , police said . iReport.com : Can you relate to the loss of a child ? Share your story Obie Wilchcomb , a former Bahamian minister of tourism , told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Friday the family was on the island for a gathering of 60 family and friends who were arriving throughout the day as the tragedy unfolded . See photos of Jett with his family " Jett Travolta had a developmental disability that his parents have linked to Kawasaki disease , an inflammatory disorder of the artery walls that most commonly occurs in young children and can lead to heart disease . Watch CNN 's Sunjay Gupta discuss Kawasaki disease " In 2001 , John Travolta told CNN 's Larry King that his son had a near brush with death related to the condition . "  I was obsessive about cleaning -- his space being clean , so we constantly had the carpets cleaned . And I think , between him , the fumes and walking around , maybe picking up pieces or something , he got what is rarely a thing to deal with , but it 's Kawasaki syndrome , " Travolta said of his then-2-year-old son . Watch Travolta talk about his son 's condition " "  It was that the immune system overreacts , because they have almost the equivalent of metallic chemical , " Travolta said . In 2003 , Kelly Preston told Montel Williams that when Jett was 2 , he became ill with flu symptoms , including fever , rashes and swollen lymph nodes , before a doctor diagnosed him with Kawasaki disease . Echoing her husband 's comments , Preston blamed chemicals in household cleaners and pesticides for attacking her son 's immune system , triggering the condition . A dedicated Scientologist , Preston told Williams that she credited a detoxification program from the writings of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard with helping improve her son 's health . Kawasaki disease is characterized by fevers and inflammation in the blood vessels that can be caused by a number of inciting factors , including virus , bacteria or infection , CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta said on "  Larry King Live . " "  You get pretty sick for a few days . In the worst-case scenario , sometimes it can affect the blood vessels of the heart , called the coronary arteries , " Gupta said . "  Sometimes they can develop aneurysms in it . That 's probably the most dangerous thing . But again , this is typically a disease associated with young children . It 's typically in Japan , and it 's pretty rare . " Gupta said it was rare for teens to display symptoms of the disease . "  Most of the patients are usually between 2 and 5 years old . Sometimes they get up to age 8 . But it 's very rare in fact for someone to be in their teens and still have symptoms of Kawasaki . They may have had it earlier in life , but to still have any manifestations of it is unusual , " he said . The causes of Kawasaki disease are unknown . Some scientists think it 's caused by an infectious agent , such as a virus . Some studies have noted a link between the disease and carpet cleaning chemicals . John Travolta gained fame in the 1970s , starring in the television series "  Welcome Back , Kotter " and the movies "  Saturday Night Fever " and "  Grease . " His career got a boost in 1994 with his second Best Actor Oscar nomination , for his role as a hit man in "  Pulp Fiction . " Preston has numerous TV and movie credits , including a supporting role in 1996 's "  Jerry Maguire . " CNN 's Valerie Streit contributed to this report .	Parents say Jett Travolta , 16 , was a "  most wonderful son " Jett Travolta died in the Bahamas after seizure , attorney says An autopsy is expected to be performed Monday iReport.com : Parents share stories of unimaginable loss
CNN  -- The images coming out of Haiti since a devastating earthquake rocked the country almost a year ago show death , disease and political uncertainty . Yet these images do n't portray the whole story . Ten-year-old Andrise , who lost her relatives and home in the quake , recently returned to school , proudly wearing her new pink uniform . She boasts to Save the Children staff that she is one of the best students in class . She dreams of becoming a doctor . Andrise is one example of what is possible for children who live in a country that for decades has been mired in poverty and corruption . Today , Haiti is at a crossroads and the future of these children will be determined by their families , countrymen , newly elected government , and , the international community . Will we limit relief efforts to achieve no more than a return to the status quo , or will we make children like Andrise the priority -- and transform tragedy into sustainable progress led by Haitians ? Clearly , the latter is the only way to realize the promise of Haiti 's next generation . I urge Haiti -- with support of the international community -- to achieve a prompt , fair and credible resolution of the election . This would guarantee that lifesaving cholera work can continue uninterrupted so the newly elected government will provide the leadership so Haiti can take advantage of a constellation of factors that hold potential for success . These include : -- the opportunities presented by unprecedented attention , resources and international partnerships focused on Haiti , -- the incredible resiliency of the Haitian people who prefer a hand up to a handout , -- the resourcefulness of Haitians living abroad who are committed to Haiti 's future , -- Haiti 's proximity to the United States , which has a strong national interest in seeing the country progress . As its next-door neighbor , the United States must assist the Haitian people in their quest to build back . Congress and the Obama administration need to make a 15-year commitment to Haiti that will help create sustainable development to improve the health , education and economic opportunities of children and families . The United States must also work with other donors to treat those who are suffering from cholera and invest in water and sanitation programs that will eliminate the conditions in which cholera thrives . A long-term investment is not only the right thing to do , but the smart thing to do . A Haiti that is not developed is far more costly to the U.S. than one that is economically and politically secure . Investing in a more resilient Haiti now will yield significant return . It will cost far less than a continuing cycle of poverty , disaster recovery , and instability which U.S. interests in our hemisphere will require us to address when they reach an emergency level . With the right commitments by Haitian and international leadership , Andrise has a chance to become a doctor . Her mother has a chance to be trained in a profession that will contribute to the economic growth of their community and country . Their family can someday move from a camp to a house that is accessible to health care services , schools and jobs . Small steps can create a ripple effect and lead to big , positive and lasting changes . One only needs to look across the border to the Dominican Republic to see how long-term U.S. investments have contributed to a strong stable government and economy . Forty years ago , the Dominican Republic had some areas that were as undeveloped as Haiti . Today , it has hospitals , universities and a thriving tourism industry . Haiti has the potential to move in this direction . Already Haiti has seen progress since the earthquake , albeit at a much slower pace than many of us would like , given the obstacles it faced before and after the earthquake . Nevertheless , gains are being made . Despite the untenable living conditions and lack of jobs and basic services , many children are back in school . Many families living in camps now have access to clean water , which they did not have before the earthquake . Pregnant and new mothers who never had access to health facilities are seeing doctors , nurses and midwives . Most of this success can be attributed to the generous outpouring from the international community in the immediate aftermath of the quake and to many of the Haitians in the United States and Canada who have returned to help create a better future for their homeland . We should not give up on the opportunity to make Haiti better . With coordinated leadership from the government of Haiti , backed by perseverance and leadership from the United States and international community , Haiti can help ensure Andrise -- and all the children of Haiti -- have the chance to realize their full potential so that they and their country may prosper . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Charles MacCormack .	Charles MacCormack : Haiti must resolve election stalemate so it moves forward from solid base Success stories , he says , like schoolgirl Andrise 's , show Haiti could rebound better than ever MacCormack : U.S. needs to commit 15 years to help improve sanitation , health , education He writes that it 's important for the U.S. to have a prosperous , politically secure neighbor
Each year , 75,000 witnesses identify criminal suspects . Yet , as the New Jersey Supreme Court has acknowledged in a recent landmark case , there is "  a troubling lack of reliability in eyewitness identifications . " In fact , given the risk of executing an innocent person , 16 states ban capital punishment . Yet , in Georgia , Troy Davis faces execution on Wednesday , even though seven out of nine witnesses have recanted their testimony against him . A study released Monday by the American Judicature Society , analyzing 850 photographic lineups , found that mistakes in identification are often related to how the photos of a line-up are presented . It found if a person uninvolved in the case presents the photos one-by-one , rather than all at once , fewer mistakes are made . Another critical factor is whether the authority presenting the photos knows who the suspect is . But it 's not only the method of presentation that is skewing justice . It 's also fear . I know . I had my own bout with mistaken eyewitness testimony . A few years ago , on a bright clear sunny afternoon , I was driving on an empty Connecticut country road when a man ran out in front of my car from a field to my left , carrying a VCR in his arms . The movement , and his incongruous burden , drew my attention . The man froze when he saw my car , and as I passed him our eyes met for a very long moment in the rear-view mirror . I will never forget the jolt of that confrontation . I did n't understand at the time what I was seeing , but the fear , and something wilder , that I saw in his eyes was palpable . After I passed , he dodged into the bushes on the other side of the road and disappeared . I went on to do the errands of the day , while puzzling about the meaning of what I had just seen . Four hours later I decided to tell this experience to the police . It was then I found out there had been a robbery in that neighborhood , a VCR had been stolen and a suspect caught . But before he had been arrested , the suspect shot a police officer , who was in the hospital badly wounded . The police asked me to make an identification from a photographic lineup . Here is what I did : Three separate times , I pointed out a photograph of a man with a beard as the man I had seen on the road . As I learned from the subsequent unfolding of the case , the man I had seen on the road had no beard . In four hours , of course , he had n't had time to grow one . There was no way that the photograph to which I pointed could have been a picture of the man who was under arrest . I chose the photograph of another man because meeting the suspect 's eyes in the rear-view mirror had shocked me so much -- even though I had no conscious knowledge that he had a gun -- that I refused to recognize his face . It was probably because , subconsciously , I never wanted to see him again . This is what it can mean to be a witness to violence . You are not a rational spectator . It does n't matter if a photograph is set in front of you that depicts the real criminal and no one influences you improperly . You can still choose an innocent man . We can analyze all the numbers we want , but until we acknowledge more fully the role emotions play , we wo n't have the data required for the policies we need . Other factors are also instrumental , according to the New Jersey Supreme Court . Findings can be influenced by whether the witness is under a lot of stress , whether the sighting is brief or a weapon is visible , if the witness is a different race from the suspect . The court recommended that juries be better instructed in how these and other factors can affect the ability to remember correctly . But the AJS study 's conclusion is stark : Even if the photos are viewed one by one , culprits were correctly identified only 27 % of the time . According to The Innocence Project , 76 % of those who were exonerated based on DNA evidence were convicted , at least in part , by eyewitness accounts . I am a historian of photography and a scholar of visual studies . I have made my living and my reputation by the sharpness with which I can see , remember and recount the details and meaning of photographs . By the time I was asked to make this identification from a set of photographs , I had been practicing this profession for over a quarter of a century . I was used to looking at all kinds of photographs , even mug shots , which are an area of interest for contemporary artists and cultural critics . And I got it wrong . Until we understand what happens when people look at photographs they do n't want to see , we will not get the data that will drive better policy . We will continue to get wrongful identifications , wrongful convictions and worse , wrongful executions .	Laura Wexler : 7 out of 9 witnesses recanted testimony against Troy Davis Studies find witness testimony notoriously unreliable , she says , including in photo lineups Wexler , whose specialty is photos and memory , made incorrect ID of suspect Wexler : Fear and emotion play a large role in whether you recognize a suspect
CNN  -- A Native American chief has asked all tribal employees not to use FedEx until the Washington Redskins changes its team name . "  Until the name of the NFL team is changed to something less inflammatory and insulting , I direct all employees to refrain from using FedEx when there is an alternative available , " Osage Nation Chief Geoffrey M. Standing Bear penned in his directive to all employees . The tribe also issued a news release saying that Redskins owner Daniel Snyder "  chooses to stick with a brand which dictionaries define as disparaging and offensive . FedEx chose to endorse that brand through their sponsorship of Mr. Snyder 's organization . " It concludes , "  The Osage Nation chooses not to use FedEx services . We encourage other tribal nations to consider similar actions . " Standing Bear was not available for an interview , but Assistant Chief Raymond Red Corn said the tribe would "  stand-pat " on the press release . "  It was not our intention to become a news item , " he said , adding that "  ethics " drove the tribe 's decision . The Redskins play their home games at FedExField , to which the shipping giant purchased the naming rights in a 27-year , $ 207 million deal in 1999 , Forbes reports . Fred Smith , FedEx 's chairman , president and CEO , is part of the team 's ownership group . Patrick Fitzgerald , FedEx 's senior vice president of marketing and communications , released a statement Wednesday saying that his employer values its sponsorship of the stadium and "  we are proud that FedExField is a venue that is used by a wide range of community groups . " "  FedEx has closely followed the dialogue and difference of opinion concerning the Washington Redskins team name , but we continue to direct questions about the name to the franchise owner , " Fitzgerald said . Snyder has repeatedly defended the name and wrote in a March letter that the name "  captures the best of who we are and who we can be , by staying true to our history and honoring the deep and enduring values our name represents . " The team has employed Native Americans to defend the name and launched a site called Redskins Facts to promote its stance that the names honors Native Americans rather than disparages them . The team also has created a foundation to provide resources to tribal communities . The good deed has n't stemmed the controversy as opposition to the name persists , and President Barack Obama said last year that if he were Snyder , he might change the name . In June , the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office canceled six trademarks belonging to the team , saying they were offensive . The team appealed the decision , saying it spent millions defending the trademark , and the patent office ruled the Redskins could use the logos until the years-long appeals process was complete . The National Congress of American Indians has spoken out against the use of Redskins and other Native American mascots , and the Native Voice Network , which represents numerous Native American organizations , has targeted FedEx in its effort to convince Snyder to change the team name . The Native Voice Network says use of "  R-word " has a negative , dehumanizing effect on children , a major concern when the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says suicide is the second-leading cause of death among Native American people between the ages of 15 and 24 . Chrissie Castro , the Native Voice Network 's "  network weaver , " says her group "  definitely " supports Osage Nation . "  We 're very proud of their position and we 'd love to see other tribal communities do the same , " she said . The Oklahoma tribe has about 18,000 members and is situated in Osage County , the setting for the Meryl Streep movie , "  August : Osage County . " CNN 's Devon M. Sayers contributed to this report .	Chief : Do n't use FedEx until Redskins change "  disparaging and offensive " name Washington Redskins team name has been source of controversy Team defends name and says it honors rather than disparages Native Americans Redskins stadium changed name to FedExField in 27-year , $ 207 million deal in 1999
CNN  -- Citing an escalation in violence , the Arab League called off its monitoring mission in Syria this weekend . The announcement came just days after the Syrian government agreed to a one-month extension of the mission . The sudden change in policy "  surprised " the government , according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . It also signaled a new phase in the Arab League 's handling of the crisis . In November , the Arab League voted to suspend Syria from its ranks . A couple of weeks later , it initiated sanctions against the country . One month later , monitors were sent in . The next step appears to be a U.N. Security Council resolution . The council is set to consider a draft resolution , presented by Arab League member Morocco , that calls on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down and transfer power . "  The Arab League have now exhausted their own internal options and they can be seen to have taken action themselves to try to resolve the crisis , " said Chris Phillips , a Middle East professor from Queen Mary , University of London . "  It would now seem legitimate for the Arab League to now turn to larger bodies , certainly the U.N. , to take action itself . " The Arab League , aka the League of Arab States , was created in 1945 to promote closer relations -- politically , economically , culturally and socially -- among its members . The first group consisted of six Arab countries : Egypt , Iraq , Lebanon , Saudi Arabia , Syria and Transjordan  now Jordan  . Since then , it has swelled to 22 members , including the Palestine Liberation Organization . The Arab League is one of many regional unions worldwide . These type of groups , such as the African Union , the Union of South American Nations and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , involve neighboring countries trying to work together for the good of the whole . For much of its history , however , the Arab League has been viewed as a toothless organization , Phillips said . He told CNN he was surprised when 18 of its members voted in favor of suspending Syria . "  The Arab League will still be seen as the agent of brutal , corrupt regimes : Of the 22 Arab League member states , only three members are even vaguely democratic , and of them only Tunisia has had internationally recognized free and fair elections , " he said in November . "  But the decision does show that now the Gulf states may have to start recognizing the power of the ballot box in its relations with neighbors . " Q&A : Where is Syria crisis heading ? Early last year , the Arab League suspended Libya 's membership , condemning Moammar Gadhafi 's regime for attacking peaceful protesters . Within months , the U.N. Security Council voted to impose a no-fly zone over the country , and Gadhafi was history soon after . Are we now witnessing a stronger , more assertive Arab League ? "  We 've seen this organization move toward the idea of intervention on behalf of the people , which is something they steadfastly would not do in the past , almost no matter what , " said Paul Kinsinger , a professor at the Thunderbird School of Global Management who spent 19 years working for the CIA . Kinsinger says the Arab Spring has clearly sent a message to the powers-that-be . "  I think there is a sense that they have to be on the right side of the issue more than they have wanted to be in the past , or else they suffer potential increasing irrelevance in that part of the world , " he said . Before recent interventions in Libya , Yemen and now Syria , many of the Arab people did n't take the Arab League seriously , said Mohamed Alsiadi , a native of Syria and coordinator of the Arabic Language and Cultural Studies Program at Fordham University . "  We did not even look at them , " Alsiadi said . "  But I would say they 're gaining more momentum from the mainstream . ... Finally , we can see a serious Arab League that can take initiative and help the Syrian people . " Alsaidi said he and many other Syrians are still taking a cautious approach , as the Arab League still has much to prove and it remains to be seen what becomes of the U.N. resolution . But it 's clear that there has been a meaningful shift . "  We may see  the Arab League  as weak-kneed and autocrat-loving and - protecting , turning the blind eye to all kinds of excesses going on in their countries , " Kinsinger said . "  But we have to also understand that this is a vastly different part of the world  not familiar with  participatory democracies . They 're busy taking baby steps on a long road , and over the last year they have taken a significant journey on this road . "  The mere fact that the Arab League and other Arab leaders have become more willing to intervene on the behalf of people 's safety , security and well-being in one another 's countries is a significant step forward . " CNN 's Nick Thompson and Peter Wilkinson contributed to this report .	For much of its history , the Arab League has been viewed as a weak regional power The group has come down hard on Syria , however , suspending it in November After sanctions and a failed monitoring mission , it is now turning to the U.N.
CNN  -- Martian rock N165 , it 's your time to shine , or glow , or whatever occurs when a hard substance gets zapped by a laser beam . From about 10 feet away , the Mars rover Curiosity 's ChemCam was to take aim Saturday night at the hapless three-inch rock . "  We are going to hit it with 14 millijoules of energy 30 times in 10 seconds , " Roger Wiens of Los Alamos National Laboratory told reporters . A millijoule is 1/1000th of a joule , which is way too complicated to explain here . Suffice to say , it should get the job done . India to launch Mars orbiter in 2013 ChemCam , short for Chemistry and Camera , will analyze the resulting glowing , ionized gas in an effort to identify chemical elements in the rock . Scientists say it will be the first time such a powerful laser has been used on another planet . The laser works in conjunction with a telescope . NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said Friday that Curiosity 's first driving destination will be Glenelg , about 1,300 feet from the rover 's landing site . "  We had a bunch of strong contenders . It is the kind of dilemma planetary scientists dream of , but you can only go one place for the first drilling for a rock sample on Mars , " said project scientist John Grotzinger . "  That first drilling will be a huge moment in the history of Mars exploration . " The mobile science lab touched down on Mars early on August 6 and has been beaming back images of the surface of Gale Crater ever since . The rover 's primary target is Mount Sharp , a peak about 8 kilometers  5 miles  away . But moving about a football field a day , with lengthy stops , it could take nearly a year to reach the slopes at the base of the mountain . Complete coverage of Mars Mars ` Mohawk Guy ' inspires Obama	Rover 's ChemCam was to zap small Martian rock on Saturday night It will analyze ionized gas to identify chemical elements Curiosity landed in Gale Crater on August 6 ; scientists have been checking its systems
CNN -- The UN Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen last December was widely portrayed as a failure . But just how bad was the result ? And is there cause for optimism ? CNN spoke to climate change expert Mark Lynas who was in the room with world leaders as key decisions were debated . CNN : Would you describe the Copenhagen talks as ' a disaster ' ? And if so , how serious is this failure ? Mark Lynas : I would describe them as a near disaster in the sense the worst outcome would have been no agreement at all , which was very nearly the situation , right up until the end ... Overall , it is n't good , but it is n't the absolute end point either . CNN : China has been widely criticized for being un-cooperative . Do you think world leaders can move forward with a deal , despite China 's attitude ? Mark Lynas : China is n't the new Saudi Arabia , who wanted to block an agreement under all circumstances . The point is that the Chinese need to feel like they are under pressure and they need to feel that they will have to peak their emissions much earlier than they want to . I do n't think that makes them unique , it just puts them in a similar situation to most other countries , including the United States . It was mainly China that tried to block the agreement in the form of the Copenhagen Accord , and I think people need to understand that so that -LSB- the Chinese -RSB- can be put under pressure in the months and years ahead . But I think the real point is this : over the last 15 years it has always been the Annex 1 countries , the rich countries , that have been the bad guys blocking agreements ; countries like the United States , Australia , Canada and Japan have all been seen as obstacles to progress . But at Copenhagen it was a different situation , where the rest of the world was prepared to see serious long-term mitigation targets in any agreement and this was blocked by a country from the developing world . People need to recognize that the geopolitical realities have changed and campaigns need to change accordingly . CNN : How optimistic are you that global leaders will find their way to a multilateral deal before its too late ? Mark Lynas : I do n't think it 's totally disastrous that we do n't have an agreement now . The big emitting countries need to go back and do some thinking about all this , but they ca n't put off an agreement indefinitely . We also have to realize that this argument that because the rich countries have polluted , so the poor have a right to pollute , is flawed both morally and ecologically . This is the argument that has underlain everything so far , and that will need to change . If that 's to happen it 's going to mean a big change in how climate change politics is conceptualized and everyone from governments to NGOs to media organization have to understand this . CNN : What do you think will happen now ? Mark Lynas : We have to think about what all this means and understand why progress has been so agonizingly slow . We need to work on some of the positive outcomes . Personally , I will continue to work with the Maldives to show that going carbon neutral and getting emissions down is not a huge sacrifice , but actually something that makes your life better , and puts you at the forefront with the economic winners . We need to try and change the language used to discuss climate change , from all about burden sharing , to opportunity sharing . That 's a big mental shift , it 's a big political shift and it 's a big economic shift . I also think it 's important to keep developing countries and small island states as low carbon emitters , and make sure that the low-emission path is one that brings them prosperity . We have all the technology to do that , but we do n't have the political framework yet . So , we will need the right kind of funding and political will to take mitigation action . What do you think ? Have your say in the Sound off box at the bottom of the page . CNN : What would you do if you were President of the USA ? Mark Lynas : Obama is a smarter person than I am and I 'm very reluctant to second guess him or make suggestions . Like all leaders he has to make a compromise with domestic pressures , which for him are largely very negative , certainly from the Republican right and make it almost impossible to get an international treaty through the Senate , particularly something to do with climate change . He has to balance that with his international responsibilities to keep the planet habitable . But I think he went to Copenhagen with a reasonable offer . OK , so it 's only four percent below 1990 levels but you 've got to deal with where we are now ... The point is that all countries have to move towards peaking their emissions and the U.S. is at the table to do that and we need other countries to behave likewise . CNN : What action would you like to see ordinary concerned citizens take ? Mark Lynas : It 's a mixture of things . I think as individuals we have to be a bit less naive . It 's really much more important what your electricity company does with its investments , than whether we all change our light bulbs or turn our heating down . This is a problem that will be solved by very large companies and countries . The hippy option of dropping out and having a different lifestyle is largely irrelevant . I want to see proper , free market-based solutions and I do n't see any reason why they do n't exist now . One of the reasons denial is so prevalent is that dealing with climate change is seen as a big government , taxation issue , so those on the right have nowhere to go but be in denial about the problem as a whole . I 'd like to see a shift there , leaving the true Flat Earthers isolated by options that are much more market-based . Now , obviously the campaigning left will go crazy about that , but I do n't mind . It 's important that the debate shifts . CNN : Do you think emissions can be reduced enough to mitigate the worst effects of climate change without a global deal ? Mark Lynas : I think it 's unlikely we can solve this without a multilateral agreement ... It is still cheaper and will probably remain cheaper to manufacture exports with coal than with renewables or nuclear or another cleaner option . So we do need an international agreement that agrees a price on carbon to shift production away from those fuels . Having countries that continue to use huge amounts of carbon to produce things cheaply and undercut their competitors would be a real problem . It is already an issue in the U.S. , people say , ` If China is n't moving why should we ? ' You also get these kind of arguments in Europe . So I think we need a political mechanism that ensures the whole world is working together ... we need a new game in town . CNN : How optimistic are you we can mitigate the worst impacts of climate change ? Mark Lynas : I do n't see why not . I think climate change is one of the easier ecological problems we 've got to address . Tackling biodiversity loss is going to be much more difficult . Climate change should respond to a techno fix approach -- we just need to substitute our energy sources . But how are we going to save the tiger ? Or the polar bears and the millions of other species under threat . I ca n't really see a market-based solution to that , or even a technology-based solution at the moment . There are all these problems waiting in the wings . Climate change is probably the most important and the most urgent ... but I do n't see why the energy system will be so difficult to change , particularly as we have decades to do it . If you think how different the world is today from how it was in 1950 , what will it look like in 2050 ? Almost all the industrial plants that exist will have been retired and replaced by then . So long as we have the politics in place to ensure no new carbon-intensive plants are built , we can get there . CNN : What gives you optimism ? Mark Lynas : I just do n't see any particular reason why we should n't solve this problem . Given that carbon is not necessary for development . You do n't need to burn coal to be prosperous , you do n't even need to bun oil for transport , and there is an alternative for almost everything people want and value in their lives that is currently provided by a fossil fuel , perhaps with the exception of aviation ... The politics look so difficult at the moment because the interests of different countries are n't really aligned , but that 's a job for political leaders . It 's been rather slow going , you know two steps forward , one step backwards , or in the last couple of years , two steps backwards one step forward . We do have to recognize that lack of progress . But political leaders are engaged in this and I ca n't see how it will just be dropped . Plus , the climate will keep on changing , whether it 's global average temperatures or extreme weather events , so we are going to have solve it , even if we have to solve it very hurriedly and very expensively , we will have to do it . Simple as that .	Climate change expert Mark Lynas was at COP15 summit Calls the event a ` near disaster ' saying agreement mainly blocked by China Remains optimistic that climate change can be tackled Says focus should be on opportunity sharing rather than burden sharing
In a rare public appearance since admitting to an extramarital affair , David Petraeus apologized Tuesday night for the scandal that led to his resignation as head of the CIA last year . Petraeus , a retired four-star general , has stayed out of the limelight since the affair was revealed in November . "  Please allow me to begin my remarks this evening by reiterating how deeply I regret and apologize for the circumstances that led to my resignation from the CIA and caused such pain for my family , friends and supporters , " Petraeus told a crowd gathered at a Los Angeles hotel ballroom . "  I am also keenly aware that the reason for my recent journey was my own doing . " Obama taps Brennan as CIA director His comments came at an annual University of Southern California dinner to honor the military . It was one of the fist major public appearance since the scandal derailed the illustrious career of the decorated Army general . Petraeus , who once ran the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , resigned from his CIA post in November . He admitted he had an affair with his biographer , Paula Broadwell , a fellow West Point graduate who spent months studying the general 's leadership of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . The affair came to light during an FBI investigation of "  jealous " e-mails Broadwell reportedly sent to another woman . At the speech Tuesday , he tried to move the focus from his past problems and shine a light on the accomplishments of military members . "  I join you keenly aware that I am regarded in a different light now than I was a year ago , " he said . "  But tonight is not about me . It is about your veterans . Your active duty military and your ROTC cadets . "	David Petraeus resigned last year as head of the CIA He admitted to having an affair with his biographer In a rare public appearance , he express "  regret "
CNN  -- Poland 's presidential election produced no clear winner Sunday , preliminary exit polls showed . The leading candidate , interim President Bronislaw Komorowski , failed to garner more than 50 percent of the vote , which would have clinched victory in the first round of voting to replace President Lech Kaczynski , who was killed in a plane crash in April . The election pitted Komorowski , the parliament speaker who has been acting president since the crash , against Kaczynski 's twin brother , Jaroslaw Kaczynski . According to exit polls , Komorowski had 45.7 percent of the vote to Kaczynski 's 33.2 percent . If those polls are accurate , a second round of voting will be needed to decide the winner . That election would likely take place July 4 . The two were among 10 candidates in the election originally planned for the autumn but brought forward after Kaczynski died . Jaroslaw Kaczynski , once prime minister , is a divisive figure in Polish politics . His far-right Law and Justice party runs on a nationalist platform with the slogan , "  Poland comes first . " "  Poland has to be a strong country , otherwise it will not exist , " he said recently . "  I want to tell everyone here that as president I wo n't just be the head of state -- I will look after the strength of the Polish nation . " Komorowski is a moderate running for the center-right Civic Platform . "  We have been on this road for 21 years together and we have been right , " Komorowski said on the campaign trail . "  We have been moving toward democracy and navigating our way in a free economy . " The tragic death of the president and recent fatal floods in southern Poland -- which left at least 20 people dead and caused hundreds of millions of dollars in damage -- have meant a tame presidential campaign . Political analyst Radoslaw Markowski described the race as "  less aggressive " and said the candidates have avoided straightforward debate . Though the president in Poland is primarily a ceremonial figure , he has the power to veto laws , thus helping to shape politics . The president , his wife and more than 90 others were killed in western Russia on their way to the 70th anniversary of the Russian massacre of Polish prisoners of war in the village of Katyn . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report	NEW : Top two vote-getters fail to garner more than 50 percent of vote President Lech Kaczynski killed in a plane crash in April Election pits president 's twin brother against Parliament speaker Komorowski leads Kaczynski , polls show
Actress Patricia Modell , who was married to former Cleveland Browns/Baltimore Ravens owner Art Modell , died Wednesday , the Ravens organization announced . She was 80 . She is survived by her husband , their two sons , John and David , and six grandchildren , the Ravens said . Modell , also known as Patricia Breslin , appeared on television , film , and the New York stage during her 22-year acting career , the Ravens said . Her most widely known role was as nurse Meg Bentley in the daytime soap opera General Hospital in the late 1960s , and she also played Laura Brooks on the primetime TV drama "  Peyton Place . " Modell was also a regular on "  Twilight Zone , " "  Alfred Hitchcock Presents , " "  Perry Mason , " and "  Maverick . " At one point , the Ravens said , Modell had appeared in more television shows than any other woman in U.S. history . Her record was eventually broken by one of her closest friends , the late Lucille Ball . Modell retired from acting after the couple married in 1969 and became involved in philanthropy . In Cleveland , she did work for the Make-A-Wish Foundation , the Cerebral Palsy Association , and the Cleveland Clinic Foundation . She and her husband started and funded the Hospice of the Western Reserve in Cleveland . Modell was a major contributor in Baltimore to the St. Vincent 's Center and the Baltimore Museum of Art . The Modells contributed $ 3.5 million to the Lyric Opera House , which was recently renamed the Patricia and Arthur Modell Performing Arts Center at The Lyric . The Modells pledged $ 5 million to help start a public boarding school , The SEED School , for disadvantaged students . They were named the 2009 Outstanding Philanthropists of the Year for their work and donations by the Association of Fundraising Professionals in Maryland . Art Modell has been connected with the NFL since 1961 , including 43 years of full ownership of the Browns and the Ravens . He moved the franchise from Cleveland to Baltimore in 1996 , renaming it so a new Cleveland team could keep the historic Browns name . He sold the team in 2004 but remains a minority owner .	Modell was married to Art Modell , the former owner of an NFL franchise She is survived by her husband , sons , and grandchildren Modell started acting on television in 1949
Sydney  CNN  -- Kevin Rudd and Tony Abbott , the two men vying to be Australia 's prime minister in the September 7 national election , offer contrasting views on China , the country that looms largest on Australia 's economic and strategic horizon . Rudd , the Chinese-speaking incumbent prime minister in the Labor-led government , says the China resources boom is over and Australia needs to prepare for that transition , given how important China has become as a trade partner in the past decade . China is a key destination for Australian resources such as iron ore , coal and LNG . But in recent months , even China 's breakneck economic pace has hit some speed bumps . On the broader geopolitical front , Rudd wants China and the United States to carve out a new Asia-Pacific "  strategic road-map " that will enhance trade , investment and security in the region . READ MORE : Rudd : Better second time around ? The Opposition 's view on China Abbott , who has led the opposition Liberal Party since 2009 , wants the Australia-China relationship to move from one based on shared interests to one of "  shared values . " But he notes that Australia 's friendship with China is more recent than that with Japan , and less developed than that with the United States . In a major policy speech to a business audience in Beijing last year , Abbott said he believed it would take time before Australia 's ties with China approached "  the warmth that we take for granted with America . " Still , he believes it is an effort worth making . Like his mentor , former Australian prime minister John Howard , Abbott is a rock-solid supporter of Australia 's military alliance with the United States , and believes that it is possible to be friends both with Washington and Beijing . Howard , he said , "  understood that you could make a new friend without losing an old one . " Abbott said Australia accepted China 's modernization of its armed forces and so Australia 's strong military relationship with the United States should be seen more as a means of "  building trust than picking sides . " His objective in government would be engagement with China rather than containment , and cooperation rather than strategic competition . Where they agree Where Rudd and Abbott are in agreement is on the need to wrap up a free trade agreement with China that has been in the works since 2005 . The two countries recently began their 20th round of negotiations , but differences over agriculture , investment access and intellectual property protection continue to stymie a result . In contrast , neighboring New Zealand signed a free trade agreement with China in 2008 and has seen its exports of meat , dairy and other foodstuffs grow significantly . READ MORE : China orders NZ dairy recall There has been some bilateral progress this year . During a visit to China in April , Julia Gillard , the Labor leader who took over when Rudd was dumped by his own party in 2010 before she suffered the same fate at Rudd 's hands on June 26 , signed a "  strategic partnership " agreement with President Xi Jinping that calls for annual high-level leadership meetings . Rudd has already invited Xi to visit Australia next year . Abbott has said that if he wins government , his first overseas trip would be to Indonesia , and his second would include China . He has also pledged to sign a China free trade agreement within 12 months of taking office . But Abbott has also expressed wariness about Chinese state-controlled investment in Australia . "  Chinese investment is complicated by the prevalence of state-owned enterprises , " he told the Australian Chamber of Commerce in Beijing . "  It would rarely be in Australia 's national interest to allow a foreign government or its agencies to control an Australian business . " In that same speech , Abbott pushed the need for Chinese political and legal reforms . "  In the long term , China should prosper even more if its people enjoyed freedom under the law and the right to choose a government , despite the difficulty of managing this transition in a country with a tumultuous history , " he said . But whatever disagreements Australia had with China , Abbott said it was important to acknowledge the vast improvement in living standards that Chinese people had enjoyed since the 1970s . Where Abbott is comfortable with U.S. primacy and policy , Rudd argues that it is up to both China and the United States to take the lead in creating a more integrated , secure and prosperous Asia-Pacific . Rudd 's record in China The first time Rudd was Australia 's prime minister  2007-2010  , he irritated the Chinese leadership through his criticism of China 's human rights record in Tibet during an April 2008 speech to university students in Beijing . Rudd , a lifelong student of Chinese history and a fluent Mandarin speaker from his time as a diplomat in the Australian Embassy in Beijing in the 1980s , maintained he was simply speaking frankly , as befitted one of China 's "  zhengyou " or "  true , critical friends . " Rudd 's enthusiasm for all things Chinese has n't waned . For the last year he has been banging the drum about the need for a new China-US strategic road map -- something that may have seen its formative steps in the informal discussions between U.S. President Barack Obama and President Xi at Sunnylands in California in early June . Rudd believes that Xi is "  a Chinese leader that the Americans can do business with . " In a speech to foreign correspondents in Sydney late last year , Rudd described Xi as "  experienced , confident and self-assured and because of his family 's political pedigree  his father Xi Zhongxun was a Politburo member  , comfortable with the mantle of political leadership . " READ MORE : Rudd writes on China 's leadership change Certainly the Sunnylands meeting between Obama and Xi looked to have increased the personal chemistry between the two leaders . Unlike some of his predecessors , Xi is relaxed in an international setting and has spent considerable time in the United States . Rudd sees a role for Xi that goes beyond the development of long-term U.S.-China relations to one that involves "  shaping the broad architecture of a new rules-based order for Asia . " This is how Rudd described Xi just before the latter 's elevation to the top job in China : "  Given the formidable strategic and economic challenges that lie ahead , both for China itself , and China 's place in the region and the world , on balance I believe Xi Jinping to be the man for the times . " Road map for China Rudd 's road map for U.S.-China ties includes more regular meetings between the U.S. and Chinese presidents -- about five times a year -- and the appointment on both sides of an undisputed "  point person " who would be the main channel for the relationship , in the style of Henry Kissinger in the Nixon era . For the U.S. , that person is current National Security Adviser Susan Rice , who replaced Tom Donilon on July 1 . For China , Xi 's top foreign policy advisor is former ambassador to the U.S. , former foreign minister and current State Councillor Yang Jiechi , though academic and Politburo member Wang Huning is also regarded as an influential "  behind the scenes " figure . In Rudd 's view , any U.S.-China strategic road map for Asia should seek to include Japan and China in a new Trans-Pacific Partnership that ideally would become a "  genuine free trade area of Asia and the Pacific . " Rudd is the first to acknowledge the difficulties in getting China and Japan together . To achieve this , he says , would require proactive political leadership from Beijing , Washington and Tokyo . For his part , Abbott says that while U.S. policy is not infallible , "  its interventions abroad are invariably in favour of democracy and human rights , not against them . " Because of the history and values shared by Australians and Americans , Abbott said there were easy returns for Australia from the relationship with Washington . But to get anything like comparable returns with China , Australians would have to work much harder .	Australian election pits incumbent Kevin Rudd against Tony Abbott Abbott leads Liberal-National coalition , Abbot 's mentor is former PM John Howard Rudd wants China and U.S. to carve out new Asia-Pacific "  strategic road-map " Abbott wants Australia-China relationship to move to "  shared values "
CNN  -- Facebook 's billion-dollar purchase of Instagram this week may have been the first time that many Facebookers heard of the tech-world darling , which lets users turn their phone photos into sleek-looking , stylized images with a single touch . The acquisition shined a light on what 's emerging as a nearly incontrovertible truth in tech circles : Mobile is the future of photography and the tools used to enhance and share phone-generated images have value that is only expected to climb . Instagram is n't the only player in that field , but it had quickly become its all-star . Barely a year-and-a-half old , Instagram had already racked up 30 million users on Apple 's mobile system before opening up to Android users last week . Another 5 million signed up in less than a week , setting the table for Facebook to gobble up what until Monday was emerging as its prime competitor in mobile photo-sharing . Some early adopters complained that Facebook snatching up their favorite app takes some of the indie shine off of it . But there 's no question that , by putting the tool in front of its hundreds of millions of users , Facebook could amp up what 's already a quickly emerging sector of the mobile landscape .  For reference , witness what happened with music streaming when Facebook and Spotify signed an exclusive sharing deal  . The appeal of Instagram and similar apps does n't take much work to suss out : With minimal effort , they let pedestrian photographers share enhanced images with their friends . "  The strength of Instagram is in its simplicity , " said Bill Jones , founder and editor of The Photo Argus , a photography resource blog . "  A few clicks and you have a once average image that now looks amazing and can be easily shared with your friends . " View featured comments , photos from readers Instagram , he said , "  recognized a space that needed to be filled , and they filled it ... Mix in some luck and there you go , a billion-dollar acquisition . " While the Facebook-Instagram is the richest and most high-profile example , other Web bigwigs have clearly recognized that mobile is the future of photography . In 2010  an eon ago in Internet years  , Google led the charge by buying Picnik , one of the first sites to combine cool photo-editing tools with cloud computer storage . And last month , AOL  which had its own billion-dollar deal this week  bought Hipster -- an app that lets user create postcards out of their photos . Instagram 's rapid growth -- it 's more than doubled its user base in the past five months -- is just the latest evidence of the explosion of online and mobile photo sharing . In less than two years the app has already hosted more than 500 million images -- more than 30 times greater than the entire photo archive of the Library of Congress . That sounds like a lot until you realize that Facebook users have uploaded more than 170 billion photos to the social network , making it the single largest host of images on the Internet , according to statistics cited during a panel last month during the South by Southwest Interactive conference . Photographers on that panel , which included Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom , said the mobile-photography craze is important , even if it sometimes leads mundane , amateurish images flooding your social networks . "  Having 100 million more photos in the world is n't doing anybody any harm , " said Richard Koci Hernandez , assistant professor of new media at the University of California-Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism . "  It has value no matter what . " Jones , of The Photo Argus , agrees , and says mobile photography is likely to remain on the rise at technology improves . "  I think this purchase sends a signal that mobile photography is more relevant than ever , " he said . "  Mobile photography is already overtaking the point-and-shoot market . I think this has been obvious for some time . But soon they will begin to really encroach on the  digital camera  market , as well . As the technology gets better , people might be more inclined to put their ` pro ' camera in their pocket instead of purchasing one they need a backpack for . " Instagram is known for producing artful , filter-laden photos that would not look out of place hanging in an art gallery . But Systrom believes the most meaningful images on his network are n't necessarily the ones taken by professional photographers . He cited people in the Midwest who used Instagram earlier this year to document damage caused by tornadoes . "  How can we get the most important images out there -- not necessarily the most socially pleasing ? " he said at the SXSW panel , suggesting that Instagram in the future might highlight curated photos , not just the ones with the most "  likes . " "  How do we sift through that -LSB- all the images on Instagram -RSB- and present for you the most interesting and most meaningful photos ? That 's our challenge for the next few years . " "  My hope is that people feel at home on Instagram by posting just about anything , " Systrom added . "  On Instagram , taking photos really helps you see the world around you in a whole new way . " While Instagram has clearly rocketed to the top of the pack in a short time , a rising tide has lifted the ships of other mobile apps as well . Those efforts stand to benefit from the increased attention the Instagram buyout will bring , as well as any Instagram users who may peel off as a sort of nose-thumbing at Facebook , the 800-pound gorilla of the social networking world . They include : Cinemagram : Adds animation . With Cinemagram , users are invited to shoot a few seconds of video with their phones . Then , by selecting a few images from their videos , they can create what appear to be animated photographs . We 're pretty sure this is how they did it at Hogwarts . Piictu : In a way , Piictu is the anti-Instagram . Users are encouraged to post plain , simple photos that communicate for them -- which is why the app has been called "  Twitter for pictures . " Like Twitter , photos are grouped together under trending topics , letting users share with strangers as well as friends . PIxable : If Instagram is a way to push your fancy , filtered photos to sites like Facebook and Twitter , Pixable lets you take photos already on those sites , fancy them up and share with other users of the app . Hipstamatic : A precursor to Instagram , Hipstamatic was probably the first way people started seeing grainy , old-fashioned photos popping up in their Facebook and Twitter feeds . Instead of instantly applying a filter , Hipstamatic lets users modify their photos through a series of tweaks to get just the right classic look . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	Facebook 's Instagram purchase shines light on emerging mobile photo market Instagram had racked up more than 30 million users in a year and a half Photogs say the appeal is in making simple photos look fancy with little effort Apps like Cinemagram , Piictu , Pixable and Hipstamatic also stand to gain
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's first space laboratory module launched Thursday , according to state-run media , an important milestone in China 's plan to build a space station . China 's Xinhua news agency showed a picture of President Hu Jintao watching the launch of Tiangong-1 at Beijing Aerospace Control Center along with Communist Party officials . Tiangong means "  heavenly palace " in Chinese . It lifted off from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre in Gansu Province , northwest China . The module was on a carrier rocket , called the Long March 2F T1 . The 8.5-ton lab module is part of an experiment to test space rendezvous and docking capabilities , essential for the operation of a manned space platform . Opinion : Make China our new partner in space Wu Ping , spokesperson for the China Manned Space Engineering Project , told a press conference before the launch that the effective volume of the experiment module is about 15 cubic meters , which could potentially accommodate three astronauts . Tiangong-1 was originally scheduled to launch at the end of August but was postponed after the failure of another satellite launch . When the module successfully enters its low Earth orbit , an unmanned spacecraft -- Shenzhou-8 -- will be sent into space to dock with it . The two spacecraft will fly for about 12 days after the first docking , before conducting another docking test at an appropriate time in flight , Xinhua reported . After the two tests , the Shenzhou-8 will return to Earth and the Tiangong-1 will rise to its original orbit to wait for the next docking test . China sent its first astronaut into space in 2003 , the first stage in a "  three-step " strategy to develop its manned engineering project . The launch of Tiangong-1 is the second step . If successful , it will be followed by the last phase : to build a permanent space lab that will allow astronauts to conduct long-term space experiments . "  It is of great significance for the realization of the three-step Strategy of China Manned Space Engineering Project and the promotion of sustainable development of manned space flight . " said Wu . According to Xinhua , Beijing hopes to build a space station by around 2020 . China is not part of the project that maintains the International Space Station  ISS  , which currently orbits the Earth conducting experiments in a range of fields , from physics to astronomy . The ISS is a joint venture between NASA , Russia 's RKA space agency , Japan 's Aerospace Exploration Agency , the European Space Agency and the Canadian CSA .	NEW : China launches the space lab module Tiangong-1 , which means "  heavenly palace " in Chinese The 8.5-ton module is part of an experiment to test space rendezvous and docking capabilities China sent its first astronaut into space in 2003 , part of a "  three-step " strategy to develop a space station
CNN  -- Former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , serving a seven-year sentence after last year 's conviction on a charge of abuse of authority , has been on a hunger strike for four days because she was beaten unconscious in prison last week , she said Tuesday . But the prosecutor said Tuesday that his office immediately investigated Tymoshenko 's claim and did n't find proof to substantiate her allegations . A medical expert was sent , but Tymoshenko refused an examination , said Gennady Tyurin , general prosecutor of Kharkiv region . He said he has declined to open a criminal case . "  The investigation is over , " Tyurin said . Last October , a Ukrainian court found Tymoshenko guilty of abuse of authority for signing gas contracts with Russia and sentenced her to the seven-year prison term . Prior to the alleged beating , Tymoshenko was discussing with officials a transfer Monday to a hospital for health reasons , she said . But on Friday evening , her cell mate left the cell , and then "  three sturdy men " entered , threw a bed sheet over her , dragged her off the bed and applied "  brutal force , " she said in a statement . "  In pain and despair , I started to defend myself as I could and got a strong blow in my stomach through the bed sheet , " she said in a statement . Tymoshenko was dragged "  into the street , " she said . "  I thought these were the last minutes of my life . In unbearable pain and fear I started to cry and call out for help , but no help came . " She fell unconscious , and when she came to , she was in a hospital ward , she said . Tymoshenko went on her hunger strike the day after the beating , Saturday , she said . She stopped taking food "  to draw attention of the democratic world to things happening in the center of Europe , in the country named Ukraine , " she said . Tymoshenko charged that "  the president of Ukraine is steadily and pedantically building a concentration camp of violence and lack of rights . " She is asking for a "  public international investigation " into the administration of President Viktor Yanukovych and added , "  we must do everything possible to remove the Yanukovych regime . " In April 2011 , the Ukraine 's Prosecutor General 's office opened a criminal case charging Tymoshenko with signing overpriced gas deals with Russian energy provider Gazprom that inflicted damages to the country amounting to more than 1.5 billion hryvnas  almost $ 190 million at the current exchange rate  and that Tymoshenko had allegedly no right to sign . The court ruled Tymoshenko must repay the money , and she is banned from holding public office for three years . Tymoshenko narrowly lost to Yanukovych in a presidential election in February 2010 , and she became his fiercest opponent . She has repeatedly brushed off all charges against her as political , calling the trial a "  farce " and naming the judge a "  stooge of Yanukovych 's administration , " appointed to "  fabricate " the case . Amnesty International has slammed the verdict as "  politically motivated " and called for the release of Tymoshenko , who was prime minister from January to September 2005 and December 2007 to March 2010 . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Ukraine 's former prime minister , Yulia Tymoshenko , has n't taken food since Friday night She is in prison serving a seven-year sentence for abuse of authority The prosecutor says his office investigated and found no "  proof " of her allegations
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A southern Baghdad marketplace became a scene of carnage for the second time in a month when a car bomb exploded Wednesday , killing at least 15 people and wounding 40 , an Interior Ministry official said . Iraqis look at damage from a bombing at a produce market in Baghdad on Wednesday . A second car bomb killed two people in central Baghdad , while a roadside bomb wounded seven people on the city 's east side , authorities reported . They were the latest in a string of attacks that are stoking fears of renewed warfare as U.S. troops prepare to withdraw from Iraqi cities . The deadliest of the three attacks came during the busy morning hours at the Alwat al-Rasheed produce market in the capital 's Dora district . The market was the scene of one of seven attacks on April 6 that struck mainly Shiite Muslim districts of Baghdad . Watch gutted cars after bombing " One angry survivor of the blast blamed the continued American presence in Iraq for the violence . "  The Americans are responsible for what is happening , " he told CNN . "  It is because of the occupation that every day we have killings and wounded people . " Another car bomb was later found in the market and safely detonated by a munitions team , the Interior Ministry said . That bomb was set to explode as emergency response teams arrived at the scene , officials said . Security at the market seemed to be lax . Vehicles in the area were not checked by security forces , who said they did not have equipment to detect explosives . In the central district of Karrada , where a bomb in a minibus killed two people Wednesday morning , news vendor Jumaa al-Qureishi said the latest bombings have left Iraqis "  afraid of a return to violence and terror . " "  The Iraqi army and police are still not ready to take over security responsibilities , " al-Qureishi said . "  You can see that on the streets . People have no confidence in them . Car bombs are getting through checkpoints . " The third bomb exploded as a traffic police patrol was passing by . The blast wounded four officers and three civilians , an Interior Ministry official told CNN . The latest attacks follow an April uptick in violence that made it the deadliest month this year for Iraqi civilians and American troops . The U.S. military blames al Qaeda in Iraq for the attacks , which have been concentrated in Baghdad and the northern city of Mosul , the jihadists ' last urban stronghold . Recent attacks by the Sunni Arab jihadists have targeted Shiites in an attempt to rekindle the sectarian warfare that ravaged Iraq in 2006 and 2007 , Perkins said . But the attacks have so far failed to generate retaliation by the country 's Shiite majority . U.S. troops are slated to pull out of Iraqi cities at the end of June as part of an agreement that will see all American troops leave the country by the end of 2011 . Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , the Iraqi military 's spokesman in Baghdad , said the government remains determined to take over security for the cities when the Americans withdraw . But he said he would not paint a "  rosy picture " of the situation Iraqi security forces face . "  The battle with what is left of the terrorist groups and former regime members is ongoing , " he said . CNN 's Cal Perry and Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	NEW : Third Baghdad bombing of the day injures seven people , including four police Car bomb at busy produce market kills at least 15 , injures 40 , officials say In separate incident , at least two killed by bomb in parked minibus Market bomb was at same location hit by double car bombing last month
Annapolis , Maryland  CNN  -- Several thousand hoarse voices raise the rafters of the old Halsey Field House on a special night each year on the Annapolis campus of the U.S. Naval Academy . There 's plenty of testosterone and warrior machismo in the air as the midshipmen gather to watch their classmates battle it out at the annual Brigade Boxing Championships . Every midshipman , male and female , knows what its like to tie on the gloves , Naval Academy boxing coach Jim McNally says . "  There 's a lot of interest in the Brigades because they all take boxing , and they get a taste of it , and a lot of them would never have thought about boxing until they take it in a phys . ed . class . " The boxing team practices daily on the top floor of MacDonough Hall , beneath names and photos of teams and champions past that line the walls . There 's not a modern weight machine , elliptical exerciser or yoga ball in sight . This is hard-core , old-school training . Leather heavy bags hang swing from chains as they are repeatedly struck . Jump ropes nick the wood floor in constant repetition . Mirrors are used for shadowboxing . Three boxing rings quickly fill with activity as midshipmen lace up gloves , strap on headgear and spar with each other until they drip with sweat . The rhythmic pounding of leather on leather and leather on muscle creates a constant thudding and smacking sounds . February 's fights marked the 69th time midshipmen faced each other in the ring for the annual championships . "  It 's a tournament with a lot of history and tradition here , and a lot of famous alumni who have graduated who have been brigade champions or brigade boxers , " McNally said . "  We 've had generals and admirals , space shuttle astronauts , the secretary of the Navy and U.S. senators . " One of the most famous matches took place in 1967 between Larry North , whom many know today as Oliver North of Iran-Contra fame , and Jim Webb , now a U.S. senator from Virginia and former secretary of the Navy under President Reagan . North won the bout , and his name now hangs on the wall in the boxing room . McNally has seen a lot of boxers in his more than two decades with the program and says Midshipman 1st Class Michael Anthony Steadman of College Station , Texas , is one of the best he 's seen in a long time . Steadman is a two-time national champion , McNally says . "  He 's one of the hardest-working guys in the gym , a great team leader . " Steadman is the team captain and boxes in the 175-pound weight class . Every ounce is chiseled muscle , from his calves to his shaved head . His eyes are focused and his look determined . After graduation , Steadman plans to become a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps and serve in the infantry . "  We here in the boxing program have a tradition of a lot of us tending to go to the Marine Corps or the -LSB- special ops -RSB- communities . Because boxing builds that warrior spirit , we like to really think we have the warrior ethos , and every time we step in the ring , it gives us a chance to test ourselves to the limit . " This is his fourth year in the brigade championships . He lost his first year but came back to defeat that foe as a sophomore . Steadman dedicates all his fights to his mother , who suffered a stroke in 2007 . "  I draw a lot of strength from my mom and her situation , and I know that through her and all the sacrifices she 's made for me , stepping in the boxing ring is nothing . " He calls her on his cell phone before every match . Steadman is heavily favored in his fight against a plebe , or freshman , boxer named Angelo Loreno of San Jose , California . Eight matches have taken place by the time the 175-pound weight class participants enter the ring . Steadman wears a navy blue shirt and shorts with gold trim ; Loreno is clad in gold with blue trim . Matches consist of three two-minute rounds , with a minute of rest in between . Boxers who have traded blows in the ring now relax , socialize and cheer on the remaining competitors . It 's hard to believe that only minutes before , they were taking swings at each others ' heads . "  The Navy boxers here are like brothers , " Steadman said . "  We hang out on the weekend , call each other on break ; we look out for each other . I 've bled with them . I 've fought with them . I 've trained with them in the gym . It 's just like a family . " At the bell , Loreno comes out hard and connects with a flurry of punches in the first round . But tonight is not his night . Steadman 's strength and experience carry him through the fight as he scores with rights and lefts , uppercuts and jabs . Loreno stays on his feet the entire bout and puts forth a respectable showing . The crowd is clearly for Steadman . Those packed behind his corner chant "  Mike , Mike , Mike , Mike " as the clock ticks down before the final bell . Steadman is declared a three-time Brigade Champion , and his arm is raised high . The two midshipmen embrace , and Steadman walks Loreno back to his corner and gives him words of encouragement . "  He really rocked me in the first round , " Steadman said . "  I 'm old Navy boxing . He 's the future of Navy boxing . " Steadman was also singled out for a special award and was named the Brigade 's Most Outstanding Boxer of the tournament . It 's not a surprise that boxing is popular at the Naval Academy . "  Being the nature of the institution that we 're developing warriors here , " McNally said , "  you get a lot of individuals that say , ' I want to go our for a sport that 's a warrior-type sport that 's going to help me be a warrior in my career in the Navy or the Marine Corps . ' " With the introduction of high technology and specialization in athletics in recent years , McNally puts boxing and what his team does in very simple terms : "  Boxing is as basic as it comes . As soon as man learned how to stand up on two feet and curl his hand into a fist , they 've been fighting . "	Midshipmen face off in Naval Academy 's Brigade Boxing competition Well-known names have taken part in championships over the years Coach says this year 's champion is one of the best he 's seen
CNN  -- It seems no-one in South Africa can fail to be gripped by World Cup football fever . The running , tackling , shooting , offside-appealing proof comes with a clutch of grannies who have been playing in a fiercely competitive league around the Nkowankowa township , 600 kilometers north of Johannesburg . A squad of 35 nans down domestic duties twice a week to take to the field for their team Vakhegula Vakhegula , and compete against seven other teams in the region . Some of them even credit the beautiful game as having turned their lives around . "  I like to play soccer because it helps , " said Nari Baloyi , who at 47-years-old , clocks in as one of the youngest players . "  We were sick , but now our temperatures , our blood pressures ... have gone down ... even our doctors are amazed when we go for a check-up . " One of the more elderly members , Nora Makhubela , is convinced that football has given her a new lease of life following the setback of suffering six strokes . "  My life has really changed ... if I were to run with you I would beat you even though I 'm much older , " she said , throwing down the gauntlet to the likes of Ronaldo , Messi et al. . "  My life has improved because of the football . I wish God could bless the person who came up with this great idea . " The women contribute around $ 1 a month each for footballs , kit , and travel to the bi-annual regional tournament . Dozens of noisy fans cheer on the players , with the distinctive sound of the vuvuzelas -- a South African trumpet -- creating an atmosphere that would be welcome at any European Champions League tie . Makhubela is hoping her new-found love of the game extends long enough for her to be able to watch some of the matches when the World Cup begins in June . "  I pray every day to God to keep me alive until 2010 . I would really love to watch the games , " she said . The team was formed three years ago to offer older women a chance to exercise and come together as a group , says community worker Beka Ntsanwisi . "  Some of them could n't even walk properly and if they did something in their free time they would be knitting or sewing and sitting all the time ... here they run , shout , fight with you ... it keeps them young , " she said . David Maake said his job coaching the team is the best he 's ever had . "  With young boys you need more money to achieve many things ... here , I may come with my stress ... but I will laugh so much until I forget everything , " he said . The team have even suggested they play a curtain raiser for the main event itself , a brainwave the footballing authorities have said they will give serious thought to . If the women do manage to take part as an hors d'oeuvre to the World Cup proper one thing is for sure , what they lack in skill they will make up for in enthusiasm .	Grannies in a South African township have taken up football The women have been inspired by World Cup fever in the country Some women have reported improving health as a result of playing the game The grannies may play a match as a curtain raiser to the tournament
CNN  -- For actress Kyra Sedgwick , it 's the public 's approval that makes it worth being away from her family for six months to tape her critically acclaimed series "  The Closer . " Kyra Sedgwick and her husband , Kevin Bacon , at the 66th annual Golden Globe Awards this month . But she may be getting more approval from her peers , too . Sedgwick will walk the red carpet again Sunday night at the Screen Actors Guild Awards , where she is nominated for a fourth consecutive year for outstanding performance by a female actor in a drama series for her role as Deputy Chief Brenda Johnson . She 's also won a Golden Globe for her performance , in 2007 . The TNT series resumes Monday night where it left off in September with what Sedgwick called "  a fantastic five episodes . "  TNT is a unit of Time Warner , as is CNN . "  I said to the writers , ' I really want a lot of personal stuff for Brenda , ' " Sedgwick said . "  I feel like there 's some of those personal quiet moments with her alone , is something that I 've been missing as an actor , and I feel like the audience has been missing , too . "  She is such a complicated , fascinating character , and watching her growth and lack of growth is something that is really interesting , " she said . When CNN asked whether the new episodes might include a wedding for her character , Sedgwick laughed . "  That might very well happen , " she said . "  That 's pretty insightful of you . I 'm just going to just say that . " A marriage for Brenda Johnson would be "  a complicated , difficult situation , " she said , because "  she 's basically married to her work . " Sedgwick 's job also complicates her real-life marriage to Bacon , since the show is produced in Los Angeles and the couple lives in Connecticut with their two children . That 's where the approval -- whether on the street from fans or at award shows -- has "  been a wonderful phenomenon for me , " she said . "  On a personal level , that 's really good for me , because I really miss my family when I 'm working on the show six months in L.A. , " she said . "  As much as I try to get my kids to move to L.A. and my husband , they just would n't have it . "  It 's challenging , and I 'm glad that people are watching , because otherwise it would be kind of hard to go to work , " Sedgwick said . Sedgwick has moved into an executive producer 's role on the show , which she said she expects to continue for at least two more years . "  I love being with a group where there 's not a power struggle , " she said . "  I have a lot of say , and I always have . And that feels really good . " CNN Radio 's Jackie Howard contributed to this report	TNT resumes Sedgwick 's series "  Closer " where it left off in September Sedgwick is also up for two SAG awards Sunday Sedgwick expects to be in the executive producer 's role for at least two more years
Vershire , Vermont  CNN  -- Armed with a law degree , an SUV that serves as a mobile office and her own harrowing personal history , 58-year-old trucker-turned-lawyer Wynona Ward navigates the back roads of rural Vermont . Her mission : to aid victims of domestic violence . Ward is the founder of Have Justice Will Travel , a group that works to end the generational cycle of abuse by giving free legal representation and support services to isolated -- and often desperate -- low-income people and their children . "  For domestic violence victims in rural areas , it can be very devastating , " Ward said . "  They 're out there on these back roads , with no access to in-town services . Many do not have telephones ; some do not have a driver 's license or automobile . So we go to them . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes In 1991 , Ward was a 40-year-old truck driver with no college degree . She was also harboring a past full of horrific sexual and physical abuse . Then , one phone call from a family member changed everything . "  My husband and I were driving a tractor trailer unit across the country and -LSB- learned that -RSB- a child in my family revealed that she had been abused by my brother , " Ward said . She says the same child had been sexually abused by her grandfather -- Ward 's father -- years before . "  I knew what she was going through . It took me back to my own childhood where I was abused in a very similar way . I just said , you know , I 've got to go home . This ca n't happen anymore . " Ward 's own childhood was marked by extreme poverty , violence and abuse . Her father raped her before she was 3 , and the abuse continued throughout her childhood , Ward said . Her father also beat Ward 's mother and siblings . "  When my father sexually abused me , it was very traumatic , " Ward said . "  But what was much more traumatic for me was when I watched him beat my mother , choke my mother , throw things at her . "  Many times , I wondered why she did n't die , because the abuse was so bad . " Ward said that this type of in-home abuse is not uncommon in many rural areas and that not only is it generational , it 's also frequently ignored -- and often unreported . "  Very often , when the neighbors heard screaming coming from our home , they just turned their heads . And when we heard screaming coming from their homes , we turned our heads , too , because it was an accepted way of life . " School was Ward 's salvation and safe harbor . A good student , she began dating a classmate named Harold at age 13 . She left home at 17 , married Harold when she was 18 , and tried to put her past behind her . But when the recurring pattern of sexual abuse surfaced in her family again , Ward was moved to action . "  I decided I was going to go and hang all the sex offenders that there -LSB- were -RSB- , " Ward said . "  But instead , I learned that I could be more helpful working in family law , where women and children really needed the help and where I could be there for them on a daily basis . " Ward became a volunteer victim 's advocate and worked with her family members to convict her brother for abusing the child in her family . Along the way , she realized she had a passion for law . At 44 , Ward became the first person in her family to graduate from college . She went on to Vermont Law School , graduating when she was 48 . "  At that point in time , I did n't feel 48 , " she said , laughing . "  I was just ready to go to work . " With the help of a grant , Ward established Have Justice Will Travel at her kitchen table . Since 1998 , the group has provided nearly 10,000 victims with legal and social services . " -LSB- We -RSB- work with these women so they can become strong and independent and self-reliant and be able to support themselves and their children , " Ward said . Ward works closely with victims ' advocacy groups to help provide a "  complete package , " including shelters , hot line information , housing , clothing and legal support . Her group 's services include transportation to and from court hearings and free legal representation . Ward divides her time among client visits , grant-writing and fundraising . She sees hundreds of clients each year , driving more than 30,000 miles annually in her truck -- which is equipped with a radio , scanner , cell phone , computer and printer . Some of her clients do n't have electricity . Driving herself into the most remote areas of Vermont , Ward said she 's been able to reach victims who otherwise would n't have access to support services . Asked what keeps her going , Ward said , "  I think about my mom sitting at our kitchen table , trying to figure out how to make the last 10 cents last to feed us all . " -LSB- Have Justice Will Travel -RSB- would have ... said to my mother , ` Yes , you are being abused , and it is not OK . You do not have to put up with this . You do not have to be a submissive wife . And you do not have to put up with having someone beat you . We can help you . We can help you to get out . ' " Want to get involved ? Check out the Have Justice Will Travel Web site and see how to help .	58-year-old trucker-turned-lawyer helps victims of domestic violence Her own past full of horrific abuse spurred her to create Have Justice Will Travel Since 1998 , the group has provided nearly 10,000 victims with legal and social services Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- My dad died when I was 2 , so my mother raised us -LSB- Smith and his sister -RSB- and exposed us to different things . We took music lessons , art appreciation lessons , and we even went to finishing school . Mrs. Howard 's School of Charm . My sister and I hated it at the time . We just wanted to be normal kids and eat our Frosted Flakes on Saturday mornings in front of the television , watching our Looney Tunes . My mom was a very good cook . In fact , she was a private cook for an attorney for years . She exposed my sister and I to the same types of food that she was cooking at work . We were basically the only kids on our block that had eaten lobster with drawn butter . On holidays , we would go to work with her . We 'd always sit in the kitchen . I was just amazed with all the cooking ingredients and implements . I was one of those guys that was never picked to be on someone 's baseball team or basketball team , so I started cooking . My mother had always had a lot of cookbooks . I just started playing around . I started baking . We always had butter ; we always had flour and sugar and vanilla and eggs . I might have looked at other recipes and did n't think we had the ingredients , and I certainly did n't have money to go buy them . The first thing I baked was a cake . I was 9 or 10 . It was a plain yellow cake . I can remember the icing being a little runny , but it was good . We went to Catholic school . We went to Mass once a week , while in school , as well as on Sundays . God has always been with me . Read more about faith and religion on CNN 's Belief Blog I 've certainly called on God when I 'm in the kitchen , when things are going wrong , when I 'm irritated or very upset about something . I 've called on God walking up here to unlock the doors and come into work -- to help me at not being quick-tempered or losing my cool . Help me be the person I need to be . It -LSB- becoming a priest -RSB- is something that I thought about as a child . It was something I was going to do out of high school , and I put it off . I 'm glad now that I did n't go through with it , because I was very immature . I was n't ready . But now I feel very strongly , and I know in my heart that I 'm ready to do it . I did n't wake up one morning and just sit up in bed and stretch and say , "  Well , I think I 'll try the priesthood . " There 's a lot of prayer involved . This prayer process , that 's neverending . I have a spiritual director I work with , and I started out with that at first . But this process of thinking about it , it 's been all my life . I developed a very close relationship with the archbishop -LSB- Archbishop Gregory Aymond of the Archdiocese of New Orleans -RSB- . He was here , at the restaurant , one night about two or three months ago , and I said , "  There 's something on my mind , and I 'd love to talk to you about it . " I met with him , and I was n't home 10 minutes and the vocation director called . I set up another appointment to meet with him , and the rest is history . There are parts of it -LSB- the restaurant kitchen -RSB- that I 'll miss and parts of it that I will not miss . I will miss the people . I will miss the guests . The cooking aspects , I definitely will miss . I will not miss the rushiness of it , the overwhelming feeling you get when you 're working the line , and it looks like everyone is ordering at the same time . I 'm hoping I can still do things -LSB- in a kitchen -RSB- , but I 'm hoping I can do it on a small scale , for fun . I would love to do something for the needy or poor , during the holidays when people really feel their lowest . Not just your typical out-of-the-can , warmed-up meal ; I 'd like to do it -LSB- serve them -RSB- just like you 'd get here . Top quality . I 'll move into the seminary . I am looking forward to embracing the simple life . That gives me great pleasure to think about . I want to give all of myself , and I do n't think you can do that when you have a lot of baggage . I have this massive cookbook collection -- close to 3,000 books -- that I 'm not just going to leave or just throw away . I have thought about , if I passed away , where would it go . I want to donate it to a school . With baking , you have to follow the rules . I try to be a very good rule player . Play by the rules and work by the rules . The prayer life , the rules that a priest is supposed to live by , that really excites me . And being able to help people and minister to people . Yesterday at Mass , one of the readings was about the widow who gave all of what she had . I want to emulate her , and I think this is the best way that I can see for me .	In his own words , an executive chef shares his spiritual journey toward the priesthood Drawn to cooking as a child , he spent years at a top-rated New Orleans restaurant God and faith have always been with him , he says , as have thoughts of being a priest At 50 , he 's hung up his apron and entered the seminary , a logical move , he explains
Actress Ann B. Davis , an American television legend who held "  The Brady Bunch " together in her role as housekeeper Alice Nelson , died Sunday . She was 88 . Bishop William Frey , a close friend of Davis , told CNN the actress died at a hospital in San Antonio , Texas , where she was treated after hitting her head in a fall . The actress suffered a subdural hematoma , he said , and never regained consciousness . Appearing in her trademark light blue maid 's uniform with a white apron , Alice anchored "  The Brady Bunch " with her cheerful attitude and witty one-liners . As the sitcom 's famous theme song played , showing each member of the Brady family 's face in a grid , the devoted housekeeper was always smiling in the center . In a 2004 interview with the Archive of American Television , Davis described how she created the iconic character . "  I made up a background story . I did have a twin sister , so I used that as a basis . ... I cared very much about this family . It was my family . It was as close to my family as Alice would ever get . I would have died for any single one of them at any point , " she said . "  You know , they wrote me such gorgeous things to do , as the intermediary between the kids and the adults , and between the boys and the girls . And they gave me funny things to do . " See some of Alice 's top moments from ` The Brady Bunch ' In real life , Davis said she was n't quite as handy around the house as her character . "  I basically do n't do that well with children , although my sister says I 'm a great aunt , " she told People magazine in 1992 , adding that she hated to cook . "  When it 's my turn in the house , " she told the magazine , "  we just eat out . " Even so , Davis penned "  Alice 's Brady Bunch Cookbook " in 1994 , featuring recipes from the show and anecdotes from life on the set . Actress Florence Henderson , who played mom Carol Brady on the sitcom , said she was devastated to learn of Davis ' death Sunday . "  I am so shocked and sad to learn that my dear friend and colleague , Ann B Davis , died today , " Henderson said in a Facebook post . "  I spoke with her a couple of months ago and she was doing great ! " Davis had planned to study medicine at the University of Michigan but caught the acting bug from her brother , who was a dancer in the national company of "  Oklahoma , " according to a biography of the actress on IMDb.com . Her big break in Hollywood came when she won the role of Charmaine "  Schultzy " Schultz , the secretary on the 1950s sitcom "  The Bob Cummings Show , " IMDb said . It was that character that won her two Emmy awards , two additional nominations for best supporting actress and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1960 . But to generations of American TV viewers , she was best known as Alice . Frey , who knew Davis for 38 years , said fans often told her that they felt like they 'd been raised by the character of Alice . "  Look how well you turned out , " she would reply , according to Frey . "  All of us wish we had an Alice . I wish I had an Alice , " Davis told People . "  What you see on ` The Brady Bunch ' was who she was , " Frey said . "  She was a very faithful Christian person . " Davis mostly retired from show business in the late 1970s to settle down in an Episcopal community . "  I 'm convinced we all have a God-shaped space in us , and until we fill that space with God , we 'll never know what it is to be whole , " she told People . Even as she turned her focus more toward religion , she appeared in commercials and several stage productions . In the 1995 "  The Brady Bunch " movie , she played a truck driver , persuading a runaway Jan to return home . While she also shone in movie and stage roles , she told the Archive of American Television that she loved working on the small screen . "  The neatest thing about television is that they write for you . ... They find out what you can do , what you do best , how it works , and how they can use you . And so from there on , it 's wonderful . Because it 's different . It 's not like playing the same play forever and ever and ever , " she said . "  But the character 's still the same . It just gets better and more developed . So that 's great fun . " People we lost in 2014	Florence Henderson : "  I am so shocked and sad " Actress Ann B. Davis , who played Alice on "  The Brady Bunch , " has died She died after falling and hitting her head Saturday morning , a friend says Her character anchored the show with witty one-liners and a cheerful attitude
CNN  -- Do you really turn off your smartphone , tablet or computer before takeoff and landing ? Despite flight attendants telling passengers to power off , some people admit they do n't always shut down their devices . Nearly one-third of passengers say they have accidentally forgotten to turn off their smartphones and other electronic devices in flight , according to this week 's joint study by the Airline Passenger Experience Association and Consumer Electronics Association . While more than 90 % agree those flight attendant directions to turn off devices are clear , 59 % say they always turn their devices completely off and 21 % say they switch their devices to "  airplane mode . " Some 5 % say they sometimes completely shut down their devices . Many travelers also admit they do n't actually understand when they can use those devices . More than 40 % wrongly believe they can use devices while taxiing to the runway , more than 30 % in the air before reaching 10,000 feet and 26 % on a flight 's final descent . Almost every adult passenger who travels with portable electronic devices carried at least one such device on board , and nearly two-thirds used them in flight , the study found . Debate continues over electronic gadgets on planes "  Airline passengers have come to rely on their smartphones , tablets and e-readers as essential travel companions , " said Doug Johnson , vice president of technology policy at the Consumer Electronics Association , in a statement . "  Understanding the attitudes and behaviors of passengers that are using electronic devices while traveling will help the FAA make informed decisions . " The study results were shared with the Federal Aviation Administration , according to an Airline Passenger Experience Association website posting . An FAA representative declined to comment on the study results . Hints of how the FAA might change the current rules regarding electronics in the air may come as soon as this summer . The FAA set up a working group in August to study the issue of portable electronics on flights and make suggestions for changes . "  The Aviation Rulemaking Committee continues to have regular meetings and teleconferences , " said an FAA representative via e-mail . "  We expect their report and recommendations shortly after the group finishes its work at the end of July . " Both the FAA and Federal Communications Commission regulate electronics in the air . The FCC forbids the use of mobile phones using the 800 MHz frequency and other wireless devices on aircraft in flight because of "  potential interference to wireless networks on the ground . " The FAA supports that in-flight restriction but does allow the use of cell phones while the plane is on the ground , at the gate or waiting for a gate -- but not when the aircraft is taxiing for takeoff . The FAA bans the use of wireless devices during flight because of "  potential interference to the aircraft 's navigation and communication systems . " The FAA allows use of some non-transmitting electronic devices outside of critical phases of flight such as takeoff and landing . During those noncritical phases of flight , the airlines set their own policies regarding passenger use of non-transmitting electronic devices . What do you think of the current restrictions on electronic devices on planes ? Please share in the comments below .	Nearly one-third of fliers forget to turn off their portable electronic devices , a study says Report says 59 % say they always turn their devices completely off Federal Aviation Administration is studying possible changes to rules on electronics
CNN  -- Verizon Wireless is releasing the third smartphone to take advantage of its faster fourth-generation data network on Thursday . Like the others , the Revolution from LG Electronics runs Android and has a large 4.3-inch touch screen . It also has a pair of cameras and a mobile hot spot feature , allowing users to share the fast data connection with eight devices connected via Wi-Fi . The Revolution will cost $ 250 . That 's the same price as HTC 's ThunderBolt , which was the first 4G phone on Verizon , and $ 50 less than the Droid Charge from Samsung Electronics , which also came out this month . For a conference in February , a prototype version of the new LG phone was picked to demonstrate an Internet calling service from Verizon that is expected to debut next year . Last week , Verizon added nine new towns to its 4G map and expanded coverage in Atlanta , Chicago , Denver , New Orleans and Philadelphia . The network , which offers faster download speeds , is available in 55 metropolitan areas , the company said . Verizon began rolling out the service in December . AT&T Mobility named launch cities for its upcoming 4G LTE on Wednesday . The new 4G network , not to be confused with the old 4G network that 's basically a faster version of 3G , will debut in the summer , AT&T said . Traditionally , several months separate the commercial launch of new cell network infrastructure and the release of phones that use it . But AT&T said in January that LTE phones would launch sometime in the second half of the year . In the meantime , Verizon will continue to take advantage of its lead . Also in January , Verizon pledged to launch four 4G phones by midyear , but it may miss that target . Motorola Mobility has said it will delay the release of the Droid Bionic until the summer in order to add features .	Verizon Wireless will debut the Revolution from LG Electronics on Thursday The phone , which uses the faster 4G LTE data network , will cost $ 250 It will be the third 4G phone available to Verizon customers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate on Wednesday narrowly rejected a controversial measure to allow people to carry concealed weapons from state to state . A Miami , Florida , gun store offers concealed weapons training . The measure would have required each of the 48 states that currently allow concealed firearms to honor permits issued in other states . The vote was 58-39 in favor . The amendment needed 60 votes to pass . The vote split the Democrats , with 20 supporting the measure and 35 opposing it . Two of the Senate 's 40 Republicans -- Richard Lugar of Indiana and George Voinovich of Ohio -- and both independents , Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut and Bernard Sanders of Vermont , voted against it . Robert Byrd of West Virginia , Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts and Barbara Mikulski of Maryland , all Democrats , did not vote . A coalition of mayors that fought the law welcomed its defeat . "  Our bipartisan coalition of Mayors Against Illegal Guns fought this amendment tooth-and-nail , because we recognize that the laws of one state may not be best for another , " Mayor Thomas M. Menino of Boston , Massachusetts , said in a statement . "  We will continue to work with our members to support common-sense policies and oppose dangerous ones , like the Thune Amendment that was defeated today , " he said , referring to Sen. John Thune , R-South Dakota , who sponsored the proposal . It was the first significant defeat this year for advocates of gun rights , after gun control advocates faced an unexpected setback in May . Map : See which states allow citizens to carry concealed weapons " Gun rights advocates attached a measure allowing people to carry guns in national parks to credit card legislation . President Obama signed the package into law . The interstate concealed-weapons proposal was an amendment to a larger defense appropriations bill . Supporters of the measure argued it would help deter criminals ; opponents claimed it would , in effect , force most of the country to conform to regulations in states with the loosest gun-ownership standards . Opponents of the amendment mounted a huge campaign to stop it . Mayors Against Illegal Guns -- which says it represent more than 450 mayors in 40 states -- took out an ad in USA Today opposing the measure . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , a campaign co-chairman , opposed the law on a number of grounds , arguing both that it tramples on states ' rights and that guns are dangerous . "  There 's no evidence that if you have a gun , you 're safer , " he said on CNN 's "  American Morning " Wednesday . "  Quite the contrary . If you have a gun at home , -LSB- you are -RSB- something like 20 times more likely to have somebody in your house killed . ... "  We have to protect our policemen , protect our citizens . We ca n't have all these guns , and it 's reasonable to have each state make their own laws , " he said . "  Wyoming should n't be subject to New York state laws , and we 're going in that direction , " he said . "  What 's right for the people of Wyoming is n't necessarily right for the people of New York and vice versa . " Sen. John Barrasso , a Wyoming Republican who was a co-sponsor of the amendment , had argued that gun licenses should apply across state lines , like driver 's licenses . "  People travel , " he said on "  American Morning . " "  We have truck drivers on our roads , people traveling for vacation in their vehicles , and if you have a license ... you should be able to use that license in other states . It should apply like a driver 's license , " he said . He argued that concealed weapons deter crime . "  Carrying a concealed weapon is a sign of self-defense , self-protection , and I think it lowers crime , " he said . And he said people carrying guns would still have to obey laws wherever they are . "  The law of the state where that person happens to be at the time are the laws that apply in terms of if you 're allowed to carry a gun into a bar or restaurant . ... State rights continue to apply there . " This is the third time the Senate has considered gun rights this year . In addition to the national parks measure , Senate gun-rights advocates in the spring attached a measure loosening the District of Columbia 's tight gun control laws to a bill giving full voting rights to Washington 's representative in Congress . That amendment was approved 62-36 . House Democratic leaders , unwilling to loosen the restrictions on gun ownership in the District of Columbia , have let the bill languish . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Evan Glass in Washington contributed to this report .	Senate turns down proposal to make permits valid despite differing laws Foes said it would force states to honor laws in more gun-permissive states First significant defeat for the gun lobby
CNN  -- A 10-year-old boy , his face still innocent , abducted from his village and forced to kill alongside ruthless militia fighters . A 60-year-old grandmother too ashamed of the injuries caused by a brutal rape to leave her house for five months , even though her wounds worsened . A girl who reminded me of my own daughter , bridging the years between youth and womanhood , who had been dragged into a forest near her house by a group of men and raped , over and over again . Images of these people , whose quiet but warm personalities barely hint at the atrocities they have survived , give a human face to the conflict in eastern Congo that has long moved me as an activist . With well over 5 million people dead through war and its accompanying hardships spanning more than a decade , it is difficult to imagine the daily impact of a conflict of this magnitude , much less to feel empowered to do anything about it . A new documentary film , "  Blood in the Mobile , " powerfully addresses both the limits of the imagination and our sense of connection to atrocities committed on the other side of the world . Through a shaky camera in the damp and dark mines of eastern Congo , filmmaker Frank Poulsen introduces us to some of the young men  and even children  toiling at the first stage of Congo 's lucrative business in tin , tantalum , tungsten and gold . But the wealth of this industry does n't really benefit the Congolese miners for their back-breaking , perilous and poorly paid work -- not by a long shot . Militia groups and factions of the Congo 's army control many mines , imposing heavy "  taxes " on miners for whom there are few alternatives for making a living . Juxtapose these gritty images of Congo with shots filmed at the headquarters of Nokia , the electronics powerhouse that sells these minerals in its consumer products , and you have a message that is difficult to ignore : the cell phones , laptops , digital cameras and other products we have come to rely on link all of us to the conflict in Congo . As consumers , we 're perpetuating the conflict . We have an obligation but also an opportunity . I was fortunate to have a chance to travel to eastern Congo recently to see with my own eyes and to feel , even with the relative safety of traveling with the ever-attentive Fidel Bafilemba of the Enough Project , the psychological effect of spending time in an unpredictable conflict zone . I was struck by how we witnessed the raw , nervous strain of communities said to be post-conflict , post-traumatic . But nothing seemed to be "  post - " : Indeed , these communities appear to be enduring conflict and trauma on a daily basis . Local organizations , from the reintegration center for child soldiers to the rehabilitation center for survivors of sexual violence , are working as hard as they can to provide solace and a hopeful future for those most physically and emotionally harmed by the conflict . But as necessary as these efforts are , they treat the symptoms ; there is little concept of pre-emptive or preventive . Two years had passed since U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton came to one of the same towns I visited . Nearly everyone I met remembered "  Mama Clinton " and asked me to follow up with her when I returned to the United States . "  I think it is no secret to you , " one woman said , speaking into the videocamera and addressing Clinton . "  Our wealth is being plundered , and that 's why we are being raped . " She urged Clinton to make good on her promise to bring high-level U.S. attention to the crisis in Congo . In particular , Clinton 's leadership and gravitas are needed to implement an international certification scheme that enables companies to trace the source of the minerals to ensure that they are n't funding armed groups , and that allows consumers to choose which companies to give business to , based on their human rights record in Congo . Visiting Congo for the first time without knowing the local language , Kiswahili , I was dependent on my talented interpreter Fidel for putting into words my countless questions and gratitude to the people I interviewed . But in those moments when I sat face-to-face with women , neither of us speaking while we listened to his translation , I would often catch a look , a slight nod , that clearly said , "  I know you know . I know you understand . " Women have a natural , inherent knowingness , an unspoken connection between us , as mothers , wives and sisters . For several years I have followed Congo from afar , understanding theoretically and intellectually how we in the United States could help end the conflict . Now I deeply feel the why . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robin Wright .	In Congo , militia groups and army factions control many mines , says Robin Wright Minerals in these mines go into cell phones , laptops , digital cameras and other products Congolese mine work is back-breaking , perilous and poorly paid , Wright says In Congo , more than 5 million have died through war and hardships in the past decade
Washington  CNN  -- White House veteran John Podesta has an impressive Rolodex , deep policy expertise , and an invaluable background as a political strategist and Washington fixer -- all things that could benefit President Barack Obama as he assumes a top-level advisory role . Podesta , who served as former President Bill Clinton 's chief of staff during the last tumultuous three years of his presidency , announced via Twitter that he is joining the White House during a critical time in the Obama 's tenure . He plans to stay for a year as presidential counselor . Obama faces record low approval ratings as he winds up the first year of his second term . The disastrous roll out of the Affordable Care Act , his signature domestic achievement , an economy still not working for millions of Americans , fallout over NSA spying , and criticism of his diplomatic responses to Syria and Iran , have all weighed him down with the public . ` Peripheral vision ' Podesta 's hire , which has been confirmed by CNN but not yet announced by the White House , is seen as a politically necessary step for a White House back on its heels and at times criticized as inexperienced . Andy Card , who has seen -- and managed -- the inner workings of an administration as a Cabinet member and a White House chief of staff , said Obama is making a good decision by allowing fresh perspective into his inner circle of close-knit advisers , although he said it should have happened earlier . "  It 's important for the President to allow peripheral vision in so you do n't get stuck with the same old tunnel vision , " Card told CNN , cautioning that it 's easy for Presidents and their staff to become trapped by their own ideology and emotional attachment to issues and policy . Should Obama get credit for the economy ? Card left the George W. Bush White House after 5 1/2 years . He said most reelected presidents have faced similar obstacles at about the same point in their second terms . Ronald Reagan got bogged down by the Iran-Contra scandal , Bill Clinton faced impeachment over the Monica Lewinsky affair and George W. Bush suffered backlash over Hurricane Katrina and the ongoing Iraq War . "  I ca n't think of a sitting president ... that did n't have these challenges and did n't address it the same way , " Card said . He said he used to tell Bush that policy changes can not be the only way to fix a problem facing the administration . "  I would remind the President that if you address a policy concern but you have n't changed personalities , the public does n't see it , " Card said . Because the media is talking about Podesta 's arrival signals that this change might be significant enough to actually make a difference , he noted . Liberal left Jim Manley , former communications director for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , said Podesta will help Obama overcome some hurdles . "  It 's a step toward getting the administration back on its feet again , " he said . After his three-year stint as Clinton 's top aide , Podesta built the think tank Center for American Progress , which became a powerhouse of liberal thought and communications . And just weeks ago , he launched the Washington Center for Equitable Growth to focus on income inequality , which was around the same time Obama began talking about the issue from the bully pulpit . "  Podesta 's one of the great progressive strategists of his generation , " Bill Burton , former Obama communications adviser , said . "  Having him at the White House is a great thing for folks who really care about some of the key fights for folks on the left . " Podesta , who led the President 's transition team in 2008 , has also been a leading advocate of policies to address climate change , an Obama policy priority that has gone nowhere during his time in office . Link to Congress Podesta has the expertise to take the climate change issue and income inequality into greater prominence during the next year as he is thought to have good relationships with members of Congress . "  There are probably some people on Capitol Hill who are saying , ` Oh , finally , ' " Card said . Senate Republicans still angry over filibuster change But Manley said a better working relationship with a sharply partisan Congress could be a heavy lift , even for the politically astute Podesta , and especially as the President enters his lame duck years . There 's always executive action . And that 's a tool at Obama 's disposal with which Podesta has familiarity . He worked with Clinton during his lame duck years when Republicans in Congress were trying to force him out of office . Ron Brownstein , CNN senior political analyst and National Journal editorial director , said Podesta will help Obama work his will "  through the levers of the executive branch " where he is "  more likely to make a mark " in the final years . Whether it 's fixing problems or promoting new priorities , Podesta is widely respected in Washington and might have the gravitas to right the president 's ship . "  They 've got a lot of work to do , " Manley said . CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this story	John Podesta served as President Bill Clinton 's chief of staff during tumultuous time Podesta to be brought in during the lowest point of Obama 's presidency President George W. Bush 's chief of staff , Andy Card , praised the move
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British new wave ska legends The Specials rounded off the Brixton leg of their 30th anniversary tour with an electric performance that threatened to bring the crumbling south London venue crashing to the ground . The frenzied crowd at London 's Brixton Academy The six-piece 2-tone outfit originally from the English Midlands played a total of five dates at what is now the O2 Academy , such was the phenomenal demand for tickets . It 's no surprise really . From the rarefied perspective of the VIP bar , the sea of bobbing heads and mobile phone displays  which seem to have replaced cigarette lighters  created a fantastic spectacle . But down among the rude boys and rude girls the carnival atmosphere seemed to ratchet up a notch with each song . Balding , sweaty 40-something men in Fred Perry polo shirts were transported back to the late 1970s as they bounced around unselfconsciously , while post-Margaret Thatcher indie kids sloshed their pints in the air and enjoyed this unique experience for the first time . No one was standing with their arms folded here . Despite songwriter Jerry Dammers ' continued absence and Lynval Golding 's lost voice , the band was as tight as it ever was , both musically and personally . As soon as the curtain rose the band wasted little time plugging into the hysteria that greeted them . If "  Do The Dog " appeared to hit the spot , then tracks such as "  Too Much Too Young , " and "  Gangsters " literally had the earth moving in this imposing old theatre . Terry Hall , showing no sign of fatigue after a recent throat infection and the band 's homecoming gig in Coventry the previous night , was in a chirpy mood . The Manchester United fan enjoyed reminding the London audience about his team 's league success that afternoon . Meanwhile , the irrepressible Neville Staple seemed to galvanize the rest of the band with his seemingly limitless energy -- he must have spent the entire gig running on the spot . The dapper singer has aged well and was clearly reveling in the band 's return to the spotlight . Despite only reforming recently , The Specials have rediscovered their mojo . They possess the kind of stage presence reserved for the truly great acts , while their lyrics still resonate today . "  Ghost Town " encapsulated the gritty reality of Britain 's urban landscape in 1981 , and few in the audience would have argued that it remains a relevant portrait in today 's troubled economic times .	The Specials reformed for a 30th anniversary tour The six-piece 2-tone outfit are originally from the English Midlands Songwriter Jerry Dammers chose not to take part in the tour Band played hits including "  Too Much Too Young , " "  Gangsters " and "  Ghost Town "
CNN  -- Last year , Dr. Kiran Sagar , a cardiologist in Wisconsin , was fired two months after presenting strong data showing that cardiologists in the hospital she worked at misread a substantial number of heart tests . Similarly , a nurse from Columbia Hospital Corp. of America  HCA  was let go after complaining that a doctor was performing unnecessary cardiac procedures , even after an internal investigation found the nurse 's claim to be substantiated . And a few weeks ago , the CBS News program "  60 Minutes " reported on ER doctors fired for not meeting quotas on the percentage of patients they admitted to the hospital . These recent patterns of firings send yet another strong message to every doctor and nurse who has ever considered speaking up about dangerous and fraudulent medical care : Speak up and risk destroying your career . The culture of health care needs to change . Medical mistakes cause too many needless harm or deaths , yet few people see the problem in this context because we rarely have an open and honest conversation about the quality of health care in America . When we do , it is often behind closed doors . This is a challenge that a new generation of doctors is working to change through initiatives ranging from more transparent bedside care to public reporting of hospital performance . Doctors and nurses increasingly feel disconnected from policymakers and even their own hospitals , some of which have transformed into giant corporations . Despite concerns from the Federal Trade Commission that costs will go up for consumers , hospital mega-mergers are on the rise . This past year saw a large number of hospital mergers and acquisitions in health care . While some hospital executives have commendably used a hospital chain 's large size to standardize best practices , others have fallen into the age-old management trap of detaching themselves from the front lines and becoming dangerously out of touch with their own staff . I talk to doctors and nurses around the country every week . One trend that seems clear is that more doctors and nurses are feeling frustrated . A recent national study by Mayo Clinic researchers shows that doctor burnout rate is now up to a staggering 46 % . A new phenomenon , quite different from when my father practiced medicine , is that doctors and nurses now say they feel like they are tenants working for their landlord : the hospital management . Often , doctors and nurses know how to make care better and safer but feel stripped of the power to make necessary changes . This worker-management disconnect  even antagonism  in any industry is dangerous . In medicine this workplace atmosphere , complicated by perverse economic incentives and weak systems of accountability , contributes to a hospital culture marked by a lack of a sense of communal ownership in the overall delivery of care . What results is a poorer quality of care , more overtreatment , more fraud , more medical mistakes , and more patients falling through the cracks . According to a 2009 CBS-New York Times poll , 77 % of Americans say they are satisfied with the quality of their health care . But what makes people think the health care they 're receiving is good ? Very little . A Harvard study published in the New England Journal of Medicine reported an alarming fact : 18 % of patients were actually harmed by medical care . The Congressional Budget Office estimates that up to 30 % of health care procedures , tests and other services do not improve health outcomes . For instance , if you had a medical condition , would you go to a hospital that has performed more than 1,000 unnecessary procedures ? Probably not . As much as one-third of all health care expenditures may be going to waste , fraud and unnecessary medical care . This problem is high on the agenda for the American Board of Internal Medicine . Other physician groups have joined the "  Choosing Wisely " Campaign to address unnecessary care in American medicine . The Institute of Medicine is calling attention to the problem , and many medical researchers are speaking openly about it . But more needs to be done . Rather than reinforce a closed-door culture in American medicine , hospitals should use their new large size to encourage external and independent peer reviews and create a culture of transparency . Patients should be encouraged to keep a copy of their medical records , not inconvenienced with burdensome processes and extra charges to obtain them . A hospital 's front-line health care workers are their work engine , and these people should be encouraged to voice their safety concerns to their managers . Mega-hospitals need to stay true to their mission and not fall into the large corporate pitfalls that can erode the standing of any business . A workplace culture that punishes those who speak up about problems by depriving them of their career livelihood is part of the problem itself . As a surgeon , I sometimes see patients after they have blindly walked into the hands of dangerous , expensive and avoidable care . If we are serious about improving health care quality and lowering costs , we need to address the issue of accountability . Our hospitals must be more accountable to patients and doctors . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marty Makary .	Marty Makary : Doctors who talk about fraudulent medical care risk losing job Makary : Doctors increasingly feel disconnected with policymakers and hospitals He says some hospitals are becoming mega-corporations with little accountability Makary : Doctor should be encouraged to voice safety concerns to their managers
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pro Evolution Soccer 2009  PES  has a tough task on its hands . Not only does FIFA look good , it plays well too -- and gameplay was always the area where PES had the edge . Barcelona forward Lionel Messi is the cover star of Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 . If you 've played a PES game before you 'll know what to expect , which is both a plus and a minus , depending on your point of view . The ball pings around nicely , the weight of pass remains just about right and long passes are much improved . It mostly feels like a game of computer football should . The game plays fast and given shots from distance almost never fly in , scoring is still a challenge and goals still get you punching the air . For a series that 's always short on official team and league licenses -- leading to silly-sounding approximations of players ' names  Ryan Gills anyone ?  and daft team titles -- PES gains the UEFA Champions League , which is a small coup . Read our FIFA 09 review here . Game modes are much the same as before , including the venerable Master League , but the new addition of Be A Legend , where you try to take one player to the top , does not feel finished . The graphics are serviceable , with some player likenesses uncanny and others way off . The sound is no better than average and the commentary remains hit and miss . And it 's not unfair to say the game menus and their annoying and repetitive music are badly in need of a revamp . Online play is not great and given the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 are built for broadband multiplayer , PES is lagging -- literally . You might say the game needs revolution rather than evolution and for next season 's release publishers Konami must up their game . Nevertheless , PES ' reputation is built on a fun offline two-player experience and nothing has changed there . Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 might not be cutting-edge in its presentation and options , but you still ca n't beat a 10-minute match with a mate beside on you on the sofa .	CNN Football Fanzone reviews Konami 's Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 PES 2009 is little changed from previous incarnations in the series Reviewer : While flawed , PES 2009 is still good fun in offline two-player mode
CNN  -- Do n't let McDonald 's new "  Dollar Menu and More " distract you . Although an order of McNuggets might cost more than a buck now , the truth is that the Dollar Menu was never a bargain . In reality , whether you eat the fries or not , fast-food companies such as McDonald 's actually shift billions of dollars in hidden costs onto taxpayers every year . How ? These costs flow directly from their business model of low wages , nonexistent benefits and limited work hours , which force millions of fast-food workers to rely on public assistance to afford basic necessities such as food and health care . To see this business model in action , take a look inside the employee break room at many McDonald 's restaurants , where you might find a poster displaying information for a 1-800 "  McResource " hotline designed to offer counseling to employees who need financial , housing , child care or other help . In a recent exchange on the McResource hotline , documented in a newly released video , an employee who has worked at McDonald 's for 10 years -- yet earns the Illinois minimum wage of $ 8.25 per hour -- is urged to find additional support for herself and her two children by paying a visit to nearby food pantries , applying for food stamps and signing up for Medicaid . In other words , rather than sitting down with their employees to address the reality that the company 's pay scales are just too low -- and that even long-term employees ca n't get by on their small paychecks -- McDonald 's has decided to coach its workers on how to enroll in public safety-net programs to supplement their poverty-level wages .  McDonald 's called the video an inaccurate portrayal of the resource line . In total , this business model of low wages and no benefits at the 10 largest fast-food companies costs taxpayers an estimated $ 3.8 billion each year , according to a recent report by the National Employment Law Project . At McDonald 's , the company 's low-wage jobs cost taxpayers an estimated $ 1.2 billion a year -- twice as much as any other fast-food company . Public safety-net programs such as the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program  commonly known as "  food stamps "  and Medicaid are crucial programs for alleviating poverty and promoting economic security in the United States . That is precisely why we can not afford to let multibillion-dollar companies drain the resources of these programs by paying poverty-level wages to millions of their workers . The good news is that over the past year , thousands of workers in the fast-food industry have begun organizing and staging strikes in dozens of cities across the country , calling for a living wage and the right to form a union . These demands should be taken seriously . All Americans -- even those who have never worked in fast food or have no plans to eat fast food -- need to recognize that the low-wage fast-food industry poses significant costs to all of us each year . Fast-food workers should have the ability to bargain collectively for higher wages and better working conditions . Giving workers a voice at the workplace will ensure a fairer , more democratic workplace , while keeping in check the irresponsible business model of CEOs tapping the public safety net for billions in subsidies each year as they continue to pay poverty-level wages . At the same time , Congress should pass a long-overdue increase in the federal minimum wage , which has remained stuck at just $ 7.25 per hour -- or $ 15,080 a year -- for the past four years . Although many companies will continue to pay as little as they can get away with , raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 per hour , as proposed in the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013 , would boost wages for 30 million workers , generating $ 32 billion in new economic growth as higher wages power greater consumer spending . A fairer fast-food industry that provides higher wages , promotes greater economic growth and spares taxpayers billions in costs every year sounds like a real value worth fighting for . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack Temple .	Jack Temple : Fast-food companies shift costs of their low pay onto taxpayers Temple : McDonald 's tip line told worker , a mom , to apply for food stamps , Medicaid Low wages at 10 largest fast-food firms cost taxpayers $ 3.8 billion each year , he says Temple : It would be a real value to all if fast food workers got higher wages and benefits
CNN  -- Mammoth cruise ships can be difficult to get around , even in the best of circumstances . In the worst -- which is how one might describe the situation aboard the listing Costa Concordia -- they are near impossible . Yet even before the sun rose Monday , about 120 rescue personnel were out in or around the liner that hit rocks near Tuscany and rolled spectacularly on its side . They were in a race against time , and in a battle with numerous challenges , to try to save survivors or at least recover the bodies of the passengers and crew members who are still missing . Overheard on CNN.com : Worst-case scenario The search was temporarily suspended by noon Monday , after authorities said the vessel had begun to sway , making it dangerous for the crews . But it resumed a short time later , despite a forecast calling for increasingly strong winds that Coast Guard spokesman Filippo Marino said had rescuers worried . They are "  working in very , very bad conditions , " said Luciano Roncalli of Italy 's national fire service . "  It 's cold , of course . It 's dark during the day and the night . ... It 's really , really dangerous . " Authorities have said that at least six people died after the Costa Concordia hit rocks Friday night off the tiny island of Giglio , where nighttime temperatures have recently dipped below freezing . A total of 29 people -- four crew members and 25 passengers -- are still unaccounted for from the listing cruise ship , Italian coast guard chief Marco Brusco said Monday , according to Italy 's ANSA news agency . That figure includes two of the 120 Americans who were aboard the ship , the U.S. Embassy in Italy said . Now turned on its side , the ship is roughly half-submerged . Rescuers hope is that any survivor has found refuge above water , or perhaps in an air pocket , and can be brought out alive . "  There could still be people locked into compartments ... where they ca n't physically move because of the twisting of the metal , " said Butch Hendrick , president of the diving safety company Lifeguard Systems . In its current state , the Costa Concordia resembles a dark , convoluted cave -- with its countless nooks and crannies and few ways to easily escape . Six underwater cave rescue divers are working among the rescue personnel . The divers are likely equipped with twice as much oxygen as regular scuba divers , have a guideline nearby in case they need help finding a way back to safety , and have knives and whatever lights they can carry or wear , said Robert Laird , a co-founder of the International Underwater Cave Rescue and Recovery group . Still , whatever equipment and precautions they take , "  what they are doing is extremely difficult , " he said . "  If you do not have the right frame of mind to deal with being in the dark and in tight closed spaces , then you 're  in trouble  , " said Laird , who has dived in many caves and ships , though neither he nor his group are involved in the Italian operation . Unlike open water divers , these divers do n't have the luxury of coming up for air anytime they want , and they ca n't count on the help of sunlight . Laird said he expects that , besides being pitch-black , the water in the ship teems with debris . "  They could swim right by a dead body and not even see it , " Laird said . Rescuers are navigating a seeming labyrinth . The Concordia is practically a skyscraper in two directions : 17 decks high and 951 feet long . Emergency personnel are aiming to look into 1,500 cabins and all around the ship 's many other public spaces , including eight bars , five restaurants , four swimming pools , a casino and more . Hendrick , a veteran of many such rescue dives , estimated it could take a couple of weeks for the whole ship to be checked . "  It 's enormous , " said Richard Bordoni , another member of the Italian national fire corps . "  They have to stay safe , and it takes them a long time to go down a corridor . " Late Sunday , the cruise line said the ship 's captain may have made "  significant " errors leading to the wreck and subsequent rescue effort . "  The route of the vessel appears to have been too close to the shore , and the captain 's judgment in handling the emergency appears to have not followed standard Costa procedures , " Costa Cruises said in a statement . Authorities told ANSA that the captain , Francesco Schettino , has been detained for alleged manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and abandoning ship while passengers were still on board . Speaking on Italian television , Schettino insisted the rocks were not marked on his map . "  On the nautical chart , it was marked just as water , " Schettino said , adding that the ship was about 300 meters  1,000 feet  from shore . But the Italian coast guard insisted that the waters where the ship ran aground were well-mapped . Local fishermen say the island coast of Giglio is known for its rocky sea floor . "  Every danger in this area is on the nautical chart , " Coast Guard Capt. Cosimo Nicastro said . "  This is a place where a lot of people come for diving and sailing . ... All the dangers are known . " Survivors recounted a frantic rush by passengers to get on lifeboats , while the crew appeared helpless and unable to cope . "  It was the Marx brothers , watching these guys trying to figure out how to work the boat , " said passenger Benji Smith , recounting how he made his own rope ladder to save himself and his wife . "  I felt like the disaster itself was manageable , but I felt like the crew was going to kill us . " Compounding the evacuation problems was that only one side of the boat 's lifeboats was available , as the ship was listing . Passenger Laurie Willits , from Ontario , Canada , said some lifeboats on the higher side got stuck , leaving people suspended in mid-air amid the sounds of children crying and screaming . "  It was so crowded , and there was no room for us , " said Brandon Warrick , who was sailing with his siblings . "  It was just bad , like mad scrambles to get into the lifeboats . Nobody followed any procedure . " Many questions remain : Why was the ship -- with about 3,000 passengers and 1,000 crew members -- so close in to shore in an area where the seabed is pockmarked with rocks ? What happened in the minutes after the ship ran aground ? Why was no "  mayday " distress signal sent ? "  Looking at the pictures of the damage , it almost looks as if they saw it at the last minute , and they tried to swing the ship to the right to miss , " said Chris McKesson , professor of naval architecture at the University of New Orleans . Whatever happened to cause the crash , what 's happening now to deal with its aftermath -- and , ideally , get to those still on board -- is now the focus . Those rescue crews have to deal with not just myriad logistical difficulties , but also physical and mental challenges . Emergency personnel in the open-air part of the ship need ropes to get around , because the floor has become the wall in most cases . Whether they are rappelling or swimming , doors may have to be opened upward , not the standard way , given the position of the ship . "  The doors are very heavy , and the windows are very thick , so it 's quite difficult to break them , " said Roncalli of the national fire service . Making one 's way around without light and where everything is turned on its side can test even the toughest person 's mental makeup . Laird , of the International Underwater Cave Rescue and Recovery group , notes that many cave diver deaths "  are attributed to panic . " Even those not underwater face situations in which even a small slip-up can be life threatening , he said . Despite such challenges , Roncalli vowed that rescue personnel were prepared and intent on continuing their mission as long as necessary . "  They keep on working until we are sure that no person is missing , " he said . "  The conditions are very tough , but we can manage it . "	NEW : The rescue/recovery operation on the ship could take weeks , a diving expert says Rescue operations resume , despite concerns about the weather The search was temporarily suspended Monday because the ship started to sway The Concordia is practically a skyscraper in two directions : 17 decks high and 951 feet long
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian security forces arrested Mohamed Badie , the Muslim Brotherhood 's spiritual leader , at a residential apartment in Cairo on Tuesday , state-run Nile TV reported . He was arrested in the Nasr City section of the capital without any resistance , Nile TV said , citing Gen. Abdel Fattah Othman , an Interior Ministry spokesman . Badie , whose title is supreme guide , is accused of inciting violence , according to Nile TV . The Brotherhood picked a Badie deputy to temporarily replace him , its political wing said Tuesday . He is Mahmoud Ezzat . Badie 's detention came one day after 25 soldiers were killed in a Sinai ambush and onetime ruler Hosni Mubarak won acquittal on a corruption charge . Suspected militants armed with rocket-propelled grenades struck two buses carrying security forces and killed the soldiers in the city of Rafah , on the border between Egypt and Gaza , Nile TV reported . Interim President Adly Mansour declared three days of national mourning following the attack , Nile TV said . The Sinai Peninsula is a lawless area that was the site of frequent attacks even before Egypt 's latest round of turmoil . In May , for example , seven Egyptian solders were kidnapped and held for six days there , a spokesman for Egypt 's armed forces said . But the attack adds to the persistent tension across the country since the military ousted democratically elected President Mohamed Morsy in a coup . Over the past week , about 900 people -- security personnel as well as citizens -- have been killed . Deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo on Wednesday and violence raged after pro-Morsy supporters staged demonstrations Friday . Billions in aid on the line : What will the U.S. do about Egypt ? On Sunday , at least 37 jailed members of the Muslim Brotherhood , an Islamist movement , were reportedly killed in what the Interior Ministry called an attempted jailbreak . Egypt 's state-run EGYNews agency reported that the prisoners died from tear-gas suffocation and from trampling over each other , and Egypt 's Prosecutor General Office ordered the arrest Monday of two police officers for their involvement in the incident . The prosecutor general also ordered that three police officers hospitalized for injuries sustained in the incident be held while the investigation continues . As for the Sinai ambush , the Brotherhood condemned the attack on Egyptian soldiers . "  Our peaceful protests  are  stronger than any weapon , and we do n't accept any violence , " said Murad Mohamad Ali , media adviser to the Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party . Morsy supporters , many of whom are members of the Muslim Brotherhood , and those aligned with the military-backed interim government blame each other for stoking the violence . Morsy has been in detention since his overthrow . Egyptian prosecutors have extended the detention for 15 days , pending investigations . Prosecutors have charged him with participating in the detention , torture , murder and attempted murder of Egyptian citizens ; broadcasting false news to influence judicial authorities in their inquiries ; and inciting thugs to use force and terrorize citizens . Questions about aid The crackdown also spurred a call from a leading U.S. senator , John McCain , to cut off its $ 1.3 billion in aid to Egypt . He said the United States has failed to follow its own rule requiring suspending aid to states overtaken by a military coup -- though the United States has not officially described the recent regime change in Egypt as a coup . "  We have no credibility . We do have influence , but when you do n't use that influence , then you do not have that influence , " McCain said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said President Obama noted that "  every aspect " of the U.S.-Egypt relationship is under review . U.S.-Egypt relations : ` Damned if you do , damned if you do n't ' He said the U.S. message to Egyptian officials has been consistent : The interim government should "  get back to an inclusive approach to reconciliation in Egypt . Will the regime get the message ? The U.S. ability to influence events in Egypt is "  limited , " Hagel said , but it 's not "  without influence . " Speaking at a Pentagon briefing with his counterpart from China , Hagel said the United States has a longstanding relationship with Egypt . "  We have interests clearly in the Middle East -- interests that include hopefully a development of some progress toward an Israeli - Palestinian settlement . So we continue to work with the Egyptian interim government as well as the Egyptian military , " he said . Hagel also said protection of Americans in Egypt is of the "  highest priority . " But Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister assured Egyptians that Arab nations will support Egypt if any international aid to the country is cut , the Saudi Press Agency reported Monday . "  The Arab and Islamic nation is rich when it comes to the support of its sons and its potentials and will not shy away from providing a helping hand to Egypt , " Saud Al-Faisal said . International response called weak , ineffective The carnage has spurred a call from leading human rights group Amnesty International for a "  full , impartial and effective investigation in the shocking loss of life . " "  The interim government has already stained its human rights record -- first by breaking its promises to use nonlethal weapons to disperse pro-Morsi sit-ins and allow for the safe exit of wounded , and then by justifying their actions despite the tragic loss of lives , " said Salil Shetty , secretary-general of Amnesty International , in a news release . "  The response of the international community has been weak and ineffective , even as everyone leaps to condemn the horrific loss of life . The international community must act decisively to send a message that no government can behave this way and retain any credibility . " Egyptian demonstrator : Why we are willing to die The group documented a rise in civil strife since the July 3 coup and cited "  a string of serious human rights abuses , culminating in the wholesale attack by the security forces " on pro-Morsy sit-ins last week . "  These abuses have included an alarming and unprecedented rise in sectarian violence against Coptic Christians across the country , "  seemingly in retaliation for their support " for Morsy 's ouster . It cited abuses by pro-Morsy protesters "  including beatings , torture and killings . "  In recent days , the scale of violence by some Morsy supporters have manifestly increased , as some attacked government buildings and police stations and personnel . Some protesters have also fired live ammunition on local residents , " Amnesty said . Mubarak in court As the upheaval persists in Egypt , Mubarak 's court cases grind on . In Cairo , a criminal court acquitted the former president in a corruption case , Egyptian state TV reported Monday . The case stemmed from accusations of squandering public money allocated for renovating presidential palaces . He also faces at least one other outstanding corruption claim . Separately , Mubarak is also facing a more serious accusation : that he was involved in the killing of protesters during the 2011 uprising . A Cairo court on Saturday adjourned a retrial in that case to this coming Sunday . Mubarak ruled Egypt , the most populous Arab country , for three decades until demonstrators opposing his rule forced his ouster in 2011 . He was convicted in 2012 in the deaths of numerous protesters , but was later granted a retrial . After a lengthy trial , he and his former interior minister , Habib al-Adly , were found guilty and sentenced to life in prison last year on charges that they were complicit in the protesters ' killings . After appealing their convictions , they were granted a new trial early this year . Mubarak has been held since his guilty verdict last year . After months spent in a military hospital , a public prosecutor sent him back to prison in April . The ousted autocratic leader 's health has been a bone of contention during his trial and incarceration . He suffered a heart attack after relinquishing power and had said that he was physically unfit to stand trial . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Ali Younes , Schams Elwazer , Ian Lee , Saad Abedine and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Mohamed Badie is arrested at an apartment in the Nasr City section of Cairo 25 soldiers die in an attack in the Sinai Peninsula ; 3-day mourning period declared At least 37 Muslim Brotherhood prisoners reportedly killed in jailbreak attempt Former President Hosni Mubarak is acquitted in one of many cases against him
CNN  In 2001 , the Taliban wiped out 1700 years of history in a matter of seconds , by blowing up ancient Buddha statues in central Afghanistan with dynamite . They proceeded to do so after an attempt at bringing down the 175-foot tall sculptures with anti-aircraft artillery had failed . Sadly , the event was just the first in a series of atrocities that have robbed the world of some of its most prized cultural heritage . But historical architecture is also under threat from calamities which might well escape our control , such as earthquakes and climate change . The thought of losing a piece of our collective history is a bleak one . But if loss ca n't be avoided , technology can lend a hand . Now CyArk , a non-profit company founded by an Iraqi-born engineer , is using groundbreaking laser scanning to ensure that -- at the very least -- incredibly accurate digital versions of the world 's treasures will stay with us forever . Ben Kacyra was born in Mosul , Iraq , in 1940 . He moved to the United States in 1964 , and in the 1990s he was instrumental in the design of the first portable laser scanner . He founded CyArk , a company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture , in 2003 . "  Two events happened that really influenced me and my wife , " he told CNN 's Nick Glass , "  The Taliban blew up the Buddhas and an earthquake happened in Bam , in Iran . "  It demolished a whole mud city . So we looked at each other and we said , you know , sometimes you ca n't prevent an earthquake , obviously , and it 's very expensive to go back and rebuild , but if it had been scanned , our children and grandchildren would get the opportunity to come back and learn the history of that place . " Since then , Kacyra has been doing exactly that : in a 2011 TED talk he explained his quest to preserve our "  collective treasure " , and he has a plan to scan 500 World Heritage sites in five years . So far , the list of completed scans includes Ancient Thebes , Chichen Itza , Fort Laramie , Mesa Verde , Mount Rushmore , Petra , Pompeii , Rapa Nui , the Sydney Opera House , Tikal , and his native Mosul . The idea is not just to protect endangered structures , but to offer free educational access to the digital recreations of important monuments via the web . "  We have that data , and if something -- God forbid -- happens to these , the data is there , " says Kacyra . In fact , current events have already caught up with the project : the Royal Tombs of Kasubi , in Uganda , were destroyed in 2010 by suspected arson . CyArk had mapped them a year earlier , and that could lead to the reconstruction of what was lost . "  I 'm constantly looking at what 's happening in Iraq and Syria . "  I 'm so glad that we had already started and developed the tools that allowed us to go and be proactive to capture some of these things before these very unfortunate events . " To scan the surroundings , CyArk uses a portable , eye-safe laser device based on a technology called Lidar -- a portmanteau of the words light and radar . It accurately maps a physical area much like a radar , but using lasers instead of radio waves . "  We have a very powerful laser that sends a beam of light pulsing 50,000 times per second , " explains Kacyra , "  which means that it 's collecting 50,000 points of everything that 's in front it as it pulses up and down and in a circular fashion , generating the geometry of everything that 's in the space around it . " In other words , "  We gave the world a 3D laser scanner that has revolutionized how reality is captured . " Although its focus is in providing open access to cultural heritage , CyArk is also attracting interest for alternative uses of the technology . "  We are discovering applications way beyond what we had anticipated , " says Kacyra . "  For example , the Highway Patrol wants to use it in accident reconstruction on the road or in crime scene investigations . Where did the bullets go , trajectories and all that - this gives you the entire thing in minutes and then you can do all the analysis work . " Not even Hollywood is immune from the allure of laser scanning . "  Imagine it going all the way to art , the movies , movie sets . My wife got really excited about the first use in the movie field . " Before founding CyArk , Kacyra had developed a similar technology called Cyrax , which he then subsequently sold . This technology was first used during the production of the 1997 sci-fi cult movie Starship Troopers , to scan an underground cave . "  They found out it was going to cost too much money to measure the cave so they could model it , something like half a million dollars and six weeks . "  They had heard about our scanning system so we went there . I think we did it for 20,000 dollars , and in a day or two , and it got used in a movie for the first time . "  It 's ubiquitous now in the movie industry for virtual sets . "	A company called CyArk specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture Founded by an Iraqi-born engineer , it plans to preserve 500 World Heritage sites within five years
CNN  -- The United States denounced the early morning twin bombings at an Egyptian security forces building that killed 16 people and wounded more than 100 in the Nile Delta city of Mansoura . In its statement on Tuesday , the U.S. State Department expressed hopes for a quick recovery for those injured in the two blasts , which occurred in quick succession about 1 a.m. local time Tuesday . State news agency MENA confirmed the casualty toll . "  The United States stands firmly with the Egyptian people as they work to put their country on the path towards democracy , stability , and economic prosperity , in an atmosphere free from violence , " the State Department message said . Interim Prime Minister Hazem al Beblawi called the attack a terrorist incident and said the perpetrators will not go unpunished . Ansar Jerusalem , a jihadist group responsible for attacks in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula , claimed responsibility for the act . But al Beblawi singled out the Muslim Brotherhood , without directly blaming the organization for the attack , and called it a terrorist group in a statement to the nation , the state news agency MENA reported . Among the people injured is the head of the security directorate of Dakahlia governorate , MENA said , citing Health Ministry officials . Part of the building collapsed after the explosion , the news agency said . One blast occurred on one of the top floors of the building and was quickly followed by a car bomb , MENA reported . Brotherhood labeled a terror group Egypt 's Cabinet declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group and a terrorist organization , Hossam Issa , deputy prime minister and minister of higher education , announced in a statement on Egypt 's state TV on Wednesday . Issa blamed the Brotherhood for the bombing , saying that "  all of Egypt was horrified by the ugly crime . " Egypt 's Cabinet also decided to place penalties on those who joined the group or remained a member . A ` strong ' condemnation from Brotherhood The Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice Party "  strongly condemned " the bombing , the group said on its website . It expressed surprise at al Beblawi 's contentions . "  Coup authorities realized that fraud will not work  in the coming referendum on a new constitution  . So , they resorted to this heinous bombing , " Hamza Zawbaa , FJP media spokesman , said . "  All violence is reprehensible . God , as well as the whole world , bear witness that the Brotherhood is innocent of all that . " Witness : Heavy damage at the site Ahmed El Shabrawy was at his home when he heard a loud blast . He told CNN it took him five minutes to run to the building , where he saw a man pulled from the rubble by bystanders . He estimated that dozens of cars were damaged , and there was a large area around one of the blast sites where there was "  heavy material damage . " At least 10 ambulances had responded to the scene , he said . So many people rushed to a blood donation center that workers had to turn people away , he added . CNN first learned of the blasts from Twitter . Upcoming vote on proposed constitution The blasts come in the lead-up to Egypt 's referendum on a new constitution , which will be held January 14-15 . The draft constitution would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military . A military coup in July unseated President Mohamed Morsy , who was democratically elected . Since then there have been almost daily protests , some of which have ended in violence and other bombings , such as one on December 12 when 20 police recruits were injured in a car bomb attack . On Sunday , Ansar Jerusalem issued an online statement calling on army and police members to quit . "  With your staying in these institutions from evening to morning , you are incurring the anger of Allah , " the statement said . Morsy , an Islamist leader , has endured a series of legal troubles . He and 132 others will face trial for escaping from prison in 2011 , state media reported Saturday . Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas , the al Ahram state newspaper reported . He is also charged with raiding other prisons , and killing soldiers and officers in Rafah , it said . He has been in custody since his ouster . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Cabinet declares Muslim Brotherhood a terror group Jihadist group issues claim of responsibility for bombings Blasts come as nation prepares for a referendum on a new constitution U.S. says it stands by Egypt as it works its way toward stability
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court gave an Idaho couple another chance Wednesday to challenge a government ruling barring construction of their "  dream house , " an important property rights defeat for the Obama administration . The justices unanimously ruled Chantell and Mike Sackett can appeal a compliance order that said wetlands on their residential lot were improperly filled with rocks and dirt . A building permit was then revoked . "  Since the agency 's decision was final and since the Sacketts have no other adequate remedy in a court , they may bring their suit " under federal law , said Justice Antonin Scalia . The couple 's supporters had billed this as "  David vs. Goliath " fight against the Environmental Protection Agency . "  We 're here to stand up for the property rights and the constitutional rights of all Americans , " Mike Sackett told CNN in January , when the case was argued at the high court . "  We felt blindsided by the EPA , and we remain determined to fight . " The high court had displayed wide support for the Sacketts during oral arguments 10 weeks ago . "  If you related the facts of this case -- as they come to us -- to an ordinary homeowner , " Justice Samuel Alito asked the government 's attorney , "  do n't you think most ordinary homeowners would say this kind of thing ca n't happen in the United States ? " What happened has become a six-year fight pitting business and property rights groups against the federal government and many in the environmental community . The effect could be huge for the longstanding tension over the balance between commercial and private development , and maintaining clean air , water , and soil . The Sacketts bought a small parcel of about two-thirds of an acre in the Idaho Panhandle in 2005 , near the shores of the resort community of Priest Lake . They hoped to build a three-bedroom home , surrounded by neighbors ' houses , and had obtained a county permit . Gravel had already been laid for the foundation when EPA officials told them their land was a wetland . That barred any development . They were ordered to immediately "  restore " the land to its natural state or risk fines of up to $ 37,500 a day . At issue before the high court was whether the Sacketts have a right to have a "  timely and meaningful " hearing before a court to challenge a Clean Water Act wetlands-restoration order of a federal agency . About 3,000 administrative compliance orders are issued each year by the EPA . A federal appeals court agreed with the agency that the couple 's only remedy was to go through a lengthy wetlands permit process , which the Sacketts said would cost thousands more than the property is worth . "  EPA is not above the law , " said Damien Schiff , an attorney with the Pacific Legal Foundation , representing the Sacketts in court . "  That 's the bottom line with today 's ruling . " Agency officials said in a statement : "  EPA will of course fully comply with the Supreme Court 's decision , which the agency is still reviewing , as we work to protect clean water for our families and future generations by using the tools provided by Congress to enforce the Clean Water Act . " The EPA still maintains the land is a wetland , and says the couple passed up the chance to work with federal officials for an "  after-the-fact " permit , which may have resolved the situation quickly and cheaply , a remedy the government says it uses often for individual homeowners . But Alito , in a concurring opinion Wednesday , said for "  a nation that values due process , " the bureaucracy the Sacketts endured was "  unthinkable . " "  The combination of the uncertain reach of the Clean Water Act and the draconian penalties imposed for the sort of violations alleged in this case still leaves most property owners with little practical alternative but to dance to the EPA 's tune , " he said . Defining "  wetland " and the potential impact on drainage and "  discharging pollutants " from nearby land has long been a tricky , subjective process . Federal regulators for decades have had the authority to protect water quality , even when land is not directly adjacent to streams , rivers , swamps , lakes or oceans . The Sacketts property did not border Priest Lake , but the EPA determined gravel on the lot amounted to a pollutant into "  waters of the Untied States . " The high court in 2006 failed to reach a standard that would have redefined current wetlands mitigation laws , the laws now confronting the justices and the Sacketts . "  The Supreme Court has come to our rescue , " Mike Sackett said just after the decision was issued , "  and reminded the EPA -- and everyone -- that this is still America , and Americans still have rights under the Constitution . " "  We did everything right , " he told CNN about the permit process to build their home . He said the experience has been "  literally terrifying . " The case is Sackett v. Environmental Protection Agency  10-1062  .	An Idaho couple can file suit against an EPA ruling , the Supreme Court says The couple 's supporters had billed this as "  David vs. Goliath " fight Mike Sackett : "  We 're here to stand up for the property rights ... of all Americans "
Earlier this week , Cambodia marked 35 years of freedom from the Khmer Rouge regime , whose revolutionary blueprint for an agrarian paradise caused the deaths of nearly two million in the 1970s . But instead of uniting Cambodians , the date perennially divides them . Prime Minister Hun Sen 's Cambodian People 's Party casts the anniversary in the light of victory and liberation . Opposition figures shrug off the festivities as propaganda , a reminder that after the Khmer Rouge leaders retreated in 1979 , the Vietnamese who defeated them stayed for 10 years . The diverging perspectives underscore what 's happening now . In the name of public order and security , the government commemorating the fall of a regime is leading one of the most aggressive campaigns against dissenting foes in recent memory , according to analysts . "  Cambodia is now at a tipping point , " said Carl Thayer , a longtime observer of the country 's politics and a professor emeritus at the University of New South Wales in Australia . In the past nine days , pro-government security forces have arrested human rights defenders , gunned down five striking garment workers and violently evicted protesters from a designated free speech zone called "  Freedom Park . " At least 3 dead after security forces open fire Last weekend , the Ministry of Interior temporarily banned demonstrations and the courts have summoned opposition leaders Sam Rainsy , president of the Cambodia National Rescue Party , and his deputy , Kem Sokha . "  Cambodian authorities appear to have given up any semblance of democracy , rule of law or justice , " said Tola Moeun , head of the local advocacy group the Community Legal Education Center , in a statement earlier this week , after activists were briefly detained Monday in an apparent enforcement of the ban on demonstrations . "  The big questions are what is next and who will be next ? This madness must end now . " The United Nations ' human rights arm has urged an investigation into the violence , and major clothing manufacturers that conduct business in Cambodia -- including H&M , the Gap and Inditex , the parent company of Zara -- asked in a letter for a peaceful resolution . Seeds of conflict Seeds of turmoil were sown in July , when Hun Sen 's long-ruling CPP lost a chunk of parliamentary seats in the national elections , and Rainsy 's Cambodia National Rescue Party , or CNRP , almost doubled its own . But Rainsy and his supporters claimed they were robbed of crucial votes that would have put them in front , ending nearly 30 years of Hun Sen 's rule . They demanded an international investigation into the election -- which did n't happen -- and for Hun Sen to step down . Thousands of people took to the streets in protest . While the opposition had floundered at times -- revising its demands to include a new election -- it appeared stronger than ever as 2013 came to a close . The largely peaceful journey of civil disobedience began to veer off course on December 24 , when unions , many of which line up politically with the opposition party , called for a nationwide garment worker strike , demanding an immediate monthly wage bump to $ 160 -- nearly double the $ 95 that the government first offered , and well above the $ 100 that was eventually proposed as a final offer . Soon , new groups joined . Tuk-tuk drivers demanded lower gasoline prices . Buddhist monks called for the authorities to find a stolen golden urn believed to contain ashes of the Buddha . All of the anger pointed in one direction . Crackdown country On the evening of January 2 , the crackdown began . In a protest outside a garment factory , authorities arrested 10 people , including garment workers and at least three human rights advocates , according to the Cambodian rights group Licadho . The arrested men face up to five years imprisonment . The next day , anger erupted outside the Canadia Industrial Park in southwest Phnom Penh . Hundreds of garment workers threw rocks at security forces and created burning roadblocks . Some carried Molotov cocktails . Military police responded by firing automatic weapons . Five workers were killed in the bloody clash , the U.N. said this week . Almost 40 were injured , and 13 people arrested , according to Licadho . On the hectic day of the confrontation , young men engaged in a standoff with a phalanx of riot police . One protester , In Chanthan , 26 , who works at the park , was undeterred , cupping bullet casings in his hand as evidence . "  Very cruel , " he said . Authorities secured the area . The sun rose on empty factories , smashed shops looted by demonstrators , mourning families and fearful residents . "  I think Hun Sen believes he 's losing control of the situation , " said Brad Adams , executive director for Human Rights Watch 's Asia division . The prime minister has never really accepted the right to protest , he added . The government defended its actions , saying it had allowed the opposition to protest for months . But members of the public complained , said Phay Siphan , spokesman for the Council of Ministers , a collection of top cabinet posts . "  The third party wants to use the street fairly . An ill person who wants medical attention gets blocked , " he said . "  It 's too much . " The forceful response on January 2 had to occur because a national road was being occupied by demonstrators , he said . At Canadia Industrial Park the following day , protesters had become aggressive , damaging factories and throwing rocks and using slingshots to project "  iron balls " at authorities . "  It 's not a protest anymore , it became a riot , " he said , adding that the government feels sorry for those killed . "  We so regret that this happened , but they did n't obey peacefully , to cease all activity . " he said . Rallying point targeted On the morning of January 4 , pro-government security guards and plainclothed thugs wearing red armbands stampeded through the opposition 's main protest camp , Freedom Park , in the heart of the city , as tourists ate breakfast only blocks away . Police at the scene did nothing to stop them . "  The military force kicked the protesters , " said Soeng Piseth , 31 , a microfinance worker who managed to escape . City Hall issued a statement justifying the clearing of the park , saying it was an attempt to maintain order and security . The crowd "  protested in an attempt to topple the government , and burned down garment factories , " said Mok Chito , head of the department of central justice in Cambodia 's Ministry of Interior . Siphan justified the subsequent ban on demonstrations -- which critics say is a crackdown on free speech and freedom of assembly -- saying "  there has to be a cool-down period . The divisions are so deep right now . " In tandem with the eviction , summonses were dispatched to CNRP leaders Rainsy and Sokha , asking them to appear in court on January 14 to explain the turmoil . Sokha 's political activities had landed him in jail before , and Rainsy 's brushes with the government caused him to flee to France in 2009 , returning last year on the coattails of a royal pardon . By Sunday , January 5 , security forces were stationed at various points in the capital . A common refrain in recent weeks has been that the rallies represented the most serious threat to Hun Sen 's government in years . But after heavy-handed pressure in the first week of January , garment strikers have largely returned to work and opposition leaders are regrouping . Freedom Park is eerily empty . On Thursday morning , when an opposition-affiliated youth group tried to sing a song inside the park , military police and security guards stopped them from getting into the main area , sending a clear message that the government will enforce its ban on demonstrations . The opposition 's staying power and resilience are finally being put to test . "  We have to wait until the environment is a little bit calm , " said Yim Sovann , a CNRP spokesman , this week . He added that protests in the city would resume , though he did n't say when .	Anti-government protests in Cambodia have recently taken a violent turn Protests underscore ongoing tension between Prime Minister Hun Sen and opposition party Ban on demonstration is criticized by human rights groups
CNN  -- Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair -- once one of the U.S. Army 's top commanders in Afghanistan -- pleaded guilty Thursday to several charges related to sexual relationships with female troops , but not the most serious one against him . According to the public affairs office for Fort Bragg , in North Carolina , Sinclair pleaded guilty to committing adultery , engaging in inappropriate relationships with three women , conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman and obstruction of justice . Col. James L. Pohl , the judge overseeing his court martial , accepted these pleas after being convinced they were factual and made voluntarily . The government 's lawyers dropped two counts -- one of conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman and the other for cruelty and maltreatment . Sinclair still stands accused of "  sodomy ... by force and without the consent " of his alleged victim , an Army captain . Charges also loom for alleged cruel and maltreatment of subordinates and defrauding the government , according to Fort Bragg . The brigadier general pleaded not guilty to those charges Thursday . His court martial is expected to resume Friday morning with opening statements and the prosecution presenting its case , according to the Fort Bragg press office . Army general faces sexual conduct , other charges His defense lawyer , Richard Scheff , expressed confidence in his client 's prospects in comments to CNN affiliate WTVD . He said that the case now boils down to the brigadier general 's story against that of his main accuser , suggesting that what she wrote in a diary differs markedly from the allegations against Sinclair . "  Where this case is rests on the accuser 's word , which is worth nothing , " said Scheff . Once the deputy commander of the Army 's 82nd Airborne Division , Sinclair was moved to the North Carolina post from Afghanistan in 2012 , the same year the last alleged incidents occurred and when he was originally charged . Prosecutors said he broke military law through sexual relationships -- including threats to some women involved , who had lower ranks -- between 2009 and 2012 , overseas in Iraq , Afghanistan and Germany , as well as Fort Bragg and Fort Hood , Texas . The charge sheet claims Sinclair had pornographic images and videos , misled investigators and defrauded the government "  by wrongfully using his government travel charge for personal purposes . " In comments Thursday , Scheff said that his client "  has consistently admitted his shortcomings and taken responsibility for them . " Report : Troops filing sexual trauma claims less likely to get PTSD benefits Congress passes reform on how military handles sexual assault cases CNN 's Suzanne Presto and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Accused general 's lawyer says the "  accuser 's word ... is worth nothing " Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair pleads guilty to "  inappropriate relationships , " other charges He still faces court martial on other charges , including sodomy , maltreating subordinates Sinclair had been one of the U.S. Army 's top commanders in Afghanistan
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's central bank says it will soon introduce a 100 trillion dollar note as the once prosperous country battles to keep pace with hyperinflation that has caused many to abandon the country 's currency . A boy examines the new $ 50 billion dollar note issued by Zimbabwe 's central bank on January 13 , 2009 . The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe said the new notes that includes 50 trillion , 20 trillion and 10 trillion would be released for the "  convenience of the public , " according to statement released Thursday . "  In a move meant to ensure that the public has access to their money from banks , the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe has introduced a new family of bank notes which will gradually come into circulation , starting with the 10 trillion Zimbabwe dollar , " the bank said in its announcement . The new 100 trillion dollar bill would be worth about $ 300 in U.S. currency . A loaf of bread in Zimbabwe now costs about 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars -- and like most commodities , the price increases every day . Earlier this month , Zimbabwe introduced a 50 billion dollar bill as the country battles to fight cash shortages stemming from the world 's highest inflation rate . The official rate was 231 million percent as of July . The currency is in free fall , forcing traders to peg their prices to international currency to hedge against losses . The Zimbabwean dollar is facing extinction , with most traders now accepting other countries ' notes , claiming that they import their products . Even vegetable vendors prefer the U.S. dollar , South African rand or Botswanan pula , and most workers now demand their salaries in foreign currency . Doctors and nurses have been on strike since last September , demanding salaries in U.S. dollars . The strike coincided with a cholera epidemic that now has claimed more than 2,000 lives . Last week , the state media reported that most teachers had left their jobs . As a result , the end-of-year examinations taken in November are yet to be graded after the markers demanded their wages in foreign currency . Schools are yet to re-open this year awaiting the examination results .	New 100 trillion dollar bill would be worth about $ 300 in U.S. currency A loaf of bread currently costs about 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars As of July , Zimbabwe 's official inflation rate was 231 million percent Earlier this month , the RBZ introduced the country 's first 50 billion dollar bill
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The world has at least 1,453 billionaires , with about half of those residing in the U.S. and China , according to the Hurun Global Rich List . In terms of cities , Moscow is home to the greatest number of billionaires with 76 , followed by New York  70  , Hong Kong  52  , Beijing  41  and London  40  . "  For every billionaire that Hurun Report has found , I estimate we have missed at least two , meaning that today there are probably 4,000 billionaires in the world , " said Rupert Hoogewerf , chairman and chief researcher of Hurun Report , a Shanghai-based publishing group that tracks China 's wealthy . "  Asia is home to the lion 's share of billionaires on the planet with 608 individuals , followed by North America with 440 billionaires and Europe 324 , " said the report . "  By country , the US was home to 409 billionaires , comfortably ahead of the 317 from China . " The billionaires on the list account for $ 5.5 trillion in personal wealth -- equivalent to the GDP of China , the world 's second richest country , according to the report . "  This past year has seen a rebound in the wealth of private sector , " it stated . "  Stock markets in the U.S. have risen and the U.S. dollar has gotten stronger , rising against the Brazilian real by 19 % , Indian rupee by 12 % and Japanese yen by 6 % , making it harder for locals to make the cut-off . " Still , most billionaires on the list have companies listed on China 's stock exchanges  212  rather than U.S. exchanges  211  , despite Chinese markets underperforming in recent years . Three out of four billionaires in the Hurun List are self-made , with real estate , telecommunications , media and technology and retail leading industries that produce the super-rich . One in every 10 billionaires are women , Hurun says . The average age is 63 years , but Facebook founders Mark Zuckerberg and Dustin Moskovitz are the youngest self-made billionaires at 28 and 29 , respectively , Hurun said . Hurun : World 's 10 Richest Billionaires 1 . Carlos Slim Helu & family  Mexico - America Movil  : $ 66 billion 2 . Warren Buffett  U.S. - Berkshire Hathaway  : $ 58 billion 3 . Amancio Ortega  Spain - Zara  : $ 55 billion 4 . Bill Gates  U.S. - Microsoft  : $ 54 billion 5 . Bernard Arnault  France - LVMH  : $ 51 billion 6 . Larry Ellison  U.S. - Oracle  : $ 43 billion 7 . Li Ka-shing  Hong Kong - Cheung Kong  : $ 32 billion 8 . Charles Koch  U.S. - Koch Industries  : $ 31 billion 8 . David Koch  U.S. - Koch Industries  : $ 31 billion 10 . Liliane Bettencourt  France - L'Oreal  : $ 30 billion	World has at least 1,453 billionaires - half of whom reside in the U.S. and China But Moscow is home to the most billionaires , according to the Hurun Global Rich List Billionaires have $ 5.5 trillion in personal wealth -- equivalent to the GDP of China Asia is home to the most super-rich with 608 billionaires , Hurun said
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They are some of the biggest names in Hollywood , but even Susan Sarandon , Ethan Hawke and Dustin Hoffman have had their fair share of casting calamities they would rather forget . Mike Myers sabotaged some auditions for parts he did n't want . "  Why not be nude even if it is a children 's theatre ? " CNN 's The Screening Room has managed to persuade the cream of Hollywood to confess their tales of audition woe . The stars shudder at the memory of waiting in line , frantically trying to memorize lines handed to them moments before , all the while being assessed by critical strangers . Benicio del Toro recounts attending 50 or 60 auditions before getting a part and Quentin Tarantino told Eli Roth he "  blew it " when he first auditioned for "  Inglourious Basterds . " While Catherine Keener remembers a cutting personal assessment : "  You 're not pretty enough . " Here are some of their worst moments : Bill Nighy "  Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest . " "  Love Actually " "  There was one that started out terrible , which was where I had to go to a disused tax office in Harrow -LSB- near London , England -RSB- very early in the morning and put on very tight velvet flared loon pants and a pair of crocodile four-inch - heeled platform shoes , and wear a sort of very small top that did n't meet my trousers , hair extensions and I had to karaoke to ` Smoke on the Water ' by Deep Purple . It 's a very lonely place . And I was 45 at the time ... " Ethan Hawke "  Before Sunset , " "  Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead " "  I have had so many bad auditions . I have fallen on my ass . I have made a complete fool of myself . I auditioned for Robert Redford once and I was so starstruck I could n't even speak . I had a mic wire at a screen test clipped to me and then I got kind of nervous and I paced in a circle and then took a step and tripped and fell on my face . You just have to forgive yourself and keep going on . " Mike Myers "  Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me , " "  Shrek " "  I 've had some bad auditions for some TV movies that were shooting in England where I just did n't want to be in them and offered them more obtuse -LSB- performances -RSB- ... I like to think of it as performance art . I did n't sabotage it , I was just woefully inappropriate , you know ? I just thought , ` Why not be nude even if it is a children 's theatre ? " Catherine Keener "  Being John Malkovich , " "  Synecdoche , New York " "  You would n't believe some of the comments , assessments . But , they 're really not meant personally . Like for example , ` You 're not pretty enough . ' For them it 's just a fact . But for you it 's like , ` Oh my God ! I have to live with this . ' You get a thicker skin about it , which you should because it is n't meant personally , but it 's such a personal profession that you kind of have to get used to getting critiqued on things that you should n't even care about . " Dustin Hoffman "  Marathon Man , " "  Meet the Fockers " "  The most famous casting director from New York , I was lucky enough to get an audition with her in the '60s . She did all the plays , all the Broadway plays . She is sitting across the desk saying her lines , and I am saying mine , and she stops and says , ` Come here . Bring your chair here , right next to me . ' And I say , ` Why ? ' And she says , ` Because I ca n't hear you , and you have never been on the stage or on Broadway , and you are going to have to reach the last row . ' I said , ` Yeah , I know . I have been studying acting for about seven years now , but I 'm not on Broadway now , I 'm just sitting in front of you . ' So , she said , ' I know , but I could n't hear you . That 's why I asked you to sit next to me . ' I said , ` Okay . Can you hear me now ? ' I was getting so angry . Well , at that point she said , ` Speak up , ' and I screamed as loud as I could , every line after . She called my agent and said , ` If you ever send that maniac around here again I will never see another one of your clients . ' I really lost it . Eli Roth "  Death Proof , " "  Inglourious Basterds " "  I left the casting of ` Hostel : Part II , ' which Quentin -LSB- Tarantino -RSB- was a producer on to go and audition for his movie -LSB- ` Inglourious Basterds ' -RSB- and it was just a room with a camera . He was n't even there and I was like , ` Where 's Quentin ? ' They go ` He did n't leave his house today . ' Anyways , I blew it . I did terribly and Quentin called me and starts making fun of me . He was like , ` You were so bad in your audition , but I 'll give you a callback . Come on . ' Demi Moore "  A Few Good Men , " "  Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle " "  I auditioned for ' A Few Good Men ' with Tom Cruise and Rob Reiner and when I went into that audition I was eight months pregnant , so there is always kind of a lasting impression that I was playing this military officer with this gigantic belly . Obviously , it turned out well because I got the role but there was something quite odd about it . " Roger Moore "  Octopussy , " "  Curse of the Pink Panther " "  I remember auditioning for one play , and the girl was awfully short and we were holding the book in our hands and I almost could n't see her . I knew I was n't going to get that part , I tried to make myself smaller and smaller so I could be closer her size and that did n't happen . " Ramon Rodriguez "  Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen , "  The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 " "  I met -LSB- ` Transformers ' director -RSB- Michael Bay in his office in Santa Monica for an hour and a half he had me running , jumping and diving all over his office and his furniture freaking out like I was reacting to robots , which is the strangest audition I have had by far . I left the room completely drenched in sweat and all I could say was , ' I better get this part . ' It worked out and the stuff we did in the room was the stuff we did on set . "	Stars confess their casting calamities and tales of audition woe . Dustin Hoffman remembers how he "  lost it " and screamed at a casting agent Ethan Hawke confesses to falling "  on his ass " Eli Roth "  blew it " when he first auditioned for "  Inglourious Basterds "
CNN  One person was killed Wednesday when severe weather ripped through the Tulsa and Oklahoma City areas . The death was reported in Sand Springs , a suburb of Tulsa , after the storm system ravaged a mobile home park , said Maj. Shannon Clark with the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office . "  Right now , rescue efforts are continuing and officers are aiding the injured and helping those who need immediate medical care , " he said . "  It 's very tough conditions right now -- very touch and go . The conditions my people are working in right now are deplorable at best . " Earlier , the National Weather Service issued a tornado warning for Tulsa . A confirmed , "  extremely dangerous " tornado was spotted near Sand Springs , moving east at 45 mph , the weather service said . The tornado warning included downtown Tulsa . Large , damaging hail the size of baseballs and hurricane-force winds were possible . A severe thunderstorm watch was in effect for the area until late Wednesday night . More severe weather tore through the Oklahoma City area . Another tornado was spotted about 15 miles south of town south in Moore , said Sgt. Jeremy Lewis with the city 's police . "  We have about a 2-mile square area with significant damage , mainly roofs off homes and downed trees , " he said . "  Right now , we have the area secured , we have crews in there making sure that gas lines , electrical line , all that 's turned off . " Trees had to be cleared so law enforcement and emergency vehicles could get through . "  You know , this is n't the first time we 've done this so ... unfortunately , we 've gotten pretty good at getting people back into their residences as quick as we can , " Lewis said . "  We just have to make sure that it 's safe . Lewis said a temporary hospital was treating patients with minor injuries . The original Moore Medical Center was destroyed two years ago in a tornado . Staff took cover in temporary shelters as the storm approached . "  Their building did sustain a little bit of damage , but they were able to reopen once the storm passed and start taking patients in , " Lewis said . The city asked folks to stay away , saying they had things under control . "  Do not enter the tornado damaged area . Moore Police/Fire have not requested mutual aid , " the city of Moore tweeted . " A call for volunteers will be made when needed . " Moore Public Schools called off classes for Thursday . "  School has been canceled tomorrow Mar 26 due to damage across the district , " the school district tweeted . "  Updates tomorrow morning - Thanks for your patience . " CNN 's Sean Morris , AnneClaire Stapleton and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	National Weather Service issues tornado warning for Tulsa An unclear number of people are injured Official : "  The conditions my people are working in right now are deplorable at best "
CNN  As Bobbi Kristina Brown remains in a medically induced coma fighting for her life , little information about the incident at her Atlanta-area home or her condition has slipped from police or family . If the investigation into what happened to the 21-year-old only child of Whitney Houston has revealed much , no one is talking publicly about it . We do know this : Brown was discovered facedown in a bathtub at her Roswell , Georgia , home over the weekend , and she was reportedly found by the man she has called her husband , and a friend . Here 's what we know about the players involved in the story . Bobbi Kristina Brown She is the daughter of two singers who were pop music icons of 1980s and 1990s . She was born on March 4 , 1993 , less than a year after parents , Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston , wed. . At the time , her mother was enjoying critical acclaim for her first acting role in "  The Bodyguard " and for the accompanying soundtrack , which featured Houston belting out a rendition of Dolly Parton 's "  I Will Always Love You . " It appears Bobbi Kristina wanted to follow in her parents ' footsteps . As a youngster , she appeared on stage with her mother on numerous occasions . She told Oprah Winfrey during a 2012 interview that her plan for life included the "  singing thing ... some acting , some dancing . " She also spoke to Winfrey about how much she missed her mother , who died February 11 , 2012 . Days before Bobbi Kristina Brown 's hospitalization , her Twitter timeline seemed to indicate her mother and her own singing career were quite on her mind . On January 26 at 4:14 a.m. , about two weeks before the anniversary of her mother 's death , Bobbi Kristina Brown tweeted , "  Littlelady & yourgrowing young man @nickdgordon miss you mommy . . :' SOmuch . . loving you more every sec . #Anniversary ! " About an hour earlier , she tweeted , "  Hiworld :  : yes I am a night owl , this is when my creative side come 's out . ALLTHETIME ! I need2be in the studio RITENOW ! #SOONverySOON ! " She was found Saturday unresponsive in her Roswell townhome . Nobody knows what caused Brown 's unresponsiveness , Roswell police spokeswoman Lisa Holland said , but police have said they consider it a medical incident . Investigators had found nothing to indicate it was drug - or alcohol-related . The incident report referenced a drowning . Police had been to Brown 's residence recently . Somebody reported a fight there on January 23 , but nobody answered the door and officers found no evidence of an altercation , Holland said . Nick Gordon Bobbi Kristina Brown called him her husband , but her father 's attorney released a statement saying the two were never married . Bobbi Kristina Brown reportedly got engaged to Gordon , and in January 2014 , she tweeted out a picture of wedding rings , along with the words , " #HappilyMarried  SO #Inlove . " Gordon , 25 , faced criticism following the tweet from those who questioned how he could marry a woman he considered his sister . Gordon had lived with Houston and her daughter since he was 12 years old . He once told the show "  Extra " that Houston treated him like a son and "  made me promise several times to look after Krissy ... and , Mom , I will never , ever , ever break that promise . " Gordon was one of the two people who reportedly found Bobbi Kristina Brown unresponsive in the tub . Max Lomas Lomas , 24 , was the other . In response to several media outlets reporting Lomas ' lengthy rap sheet , attorney Philip Holloway issued a statement Tuesday saying his client is a cooperative witness and Lomas ' most recent arrest in January has nothing to do with Brown 's hospitalization . Holloway told CNN on Wednesday that his client was the one who actually found Brown and called 911 . Holloway 's comments came after he met with Roswell police for two hours ; his client was not at the meeting , he said . On January 15 , Lomas was booked on charges of possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of alprazolam  aka Xanax , an anti-anxiety drug  , and possession of a firearm or knife during the commission of or the attempt to commit a felony , according to Fulton County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan . CNN has learned from Fulton and Dawson County authorities that Lomas was arrested at least three times in 2011 and 2012 and charged with a host of crimes , including battery and alcohol , weapons , drug and probation violations . Holloway did not mention the previous arrests in his statement . "  Mr. Lomas ' widely reported recent arrest is completely unrelated to the incidents that occurred at Ms. Brown 's residence and there is absolutely no relationship between the events . He has pleaded not guilty to those charges , " Holloway said . "  Mr. Lomas has not been accused of anything in connection with Bobbi Kristina Brown 's injuries . " Bobby Brown Bobbi Kristina Brown 's father is as much known for his shenanigans as he is for his music , if not more . He shot to fame in 1984 on the back of the hits , "  Mr. Telephone Man " and "  Cool it Now , " by his band , New Edition . The band would eventually splinter into three relatively successful solo acts and the R&B trio , Bell Biv Devoe . Upon leaving New Edition  it 's debatable what precipitated his departure as competing narratives suggest he either left voluntarily or was voted out by fellow band members  , he embarked on a solo career that stuttered at first but eventually spawned numerous hits , including "  Do n't Be Cruel , " "  Every Little Step " and "  My Prerogative , " before fizzling in the 1990s . He married Houston in 1992 , and the story line surrounding Brown would quickly become one of cocaine , booze , rehab , arrests and alleged violence against Houston , who filed for divorce in 2006 . The marriage ended in 2007 . Brown , who turned 46 on Thursday , reportedly got sober after splitting from Houston , but he has been arrested for DUI , entered rehab and has been jailed since their split . Whitney Houston A songstress with a golden voice and the cousin of Dionne Warwick , Houston 's albums have sold tens of millions of copies worldwide . The soundtrack to "  The Bodyguard " went platinum 17 times in the United States , according to the Recording Industry Association of America , and reportedly sold 45 million copies worldwide . Her first No. 1 hit would come in 1985 with "  Saving All My Love For You , " and a string of No. 1 hits followed , as did a marginally successful acting career . However , she would not enjoy the spoils of , say , a Michael Jackson because she did n't write and produce her own songs . In an interview in 2002 with ABC 's Diane Sawyer , Houston admitted to using drugs but denied the use of crack . She told Sawyer : "  The biggest devil is me . I 'm either my best friend or my worst enemy . " Houston bounced in and out of drug rehab twice , declaring herself drug-free during a 2009 interview with Oprah Winfrey . When she drowned in a hotel bathtub almost three years before Bobbi Kristina Brown was found in a similar state  cocaine and heart disease were cited as factors in her death  , Houston , 48 , had an estate worth an estimated $ 12 million to $ 20 million . According to her will , which she signed about a month before Bobbi Kristina Brown 's 1993 birth , her daughter was the sole heir to her estate . If she had no children , the will said , the money was to be split among her mother , father  now deceased  , two brothers and Bobby Brown . She filed an amendment to the will in 2000 but only changed the executor and one of the trustees . The heirs remained the same . It was widely reported that when Bobbi Kristina Brown turned 21 in March 2014 , she received the first installment from her trust , one-tenth of her mother 's estate . Bobbi Kristina Brown is scheduled to receive one-sixth of the estate in 2018 and the remaining balance in 2023 . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Greg Botelho , John Newsome , Carolyn Sung , Lisa Respers France and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Bobbi Kristina Brown has said she wanted to be singer like her mother Her father has said that his daughter is not married to Nick Gordon Whitney Houston left estate to daughter ; it was to be doled out over years
CNN  -- Might there be a Tyra Banks/Naomi Campbell situation this awards season ? With the announcement of nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Awards and Golden Globes , Viola Davis ' fans had plenty to cheer about . She received nods for her performance in the new ABC drama "  How to Get Away With Murder . " But "  Scandal " actress Kerry Washington , one of the darlings of awards seasons past , was nowhere to be found . Is it a case of there being room for only one African-American woman to be celebrated ? It 's not a new concept . In 2005 , Banks invited fellow supermodel Campbell onto her talk show for a conversation about the tension between them . The fashion industry was partially to blame , Banks said . "  Back then , there were 10 top models ... but there was an unwritten rule that only one of them could be black , " Banks said . "  And Naomi was that one black girl . " Campbell added in 2013 , "  It does irk me that two women of color have to be pitted against each other . ... I 'm very proud of Tyra and what she 's done with ` America 's Next Top Model . ' I 'm proud of her ; I 'm proud to know her . " Likewise , model Iman told Time in 2003 that when she arrived in New York in 1975 to model , she "  learned that magazines would only use one black girl at a time , and they were trying to create a competition between us . " Davis has received plenty of acclaim for her work in films and began drawing even more awards buzz from almost the moment she debuted as tough-as-nails law professor Annalise Keating on "  How to Get Away With Murder . " Washington , meanwhile , has reigned as a fan favorite during the four seasons of her hit show "  Scandal . " In 2013 , she was saluted for being the first black woman to lead a weekly TV series since Diahann Carroll starred in "  Julia , " which premiered in 1968 . Washington 's absence from this year 's nominations was very quickly noted . Debra Birnbaum , executive editor for TV for Variety , tweeted , "  Another early morning , another awards snub for @kerrywashington . I 'm getting tired of complaining about it . #scandal . " Another fan tweeted , "  And again how is @kerrywashington not nominated for @ScandalABC ?! It 's baffling to me . Congrats on the nom Viola Davis . #GlodenGlobes . " Writing for The Wrap , Jethro Nededog noted Wednesday that the SAG nomination for Davis but not Washington may have illuminated the lingering diversity problem in Hollywood . He said it was not that Washington was n't deserving this time around , because "  At the top of the game for TV 's dramatic actresses , she should have been a shoo-in for a SAG nomination again this year . " "  Of course , Washington 's nomination history for a SAG award is n't as deep as the one she has for the Emmys , which she received nominations for in 2013 and 2014 . And the Golden Globes also saw fit to nominate her only once before , in 2014 , just like the SAGs , " Nededog wrote . "  But if it 's true that there 's only room for one black leading actress in the run for awards , then Hollywood is n't as progressive-minded as we believe ourselves to be . " Both shows are tied to Shonda Rhimes , who holds the distinction of being the most powerful woman of color in Hollywood . Rhimes rules Thursday nights on ABC , with "  Scandal "  which she created  and "  How to Get Away With Murder "  which she executive produced  airing back to back . Known for building in diversity , both of color and of sexuality , into her projects , Rhimes told the New York Times in September that she saw nothing unique in the lineup . "  I 'm not sitting around going , ` Wow , it 's historic to have two black women on television , ' " Rhimes said . "  I do n't think it 's odd to see two black women standing in the same place because , well , that 's my house . Like , it 's not a thing . To me , it just feels like Tuesday . "	Viola Davis was nominated for awards this season , but Kerry Washington was not Both star in TV shows tied to producer Shonda Rhimes Maybe Hollywood is n't as progressive as it thinks , one writer says
CNN  -- An announcement on Tuesday marked , quite literally , a watershed moment in the history of solar system exploration . NASA scientists said an analysis of drilled rock samples collected by the Curiosity rover shows that ancient Mars could have supported living microbes . It is the first time that we 've discovered actual evidence for fresh water on another planet . We 've been down this watery path before -- sort of . Back in 2004 , NASA 's Opportunity rover found evidence of ancient water on Mars . For a place to be habitable by life as we know it , it has to have liquid water , heat sources like volcanoes or impact craters , and carbon-bearing organic molecules . NASA : Yes , Mars could have hosted life Mars had abundant volcanoes and impacts early on , and Opportunity rover scientists finally found smoking gun evidence for the ancient liquid water . What that rover could n't tell us was whether Mars had organic molecules . But organic molecules get delivered to planets all the time from impacts by small and large asteroids and comets  like February 's fireball impact above Chelyabinsk , Russia  , providing the last key ingredient for habitability . That argument sealed the deal back in 2004 : Mars was habitable . Cool ! But the evidence we found in the rocks back then prescribed a very specific kind of habitable environment , and one that many biologists think is quite rare and special . The rocks contained abundant sulfur minerals , implying that the water in which they formed contained sulfuric acid . On Earth there are micro-organisms that can live , and even thrive , in acidic water , even battery acid . But these are rare and specialized niche organisms , what biologists call "  extremophiles , " because they love extreme environmental conditions . Still , extreme conditions or not , it meant that Mars could have been habitable for some forms of life . Now fast-forward to 2013 , where in the past few weeks the Curiosity rover has been drilling into some different rocks half a planet away , inside a deep basin formed by the Gale impact crater . Armed with more sophisticated analysis tools than earlier rover teams , Curiosity scientists have been able to conclusively find the first on-the-ground evidence for the presence of abundant clay minerals within those drilled rocks . Clays are water-loving materials  just ask any friends who make pottery  , sometimes forming from the interaction of water and different kinds of precursor volcanic rocks , and holding much of that water within their mineral structures . But here 's the catch : Clay minerals are easily dissolved in acidic water . Because they are preserved in the Gale crater still today , it implies that the water there had relatively little acidity -- that is , it was fresh water , like the water you 'd find in most ponds or lakes on Earth today . Indeed , there 's geologic evidence from the rover and from NASA 's Mars orbiters that there may once have been a large lake and streams within the basin that Curiosity is driving around in now . And there 's more to be excited about . Micro-organisms on Earth are much more common in fresh water than acidic water , and so rather than Mars just having been a potential haven for some extreme forms of life , Curiosity 's discovery means that Mars had -- and still preserves evidence of -- environments that were habitable for an enormous variety of micro-organisms that thrive on our own planet . It seems as though NASA or other space agencies "  rediscover " water on Mars every few years , so maybe this latest announcement will be regarded as just more of the same . But this time it 's different -- really ! The stakes have just been raised a notch : Not only is there another planet right next door in our own solar system that had habitable environments on its surface long ago , but there appear to have been common and recognizable -- perhaps even Earthlike -- environments on Mars . That 's the big news coming out of this latest discovery from NASA 's Mars rovers . Curiosity is only about a quarter of the way through its primary mission , so there 's lots of time to search for more watery evidence , as well as for any elusive associated organic molecules , which have yet to be found . Because of abundant solar ultraviolet radiation at the surface , organic molecules might not be preserved as well as clay minerals . But Curiosity has the tools , and the brainpower back here on Earth , to find out . The implications of discovering evidence for fresh water are exciting for macro-organisms as well : Rover chief scientist John Grotzinger of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory has speculated that we would have been able to drink that ancient water , had we been there some 2 , 3 , or 4 billion years ago to witness glorious Lake Gale . Imagine that . Let 's go back in time -- how would you like your water ? Sparkling , fresh , or Martian ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jim Bell .	NASA announced on Tuesday that ancient Mars could have supported living microbes Jim Bell : This is quite literally a watershed moment in the history of solar system exploration He says it is the first time that we 've discovered evidence for fresh water on another planet Bell : Curiosity rover is not done with its mission ; it may find even more interesting things
CNN  A judge has vacated the conviction of a 14-year-old boy who was executed for allegedly killing two girls some 70 years ago in South Carolina . The judgment against George Stinney , the youngest person to be executed by an American state since the 1800s , effectively exonerates the boy , said family attorney Matt Burgess . A black teen in the Jim Crow South , Stinney was accused of murdering two white girls , ages 7 and 11 , as they hunted for wildflowers in Alcolu , about 50 miles southeast of Columbia . Stinney , according to police , confessed to the crime . No witness or evidence that might vindicate him was presented during a trial that was over in fewer than three hours . An all-white jury convicted him in a flash , 10 minutes . "  Given the particularized circumstances of Stinney 's case , I find by a preponderance of the evidence standard , that a violation of the Defendant 's procedural due process rights tainted his prosecution , " wrote Circuit Judge Carmen Tevis Mullen in her decision , dated Tuesday . She said that sentencing a 14-year-old to the death penalty constitutes cruel and unusual punishment . Earlier this year , attorneys for Stinney 's family had asked for a new trial , saying the boy 's confession was coerced and that Stinney had an alibi , his sister , Amie Ruffner , who claims she was with Stinney when the murders occurred . Ruffner , Stinney 's sister , told CNN affiliate WLTX that she and Stinney saw Betty June Binnicker , 11 , and Mary Emma Thames , 7 , the day they died . Stinney and Ruffner were tending to their family 's cow near some railroad tracks close to their home . "  They said , ` Could you tell us where we could find some maypops ? ' " Ruffner recalled . "  We said , ` No , ' and they went on about their business . " The girls were found the next day in a water-logged ditch with injuries to their head . Mary had a 2-inch laceration above her right eyebrow and a vertical laceration over her left , according to a 1944 medical examiners ' report . Ruffner told WLTX , police took Stinney and another of her brothers away in handcuffs while their parents were not at home . One brother was released , she said , while Stinney faced police questioning without his parents or a lawyer . The police "  were looking for someone to blame it on , so they used my brother as a scapegoat , " Ruffner said . CNN 's David Mattingly contributed to this report .	Stinney was executed for killing two girls some 70 years ago in South Carolina A judge rules a violation of his due process rights "  tainted his prosecution " She says sentencing a 14-year-old to death constitutes cruel and unusual punishment
The sales pitch was passionate : sprawling land along a desolate stretch of Oregon highway , ready to be turned into a pay-as-you-go terrorist training camp . "  It looks just like Afghanistan , " wrote Earnest James Ujaama in his letter to prominent London cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri . Ujaama asked for trainers in both the physical and spiritual aspects of holy war to be sent from London , so fighters could be readied for the Afghanistan frontlines for a hefty per-person fee . Ujaama is a pivotal witness against al-Masri in his federal trial on terrorism-related charges and testified in a Manhattan courtroom Wednesday about his bumbling efforts to start an al Qaeda-style training camp in the United States . The Egyptian-born al-Masri , whose fiery rhetoric allegedly set the likes of failed "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid and 9/11 hijacker Mohammed Atta on the path to radicalization , was extradited to the United States in 2012 after an extended legal battle . Among the allegations against him is the claim he aided in terrorism efforts by sending two men carrying cash and training materials to Oregon in response to Ujaama 's pitch . He could face life in prison if convicted . Defense lawyer Joshua Dratel told the jury during his opening statement that no evidence shows his client gave directions or orders relating to the alleged crimes . Rather , he was merely a "  commenter on events and issues " when he praised Osama bin Laden in his sermons and celebrated the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . "  These are ideas , not acts , " he said . "  These are expressions , not crimes . " During his testimony Wednesday , Ujaama said his letter to al-Masri promised scores of eager recruits who had already pledged their loyalty to the preacher , along with a hillside hiding place and personal security detail when he arrived at the camp . They were amassing stockpiles of weapons and building living facilities , even a mosque , Ujaama wrote . In reality , only two run-down trailers sat atop the barren ranch land , but Ujaama reasoned that things could be taken one step at a time : "  If he accepted it , I 'd know I had a buy-in and I 'd start building . " Al-Masri 's presence was crucial to getting the cash flow started , he testified . "  He 'd be the star attraction . " When Ujaama called al-Masri to confirm he had received the detailed note and draft for a camp advertising flier , al-Masri first berated him for being careless and risking law enforcement interception , testified Ujaama , who faxed his letter to the high-profile British mosque leader from a Kinko 's near his home in Tacoma , Washington . Al-Masri nevertheless agreed to support the transatlantic venture , Ujaama said . Another witness , Eva Hatley , whose husband owned the property , testified last week she had envisioned it as a "  kitchen farm " where women from their Seattle Muslim community could come to learn to grow vegetables , canning and raising animals . Hatley and her former friend Angela Morris said Ujaama arrived with al-Masri 's men in December 1999 and that the pair 's apparent leader was a physically imposing , temperamental man who claimed to have served as Osama bin Laden 's bodyguard . When he saw the conditions at the ranch , he flew into a rage . "  He was very upset . There were no men , there were no weapons , there was no hole for Abu Hamza , " Hatley testified . She said the men discussed a plan to kill Ujaama and take his pregnant wife hostage until she gave birth to their child , after which they would kill her as well and take the infant . Despite the disappointing state of affairs , al-Masri ordered the men to stay and continue the effort for several weeks , Hatley testified . They conducted perimeter checks and did calisthenics , and once made Morris ' mentally disabled teen brother kneel in the dirt for a throat-slitting demonstration , according to testimony . Hatley decided she had finally had enough when the men demanded she use a password to exit her own doublewide trailer , the soft-spoken woman testified . "  I got in his face about that , " she said . Not long after that , the men abandoned the effort and returned to Europe . After his 2002 arrest , Ujaama himself faced charges of aiding terrorists through the Oregon plot and escorting a recruit from London to training in Afghanistan , allegedly on orders from al-Masri . He was released in 2010 as part of an agreement to testify for the government . The trial of al-Masri opened less than a month after Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , was found guilty in the same Manhattan federal courthouse of helping al Qaeda members conspire to kill Americans and providing material support to terrorists . Prosecutors said Abu Ghaith , a Kuwaiti cleric , played a crucial role as the organization 's principal mouthpiece and recruiter , helping "  restore al Qaeda 's trove of new terrorists " as deadly missions turned its members into martyrs . Al-Masri cuts an unusual figure in the courtroom ; missing one eye and both hands , he wears an occasional writing prosthesis on his right forearm rather than the infamous hook-like device he 's often seen sporting in photographs . Opting for comfort , he asked his attorneys for sweat pants and T-shirts for the proceedings rather than a suit . He has said he plans to testify in his on defense . Ujaama resumes his testimony on Thursday .	London cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri is on trial in federal court on terrorism-related charges Al-Masri backed a plan to establish a terrorist training camp in Oregon , witness testifies Al-Masri sent two representatives to the land , the owner 's wife tells jury
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's publicist wants you to know that , despite a tabloid report to the contrary , the 50-year-old singer "  is in fine health . " Michael Jackson 's spokesman says reports of the singer 's ill health "  are a total fabrication . " The United Kingdom 's Sun newspaper started a stir Monday morning when it quoted the author of an upcoming book about Jackson saying he was battling a potentially fatal disease that required a life-saving lung transplant . Other papers echoed the Sun 's thinly-sourced story and the rumor spread quickly through Internet message boards . By Monday afternoon , Jackson 's spokesman issued a response that said "  The writer 's wild allegations concerning Mr. Jackson 's health are a total fabrication . " "  Mr. Jackson is in fine health , and finalizing negotiations with a major entertainment company & television network for both a world tour and a series of specials and appearances , " said Dr. Tohme Tohme , identified as Jackson 's "  official and sole spokesperson . " The original report quoted writer Ian Halperin saying Jackson 's illness had robbed him of 95-percent of the vision in one eye and that he needed a lung transplant "  but may be too weak to go through with it . " Jackson 's reclusive lifestyle -- and a photo earlier this year of him being pushed in a wheelchair -- created a fertile ground for the planting of the rumor . Tohme suggested Halperin 's motive was to get attention for his book about Jackson . "  Concerning this author 's allegations , we would hope in the future that legitimate media will not continue to be exploited by such an obvious attempt to promote this unauthorized ` biography , ' " Tohme said . The Sun 's report attempted to bolster its source 's credibility by calling Halperin "  an award-winning investigative journalist " who has "  written for respected Rolling Stone magazine . " Halperin 's biography on his publisher 's Web site claimed he was the winner of the "  Rolling Stone magazine Award for Investigative Journalism . " Rolling Stone magazine responded Monday afternoon by denying Halperin ever won that honor , but did note he was on a school newspaper staff in 1985 that collectively received the "  College Journalism Award " from the magazine . Halperin has made a career writing about Hollywood scandals and the trouble lives of various celebrities , often claiming to have gone undercover to penetrate their inner-circles . The Jackson story was off the Sun 's online front page by Monday evening . Instead , the paper featured a shirtless photo of President-elect Barack Obama on a Hawaii beach with the headline : "  As President Elect Goes Topless , How Do World Leaders Shape Up ? "	UK 's Sun newspaper ran report saying Jackson battles a potentially fatal disease Report quoted writer Ian Halperin saying Jackson needed lung transplant Jackson story was off the Sun 's online front page by Monday evening
CNN  -- Elephant seals equipped with electronic tags and robotic mini submarines using sonar were just two projects during the International Polar Year  IPY  that aimed to investigate the effects of global warming in polar regions . An elephant seal with a custom-designed electronic tag . The tags fell off when the animals molted . The fourth IPY , which began in March 2007 and actually covered two full years , ended last month , after 160 scientific projects were undertaken by researchers from over 60 countries . A joint project by the International Council for Science  ICSW  and World Meteorological Organization .  WMO  , the IPY hoped to spearhead efforts to better monitor and understand the Arctic and Antarctic regions . The project had international funding of about US$ 1.2 billion over the two-year period . "  The International Polar Year 2007/2008 came at a crossroads for the planet 's future , " said Michel Jarraud , Secretary-General of WMO in a press statement . "  The new evidence resulting from polar research will strengthen the scientific basis on which we build future actions . " Researchers found that in the Arctic during the summers of 2007 and 2008 , the minimum extent of year-round sea ice decreased to its lowest level since satellite records began 30 years ago . According to a report published by the IPY organizing committee in February , their research indicates that global warming is affecting Antarctica in ways not previously identified . Other evidence of climate change came from IPY research vessels that found warming waters in the Southern Ocean and an increase in melting ice that is creating fresher bottom water around the coast of Antarctica . Among efforts to study the effects of climate change on Antarctica , was aNorwegian Polar Institute project to study marine mammals . Custom-designed tags were attached to elephant seals to study the animals ' habits , although researcher realized the tags could also help with field research on climate change . The electronic tags -- which fell off when the seals molted -- sent back data on temperature and salinity the oceans around Antarctica , particularly around the Fimbul Ice Shelf in east Antarctica . While ice-shelf melt has been recorded in the west of Antarctica , scientists are concerned that it could happen in the east as well . Another project to study the underside of an Antarctic glacier deployed an autonomous robot submarine . The team from the U.S. and British Antarctic Survey sent the "  Autosub " on six missions to study the Pine Island Glacier and how changes in ocean temperature were affecting the West Antarctic Ice Sheet . Using sonar , the submarine picked its way around the glacier and sent back data that created three-dimensional maps that scientists used to determine where and how the warmth of the ocean waters was melting the glacier 's base . "  If -LSB- the West Antarctic Ice Sheet -RSB- were to melt completely , global sea levels would rise by as much as 5 meters , " said Stan Jacobs , the U.S. lead scientist on the project . "  Because so little is known about ice-sheet behavior , this research will take us a step further in understanding how ice sheets will contribute to sea-level rise . "	Scientists using robot submarines and elephant seals equipped with electronic tags The projects ' aim is to study effects of climate change on Antarctica The International Polar Year ended last month after two years of research The IPY featured 160 scientific projects by researchers from over 60 countries
The U.S. Department of Education has opened an investigation into the handling of sexual assault cases at the University of North Carolina at the request of current and former students , and a former administrator who say the university has long turned a blind eye to such allegations . "  We love UNC , " said Annie Clark , the lead complainant . "  We 're not trying to vilify the university , we 're just trying to make it better . " Clark and other students named in this report agreed to be identified by CNN , which does not typically identify the victims of sexual assault . The investigation comes amid outrage on campus and nationwide over intimidation charges filed in the Chapel Hill , North Carolina , school 's student-run honor court against one of the women involved in the complaint . Investigators from the Department of Education 's Office for Civil Rights will look into the women 's allegations that school administrators brushed aside concerns about sexual violence on campus and failed to adequately investigate complaints of sexual assault , according to a March 1 letter sent to Clark by the agency . In a separate complaint filed with the Education Department , the women say the school also violated federal laws requiring universities to fully disclose crimes on campus . In an e-mailed statement , a UNC spokeswoman said the school would cooperate with the investigation . School administrators have disputed the cavalier attitude toward sexual assault alleged by the students , noting that UNC has removed sexual violence cases from the list of concerns handled by the school 's student-run honor court and appointed an administrator to deal directly with victims . "  The university cares deeply about all of its students and is committed to providing policies and procedures that are fair for everyone , especially about an issue that is as difficult and often involves strong opinions on both sides like sexual assault , " UNC spokeswoman Karen Moon said in an e-mailed statement . Clark began researching sexual assault issues on campus when she realized there was no clear reporting system for sexual violence at the school after she said she was assaulted in 2007 . Clark said she did not know her rapist and she did not report the incident to police . "  I went to one administrator , and she told me , ` Rape is like football . And if you look back in the game , would you have done anything differently , ' " Clark said . Three other students , all of whom said they also had been sexually assaulted , joined the complaint , as did an assistant dean for students , Melinda Manning , who resigned in December . As they investigated , Clark said they found example after example of the school failing to properly address sexual assault . "  The university not only had knowledge of actual violations , but they acted with that knowledge to sweep violations under the rug , " she said . The tension over sexual violence claims at UNC was most recently on display in February , when it became public that honor court charges were being pressed against one of the complainants , Landen Gambill . The court 's student prosecutors had earlier declined to proceed with a case alleging honor code violations by Gambill 's ex-boyfriend , whom she had accused of rape . Gambill did not file a sexual assault report with police , and Gambill 's ex-boyfriend -- who has not been identified publicly -- has denied her accusation , according to his attorney , John Gresham . The man then asked the court to consider intimidation charges against Gambill , saying her accusations had negatively changed perceptions of him on campus and was making life difficult for him at school . In a statement last month , UNC Chancellor Holden Thorp said school officials had not encouraged the man to file a case against Gambill . "  This university works hard to encourage students to come forward and report instances of sexual violence , " Thorp said in the statement . "  No student has ever been disciplined for reporting a sexual assault or any honor code violation . Further , no university administrator filed or encouraged the filing of charges in this case ; there is no retaliation by the university . " Since the controversy burst into the open , the school has changed its policies to take sexual assault cases out of the honor court 's jurisdiction and has hired an administrator to be the primary contact for sexual assault victims on campus . It 's unclear how long the Education Department investigation might take , but Clark said she and the other students expect a "  long , difficult , grueling experience . " "  But it will all be worth it in the long run , " she said . Another of the complainants , Andrea Pino , said she hopes the case will spark a change in how all schools respond to complaints of sexual violence among students . "  I hope that this will serve as a wake-up call to not just UNC , but universities across the country , " she said . "  The time has come for all survivors of sexual violence to demand change and justice . "	Students say the University of North Carolina sweeps sex assault claims under the rug Administrators say they take such claims seriously The Education Department will investigate the women 's claims "  We 're not trying to vilify the university ... just trying to make it better , " one student says
CNN  -- Kenyan police have detained a suspect in connection with the killing of a British tourist and the kidnapping of his wife , police spokesman Charles Owino told CNN Tuesday . The attack happened at a remote safari lodge on the coast , near the border with Somalia . About 12:30 a.m. Sunday , bandits attacked the couple , who were staying at Kiwayu Safari Village , a tourist resort on Kiwayu Island in Kiyunga division of Lamu west district on the coast , Kenyan police said . During the attack , David Tebbut was shot dead and his wife , Judith Tebbut , was abducted , police said . The couple had arrived at the hotel Saturday afternoon after spending a week in the Masai Mara game reserve in southwestern Kenya . They were the sole guests in the hotel , which has cloth doors . "  From what we can be able to gather , he resisted , and that 's why he was shot dead , " Kenyan Police Commissioner Mathew Iteere said Sunday . "  Maybe they wanted to take the two , but he resisted and that 's why he was shot dead . " Iteere said the motive was not known . "  We are treating it just as a bandit attack , " he said . A travel website lists rates at the 18-cottage resort as beginning at $ 400 per night . A maritime security source aware of the situation said Sunday that Islamic militants probably took Judith Tebbut by boat toward Ras Kamboni in Somalia . From CNN 's Divina Mims	Police say a suspect linked to the killing of a British tourist was detained The dead man 's wife was kidnapped The attack happened Sunday at a remote safari lodge
CNN  -- I wish the titans of Wall Street could meet Mark Dalton . Not that it would be likely to change anything . But I wish the leaders of Goldman Sachs and of the other big banking firms could talk to Mark Dalton for just a few minutes . They might learn a few things about how to better connect with the American people . I did n't know Dalton 's last name until a few days ago . For almost two years , I 've held onto something he mailed to me . There was no reason not to throw it out , yet I had a feeling that someday I 'd want to refer to it . That day is now . With the public 's wariness of Wall Street growing , with Goldman Sachs being accused of fraud by the Securities and Exchange Commission  even as Goldman was announcing first-quarter profits of $ 3.46 billion , nearly twice as much as in the first quarter a year ago  , with investors wondering if they 're being given a fair shake by the firms to which they have entrusted their money , Mark Dalton 's way of doing business might be worthy of at least a moment 's attention . I came across him quite by chance . I occasionally purchase used books -- titles that have gone out of print . Sometimes I will place my orders through Amazon.com , which offers an online marketplace for local used-book merchants around the country . In 2008 , I found a book I was looking for on that Amazon marketplace , and submitted an order . The price was more than reasonable : $ 6.95 for the used hardcover . Used books are not shipped by Amazon itself , but by the local booksellers . A week or so after I placed the order , the package arrived , from High View Books in Smithfield , Rhode Island . The book seemed to be in good shape . I was pleased . But with it was a personal letter to me . It said : "  Thank your for your recent book order . I have enclosed a check to you for $ 2.95 . The reason for this is that this book is only in ` Very Good ' condition , while I mistakenly described it as being in ` Near Fine ' condition in my listing . Please accept my apologies for the error .  Also , please note , the soiling that you see on the dust jacket is actually on the Mylar and not the dust jacket itself .  " He wrote that he hoped his apology and the refund were satisfactory . Sure enough , tucked into the book was a check made out to me , for $ 2.95 . I was surprised by the gesture . Yes , in his online listing for the book he had said it was in "  Near Fine " condition , but who really knows what those designations mean ? You see them all the time describing used books : "  Fair , " "  Good , " "  Very Good , " "  Near Fine , " "  Fine " -- they would seem to be approximations . I had no complaints about the condition of the book I had bought from him . If I had paid $ 6.95 , and he had refunded $ 2.95 , and Amazon had taken its commission , how was he supposed to make a living ? I mailed his check back to him , thanking him for it and telling him how impressed I was with the way he did business . I told him I could not accept the refund . And for some reason , I could n't toss the letter . It made me feel hopeful about certain things . With Wall Street losing people 's confidence in recent days over the way it is alleged to treat its customers ' money , I got the letter out again . He had just signed it "  Mark at High View Books " ; I was able to find him in Smithfield , which is how I found out that he was Mark Dalton . He seemed as surprised to be hearing from me as I was when I had gotten his refund check . He 's 42 years old ; High View Drive is the street on which he lives , and his used books -- about 4,000 of them at last count -- are kept in his garage . Business , he said , is not so good . "  I 'm pretty small-time , " he said . "  When I first started doing this about three years ago , I was selling 15 or 20 books a day . But now , that 's down to 15 or 20 books every few days . " He said that his wife is a schoolteacher ; without her salary , he could n't make it . He said he tries to run his business professionally and in good faith , but is finding that the results "  are pretty pathetic , dollar-wise . " I asked him the question that had been in the back of my mind since I first heard from him : As he was struggling to make a living , why , exactly , on my $ 6.95 order , had he decided to send me that refund check for $ 2.95 ? He could n't have been making much of a profit on the order in the first place . "  I just try to do things right , " he said . "  When I went to mail that book to you , I must have noticed that it was n't in as good a condition as I had promised on my Amazon listing . I want my customers to be happy and to believe I 'm being fair with them . " Such a simple proposition . Yet with the financial news we 've become conditioned to reading about ... . I asked Dalton if he had been following the recent reports from Wall Street . He said he had . "  I suppose if you 're in charge of a multi-billion dollar bank -- billions in profits , millions in bonuses -- maybe you can lose sight of where you came from , " he said . As for his own business : "  I know I 'm doing it right in how I treat my customers , and that gives me peace of mind , but it 's not generating the results I had hoped . " He said he is considering looking for some other kind of work . I thanked him again for that letter he had sent to me two years ago , and he thanked me again for remembering . By his own admission , as a businessman he lacks the killer instinct , the appetite for working the angles ; he would undoubtedly be an abject failure on Wall Street . If only it were n't so . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Wall Street is being accused of shady business practices Greene : Book dealer demonstrates how a business can care for customers Greene says the dealer sent an unsolicited refund when there was really no need to do so Book dealer says he wants customers to be happy and to believe he 's fair
Aboard A U.S. Military Aircraft  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates stepped out of a helicopter at Amman Airport in Jordan . He smiled at his staff and the cameras , raised his hands and said , "  Let 's go home . " Moments later , the "  Doomsday Plane , " his link to the Pentagon and the White House from wherever he is in the world , rolled down the tarmac and climbed into a sunny sky . The 67-year-old secretary is on his way out of government after serving eight presidents , but he has n't announced a departure date yet other than saying it will be this year . And these regular trips are intensive , long days for the former career intelligence professional -- walking the beat , embracing allies , bolstering morale and getting his own fix on the troubles of the day . Gates ended his latest overseas jaunt -- a six-day trip to Russia and the Middle East -- by traveling by helicopter from Amman Airport to Jordan 's Royal Palace for a private , no-cameras-allowed meeting with King Abdullah . He said privately , according to aides , what he had been saying publicly on the trip -- that the upheaval across the Middle East was serving up challenges and opportunities , and the key was to sort them out . Overshadowing his stops in Russia , Egypt and Israel was the U.S. and coalition military operation over Libya . He delayed his planned departure on this trip for a day at the start of the air attacks . While in Russia , he found himself in the middle of a political dispute over the Libyan mission . Aides informed him when a U.S. fighter jet and two aviators went down and were rescued near Benghazi . He was briefed on every development as the U.S. Air Force and Navy led the airstrikes . And while many on his plane dozed or ate their meatloaf and mashed potatoes on the flight back to Washington on Friday , Gates was linked to the White House and a National Security Council conference call for the latest deliberations on the military , diplomatic and political calculus of enforcing the Libyan mission . Gates will make appearances on the Sunday talk show circuit and visit Capitol Hill in the coming days to offer public and private explanations of how the U.S. military performed . And perhaps he also will speak about his view of the future . But on the trip , in public statements , and in talking to traveling and local journalists , he was careful and diplomatic . He dispensed with each question about "  the endgame " of the Libyan missions by saying the goals are clear : creation and enforcement of the no-fly zone and protection of Libyan civilians . About targeting Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , about working in concert with Libyan rebels , about the risk of a military stalemate , Gates would n't bite , saying the future there is for the Libyans themselves to decide . Gates told America 's Middle East allies that Washington stands by them . In Cairo , he repeated his praise for the Egyptian military for keeping that country from going over the brink in the mass protests that toppled President Hosni Mubarak just last month . He arrived in Israel just after a bus stop bombing in Jerusalem and continuing rocket attacks in the south . Gates repeated the standard line that the U.S. commitment was unshakeable and used the code words for continued aid , saying that the United States would ensure Israel 's qualitative military edge . On his last day , he moved briskly from photo-op to meetings . The first stop was the old Roman town of Caesarea , a luxury hotel where guests gawked at the motorcade and the heavily armed , plain-clothes Israeli agents standing watch . Inside , Gates met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who promised that the recent terrorism would be answered with what he called "  great force and great determination to put a stop to it . " And there was also mention of the elusive goal of a peace agreement , with Netanyahu adding , "  we seek to establish security for the establishment of peace . " Gates offered his condolences to the families of the victims of the terror attack and those enduring the rocket attacks in southern Israel . Next stop for Gates , after a wild convoy ride through Israeli traffic , was the West Bank , and a reminder of how many administrations have tried and failed to nudge the sides toward Mideast peace . Now in an armored SUV , he crossed over to newly constructed Palestinian Authority offices in Ramallah . In the diplomatic game , where symbols can substitute for substance , Gates acknowledged that his presence alone made history . "  I understand I 'm the first American secretary of defense to visit Ramallah , " Gates told the Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad . At the end of his remarks before the assembled media , before a 50-minute closed-door meeting , Gates added that he looked forward to discussing the central -- but elusive -- element of U.S. peace proposals for Israel and the Palestinians , a two-state solution . Later , in Ramallah , crowds of people leaving a mosque at the end of Friday prayers watched the Gates convoy glide past , as the secretary raced on to his next meeting and on to Washington .	Robert Gates recently completed a six-day trip abroad He is due to step down at some point this year He has served eight presidents over his career
Washington  CNN  -- Apparently President Barack Obama does n't need an iPad ; he 's got an aide for that : iReggie . At the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation  APEC  leaders ' retreat in Yokohama , Japan , on Saturday , a print pool reporter was within earshot of a brief exchange between the president and an iPad owner , Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva . "  So you like your iPad ? " Obama asked . The Thai leader nodded and asked Obama if he had one . "  These days mostly I have someone carrying my books . So that 's my iPad , " Obama said , referring to personal aide Reggie Love . Obama said as much in a New York Times interview last month . "  I have an iReggie , who has my books , my newspapers , my music all in one place , " he told the newspaper . Not everyone has an arsenal of human apps like the president 's : a personal aide , several advisers , cabinet secretaries , a press shop and military leaders at his beck and call . Obama may not have a personal iPad , but he 's not too disconnected from Apple 's latest technological craze . According to the pool reporter , Jonathan Weisman , the president told Abhisit that he recently bought an iPad for first lady Michelle Obama . At a rally in Seattle last month , the president was approached by someone with an iPad that said , "  Mr. President , sign my iPad . " Obama penned his signature with the swipe of a finger instead of a pen . Obama is the first president to carry a smartphone with Internet and e-mail access , but the public rarely sees him using his BlackBerry . He may be considered tech-savvy , but the Oval Office is n't . The president 's Resolute Desk , the large wooden partner 's desk built from the timbers of the British exploration ship Resolute , has a telephone but conspicuously no computer . So what does the president do when he needs one ? On at least one occasion , the president borrowed his personal secretary 's computer . The White House posted a photo of the president sitting at personal secretary Katie Johnson 's desk . He was due to deliver remarks that day and made last-minute edits on her computer . Maybe there 's not an app for everything .	Obama and other world leaders are in Japan for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit A pool reporter hears Obama and the Thai prime minister talk about iPads The Oval Office has a phone , but no computer
Washington  CNN  -- The black-robed figure stares straight ahead , stalwart and silent , his head nodding appreciatively . He carries a big stick , which happens to have an American flag attached . And the man proudly stands on a toy truck and a pair of pizza boxes . Say hello to the Justice Clarence Thomas Annotated Bobblehead , about the closest thing a member of the Supreme Court gets to collectible immortality . The sought-after doll -- it 's OK to call them dolls -- is the latest release in a pantheon of justices past and present honored in cold-cast ceramic . "  We have fun doing this , but it is a respectful project , " said Ross Davies , a law professor at George Mason University in Virginia and the creator of the series . "  The rule of the bobblehead toy is that it 's not a joke . There 's a lesson here . We 're trying , in some way , to portray the important work of the court . " The 6-inch limited edition figures originated eight years ago with then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist . Davies arranged to have the bobblehead just appear on his desk blotter one morning . Court sources say the chief justice loved it so much , he kept it in his office . Seven other current or recent justices have since been immortalized in pop culture history . The Thomas doll will be released in the fall , tied to the 20th anniversary of his service on the high court . It is not sold in stores , available only to subscribers of Davies ' engaging law journal The Green Bag  www.greenbag.org  . Other legal aid groups also have been provided free copies , for nonprofit fundraising and promotion . They have become real collectors items for the small but influential constitutional and appellate law community . Former law clerks of the honored justices in particular have been known to use all influence possible to secure the keepsake . "  We make them for the joy of it , and then we give them away , " Davies said . Thomas is portrayed with the meticulous care that emphasizes his particular jurisprudence . In the 63-year-old justice 's case , it 's his views on federalism , the idea that the Constitution should be interpreted today as the founders had envisioned , rejecting calls by some progressives that the document should be considered in the current ever-changing social and political context . The flag Thomas is holding refers to a concurrence in a 2004 case over whether the Pledge of Allegiance should be recited by children in public schools . The jackknifed blue truck refers to a 1995 opinion written by Thomas dealing with whether individual lawsuits in state courts against a company over a pair of serious accidents would interfere with existing federal law . And the pizza box was inspired by his famous quote on a case over whether cable firms had to open their lines to high-speed Internet competition . "  One can pick up a pizza rather than having it delivered , and one can own a dog without buying a leash , " Thomas wrote in 2005 . "  By contrast , the  Federal Communications  Commission reasonably concluded , a consumer can not purchase Internet service without also purchasing a connection to the Internet . " "  The hard part when designing the bobbleheads is to visually depict the court and its work , " said Steve McAllister , a University of Kansas Law School professor who collaborated on the design . "  The court is so serious -- big cases and controversial decisions . This is a more light-hearted approach , a way to illustrate their work in a fun but intellectually thoughtful way . " McAllister also clerked for Thomas in his first year on the court in 1991 . Court sources say the justice was especially impressed and amused with his image and the highlighted jurisprudence . Unlike the mass-produced bobbleheads , each justice is personally presented with just one of two handmade versions of their head-swiveling likeness . Next up for bobblefication is Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , perhaps next year . But at least one other member of the court has received the pop memorabilia treatment : Sonia Sotomayor was the subject of a comic book last year -- "  Female Force " -- chronicling her pioneering work as the nation 's first Latina justice . Sadly , she was portrayed wearing her robe rather than a cape with a Superwoman-like "  S " on it . Justices go on business trips too Italy . Austria . Canada . Switzerland . Resorts in Lake Tahoe and Geneva . Summer means quiet days at the Supreme Court as the justices enjoy their nearly three-month recess . But away from the bench , few have time to laze around the house on a "  stay-cation . " Travel plans will take most of the court around the world on separate teaching and speaking stints . Justice Antonin Scalia may be the busiest . He will conduct several classes this month in the Swiss Alps at the Geneva Institute in Transnational Law , co-sponsored by Duke University . In September , he does the same for a Federalist Society seminar on "  Separation of Powers " at a fancy resort in California 's Sierra Nevada . Scalia and colleague Justice Samuel Alito will lead separate study-abroad stints in Rome for law students . Italy seems to be a popular destination . Chief Justice John Roberts conducts a law class in Florence , sponsored by Penn State University . And in neighboring Austria , Justice Anthony Kennedy continues his annual summer teaching symposium in quaint Salzburg . Justice Stephen Breyer will also rack up many air miles . He also goes to Toronto and Vermont for speeches and then to Fargo , North Dakota , where he 'll dedicate a new high school . He also recently appeared with former colleague Sandra Day O'Connor at the Aspen Ideas Festival . Ginsburg also spoke at this gathering of newsmakers , and Justice Elena Kagan visits the Rockies resort town next month . Under federal guidelines , members of the high court can accept up to $ 25,000 or so in extra income for teaching and speaking engagements , in addition to their judicial salaries of $ 213,900 . Roberts earns a little extra : $ 223,000 . It is not known whether Sotomayor will be traveling to exotic locales . She will be busy this summer trying to finish her autobiography , after signing a lucrative book deal last year that included a $ 1.175 million advance . As for Thomas , he prefers to spend his free time tooling around the U.S. with his wife , Ginni , in their 40-foot recreational vehicle . You might spot them at a local Wal-Mart parking lot or a campsite . They have visited more than 30 states in recent years .	Seven current or recent justices have been made into dolls Thomas doll will be released this fall in honor of his 20th anniversary on court Justices rack up the airline miles with summer engagements
CNN  -- Aaron Sorkin , the celebrated screenwriter whose punchy dialogue propelled TV 's "  The West Wing " and the Facebook movie "  The Social Network , " will write and direct an upcoming film on the life of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs . Sony Pictures has confirmed that Sorkin will adapt "  Steve Jobs , " the in-depth biography of the tech icon that was written by Walter Isaacson and released shortly after Jobs ' death last year . "  Steve Jobs ' story is unique : he was one of the most revolutionary and influential men not just of our time but of all time , " Amy Pascal , co-chair of Sony Pictures Entertainment , said in a written release . "  There is no writer working in Hollywood today who is more capable of capturing such an extraordinary life for the screen than Aaron Sorkin ; in his hands , we 're confident that the film will be everything that Jobs himself was : captivating , entertaining , and polarizing . " Sorkin won an Academy Award for adapting "  The Social Network , " which in 2010 propelled Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to household-name status . His other work includes "  A Few Good Men , " "  Moneyball , " "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " "  The West Wing " and "  Sports Night . " The yet-unnamed Steve Jobs film will be Sorkin 's first movie-directing gig . Sony reportedly wanted Sorkin for the film and began courting him immediately after securing the rights to Isaacson 's book late last year . Sorkin actually knew Jobs and wrote a piece for The Daily Beast about his memories of Jobs after his death . He wrote that he and Jobs had developed a "  phone friendship " that led Jobs to invite him to write a movie for Pixar  the animation studio Jobs ran  and to tour Apple . "  I told him I 'd take him up on it and I never did , " Sorkin wrote . "  But I still keep thinking about that Pixar movie . And for me , that 's Steve 's legacy . That , and the fact that I wrote this on a Mac that I loved taking out of the box . " Another Jobs movie is also in the works . An independent film starring "  That '70s Show " alum Ashton Kutcher is scheduled to begin filming in May .	Aaron Sorkin will write and direct biopic on Steve Jobs Sorkin is the writer of "  The West Wing " and "  The Social Network " The movie will be based on Walter Isaacson 's book "  Steve Jobs "
West Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- It 's more than two hours before snowboard practice begins , two hours before Robert Beck will take his first picture , and he is trudging up the steep icy slope that is one lip of the halfpipe . Temperatures are just above freezing on Cypress Mountain , and Beck , a Sports Illustrated photographer for 24 years , is steadily ambling up the hill to stake out his position near the top . The climb is just 160 meters , but try doing it with a 50 - or 60-pound pack on your back and a bad knee repaired just three weeks ago . It 's going to be worth it ; Beck knows precisely where he needs to be to get the perfect picture when the overwhelming gold medal favorite Shaun White performs . For the next nine hours Beck wo n't leave his spot -- he 's not allowed to come back down until the competition is over -- so he has a bag full of equipment and provisions . He carries three camera bodies , four lenses , several radios to remotely trigger cameras and a bunch of Cliff bars .  McDonald 's might sponsor these Games , but there 's no Golden Arches on the hill  . See 19 of Robert Beck 's amazing SI photos from the Winter Games He knows where to be to get the shot he wants because Beck and his assistant , Kohjiro "  Kojo " Kinno have been photographing White for months , learning his every move and tendency . For instance , Beck knows the best time to shoot a close-up of White is during his first practice run because the snowboarder does n't go as high then . They went to three World Cup events and the X Games , shooting White and his competitors in preparation for the Olympics . Then once in Vancouver it was off to every practice to test out different angles to shoot . "  We 're trying to frame it just right , " Beck said on the drive from his hotel to the venue . "  On their tricks , snowboarders are spinning so fast . Sometimes you never see their faces . You do n't want to get pictures of rear ends or the bottom of the board . We want to get their faces if we can . " Beck , who has more than 50 Sports Illustrated covers to his credit , is frustrated even before he climbs the hill . Kinno is an important part of the "  we " he talks about . Kinno has been there for him for nearly seven years , handing him the right equipment , fixing things when they go wonky , running cards back to the work area and often being the voice of reason . But that wo n't happen today because officials would n't give Kinno a photographer 's armband . He 's not even allowed to shoot pictures from a lower area of the venue . It 's almost like a pitcher without his catcher , though the understated Kinno often is the one who shakes Beck off . And then there 's the eye roll . They have this way of disagreeing that only longtime friends can have . There 's often disagreement , Kinno says , but they always come to an understanding . On this Wednesday at the halfpipe , Kinno will have to stay in front of a laptop all day , trying patiently to wait for runners to bring him the cards from the cameras . At least he has company . John Birk , photographer Al Tielemans ' assistant , ca n't go with his photographer either . Tielemans will spot up on the other side of the pipe while photographer Bob Martin will be positioned at the bottom . Just before setting off for the hill , Beck gets a call from Steve Fine , SI 's director of photography . Fine has a request for Beck to get White at a certain angle . Beck 's sure he ca n't and tells Fine that he has a great shot in mind , looking up the pipe as White soars into action . Fine likes that but wants to have one with the crowd in the background . Beck and Kinno agree ; it 's not a clean shot from where Beck will be , but they can try and see what Fine says . You 'd think that Beck can call the shots , so to speak , and send in his favorites from the 1,400 images he will take this day , but that 's not the way it works . He lets the photo editors pick the ones they want . "  I do n't suggest anything to those guys , " Beck said . "  I ca n't control it . I make the best pictures I can , send them , in and it 's out of my hands . ' He seems cool with that . He 's much more concerned with getting a shot that is different from other photogs . It 's difficult -- well , almost impossible really -- to be inventive with this assignment , though . There are going to be several other photographers in the same area , and dozens all over the pipe . He 'll try to nail it the best he can by using a different lens than others near him  maybe a 35 mm while lying down in the snow  and also through the use of a camera on a 12-foot stick he 'll hold up . There 's one big issue , though , with White . Beck says when he has used a remote-fired camera , he 's able to get other snowboarders in the frame perfectly , but White soars so high that much of the time he 's at the top of the frame , if he 's even in the picture . Beck 's assignment is not solely White ; it 's just that the 23-year-old budding legend is such a prohibitive favorite it makes sense to Beck that 's his main target . He 's shooting for the magazine , but he also hopes the Web site can use his photos . In fact , the Web is much more of a sure thing this time . Sports Illustrated 's deadlines are n't until the weekend , and the magazine wo n't arrive at subscribers ' homes until a week after the event , so Beck figures it 's unlikely this gig has cover potential . And with Lindsey Vonn such a compelling story , too , he 's not sure that he 'll even get one image in the magazine . Celebration photos always play well , but only the photographers at the bottom will have White right in front of them . Beck halfway wishes he could shoot those photos instead of Martin . "  We 're all basically competitive , " he says wistfully . "  But you ca n't be both places . " SI.com : Photos of White 's winning run White did the expected and easily won gold . Back in the work area , Beck says not everything went well . Counting practice , each rider who made the final made nine runs . Beck says he solved a problem with one of the remote cameras in time to shoot the first practice session , but at some point he accidentally hit the focus . "  Everything looked like Mr. Magoo -LSB- took them -RSB- , " he said . At least 75 percent of photography is problem solving , he said .  Two-and-half percent of photography is skill , he joked  . It 's knowing where to set up , knowing your equipment and knowing how to fix that equipment when it breaks . But while you 're fixing things , you 're missing pictures , and it 's frustrating . And then there 's just plain bad luck . Beck says that during one practice run a TV cameraman ran in front of him , snapping pictures on his phone . But these are the things you deal with , he says . He 's a little down at dinner afterward because he caught a glimpse of the some of the other photographers ' pictures . As he had predicted , a bunch of shots with White , his face one big smile , holding the U.S. flag . But later his mood changes when back at the hotel suite he logs onto the SI.com Web site . There is a picture , looking up the pipe of White , cast against a clear night sky , soaring through the air , on his way to a gold medal . As for the magazine , he 'll be waiting , just like the rest of us	Robert Beck has been a photographer with Sports Illustrated for 24 years His assignment at the Winter Olympics : Shoot events at Cypress Mountain To prepare for shooting halfpipe , Beck and assistant went to several events beforehand Beck took 1,400 pictures in one day , not sure if any will make the magazine
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents , producers and photojournalists share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Cliff Hackel talks about his experiences while on location for the documentary "  Latino in America . " Shenandoah , Pennsylvania , resident Jaelynn Mackalonis wants people to know that her town is not racist . SHENANDOAH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Jaelynn Mackalonis was angry . The upcoming trial in the killing of Luis Ramirez had rocked the town of Shenandoah , Pennsylvania , and Mackalonis urgently wanted to speak out . She hung out on the street , overhearing CNN 's interview of her neighbor Lou Ann Pleva . As Pleva recounted the various opinions around town about the street fight that killed Ramirez , Mackalonis ' blood began to boil . She whistled and waved her arms to get our attention . Finally , she exploded . "  We just want to let you know , the neighbors around here , it 's not fair that one person is going to speak for us , " Mackalonis insisted . "  This was n't a racial crime . " Pleva stood up and tried to defuse the situation . "  I 'm sorry ; do I know you ? " Pleva asked . "  I do n't care if you know me or not , " Mackalonis answered . "  Do not say this town is racist . " "  I did n't say that , " Pleva said . "  Do n't speak for anyone else , " demanded Mackalonis . "  I promise you , I do n't , " Pleva said . The exchange went on for minutes . It was highly unusual to have a formal interview interrupted in that way . But , the emotion of that moment typified the anxiety that gripped Shenandoah , a down-and-out former coal town in central Pennsylvania . Mackalonis interrupts CNN interview " On July 12 , 2008 , a group of white high school students , out on the prowl after a night of drinking , encountered one of their female classmates in the company of Luis Ramirez , a 25-year-old migrant worker from Mexico . Racial insults were exchanged , and , in no time , a fight ensued . Police reports claim that at least one kick was delivered to Ramirez 's head while he was unconscious on the ground . He died two days later . One of the boys was charged as a juvenile . Another teen pleaded guilty to federal civil rights violations in a plea deal . The other two teens were charged with ethnic intimidation but were ultimately acquitted of those charges . The crime cast an unwelcome spotlight on Shenandoah , according to Mackalonis . "  It 's putting Shenandoah on the map for being a rotten town . It 's not a rotten town , " Mackalonis said . "  I talk to people , and it 's , ` Oh , yeah , you 're from Shenandoah , where that illegal immigrant got beat . ' " Shenandoah has a rich cultural history . In its heyday , during the productive coal mining years of the 1920s , the town boasted nearly 30,000 residents . St. George 's Roman Catholic Church became the nation 's first Lithuanian parish . St. Michael 's became the first Greek Catholic church in the country . There were so many diverse immigrant groups that the town was dubbed "  Little New York . " When the coal mines dried up in the 1950s , Shenandoah began its economic slide . Today , the town 's population is just over 5,000 . But immigrants still come to Shenandoah . The latest influx has been Latinos , who account for less than 10 percent of the town 's population . It 's inexpensive to rent or buy a house here , and most immigrants are able to send money home . Although some in town accept the new residents , many of them from Mexico , others feel threatened by those who are here illegally . One person said that when he hears Spanish spoken , he "  feels out of place . Like you 're not in America no more . " Luis Ramirez was one of those illegal immigrants from Mexico . His death divided the town . One group wanted a long prison term for the boys . Another side called it "  a street fight gone bad " and claimed that the boys acted in self-defense . Still others felt a degree of ambiguity and uncertainty as they waited for the trial to sort things out . But Mackalonis , a local bartender , had made up her mind . "  Get your story straight before you go babbling anything , " she admonished Pleva . "  If he was n't here illegally , I think it would n't have happened . " Getting the story straight in Shenandoah proved difficult . Mackalonis herself gave three possible scenarios for the crime : the rape of a 14-year-old , a drug deal gone bad and a fight that started spontaneously . In our dozen trips to Shenandoah , we heard many more rumors of gangs , violence and drug dealing by Latinos . They were hard to substantiate , and fear seemed to rule the day . Both Latinos and white residents told us they were afraid to walk the streets at night , even though we saw little evidence of any major crimes . Residents talk about crime , racial overtones After her tirade during our interview with Pleva , Mackalonis stormed across the street to her home . We caught up with her to learn more about her opinion of undocumented workers . "  If you 're here legally , fine . But if you 're here illegally , and you do n't want any of these problems , go back , get the green card , come back , " Mackalonis said . But one resident said many people in Shenandoah think every Latino needs a green card . Carlos Ramos , who was born in Puerto Rico , is an American citizen . Despite that , he is often asked for his green card . "  If you 're Puerto Rican or Dominican or whatever , you know , to them you 're considered a Mexican , " Ramos said . Pleva tries to understand such differences . She has been outspoken in her attempts to help Shenandoah heal . She spoke at a candlelight vigil just days after Ramirez 's death , urging racial harmony . All of which leaves her confused about Mackalonis . "  It hurts . We live across the street . We do n't know each other . I just now found out her name when she told it to you ! And yet she has all of this animosity toward me , " Pleva said after the confrontation . It has been months since our surprise interruption . In that time , the residents of Shenandoah have put the murder trial behind them . But little has changed . Some high school students see the convicted boys as heroes . Undocumented workers still find jobs around town . Rumor , distrust and disinformation fill the air , and anger simmers just below the surface . Brian Rokus and Jacinth Planer contributed to this report .	Shenandoah , Pennsylvania was once called "  Little New York " for its cultural diversity Beating death of Luis Ramirez , a Mexican immigrant , rocked town in 2008 Emotions ran high before trial of four white teens charged in case "  This was n't a racial crime , " resident Jaelynn Mackalonis said
