CNN  Hillary Clinton held a closed door meeting with President Barack Obama at the White House on Monday . Although the former secretary of state , senator and first lady has not declared , it is treated as a foregone conclusion that Clinton is running for president . Likely to launch her campaign in April , Clinton is regarded as the front-runner -- if not the only Democratic candidate -- and the inevitable Democratic nominee . There is an assumption that since Clinton supported Obama , the black community will now embrace her . But there are more than a few who did n't get that memo . At this stage of the game , many African-Americans may not be excited about a candidate Hillary Clinton in 2016 . And after two terms of the nation 's first black president , she should proceed with caution . Clinton need look no further than the 2008 contest , when black voters doused water on her presidential prospects . Early on , Clinton was the favorite of black folks , lest you forgot , and it did not hurt that President Clinton had been regarded as the "  first black president " with high approval among African-Americans . Then , support for a senator named Barack Obama blew up after the Iowa caucuses . And Clinton found herself apologizing for her husband 's comments about Obama 's win in the South Carolina primary . President Clinton was relieved of his black card privileges for the remainder of the 2008 election season when he compared Obama 's win in the Palmetto state to that of Jesse Jackson in 2004 and 2008 , suggesting that Obama , like Jackson , would not win . The misstep was an affront to many African-Americans , as were Hillary Clinton 's suggestions on the campaign trail that Obama was only good for making speeches , but not for taking action . And let 's not forget her assertions that she was the candidate for "  hard-working Americans , white Americans . " We can chalk up some of that rhetoric to spirited campaign-trail junk-talking , and obviously much has happened since the 2008 election . President Obama made Clinton his secretary of state , and she served as a capable top diplomat and a loyal member of the Obama Cabinet . But that does not mean black voters will completely forget the bitter , racially tinged presidential campaign politics of seven years ago . Black voters are among the most loyal of the Democratic Party base , and their record high turnout for Obama was an important part of his victory . However , with a charismatic Obama no longer on the ballot , maintaining the same level of enthusiasm for any other candidate is a challenge . theGrio.com : Blacks are treated 72 % as well as whites Moreover , as for Clinton , who  understandably ?  has her own ideas and may not agree with the President on certain issues , any criticism of Obama could cost her some black voters . Remember that Clinton voted in favor of the unpopular , costly and deadly Iraq war . That support cost Clinton in 2008 . And while she has remained silent on the recent re-election of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Clinton 's strongly pro-Israel stance on Mideast peace now appears at odds with the emerging consensus among major groups in the Democratic base , including blacks , Latinos and young voters . However , it is likely that foreign policy will not pose as great a challenge to Hillary Clinton as economics . Because she is tied to the Wall Street wing of her party and commands sky-high speaking fees , people may take a closer look at her approach to tackling inequality and the shrinking of the middle class , and whether she is too concerned about offending the wealthy . The nation is hurting , despite the economic turnaround , and this is felt particularly strongly among blacks , who still have high unemployment rates , a rising wealth gap compared to whites , and , for many , no recovery in sight . And while police shootings of young black men continue to stir outrage in the community , Clinton has remained relatively quiet on the subject . She will have to prove that she can identify with this frustration and offer ideas for reform in local law enforcement . This , rather than her email account , is what concerns the black electorate . theGrio.com : Let 's stop the ` struggle equation ' Perhaps a populist , more down-to-earth challenger such as Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren or former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb could appeal to black and working-class voters , and unlike Clinton , would not have to fight the perception of living in a protective security bubble , or lacking core beliefs other than being in power . It is safe to assume that if Clinton wins the Democratic nomination that she will ultimately win the majority black vote in the general election , but that may not be enough . Let 's remember President George W. Bush won re-election in 2004 with just 11 % of the black vote . Had Mitt Romney been able to duplicate that number of black votes , he would be president now . Obama won in no small part because blacks turned out for him in record numbers in 2012 , particularly in swing states like Ohio . Clinton ca n't assume she 'll inherit that same level of black voter enthusiasm . Support for Barack Obama does not necessarily translate into support for another Democrat . This means Clinton must fight for votes like anyone else : knock on doors , kiss babies , clap off beat at the AME church , and do whatever it takes .	David Love : The former secretary of state would need to woo African-American voters to turn out in big numbers for 2016 Memories of the bitter 2008 battle with Barack Obama still linger , he writes
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A former Los Angeles public schools official is suing the system over settlements with dozens of students who were awarded $ 470,000 each , alleging that a teacher sentenced to prison on charges of lewd behavior never came into abusive contact with those children . The lawsuit , by former chief risk officer Gregg Breed of San Bernardino , accuses the district of corruption , lawyer cronyism and incompetence in the way it settled the lawsuit against former teacher Mark Berndt of Miramonte Elementary . Berndt was recently sentenced to 25 years in prison for putting pupils in bondage , and then photographing them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and 3-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces . Berndt had pleaded no contest to felony lewd acts on 23 children . The scandal led to almost 200 students suing the district , claiming that they , too , were victims . In a CNN interview Wednesday at his Beverly Hills attorney 's office , Breed said he urged the system to wait until a conviction in the Berndt case before settling the student claims . Among the student allegations was that they were forced to eat cookies with semen on them , Breed said . "  There 's clearly some children where there was no evidence that they ate a cookie , had semen in their mouth or fluid in their mouth . They are alleging , but it 's not necessary true , " Breed said . "  I did not agree with settling , but they felt it was politically better and they felt the pressure " from the scandal , he said . "  But my view point was to wait and see because we really do n't know if there was semen in the classroom . "  This is a sad case , " he added . "  There is corruption at LAUSD sadly , and there 's a lot of people in place supervising that do n't have the level of expertise needed to see  the corruption  . " Last June , the school system sought a court injunction imposing "  a gag order " on Breed to keep him from publicly discussing "  the Miramonte settlement fiasco , " his suit said . But a judge dismissed the district 's request as long as Breed never mentioned the names of the alleged student victims , Breed said . On Wednesday , a media consultant hired by the school district to be its spokesman dismissed the allegations as "  frivolous " and described Breed as a disgruntled employee . "  The allegations are false . There was a rigorous processing of all the settlements , " said Sean Rossall , the consultant serving as spokesman for the system 's general counsel . "  There had to be substantial information before any settlement was made . "  These are nothing more than baseless allegations by a disgruntled former employee , " Rossall continued . "  He 's simply trying to latch on to the attention being paid to Miramonte to try to line his own pocket with millions of dollars , taxpayer dollars . "  It 's really unfortunate that he would choose to do this and impact the families that are already impacted by the incident in Miramonte and take this money from our students and schools with baseless allegations , " Rossall added . Last year , General Counsel David Holmquist told CNN that the district was paying $ 30 million to settle what now amounts to 63 of 190 students ' claims alleging they were victims of sexually lewd acts by Berndt . Holmquist called the agreements "  good settlements " at the time . The remaining students ' claims are still pending . Breed 's lawsuit , which seeks at least $ 10 million in damages , claims Los Angeles Unifed School District Chief Business and Compliance Counsel Gregory McNair and Holmquist ignored a school list of approved outside attorneys . Instead , the lawsuit claims , they hired outside representation based on McNair 's "  personal relationships " with those law firms . Those newly hired legal firms did n't have experience in sexual assault and molestation cases , but still represented the system in handling legal claims filed in the Miramonte abuse case , the lawsuit claims . One outside counsel was a law firm where McNair once worked , and another was an attorney who was a law school classmate of McNair 's , the suit charged . McNair and Holmquist could n't be reached for comment Wednesday . School spokesman Rossall said he was speaking on their behalf . Under an alleged "  cronyism " arrangement , the outside attorneys were paid between $ 390 to $ 450 an hour -- more than twice the $ 175-an-hour rate that the board typically paid on its approved list of outside attorneys , the lawsuit claims . When asking about the legal fees , school spokesman Rossall said the Miramonte case "  is a different size of scope in litigation than is typically seen . " "  We really need specialists who understood the issues and had the bandwidth to handle the amount of claims being brought forth , " Rossall said . Breed found "  numerous errors " in vetting each student claims , such as the lack of signatures verifying information , lack of Social Security numbers , and the wrong names when compared to school classroom rosters , the lawsuit claims . For example , one pupil who received $ 470,000 "  did not attend classes with the abuser " and "  essentially maintained others wanted and got money so he should get some as well , " the lawsuit states . In another example , a girl "  was touched just once on the shoulder by the accused teacher , " and when this issue was raised , the outside counsel contacted the mediator , who ruled he could n't change the settlement , the suit said . "  Because the proper vetting process was not followed , LAUSD will be forced to pay $ 470,000 for a single act of touching on the shoulder , " the lawsuit said . Breed , who has 30 years of experience in risk management , was hired by the district to serve as chief risk officer from April 2012 to June 2013 at a salary of $ 14,438 a month , the lawsuit said . Breed claimed that when he acted as a whistle-blower in reporting his allegations , his contract was not renewed in an act of retaliation , and he was denied more than $ 14,000 in annual contributions to his retirement account . At the time the school district announced the $ 30 million settlement , Holmquist said taxpayer money and possibly school insurance funds would cover that cost , but those insurance carriers are now refusing to indemnify the school system and fund the settlement because of "  attorney incompetence by corruptly selected counsel , " the lawsuit contends . A second teacher at Miramonte Elementary , Martin Springer , was also charged with felony lewd conduct with a girl under age 14 in the aftermath of the Berndt case in 2011 . Springer has pleaded not guilty , and his case is pending .	NEW : School board felt it was "  politically better " to settle claims without conviction , ex-official tells CNN NEW : District unsuccessfully tried to keep official from talking about "  settlement fiasco " Some students receiving $ 470,000 each never had contact with convicted lewd teacher School district calls lawsuit 's claims "  false "
CNN  -- Actress Lynn Redgrave died Sunday after a seven-year battle with breast cancer , according to her family . Redgrave , 67 , was surrounded by her children at her Connecticut home when she died , the family said in a statement Monday morning . The star of stage , film and television was twice nominated for an Academy Award : for best actress in 1966 for her role in "  Georgy Girl " and for best supporting actress in the 1998 film "  Gods and Monsters . " "  She lived , loved and worked harder than ever before , " the family said . "  The endless memories she created as a mother , grandmother , writer , actor and friend will sustain us for the rest of our lives . Our entire family asks for privacy through this difficult time , " the statement said . Redgrave is from "  a family of actors , embracing as it does more than five generations , " she wrote on her official website . She is the younger sister of Oscar-winning actress Vanessa Redgrave and the aunt of the late actress Natasha Richardson . Her parents , Sir Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson , were British stage and film actors . Her paternal grandparents , Roy Redgrave and Margaret Scudamore , were stage and silent film actors . Redgrave teamed with daughter Annabel Clark in 2004 to produce the book "  Journal : A Mother and Daughter 's Recovery from Breast Cancer . " "  I thought I was living very fully before this happened , " she said in 2005 . "  But in comparison , no , I really was n't . I was n't taking the time to notice things . I did n't see things as brightly or as sharply or as memorably as I do now . "  I really do n't let a moment slide by . I just do n't . It 's a big price to pay , is n't it , to have to have cancer to learn that ? But it is in the end , I have to say , a price worth paying , " Redgrave said . Redgrave 's professional acting debut was in 1962 at London 's Royal Court Theatre in a production of "  A Midsummer Night 's Dream . " A year later , she was invited to join Britain 's National Theatre for its inaugural season under the direction of Sir Laurence Olivier , according to her personal biography . Her first film performance came in "  Tom Jones , " a 1963 movie co-starring Albert Finney and her mother . Redgrave 's "  Georgy Girl " role three years later , opposite James Mason , earned her a best actress Golden Globe and the Academy Award best actress nomination . Her portrayal of a wisecracking young woman was a box office hit . Other early film roles included "  The National Health , " "  Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex , " "  The Happy Hooker " and "  Getting It Right . " Redgrave enjoyed a revitalized film career late in life . She won a second Golden Globe and her second Oscar nomination for her comedic role in "  Gods and Monsters . " She continued to make movies despite her illness , including her last film role in "  Confessions of a Shopaholic , " which hit theaters a year ago . Redgrave debuted on Broadway in 1967 in "  Black Comedy . " The first of three Tony nominations came in 1976 for "  Mrs. Warren 's Profession . " She was nominated again for her Broadway roles in "  Shakespeare for My Father " in 1993 and "  The Constant Wife " in 2005 . She teamed with her sister Vanessa Redgrave on the London stage in "  Three Sisters " in 1991 . The sisters worked together the same year in a television version of "  Whatever Happened to Baby Jane ? " Her three Emmy nominations all came for TV work in the 1980s , including an episode of "  House Calls " in 1981 , "  The Shooting Company " in 1982 and "  Walking on Air " in 1987 . CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .	Actress had fought breast cancer for seven years She was nominated for Academy Award in 1966 and 1998 "  She lived , loved and worked harder than ever before , " family says
CNN  -- It was a "  crazy " high-stakes routine that risked everything in the pursuit of gold . Epke Zonderland had linked together the three most difficult moves in the high bar discipline , but the Dutch gymnast knew if he fluffed any one of them it would lead to humiliation on the world 's biggest sporting stage . The omens were not promising . A few short weeks before the London 2012 Olympics , as defending European champion he fell off the apparatus and finished 56th . But Zonderland knew that to beat the best in the world he had to persist with his plan . and on the afternoon of Tuesday August 7 , he produced one of the most memorable moments of a Games defined by its iconic sporting achievements . "  I was really focused and not thinking about the past or the future but just of the moment , " he told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  The routine was going so fast but by the end of it I was getting more relaxed , and then I did the dismount -- and when I landed the dismount it was the best feeling I ever had . " From the moment the 26-year-old spun off the bar to come down flush on the mat without a hint of a wobble or further movement , he knew the gold was his . Perfect landing "  It was a perfect landing so it was a really great feeling and the crowd was going wild , " he recalled . After a nervous two-minute wait for the score , Zonderland was confirmed in first place with a massive 16.533 points , beating Germany 's Fabian Hambuechen into silver on 16.400 with defending champion Zou Kai of China third on 16.366 . The "  Flying Dutchman " -- his rather predictable nickname -- was indeed flying high and returned home as a hero to win a string of awards -- as well being named to the Order of Orange-Nassau , one of the highest honors in the Netherlands . The YouTube clips of his performance have become a big viral online hit , and he is regularly named in polls of top performances in the 2012 Games . It 's all down to pulling off a sequence of complex moves -- named after former gymnasts . "  The first is the cassina , you have a double somersault and then straight , and you make one turn , " he explains . "  The second is the kovacs , a double-somersault and then tucked , with your legs , and the third one is the kolman , and it 's a double-somersault tucked with one turn . " Zonderland had become renowned as the only gymnast to regularly perform two of the difficult moves in succession , but to perform three had many shaking their head . Crazy risk "  A lot of people thought that I was crazy because I wanted to do it on the Olympics , because they thought the risk was too big . "  I think I surprised a lot of people to really do it . " For many , such a triumph would be the signal to bow out , but not only is Zonderland setting his sights on the next Olympics in Rio in 2016 , he is also combining up to 30 hours per week training with medical studies . "  Of course it 's a hard combination . I have a little bit less time for other things but it 's great I can do sport at this level and get a great education , " said Zonderland , who aims to be an orthopedic doctor . Immediate motivation comes in his desire to win his first world title after finishing second at two championships . "  It 's the one big goal I have left , " he admitted . "  It 's getting harder and harder to compete at this level but I think I can manage to continue until the next Olympics when I 'm 30 . " Having started gymnastics training when he was four in the town of Heerenveen , Zonderland will have been in his sport for over a quarter of a century come the next Games , gradually building up the intensity of his efforts . In a typical four-hour session he will do 50 somersaults , and does not just confine himself just to the high or horizontal bar discipline . All-round ability Zonderland has won European silver on the parallel bars , and it was thanks to his ability over six events that he was even able to appear at the 2012 Olympics . Finishing outside of the top three in the high bar at the 2011 world championships in Tokyo after a disappointing display , he was forced to qualify via the all-round competition at the London test events . "  I was n't ready for that anymore but it was the only possibility , " he said . "  I qualified  beating fellow Dutchman Jeffrey Wammes  so I was very happy with that , and after that I could train on the parallel bars and high bars again . " It was during this period that Zonderland decided to go with his high-risk strategy , gaining the support of his coach Daniel Knibbeler , who was "  quite positive also from the beginning . His confidence increased as Zonderland appeared to perfect the routine in almost every training session . But performing it under the pressure of competition is another matter , and Zonderland 's spectacular flop at the European championships in Montpellier set nerves on edge . "  I knew from the training where I made it almost all the time that it was possible but the big challenge is in your head , " Zonderland said . "  On the day of the competition I had a lot of nerves and it was quite hard to get it under control . " Unique feat ? But he need not have worried , stunning the crowd and his rivals with his performance . But now he is at the summit of his sport , Zonderland knows he can not relax . "  You realize there are a lot of talented gymnasts who can do the same as you do , so I think about my competitors who are really working hard , " he said . "  I heard about one gymnast in the Netherlands who is also able to do it  the triple move  but for the rest I do n't think anybody can do it . " He will step up his training for the world championships in Antwerp in the first weekend of October , sacrificing the sort of lifestyle friends of his own age enjoy . "  You do n't have so much time to go out or do things with your friends , so sometimes that 's hard but with sport at this level you have no choice . " Fortunately , his girlfriend Linda , who competed at a high level in speed skating as a junior , understands the nature of top-class sports competition . Zonderland appears remarkably unaffected by his celebrity status in his home country as the first man to win a gymnastics Olympic gold . Lasting fame Even his nickname has echoes of the most famous figure in Dutch sporting history , athlete Fanny Blankers Koen , who won four gold medals in track and field at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London . Blankers Koen was called "  the Flying Dutchwoman " and was named IAAF female athlete of the 20th century by the world governing body . Zonderland has etched his own piece of Olympics history with his stunning performance in London and set new standards in his discipline -- its impact similar to that of the perfect 10 achieved by Nadia Comaneci at the 1976 Montreal Olympics . In his own country , gymnastics has received a massive boost as youngsters look to emulate him . "  It 's called the ` Epke effect , ' " his agent of five years Johan Boesjes told CNN . "  He 's inspiring a generation of young people and all the clubs have had a massive boost . "	Gymnast Epke Zonderland is nicknamed "  the Flying Dutchman " He performs unique routines on the high bar Zonderland won gold in the discipline at the 2012 London Olympics He is studying medicine while training for 2016 Rio Games
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The number of movies nominated for the best picture Oscar will double next year , a move apparently aimed at bolstering sagging ratings for the Academy Awards broadcast . Danny Boyle exults in an Oscar win for "  Slumdog Millionaire " earlier this year . "  Having 10 Best Picture nominees is going allow academy voters to recognize and include some of the fantastic movies that often show up in the other Oscar categories , but have been squeezed out of the race for the top prize , " Sid Ganis , president of the Academy Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , said . Doubling the nominations would make it more likely a viewer 's favorite movie is in the running for the top honor , which may make them want to watch the show , said Steve Pond , author of "  The Big Show : High Times and Dirty Dealings Backstage at the Academy Awards . " "  This clearly is a reaction to declining ratings , " Pond said . "  Even though this last show the ratings were up ... over the last 10 years or so the ratings have been down . " Oscar producers realized they "  can juice the show up all you want , but people watch the Oscars when there are movies competing that they have an interest in , " Pond said . The best picture nominations often consist of movies that "  the vast majority of people have not seen , " he said . The problem "  came to a head with ` The Dark Knight , ' " which sold more than $ 1 billion in tickets worldwide , but was snubbed by the academy in the best picture category last year , he said . The Batman sequel won best movie at the MTV Movie Awards and was chosen favorite movie by the People 's Choice Awards . It also made many critics ' top 10 lists . If the nomination field had been expanded last year , the film might have made the best picture list , "  which clearly would have been some kind of bump in the ratings , " Pond said . This would also counter the impression among TV viewers that the awards show is "  for movie snobs who do n't like the movies I like , " he said . The decision to double the number of features films nominated is a return to the way the Oscars were awarded in its early decades , when as many as 12 movies were considered in the field of finalists , Ganis said . "  After more than six decades , the Academy is returning to some of its earlier roots , when a wider field competed for the top award of the year , " Ganis said . "  The final outcome , of course , will be the same -- one best picture winner -- but the race to the finish line will feature 10 , not just five , great movies from 2009 . " Nominations for the 82nd Academy Awards will be announced on February 2 , 2010 . The awards show is set for March 7 at Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre . A best picture nomination often serves as a marketing boost for films , driving DVD sales for those films no longer in theaters .	NEW : Nominating more films "  a reaction to declining ratings , " says expert Academy Awards to nominate 10 best picture possibilities next year Academy has been nominating just five films for more than six decades "  The Academy is returning to some of its earlier roots , " says its president
CNN  -- The first person ever convicted in Idaho of knowingly spreading the HIV virus is facing new charges for the same offense , authorities said Thursday . An Ada County , Idaho , grand jury on Tuesday returned an indictment charging Kerry Thomas , 45 , with seven counts of knowingly transferring the HIV virus , Jean Fisher , Ada County deputy prosecutor , told CNN . In 1990 , Thomas was charged with four counts of HIV transmission and two counts of statutory rape , Fisher said . As part of a plea agreement , he pleaded guilty only to the rape charges . According to Fisher , Thomas received a 12-year sentence and had to serve three years before being eligible for parole . He was later granted early release . In 1996 , however , Thomas was again charged with one count of HIV transmission , and a jury convicted him , Fisher said . He received a 15-year sentence with a seven-year minimum . Now out on parole , Thomas faces possible life in prison on the new charges because prosecutors are seeking his designation as a "  persistent violator . " It was not immediately known whether Thomas was in custody Thursday . He was not listed online among the inmates in the Ada County Jail . Asked why Thomas would continue to spread the virus , which causes AIDS , Fisher said , "  That 's the $ 64,000 question , for a person who has been to prison twice . "	Kerry Thomas was indicted for second time for knowingly transferring HIV virus In 1990 , Thomas was charged with four counts of HIV transmission If convicted , Thomas could face life in prison
"  Looper , " this past weekend 's mind-bending futuristic thriller from writer/director Rian Johnson , follows "  The Terminator 's " time traveling mantra : There 's no fate but what we make . The destiny audiences forged helped "  Looper " land at the box office in second place , earning the film a cool $ 21.2 million . Not bad for an R-rated action flick whose big questions would have made sci-fi novelist Philip K. Dick smirk . In the film , bottom barrel assassins are handpicked to do the future mobster 's dirty work by killing targets in 2044 , 30 years before time travel is even invented . Unfortunately , the hit men collecting silver bounty off of bodies sent to the past tend to die young  sort of  . They retroactively commit suicide by murdering their future selves , giving them three decades to live life to the fullest . It 's also full of space-time paradoxes . What if you could change the future by altering the past ? That 's precisely what happens when Joe the looper , played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt , makes the mistake of letting his future form , played by Bruce Willis , escape . Time travel is obviously a sci-fi staple , but sometimes it 's best to keep things simple . "  We 'll be sitting here all day making diagrams with straws , " Bruce Willis yells at his younger self after being hounded by questions about the history of things to come . But believe it or not , there are scientists who study the real world possibilities of time travel , and it 's a lot of information to sip up . Combating bad pop culture time travel Edward Farhi is a theoretical physicist from MIT who works with equations in a lab . Naturally , he has a pretty good understanding of the special and general theories of relativity that illuminate the legitimate possibilities of time travel . However , his studies also discredit the entire premise of being able to go back in time . "  The laws of physics were smart enough to not allow a causality violation , " Farhi says . "  That means that you put the effect before the cause , which is what you do when you time travel backward . " An example of this would be lighting a match near a gas canister and having it explode : You ca n't have an explosion without the lit match because that would be a causality violation . However , causality violations lead to some of "  Looper 's " most terrifying , gruesome and memorable moments . One scene in particular features the bodily breakdown of a looper sent to the past . Scars act as notes on a looper 's body as they 're being carved into the past version of his being . Soon afterward , his limbs , tongue and nose disappear . As his 2044 self is being tortured , we witness a paradox made of nightmares . Farhi was able to further prove his point by showing that if someone wanted to construct a device that would warp space enough to go back in time , they would need to assemble and collect half of the mass of the universe . In "  Looper , " the time machine is just a shoddy mechanical sphere covered in coils . "  We wrote a paper called ` An Obstacle to Building a Time Machine ' in the laboratory , " Farhi says . "  It would require a huge warping of space-time and have huge cosmological effects . " These effects are dramatic enough that they would have serious consequences for the entire universe . Theoretical physicist and Nobel Prize winner Gerard ' T Hooft further studied what could happen if one tried to travel back in time , Farhi explains . "  He showed that before you had enough time to go back to the past , the entire universe would collapse so that the universe would end in a big crunch , the opposite of the Big Bang , " Farhi says . "  That really meant to me without really much further investigation that the laws of physics abhor time travel backward . " Farhi also does n't favor the belief that one could jump into the past of a parallel universe . "  I 'm not usually a fan of describing the ultimate universe , " he says . "  Maybe if you go back in time you end up in another universe and you somehow can not affect what happens in the future . " ` Looper ' : A smart but confusing thriller In theory , there would be different outcomes in different universes . "  I have trouble understanding that , but one of the things that bothers me about that is this : How come in our universe we never see time travelers ? " Albert Einstein introduced the idea in 1905 that the amount of time that elapses between two occurrences can depend upon the speed of the observer . "  He was talking about the actual flow of time , " Farhi says . "  These texts only become really dramatic when you move close to the speed of light . " This means that while time travel to the past is virtually impossible , hopping into the future is an entirely different matter . If you managed to hop on a rocket and travel around Earth at the speed of light and one year has elapsed according to your clocks , you could return to find that it 's actually a thousand years in the future . "  You may wonder if that 's science fiction or if it 's real , but we believe it 's real because every prediction that the special theory of relativity has ever made has been born out of experiment , " Farhi says . "  These effects are n't dramatic if you 're moving slowly , but they 're still there . " A less dramatic effect of this is the use of GPS . The clocks in satellites that triangulate where you need to go move at a different rate because they 're moving at a high speed . "  They 're not moving fast , but they 're moving at a speed relative to you on Earth , " Farhi says . "  There 's enough of an effect that if they did n't correct for the slowing of the clock that you would not be driving on the road . " If you could n't travel at light speed on a rocket as a shortcut to the future , a hypothetical alternative would have you creating a strong gravitational force replicating a black hole . "  I could put you on a rope , and I could lower you into the very strong gravitational field of the black hole , " Farhi explains . But there 's a certain point that could n't be passed . "  Once you get too close to a black hole , there 's no force that can overcome the force of the gravitational force , and you 're doomed . " The proposition is scary : "  You can just hover near the boundary where doom occurs , " Farhi says . "  If you were hovering there , then your clocks would be running slower than mine . " Being closer to the black hole would allow one to age less and experience time differently . "  We could have a reality TV show , " Farhi proposes . "  A whole day would go by for me , and I would just see you reaching for your breakfast . " Technically , the subjects of this time travel experiment could stay in touch through electromagnetic waves . "  Finally , we could come together and I could pull you out of the strong gravitational field , " he says . "  You could see that you had n't aged very much and I 've aged a lot , but you would n't be surprised because we 've kept in touch the entire time . " Long story short : If you have the ability to travel at light speed or a strong gravitation field , taking a short path to the future is possible . However , "  Looper " presents a one-way trip to the past aside from montage sequences that show what 's happening to Bruce Willis in the year 2070 . That begs the question : If we 're unable to go back to the past , how can the past exist ? "  The past exists as memory , " Farhi says . We have books , we have movies , and we have memories . "  The past exists in the present because it has an imprint on the present , but the future does n't , " he says . But we do have the ability to see the past . "  You just need to look at the light from a distant galaxy , " Farhi points out . "  It depends on how far the galaxy is , but it could be a billion years ago . Astronomers are looking at ancient images all the time . " Despite whatever causality violations and problematic backward time traveling devices Rian Johnson presents , "  Looper " is a strong sci-fi depiction of time travel . The audience holds the ultimate key to its plausibility : The suspension of disbelief . If you could time travel , where would you go and what would you do ? Let us know in the comments below .	The sci-fi film "  Looper " explores the concept of time travel Physicist from MIT discredits being able to travel back in time While time travel to the past is virtually impossible , hopping into the future is a different matter
CNN  -- NASCAR team owner Jack Roush , who was injured in a plane crash Tuesday , was transferred from a Wisconsin hospital to the Mayo Clinic , in Rochester , Minnesota , according to a statement released Thursday by one of his companies . "  Following surgery Tuesday night , related to the facial damage sustained in the accident , he remains in serious , but stable condition , " said the statement from ROUSH Performance Products . "  He will continue to be treated at Mayo Clinic for his facial injuries . The ROUSH organization would like to thank the physicians and staff at Theda Clark Medical Center in Neenah , Wisconsin , for the care and treatment provided during his stay . " When the auto racing magnate crashed his plane at an Oshkosh , Wisconsin , airport Tuesday night , the aircraft "  cartwheeled " an undetermined number of times and ended up facing in the opposite direction , National Transportation Safety Board spokesman Peter Knudson said Wednesday . Knudson said upon landing , the Beechcraft Premier jet , registered to Roush Fenway Racing LLC , rolled "  hard to the right , " then its right wing dropped "  way down " and struck a grass strip , and the plane flipped over at least once . The jet ended up facing north , though it had flown in facing south , Knudson said . The NASCAR owner was piloting the plane , which took off from Detroit , Michigan , Knudson said . The NTSB is leading the investigation into the accident . Roush 's company said Thursday it would "  like to thank everyone for the outpouring of support and well wishes " and encouraged people wishing to make a charitable donation in the name of Jack Roush to contribute to Speedway Children 's Charities on the organization 's website . The Experimental Aircraft Association said in a statement Tuesday night that Roush 's passenger in the plane was Brenda Strickland of Plymouth , Michigan . Video showed the two of them walking away from the plane , which appeared to be split toward its midsection . Strickland was brought to Oshkosh 's Mercy Medical Center . She was treated , then released Wednesday , Mercy spokeswoman Maria Heim said Thursday . The Experimental Aircraft Association 's annual air show , AirVenture 2010 , had just ended for the day Tuesday at Wittman Regional Airport in Oshkosh when the crash happened at 6:15 p.m. , association spokesman Dick Knapinski said . The accident shut down the airport until its regular 8 p.m. closing time , but the airport re-opened Wednesday morning , according to Knapinski . He said Roush comes every year and "  does presentations as an airplane enthusiast . " Knapinski said Roush owns one of "  probably fewer than 200 airworthy " World War II-era P-51 Mustang fighter planes and was scheduled to give a presentation about his vintage prop plane Tuesday . Roush had also been slated to appear at the air show Wednesday , signing autographs and talking to NASCAR fans at the Ford tent . "  Roush Fenway Racing is NASCAR 's largest team , operating eight motorsports teams -- four in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series with drivers Matt Kenseth , Greg Biffle , Carl Edwards and David Ragan , and four in the Nationwide Series with Edwards , Ricky Stenhouse Jr. , Colin Braun , Brian Ickler and Paul Menard , " said a statement from Roush 's racing team .	Auto racing magnate Jack Roush has been transferred to the Mayo Clinic Roush had facial surgery Tuesday night The NTSB says Roush 's plane rolled hard to the right and cartwheeled upon landing Roush , an airplane enthusiast , was heading to an air show
CNN  -- The dark curtain rises again on the tragedy of Israel and Gaza , and the next act begins much like its forerunners . Rockets hunt humans . Bombs crush buildings . Blood spills . The dead ride in caskets through streets , and mothers wail their grief to the heavens . As Israeli reserves gather like a storm over Gaza 's horizon , the added bloodshed of an incursion appears imminent , and millions watching around the world ask : What could they hope to achieve ? There is no dramatic endgame in this , but there are concrete objectives , says Israeli military analyst and columnist Ron Ben-Yishai . There are official ones and unofficial ones , short-term and long-term , that make sense for Israel , he argues . Many of them will work , concedes critical Israeli columnist Gideon Levy . But he disagrees about their wisdom . They wo n't cure the disease but instead feed it , he argues . Military objective No. 1 First , the conservative government led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wants to stop the rocket fire by force . And weaken the Hamas militants and other groups behind it , Ben-Yishai says . "  Erode the political clout and the ability of Hamas to act both as a political and military-terrorist movement . " Those are the official goals given by the Cabinet for the military operation named Protective Edge , he says . And they 'll probably be achieved , Ben-Yishai says . "  For the short-run , no doubt , " Levy concurs . But he also thinks Hamas will come back stronger militarily and politically . That 's what happened over two years ago in operation Pillar of Defense and over five years ago in Operation Cast Lead , he says . In the latter , 1,300 Palestinians and more than a dozen Israelis died . Rockets ' roots Levy sees the rocket fire from Gaza as the boiling over of cumulative tensions . He points to the peace process initiated by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry between Israel and Palestinians . The one that broke down weeks ago . The whole time , a piece was missing from the negotiating table , he says . "  Gaza was ignored totally . " Then a litany of youth killings ignited passions on both sides . Three Jewish teens were murdered , and Israeli forces swept the West Bank for suspects , making arrests that had nothing to do with the case , Levy says . Palestinians were killed . The murder of a Palestinian teen quickly followed ; his body was torched . Suspicions arose that it was revenge for the Israelis ' deaths . Add to that the desperation in Gaza . The narrow strip of land is locked in on all sides , and people there live in dire poverty and deprivation . "  Gaza is today the biggest cage in the world , " Levy says . The rocket fire is just a part of it all , he says . It 's a way of Hamas pounding the table , pointing out Gaza 's misery . Levy 's solution to the rocket fire : Pay more attention to Gazans . Do n't marginalize them . Open borders , so they can move freely . Ben-Yishai , on the other hand , believes that the peaceful approach -- that calm will be met with calm -- has n't worked out . "  This formula is out of the game . It 's not in the cards now , " he says . The military option has become inevitable . How Iron Dome blocks rockets from Gaza , protects Israelis Operation drill-down Hamas militants have come back stronger after the last military operation in at least one sense , Ben-Yishai says . They have more long-range rockets . Previously , militants had to import them all from the outside . Now they can also construct them themselves . They 've also buried a network of launch sites below the ground 's surface . Hitting them "  is quite a job , " Ben-Yishai says . The Israel Defense Forces will have to strike deep into those systems . But the IDF has also adapted . Its bombs have become more accurate . That also reduces collateral damage in Gaza , he says . Most who die were shooting rockets , he says . "  Those who deserve it . " It 's all a vicious cycle he 's seen before , Levy says . The IDF destroys the militants ' capabilities ; they come back stronger . "  By the next operation , they will be even better equipped , " he says . So will the Israelis . Ground incursion Israel has called up 30,000 reserve troops and has talked about pulling in 10,000 more , a signal that there may be a ground incursion into Gaza . Levy firmly believes it will happen , that the IDF otherwise will not be able to root out militants ' rocket systems . Ben-Yishai is less certain . "  I think it is in the cards . They 've not made the decision yet , " he says of the government . Netanyahu may use aggressive rhetoric but is cautious about military decisions , he says . And so far , the government is satisfied with the operations as they have been -- only from the air thus far . The endgame The government hopes that Protective Edge will give Israel a few years of relative peace , restore normalcy for a time , Ben-Yishai says . "  After every round of hostility ... there is a sort of lull that Israel enjoys very much , " he says . People can think about other things and tackle other issues , like the economy . But it 's not nearly worth the cost , Levy says . Droves of Palestinians will be killed , others ' lives ruined . But even from a purely selfish standpoint , it 's at best an empty victory . "  We will see horrible scenes , " he says . "  The world will condemn Israel . And what comes out of it ? One year of peace . " Ben-Yishai believes there is a permanent gain to be made , that repeated operations in Gaza will wear the enemy down . He hopes that the lulls between battles will get longer and longer , "  until our neighbor realizes that they can not make us disappear . They can not erase us from the map . " Levy thinks Gaza militants wo n't quit until the misery there ends . He predicts that military intervention will set the stage for the next bloodcurdling act -- and then the next . New wave of Israeli airstrikes hammers Gaza Flare-up in Israeli-Palestinian violence : Why now ? Has the Middle East crisis reached a tipping point ?	Military operations in Gaza make sense for Israel , an analyst says They will only make the violence fester and come back strong , says another With talk of the IDF calling up 40,000 reservists , a ground incursion looms
CNN  -- A female sports reporter blasted the all-male Augusta National Golf Club on Monday , a day after a security guard would n't let her in to interview one of the stars of the recent Masters tournament . Tara Sullivan , a reporter with The Bergen  New Jersey  Record , tried to join other reporters Sunday evening in the club 's locker room to interview Rory McElroy , a 21-year-old from Northern Ireland who gave up a big lead at the close of the four-day competition . But a security guard said she could n't come in because she was a woman . Read more about the Masters winner on Golf.com . "  This is not an issue of sensitivity . This is just an issue of doing my job , " Sullivan said Monday . "  I 'm a credentialed reporter . I should have been allowed in . " On Monday , an official with the Augusta , Georgia , golf club explained that the guard had acted in error -- saying that , even though there are no female members in the club , female reporters have been and should be given the same access as men to do their jobs . "  It should not have happened , " said Steve Ethun , Augusta National 's communications director , noting that the guard was not aware of the club 's policies . "  We will work as hard as we can to make sure it does not happen again . " The security guard , who was also female , "  was very apologetic " in denying her access to the locker room in the clubhouse , according to Sullivan . Sullivan responded by citing federal law that mandates equal access for reporters to get into such locker rooms , whatever their gender . "  The guard  said it 's sort of this open bathroom area , " the reporter said . "  I said , ` Yeah , like every professional locker room I go into . ' " Male reporters , including Bill Plaschke of the Los Angeles Times , who did get into the locker room , afterward gave Sullivan transcripts of the interview with McElroy . The Masters , one of professional golf 's four "  major " tournaments , was won by Charl Schwartzel . Sullivan said she was mostly focused on finishing her newspaper column when she sought to enter the locker room . She became the story only after she wrote on her Twitter feed : "  Bad enough no women members at Augusta . But not allowing me to join writers in locker room interview is just wrong . " Years ago , it was that former fact -- that the elite golf club allows only men as members -- that came under the spotlight . In 2002 , women 's rights activist Martha Burk began a movement aimed at forcing the prestigious club , which includes many titans of finance and industry as members , to open its ranks to women . But the club 's then-chairman , Hootie Johnson , resisted these efforts , including saying in a statement that no policy changes would come "  at the point of a bayonet . " As to her situation , Sullivan said she accepts the apology from Augusta National officials . Still , the reporter said that the club -- and not necessarily the security guard herself -- deserves blame for what transpired . "  It 's  the club 's  responsibility that the tournament security week personnel ... are informed of what the policies are , " said Sullivan , who vowed to be back at Augusta National to cover her fifth Masters next spring . "  It was just such a complete lack of awareness , which is inexcusable on the part of the people who run the tournament . " CNN 's David Wilke contributed to this report .	A security guard did n't let Tara Sullivan into the Masters locker room for an interview Sullivan says it 's "  inexcusable " that the guard did n't know the club 's policies A spokesman for the elite club apologized , saying , "  It should not have happened " Only men can be Augusta National members , but female reporters are allowed access
CNN  -- South Korea is n't yet known for its sailing prowess , but that may all be about to change . The America 's Cup is widely recognized as the holy-grail of boating trophies and , for the first time in its 160-year history , a challenge has been accepted from the technologically mighty Asian country . Team Korea will be known as the "  White Tiger Challenge " -- a reference to one of the ancient guardian gods in Korean mythology -- and will compete in San Francisco for the 2013 title alongside 14 other teams , including the staple powerhouses of France , Italy , New Zealand and the U.S. defenders . The surprise entry reflects the recent and rapid growth of the sport in a nation known more for its vast ship-building yards than its nascent sailing culture . "  Korea has all the right ingredients to become a great sailing nation , " said Dong Young Kim , Team Korea 's founder . "  We have a high-tech industry , a reputation for holding world-class events and over 2,000 kilometers of coastline . " The 31-year-old , who cut his sailing teeth as a boat builder in New Zealand after graduating from university in the early 2000s , says South Korea 's sailing aspirations have seemingly come from nowhere . "  When I started sailing at university , there were literally only a couple of hundred sailors in the whole country , and only one major marina , which was built for the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games , " he said . Now , according to Kim , there are seven marinas in South Korea -- up from just three in 2008 -- and another 30 or so in the pipeline . So what 's prompted all this enthusiasm ? Mark Chi arrived in Korea from the U.S. in 2003 and has since established the Busan Expat Sailing Club . He attributes the growing interest in sailing to government policy . "  Several years ago , the Korean government chose ` water leisure sports ' as one of the 10 new industries it wishes to develop , " he explained . "  Since then , many towns along the coast , as well as the capital city of Seoul , have been scrambling to develop the yachting scene in their areas . " But there is also another aspect of government policy that Kim believes has played a significant role : increased leisure time . "  Until quite recently we had a six-day week , with many people working on Saturdays , " said Kim . "  Since the government introduced the five-day working week , more people have time to explore new hobbies . " Indeed , Kim experienced first-hand the untapped national interest in the sport when he founded the Korea Match Cup in 2008 . "  We had queues literally thousands of meters long ! We had had high hopes but never expected that , " he said . According to Kim , a total of 300,000 spectators visited the brand new purpose-built Jeongok Marina during the five-day event in 2008 . The tournament , which was televised around the world , boasts a grand prize of $ 250,000 -- sailing 's single biggest prize . Although widely credited with being the true driving force behind Korea 's dawning love affair with sailboats , Kim is modest about his ambitions . "  I do n't think we have a strong chance to take home the America 's Cup , " he admitted . "  I 'm very happy with the team , but we just do n't have the same experience as the other competitors . " However , with the introduction of 45-foot fixed-wing sails  replacing the smaller , soft sails from previous competitions  , Kim notes that the tournament is likely to be a learning curve for everyone involved . "  The new style of catamarans should level the playing field , but we still have to be realistic , " he said . "  I just hope that our example and the continued popularity of the Korea Match Cup will get young people in the country interested . " Whatever Korea 's chances , Chi is just happy his fellow countrymen are starting to realize what he has known for years : Korea 's natural potential as a top sailing destination . "  The scenery varies greatly from area to area , " he said . "  In Seoul and Busan , you have the backdrop of skyscrapers and tall bridges . Further south , you have many green hills and various islands to explore . " So , could the South Korean coast really be the next Cote D'Azure ? Only time will tell .	South Korea has made a successful bid to participate in the 2013 America 's Cup The move reflects a rapidly growing interest in the sport over the past decade Founder attributes popularity to changes in work laws allowing for more leisure time
Phoenix  CNN  -- Attorneys gave opening statements Thursday in a civil trial accusing an Arizona sheriff -- who bills himself as "  America 's toughest " -- and his department of racial discrimination against Latinos . The American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona and other attorneys are representing Hispanics in a class-action lawsuit accusing Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio of civil rights and constitutional violations . The bench trial is being held in the U.S. District Court in Phoenix . In his opening remarks , Stanley Young , an attorney for the plaintiffs , told the judge that Arpaio and his department violated "  the fundamental value of equal protection under the law " through a "  policy of racial discrimination and mistreatment of Hispanics . " Tim Casey , an attorney for the sheriff , told the court that "  there is no evidence that race or ethnicity played a factor " in the detention of the five named plaintiffs . "  Ethnic constituency of the neighborhood plays no role " in the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Department 's selection of neighborhoods for saturation patrols , Casey said in court . Arpaio is expected to appear in court to testify early next week . Outside the federal courthouse , Arpaio critics demonstrated and carried placards stating , "  No justice . No peace . No racist police . " Get Real ! Sheriff Arpaio renews birther debate Among the first witnesses Thursday was Ralph Taylor , a Temple University professor of criminal justice . Taylor testified that he did a statistical analysis that shows Hispanics are more likely to be checked for immigration status during saturation patrols than non-Hispanics are . Arpaio is nationally known for his tough stances against illegal immigration , but critics have said for years that his approach has created a system of racial profiling . The U.S. Justice Department has also filed a civil rights lawsuit against him , but Thursday 's trial is for a different lawsuit brought by Hispanics who say they were discriminated against . The class-action lawsuit , filed in 2007 , claims that Arpaio and the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office "  launched a series of massive so-called ` crime suppression sweeps ' that show a law enforcement agency operating well beyond the bounds of the law . " The plaintiffs are also being represented by the law firm Covington & Burling . "  They 're never easy cases , there 's no smoking gun , " ACLU of Arizona legal director Dan Pochoda said of the class-action suit . "  We do n't expect a memo in the file that says let 's get these people solely because they 're Hispanic . We believe the evidence will demonstrate that is indeed effectively what was done . " Arpaio and his attorneys declined to comment before the trial . In a CNN interview last year , Arpaio said his department would continue to pursue illegal immigrants . Overheard on CNN.com : Are there winners , losers in immigration policy debate ? "  I know I 'm doing the right thing . I 'm not going to surrender by those little small groups , people that do n't like what I 'm doing . You think I 'm going to surrender ? It 'll never happen , " the sheriff said . The lawsuit charges that the sheriff 's office "  unlawfully instituted a pattern and practice of targeting Latino drivers and passengers in Maricopa County during traffic stops , " the ACLU said in a statement . The sheriff 's tactics violate the Equal Protection Act by discriminating by race and result in prolonged detentions that violate protections against unreasonable searches , the ACLU said . The office 's "  pattern and practice of racial profiling goes beyond these sweeps to include widespread , day-to-day targeting and mistreatment of persons who appear to be Latino , " the lawsuit states . Among the plaintiffs is Manuel Ortega Melendres , a visitor to Arizona who possessed a valid visa . In September 2007 , he was arrested after the car he was riding in was pulled over by Maricopa County deputies . The lawsuit alleges that Melendres showed the officers his identification but was nonetheless treated roughly and arrested . He sat in a cell for hours before a federal immigration agent confirmed that his documents were in order . As a result of his ordeal , Melendres was left "  frightened to walk on the street or be seen in public in Maricopa County because he fears that the sheriff 's officers will come and arrest him again because he is Latino and does not speak English , " the lawsuit states . More from CNN Justice : Feds raid City Hall of New Jersey capital FBI dive team to search for missing Iowa girls Arrest made in Philadelphia attempted abduction Michael Jackson 's siblings attack estate executors CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Natalie Brunell and Chuck Conder contributed to this report . Wian and Conder reported from Phoenix .	NEW : Plaintiffs ' attorney says sheriff practices "  policy of racial discrimination " against Latinos NEW : Sheriff 's attorney says there 's "  no evidence that race or ethnicity played a factor " in detentions The Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office is accused of racial profiling The lawsuit was filed in 2007 by Latinos who say they were discriminated against
CNN  -- Heavy snowfall in Germany has caused part of the roof to collapse at the Veltins Arena , which hosts Bundesliga soccer team Schalke 04 . The stadium , in Gelsenkirchen , stages all Schalke 's home games and was also due to hold the annual biathlon World Team Challenge later this week . But the event has been cancelled after a deluge of snow over Christmas created a hole measuring 1,000 square meters in the roof . Three fibre glass strips that hold the roof in place were destroyed . "  The holes are not going to be closed in time , " Schalke 's chairman Peter Peters said of the biathlon on the club 's official website . "  The safety of the spectators is the utmost priority . " Football 's heroes and villains of 2010 The Bundesliga is currently on its winter break , with Schalke not scheduled to play at the Veltins Arena until the January 15 clash with Hamburg . But that match is not thought to be in danger , as it can be played with the roof open . "  I am optimistic that we will be able to start the second half of the season according to schedule , " Peters said . Staff had cleared an earlier downfall prior to Christmas but were unable to get onto the roof after that due to harsh weather conditions . The stadium was opened in 2001 and can hold 61,482 spectators . It played host to the 2004 UEFA Champions League final and staged five games in the 2006 World Cup .	Heavy snow causes part of the roof at Schalke 's Veltins Arena to collapse A yearly biathlon , the World Team Challenge , scheduled for this week has been cancelled Schalke 's next home game with Hamburg on January 15 not thought to be in danger
CNN  -- Back in the day , Shakespeare enriched the English language by pumping out neologisms like a maniac . Fast forward 400-plus years , and we do n't really have an official bard , per se -- at least not in corporeal form . Nope , if you want to put your finger on the entity that 's currently shaping and torquing our lexicon like a game of drunken Twister , you 're already there : Look down at your keyboard , and then at the screen and down at your keyboard again . Yup . Our bard would be the internet , breeding ground of such gems as "  BRB , " "  tweet , " and , sadly , "  OMG !!!!! " Some may call the advent of internet-speak the demise of the English language , and to them we would say , "  STFU . " Last year , "  unfriend " was deemed the word of the year by the Oxford American Dictionary . So , much like that tattoo of your initials you got emblazoned across your butt last summer after too many G&T s , this new slang is here to stay . Besides , Shakespeare coined the word "  puke , " so it was n't all sunshine and roses back in the 1500s , anyway . Still , there are some internet terms that do n't quite translate when applied to real-life situations  or , OK , any situation other than the original and intended one  , because they 're too obtuse , redundant or just plain stupid . Here 's our take on three of the most awkward phrases and symbols to go from screen to scene : # Ah , the hashtag . First introduced into the Twitter lexicon by Chris Messina in 2007 , the hashtag was originally a way to tie together common threads of conversation  e.g. , Follow Friday , tweets relating to events , news about natural disasters  . Now , however , the hashtag has also become a way in which to emphasize certain ideas on the microblogging site  "  This weekend has completely murdered my soul #whiskeyandheartache  , and , more recently , to denote sarcasm and caustic wit  "  Wow , I really enjoyed that show . Etch-a-Sketch art is totally dope . More free wine , however , would have made the experience much more tolerable . #JustSayin '  . That 's all well and good in the Twitterverse , but when taken into the real world , the hashtag is a bit harder to hash out . You see , the majority of society -- you know , the people who do n't sit in front of their computers tweeting about how "  Eating pancakes makes me feel like death now that I 'm 30 #notakidanymore " -- does n't understand what the hell you 're saying when you tack what amounts to a pound sign onto any given sentence/word in your correspondence  e-mails , etc.  . In fact , they could get offended by what you think is an artfully punctuated joke . Listen , we do not yet have a symbol that translates into sarcasm  despite lofty efforts by the folks over at Sarcmark  , and the hashtag is no exception . So , for now , stick to being caustic and dry , and even then , watch your mouth . Not everyone is socially fluent enough to recognize superior wit when they see it . #JustSayin ' ... @ MoMA 's Department of Architecture and Design may have added the " @ " sign to its collection in March , but the artfully looping symbol has yet to find any real foothold in the conversational realm . Look , it makes sense to add an @ to your name on Twitter , and Facebook now has a handy tagging feature that works with the addition of that particular keystroke , but referring to your friends as " @Tom " or " @T - Bone " in digital parlance such as e-mail or chat is just ... well ... redundant . You already said their name , so why do you need a directive ? Even more egregious is rattling off your Twitter handle in any person-to-person situation  Exception : At tech and social media events this rule is a little less hard and fast , given that your Twitter handle is akin to your phone number  . Not only does it reek of self-promotion , it 's just weird . And take it from us , tech and social-media experts ' behavioral standards should not exactly be your yardstick of appropriateness . LOL Hey , did you know that before "  LOL " came to mean "  laughing out loud , " it was code for "  little old lady " in the medical world ? Well , unless you 're a doc alerting your compatriots to the arrival of a particularly ornery blue-haired broad , never should you stir your vocal cords to utter the phrase "  LOL . " Why ? Because you 're not actually laughing . The day that LOL becomes common parlance , my friends , will be the day that this whole internet Bard-penned comedy will become a complete and utter tragedy .	Some internet terms do not translate when applied to real-life situations The # has become a way in which to emphasize certain ideas on Twitter You can tag a name by adding @ to your name on Twitter or Facebook "  LOL " was code for "  little old lady " before it came to mean "  laughing out loud "
CNN  -- More than 800 Somali children are arriving at crowded refugee camps in Kenya daily after walking for days to escape a prolonged drought , an aid group said this week . About 10 million people are at risk of starvation as the Horn of Africa region faces the worst drought in 60 years , according to the United Nations . The drought has left thousands of children in Somalia , Kenya , Ethiopia and Uganda malnourished , and millions others in danger , Save the Children said . Nearly 1,300 people , including children , are arriving daily at the Dadaab refugee camps in northeastern Kenya , according to Save the Children . "  Children have made long journeys in terrifying conditions , often losing their families along the way and arriving at the camps in desperate need of security , health care and a normal life , " said Catherine Fitzgibbon , program director of Save the Children in Kenya . The influx of refugees in the Dadaab area has worsened conditions in a camp already battling limited resources . Dadaab , which was built for 90,000 people , is home to more than 350,000 refugees . "  Drought has forced children out of school as both human and livestock diseases spread , " the United Nations said in a statement . "  Competition for the meager resources is causing tensions among communities . " Conflict in Somalia is adding to the problem as government forces battle militants in the capital of Mogadishu . The clashes between the two sides have made it hard for aid groups to access the hardest-hit areas . "  It is essential that we move quickly to break the destructive cycle of drought and hunger that forces farmers to sell their means of production as part of their survival strategy , " said Josette Sheeran , the executive director of the World Food Programme . Aid groups said the combined problems of drought and conflict have sent food prices skyrocketing . "  In Somalia , if we are not able to respond rapidly and effectively to it , there will be many more lives lost , " said Mark Bowden , a U.N. humanitarian coordinator in the nation . Food prices have gone up by 270 % in some areas since last year , Bowden said . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	About 10 million people are at risk of starvation in the Horn of Africa region The region faces the worst drought in 60 years , according to the United Nations "  Children have made long journeys in terrifying conditions , " aid group says
WICHITA , Kansas  CNN  -- Scott Roeder 's ex-wife said she believes her former spouse was capable of murder . Scott Roeder , 51 , is being held on a first-degree murder charge and two counts of aggravated assault . Roeder , 51 , is sitting in a Kansas jail , charged with murdering George Tiller , one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortion . "  He was determined that if the abortion doctor killed the baby , then he did n't have any right to live either , " Roeder 's ex-wife Lindsey Roeder told reporters on Monday , refusing to show her face to cameras . Lindsey Roeder said their 10-year marriage ended 13 years ago in part because he had a fanatical preoccupation with certain views , including those on abortion . She said her ex-husband believed killing an abortion provider "  is justifiable , " and described him as self-righteous and someone who may be capable of murder . Scott Roeder was charged Tuesday with one count of first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault stemming from Tiller 's shooting death at Tiller 's Wichita church Sunday morning . Watch panel discuss ramifications of slaying " During a brief initial court appearance , in which he appeared via video from the county jail , Roeder requested a court-appointed lawyer . He has made no plea , and a preliminary hearing is scheduled for June 16 . Police have not disclosed a possible motive in Tiller 's killing . But associates have told CNN that Roeder was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at Tiller 's Wichita clinic , Women 's Health Care Services . And records and interviews with family and fellow abortion protesters suggest Roeder had a fanatical preoccupation with abortion and used Christianity to support his beliefs . In 1996 , he was arrested in Topeka , Kansas , with explosives , a military rifle , ammunition and a gas mask in his car , according to records . His ex-wife said that at that time he intended to blow up an abortion clinic . A Shawnee County judge called Roeder a "  substantial threat to public safety " telling him that one must follow the law as established , not the law as one might wish it to be . Roeder pleaded not guilty , spent 16 months in prison and eight on probation . But his lawyer argued on appeal that his car had been illegally searched , and Roeder 's conviction was vacated . He became known as a regular at protests outside abortion clinics , say those who rallied alongside him . Anti-abortion activists Anthony Leake and Regina Dinwiddie told CNN that Tiller had strong beliefs . "  He was a confessing Christian , " Leake continued . "  He always had his Bible , which was n't uncommon . He professed faith in Jesus Christ . " A man named Scott Roeder signed a message on the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue 's Web site in 2007 , calling for prayers to shut down Tiller 's "  death camp . " "  Sometime soon , would it be feasible to organize as many people as possible to attend Tillers church  inside , not just outside  to have much more of a presence and possibly ask questions of the pastor , deacons , elders and members while there ? Does n't seem like it would hurt anything but bring more attention to Tiller , " the message reads . National anti-abortion organizations , including Operation Rescue , condemned Tiller 's slaying . " -LSB- The alleged killer -RSB- is not one of us , and if he thinks he is , then he is deluded , " said the Rev. Gary Cass , the director of the Christian Anti-Defamation Commission . Dinwiddie , a 54-year-old grandmother , said Roeder once told her that he confronted a doctor at a Planned Parenthood center , telling the physician , "  Now I know what you look like . " "  We all said , ` Scott , you better leave or they are gon na get after you , ' " Dinwiddie said . "  Next thing , all these people come rushing out of the place , all worried . Scott was standing up for what he believed in . " In the mid-1990s , police said he was also possibly linked to the Freemen , an anti-government group based in Montana . Eugene Frye , who says he has known Roeder for years as an anti-tax campaigner , said just Roeder showed up at a recent abortion protest talking about this year 's trial of Tiller , whom Frye called the "  killer . " Tiller was acquitted in March of 19 misdemeanor counts of performing unlawful procedures at his clinic , and Frye said Roeder told him he had attended the trial . See what people are saying about Tiller 's slaying " "  He just said he 'd been down there , and that the trial was a sham , " Frye said . But he said he was surprised that Roeder was a suspect in Tiller 's death , saying he never spoke of any kind of violence . Tiller describes the philosophy of his clinic in 1999 " CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Randi Kaye , Paul Vercammen and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Ex-wife : Scott Roeder was self-righteous , potentially dangerous Scott Roeder , 51 , of the Kansas City , Kansas , area charged with murder Roeder suspected of killing abortion provider Dr. George Tiller on Sunday Tiller was one few remaining doctors in the U.S. offering late-term abortions
CNN  -- Teenage sensation Lydia Ko followed up her record-breaking round of 10-under-par on day one of the Women 's Australian Open with a score of 69 , but it was n't enough to retain the overall lead . Colombian Mariajo Uribe , whose round of nine-under on Thursday was overshadowed by her 15-year-old rival , again kept a bogey off her card as a 67 took her one shot clear on 15-under . Korean World No. 7 Jiyai Shin is hot on the heels of Uribe , her round of six-under drawing her level with Ko on 14-under as the trio gear up for a battle in Canberra over the weekend . "  I went out just wanting to get in the competition more , after two months without playing , so it was a fun round , " Uribe told the tournament 's official website . "  I made good putts , took advantage of the opportunities and the same thing I did today . So I feel pretty good . "  It 's funny because the tournaments I play better are the ones that I 'm rusty or that I 'm not hitting the ball that well . I think I come in with low expectations and things kind of happen . "  I believe in things that are meant to be and I feel it 's meant to be for me to play good this week . Hopefully it stays like that for the weekend . " It is the first time Uribe has led a tournament at the half way stage but she said she was comfortable with the expectation that brings : "  I 'm not the type of player who gets nervous . I love pressure . That 's when I play better , usually . " It was perhaps inevitable Ko would n't be able to repeat her heroics from day one but a steady round of four-under means she is well placed to launch an attack to claim the fourth tournament victory of her fledgling career . "  I think four-under is a pretty good score out there . I mean , it 's not an easy golf course . I 'm pretty sure it is a pretty good score for me , " she said . "  I mean at some points , because my putting was so good yesterday when it did n't go in I was a little disappointed but I think I putted well out there and played well . "	Colombian Mariajo Uribe usurps Lydia Ko to take the lead at Women 's Australian Open Uribe shoots six-under to take the lead by one shot from 15-year-old New Zealander Ko had led after day one with a round of 10-under but shot six worse on Friday
Much as exit polls in the U.S. show after the election this week , the economy is a top concern for Chinese leaders as the ruling Communist Party  CCP  gathers Thursday for the 18th Party Congress . The party is expected to select Xi Jinping and Li Keqiang to become the president and premier , respectively , of China for the next decade . The new leaders will take over an economy at a crossroads . On one hand , many analysts predict that when they hand over the reins to the next leaders in 2023 , China will be nearing the U.S. as the world 's number one economy . On the other hand , the pair will be the first leaders in three decades since China opened to economic reform that have n't presided over double-digit growth . Xi Jinping : From ` sent-down youth ' to China 's top "  We 're going to have to see a new normal , " said Wang Feng , director of the Brookings-Tsinghua Center , at a recent conference . "  The hyper-fast growth rate over the last 10 years is unlikely to be replicated in the future . " The challenge is moving China from an export and investment led economy to one based on domestic consumer-based growth . The flood of investment and exports in the past decade helped the nation 's economy grow an astounding five times -- from $ 1.5 trillion in 2002 to an estimated $ 8.3 trillion this year -- and leap-frogging from the world 's sixth largest economy to its second . The stability of modern Communist Party rule has been built on the promise that it will create a better future for China 's 1.3 billion citizens , one that has largely been delivered by leaders since Deng Xiaoping opened the country to economic reform in 1979 . In that time , more than 600 million people have been lifted out of abject poverty . A government think tank predicted this week that in seven years 600 million Chinese will be part of its swelling middle class . More than half of the country 's workers now reside in urban areas , as rural migrants move to cities for better employment opportunities . China 's next leaders : Who 's who Now the economy has entered an adolescent phase , analysts say , with a burgeoning middle class that 's spending more domestically -- making China the world 's number market in everything from beer sales to car purchases . Yet the economy is still strongly tied to exports , as seen by its slowdown in the wake of the European debt crisis and anemic growth in the U.S. Beijing set a target of 7.5 % this year , the first time the government has forecast growth below 8 % in the past decade . "  The average migrant worker 's wages increased 15 % this year , and inflation is only 1.9 % , so that means lower-wage workers can spend , " said Shaun Rein , managing director of China Market Research Group in Shanghai . "  It 's the middle class consumer that is getting squeezed , especially at multinational corporations , because their wages are being squeezed . " The expectations of China 's emerging consumer class are also changing . "  When I came to China 20 years ago , the average age of a Chinese worker was 24 -- now the average age is 37 , " said Chris Devonshire-Ellis , the founding partner of Dezan Shira & Associates in Beijing , which advises firms on foreign direct investments . Shadow of Mao still lingers over China "  When a worker is 24 , he 's interested in earning a bit of wages , chasing girls , buying cigarettes and beer , " Devonshire-Ellis said . "  Now that guys is 37 , married , has a kid , car , mortgage , wants to send kid to a good school , and travel abroad with the family on trips . " But as China 's fortune 's rise , more of that wealth is going into fewer hands . A study earlier this year by Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in China four that China 's top 10 % of households surveyed have 57 % of the country 's total income and 85 % of total assets . "  Inequality is no longer just a social issue , " Feng said . "  Very importantly , for the migrant  workers  -- there are about 200 million of them in the cities -- and their income has gone up fast but below those who are older city residents . What do you do with this ? They require reform . " Addressing income disparity is a thornier proposition than simply building the new roads , airports and other infrastructure projects that have helped propel the Chinese economy . ` One party , two coalitions ' -- China 's factional politics "  An effective approach to reduce the inequality and to boost consumption is to shift government spending priorities away from massive infrastructure development -- roads , railroads and airports -- and toward social welfare investment , " said Professor Gan Li , director of the China Household Finance Survey . "  If the government creates a stronger social safety net for its citizens , Chinese workers will feel less pressure to save for health emergencies , unemployment and retirement , and more likely to buy goods and services . " The pressure on health and pension services will soon skyrocket . China 's one child policy started in the 1980s curbed population growth , but Beijing now faces a rising tide of retiring workers . By 2030 the number of people over the age of 60 will "  increase from about 185 million to over 350 million and that 's going to be larger than the size of the United States  population  , " Wang noted . In his speech at the opening of the Party Congress , outgoing leader Hu Jintao made an ambitious target for 2020 to double per capita income in China from 2010 levels for both rural and urban dwellers -- the first time a resident 's per capita income has been included in economic targets , state-run media Xinhua notes . China 's 18th Party Congress : Why so secretive ? "  The development gap between urban and rural areas and between regions is still large , and so are income disparities , " Hu said . "  Unbalanced , uncoordinated and unsustainable development remains a big problem . " It 's a clear sign Beijing is worried about income disparity , and the setting of hard targets could put fire to reforms . Time will tell if China 's new leadership will be able to deliver .	Economy is a top concern for Chinese leaders as the ruling Communist Party  CCP  gathers Outgoing leader Hu Jintao sets ambitious targets while noting the problem of "  income disparity " Study : China 's wealthiest 10 % control 57 % of total income and 85 % of total assets New leaders confront a slowing economy , aging workforce and social safety net concerns
A man has been charged with a federal hate crime in connection with what authorities say was a racially motivated "  knockout " assault against an elderly black man , the U.S. Justice Department said Thursday . Conrad Alvin Barrett , 27 , of Katy , Texas , has been charged with one count of violating the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. . Hate Crimes Prevention Act . According to the federal complaint , Barrett attacked the 79-year-old man "  because of the man 's race and color . " He will next appear in court Friday afternoon for a detention hearing . The suspect made a video of the attack November 24 , the complaint said . In the video , he allegedly commented that "  the plan is to see if I were to hit a black person , would this be nationally televised ? " He then allegedly "  hit the man with such force that the man immediately fell to the ground . Barrett then laughed and said ` knockout , ' as he ran to his vehicle and fled . " The victim suffered two jaw fractures and was hospitalized for several days , the complaint said . Barrett 's attorney , George Parnham , told CNN the affidavit does not "  pull back the layers of mental health . " His client has bipolar disorder and takes medication , Parnham said in an earlier call . Parnham said he could not state whether his client carried out the attack , but , "  mental health issues definitely played a part in anything that occurred . " Barrett "  is very sorry for this person , " Parnham said , adding that he and his client have n't had much opportunity to discuss the facts of the case . ` Knockout game ' a national problem The "  knockout game " is an assault in which an assailant aims to knock out an unsuspecting victim with one punch . According to the Justice Department complaint , there have been "  knockout game " incidents , some of which have been called other names , as long ago as 1992 . New York police previously charged suspect Marajh Amrit with a hate crime in the alleged attack of a white Jewish man as part of a "  knockout " game . Similar cases have been reported recently in several states , including Illinois , Missouri and Washington . "  Hate crimes tear at the fabric of entire communities , " U.S. Acting Assistant Attorney General Jocelyn Samuels said Thursday in a Justice Department statement announcing the charge against Barrett . "  As always , the Civil Rights Division will work with our federal and state law enforcement partners to ensure that hate crimes are identified and prosecuted , and that justice is done . " Barrett , who is white , allegedly recorded himself on his cell phone attacking the man and showed the video to others , the department said . "  The complaint alleges Barrett made several videos , one in which he identifies himself and another in which he makes a racial slur . In addition , Barrett had allegedly been working up the ` courage ' to play the ` knockout game ' for approximately a week . " The victim 's face was swollen on one side , and he has had to use a straw to drink , a nephew , Joseph Lewis , told CNN affiliate KTRK-TV in Houston . The station reported that Barrett faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted . Barrett told an off-duty police officer what happened and shared a video , saying he felt bad , the affidavit said . In other videos on his phone that police confiscated , Barrett used the N-word and said that African-Americans "  have n't fully experienced the blessing of evolution , " according to the criminal complaint . "  It is unimaginable in this day and age that one could be drawn to violently attack another based on the color of their skin , " said Special Agent in Charge Stephen Morris of the FBI 's Houston office . "  We remind all citizens that we are protected under the law from such racially motivated attacks , and encourage everyone to report such crimes to the FBI . " New York case In a separate case , New York City police on Wednesday searched for a man who allegedly punched a 33-year-old woman in the back of the head in Brooklyn in what may be a "  knockout " assault . Despite that and other cases , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said last month that city officials have n't seen evidence of a trend , though they are not ruling out the idea . "  The press has named it the so-called knockout game . We do n't discount that that exists . It 's a possibility . We 've investigated and will continue to investigate , " Kelly told reporters in late November . Possible ` knockout ' game victim : ` The whole group of kids just laughed ' Police keep close eye on reports of disturbing ` knockout ' game	Alleged attacker will be in court Friday afternoon for detention hearing His attorney says his client has bipolar disorder Victim suffered two jaw fractures and was hospitalized for days , complaint says In separate case , New York police charged a knockout suspect with a hate crime
CNN  -- The nightmare began around 12:30 p.m. on Christmas Eve . Mike Hermanstorfer stood next to his wife 's hospital bed , stricken . He touched her arm . The skin was cold , ashen . Tracy Hermanstorfer 's heart had stopped . "  I opened my hand and her arm just fell out of mine , " said Hermanstorfer . "  She was already gone . " Moments later , the staff at Memorial Health System in Colorado Springs , Colorado , sounded a Code Blue -- resuscitation needed for cardiac arrest . They would have to act fast : Tracy Hermanstorfer , 33 , was also in labor . Her baby was perilously close to death . But this was a perplexing case . Before her heart stopped beating , Tracy Hermanstorfer was , by all accounts , completely healthy . Doctors still have few clues about what caused her cardiac arrest . "  The risk of a woman dying in the course of trying to carry a pregnancy is an incredibly rare event , " said Dr. Michael Greene , director of obstetrics at Massachusetts General Hospital , who was not involved with Hermanstorfer 's case . "  The number of things that can cause this in an otherwise healthy woman is a very short list . " Greene says that only around eight in 100,000 women die during childbirth in the United States . Dr. Stephanie Martin was 100 yards away when the Code Blue sounded . She ran to the delivery room where Mike Hermanstorfer stood next to what he thought was his dead wife . "  My first thought was that I ca n't allow this father to lose both his wife and his child , especially on Christmas Eve , " said Martin , director of maternal-fetal medicine at Memorial Health System . Watch the Hermanstorfers on AC 360 It was a situation she had witnessed only nine or 10 times during her career . Based on experience , Martin had ideas about what might have caused Hermanstorfer 's cardiac arrest , but nothing was certain . She could rule out things like pre-existing heart problems -- they are rare for someone healthy , young , and with no family history . Hermanstorfer had not experienced excessive blood loss or other major trauma , also common reasons for cardiac problems during childbirth . Watch Dr. Gupta explain what may have happenend Hermanstorfer could have an amniotic fluid embolism , a condition in which the fluid suspending the baby in utero leaks into the mother 's bloodstream . It could also be pulmonary embolism , in which a blood clot in the leg breaks off and lodges in lung tissue . Both conditions cause blood pressure , heart rate and oxygen levels in the blood to plummet -- precisely what was happening to Tracy Hermanstorfer . At 12:40 p.m. , staff attempted to resuscitate Hermanstorfer using a rapid-fire sequence of chest compressions . She was unresponsive . Four minutes later , fearing for the baby 's life , they performed an emergency Caesarean section . "  We call it a four-minute rule , " said Martin . "  I knew that if Tracy was not resuscitated by four to five minutes after her heart stopped , -LSB- the baby 's -RSB- chances for brain injury began to increase dramatically . " But Martin says that if a baby is removed from its mother within five minutes of a witnessed cardiac arrest , the baby will survive 95 percent of the time . At 12:46 p.m. , Mike and Tracy 's baby boy , Coltyn , was born via C-section , limp , but with a faint pulse . Moments after her son was born , Tracy took a timid sip of breath for the first time in several minutes . Her pulse was barely perceptible , but it was there . Almost as suddenly as she had "  died , " she was alive again . "  We all stopped and took a breath , " said Martin . "  We had to make sure she was n't going to re-arrest . " Tracy was stable . Doctors quickly wheeled her out to an operating room to finish her Caesarean and put her on a ventilator to help her breathe . Hospital staff continued their resuscitation of baby Coltyn . In a few minutes his skin was flushed ; he gasped for air and let out a loud wail . "  I thought he was dead until he gasped for air , " said Mike Hermanstorfer . "  When he let that cry out , that 's when the whole world stops . Most parents ca n't stand the sound of a crying baby , but I 'll tell you from experience that 's one of the best sounds you could ever hear . " No sooner had Hermanstorfer absorbed that his son was alive than doctors delivered the news that Tracy was breathing on her own . In a span of minutes , Mike Hermanstorfer went from the despair of losing two people to the elation of having them back . He says he remains stunned , but grateful . "  It has changed my life , " he said . "  You do n't take anything for granted . " Tracy Hermanstorfer still feels a tingle of fear when she thinks about what happened to her . "  It 's scary to know you went into the hospital perfectly healthy and then almost not come out of the hospital at all , " she said . But almost two weeks removed from near-death , there is little time to think about that . The Hermanstorfers want to relish life , with the rest of their family -- sons Austin , 11 , and Cannon , 3 . Tracy will undergo more tests in the coming weeks , but doctors still have no idea what happened to her heart on Christmas Eve .	Mother Tracy Hermanstorfer 's heart suddenly stops as she is in labor on Christmas Eve Doctors battle to revive her , do C-section to deliver baby Coltyn , limp with faint pulse Both are revived ; Tracy 's husband Mike goes from grief to joy in minutes Tests being done to determine why healthy mom suffered cardiac arrest
The first human trial of an experimental Ebola vaccine has produced promising results , U.S. scientists said , raising hopes that protection from the deadly disease may be on the horizon . All 20 healthy adults who received the vaccine in a trial run by researchers from the National Institutes of Health in Maryland produced an immune response and developed anti-Ebola antibodies , the NIH said Wednesday . None suffered serious side effects , although two people developed a brief fever within a day of vaccination . The vaccine is being developed by the NIH 's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and British pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline . The process has been fast-tracked in light of the current catastrophic Ebola outbreak in West Africa , which has claimed more than 5,000 lives . "  Based on these positive results from the first human trial of this candidate vaccine , we are continuing our accelerated plan for larger trials to determine if the vaccine is efficacious in preventing Ebola infection , " said Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . In this trial , genetic material from two strains of the Ebola virus , Sudan and Zaire , was delivered using a chimpanzee cold virus that does not harm humans . The vaccine does not contain the Ebola virus and can not cause a person to be infected with Ebola , the NIH said . The current outbreak involves the Zaire strain . Blood tested The adults , volunteers ages 18 to 50 , were split into two groups . Half received an intramuscular injection of vaccine at a lower dose and 10 received the same vaccine at a higher dose , the NIH said . Researchers tested the volunteers ' blood at two weeks and four weeks after vaccination to determine if anti-Ebola antibodies had been produced . All 20 volunteers developed such antibodies within four weeks of receiving the vaccine , with levels higher in those who were given the higher-dose vaccine . The researchers also looked to see if the vaccine prompted production of immune system cells called T cells , after a previous study on primates using the same vaccine suggested they may also help to protect from the disease . They found that many of the volunteers did produce T cells , including CD8 T cells , which may play a crucial role in protecting against infection by Ebola viruses . Four weeks after vaccination , the CD8 T cells were found in two volunteers who received the lower-dose vaccine and in seven who had the higher dose , the NIH said . The two volunteers who briefly developed a fever had received the higher-dose vaccine . Unanswered questions Professor Andrew Easton , a leading virologist at Britain 's Warwick University , told CNN that the trial was an "  essential first step " toward a vaccine to prevent Ebola and justifies some optimism . However , there are still some unanswered questions , he said . "  We know from some of the preliminary work that went on in animal studies previously that the antibodies that are generated in response to the vaccine do n't last as long as we would like -- there was a clear reduction over a fairly long period of time , about 10 months , " he said . "  So it 's possible that that might be a problem in humans , but the reality is we wo n't know until it 's actually been tested in humans . "  We can hope that it will provide a longer-term protection . If it does n't , at least it gives us some level of protection over a window , which could be enormously valuable in protecting people from outbreaks at the time the outbreaks occur . " Other approaches are being looked at too , he said , and will also benefit from the World Health Organization 's decision this summer to allow some processes to be fast-tracked . WHO : Sierra Leone cases may be increasing If further clinical trials result in an effective vaccine , health care workers on the front line of the fight against Ebola are likely to be the first to receive it . The virus has already taken a heavy toll on those caring for Ebola patients , with 592 health care workers known to have been infected , including 340 who have died , according to WHO . In total , 5,689 people have died from the Ebola virus , as of November 23 , the WHO said in an update Wednesday . There have been 15,935 cases in eight countries since the outbreak began , but Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone remain by far the worst affected countries . They reported 600 new cases in the week ending Sunday , with 385 of those in Sierra Leone . "  Case incidence is stable in Guinea , stable or declining in Liberia , but may still be increasing in Sierra Leone , " the WHO said . The WHO update also warned that cases and deaths continue to be under-reported in this outbreak . Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone have between them recorded 15,901 cases and 5,674 deaths attributed to the virus since the beginning of the outbreak .	A virologist says the trial is an essential first step and justifies some optimism All 20 volunteers in the first clinical trial of the vaccine produced anti-Ebola antibodies None of the volunteers suffered serious side effects , the National Institutes of Health says The vaccine carries genetic material from the virus , but there 's no risk of Ebola infection
CNN  -- Theological conservatives estranged from the Episcopal Church in the United States and the Anglican Church in Canada formed a rival North American "  province " Wednesday . The consecration of Rev. Gene Robinson as bishop of New Hampshire left many conservatives disaffected . Leaders of the new Anglican Church in North America unveiled a draft constitution and a set of canons for the province -- or ecclesiastical territorial division -- at an evening service at the Wheaton Evangelical Free Church in Wheaton , Illinois , the group said in a written statement . "  Some of us have been praying for this for decades , " said Michael W. Howell , who attended the service , according to the statement . "  Instead of focusing on things that divide us , we as orthodox Anglicans are focusing on the things that unite us . " "  The public release of our draft constitution is an important concrete step toward the goal of a biblical , missionary and united Anglican Church in North America , " Bishop Robert Duncan of the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , diocese said in a statement released Wednesday ahead of the service . The move comes after years of debate over several issues , ranging from interpretation of the Bible to homosexuality . Tensions reached a boiling point in 2003 , when the Episcopal Church consecrated an openly gay man , Rev. Gene Robinson , as bishop of New Hampshire . The decision rankled traditionalists , and since then , four dioceses and several parishes have left the Episcopalian Church , including the diocese in Pittsburgh . The others are in Quincy , Illinois ; Fort Worth , Texas ; and San Joaquin , California . Not all parishes in those dioceses have left the Episcopalian Church . In all , the Anglican Church in North America will take in about 100,000 members , including those from the secessionist dioceses and parishes , said Robert Lundy , a spokesman for the group . "  This constitution brings them back together under one church , all aligned together , " Lundy said . "  This is all these folks coming back together . " The preamble to the provisional constitution says the leaders are "  grieved by the current state of brokenness within the Anglican Communion prompted by those who have embraced erroneous teaching and who have rejected a repeated call to repentance , " the group said . Lundy said Wednesday the draft constitution states the province 's core beliefs and doctrine . He said it will not lay out definite policies for issues the leaders disagree on , such as ordaining women . He said it is "  safe to say " Duncan will lead the nascent province . An assembly is likely to be called next year to determine additional leadership , he said . A spokesman for the archbishop of Canterbury issued a statement noting the lengthy process of creating a province , adding that in the case of Wednesday 's service , the process has not yet begun . "  There are clear guidelines set out in the Anglican Consultative Council Reports ... detailing the steps necessary for the amendments of existing provincial constitutions and the creation of new provinces , " said James M. Rosenthal , canon to Archbishop Rowan Williams . "  Once begun , any of these processes will take years to complete . In relation to the recent announcement from the meeting ... the process has not yet begun . " The Rev. Dr. Charles K. Robertson , canon to the presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church , Katharine Jefferts Schori , issued a statement Wednesday ahead of the meeting , saying the church would not hazard a guess as to the consequences of the breakaway group 's action . "  We will not predict what will or will not come out of this meeting , but simply continue to be clear that the Episcopal Church , along with the Anglican Church of Canada and the La Iglesia Anglicana de Mexico , comprise the official , recognized presence of the Anglican Communion in North America . " He added , "  We reiterate what has been true of Anglicanism for centuries : that there is room within the Episcopal Church for people with different views , and we regret that some have felt the need to depart from the diversity of our common life in Christ . " The Episcopal Church is part of the Anglican Communion , which is composed of 38 provinces around the world . It was not immediately clear which of the other provinces would recognize the Anglican Church in North America , but Lundy said a meeting last year in Jerusalem indicated that some would do so .	"  Orthodox Anglicans are focusing on the things that unite us , " man says Move comes after years of dispute over progressive direction of Episcopal Church Tipping point for many was consecration of gay man as bishop of New Hampshire New division expected to take in 100,000 from parishes that left Episcopal Church
London  CNN  -- British lawmakers meeting in emergency session approved a motion Friday to participate in airstrikes against ISIS targets in Iraq . The 524-43 vote came after Prime Minister David Cameron told Parliament that the country had a "  duty to take part " in international efforts to combat the extremist group . The terror group is an organization of "  staggering " brutality , he said , which has already killed one British hostage and threatens the lives of two more . "  This is not a threat on the far side of the world , " he said , but one which menaces European nations directly . In addition to an ISIS-inspired attack on a Jewish museum in Brussels earlier in the year , Europe 's security agencies have disrupted six other ISIS-linked plots , he said . Parliament was recalled by Cameron for the vote on military action in Iraq , which was approved after lengthy debate in the House of Commons and House of Lords . Any proposal to expand the strikes to Syria would require additional action by Parliament , according to the motion . Cameron said Britain should join international allies in combating ISIS , a campaign that he warned would take years , not months . "  The hallmarks will be patience and persistence , not shock and awe , " he said . The government insists such action is legal because Iraq 's government has requested international help to tackle the Sunni extremist group , which has overrun vast swathes of Iraq and Syria and massacred religious minorities and Shia Muslims . Cameron made that point again Friday , saying there was "  no question " of the legality of action given the request by Iraq 's leaders and the broad international backing for the campaign against ISIS . Some MPs may be reluctant to back a bombing campaign in Iraq because of doubts over its effectiveness or unhappiness over past UK military intervention in Iraq . But action has been backed by the governing coalition of the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats , as well as the opposition Labour Party . Labour leader Ed Miliband told lawmakers the United Kingdom "  can not simply stand by " against the threat of ISIS . Now that it 's been approved , military action could start within hours . UK forces have already been taking part in surveillance missions over Iraq , as well as aiding Kurdish forces with equipment . ` Past mistakes ' Cameron acknowledged that the memory of going to war in Iraq in 2003 , when Labour 's Tony Blair was Prime Minister , "  hangs heavy " over the House of Commons . "  This is not 2003 , but we must not use past mistakes as an excuse for inaction , " he said . There is "  no realistic prospect " of defeating ISIS without military action , he said , and Britain has unique assets that no other coalition partner can offer , including precision missiles and surveillance capabilities . "  It is also our duty to take part , " he said . "  Protecting the streets of Britain is not a task that we are prepared to entirely subcontract to other air forces of other countries . " Last year , Cameron suffered a painful defeat in the Commons when MPs voted against action in Syria in response to claims the Syrian government had used chemical weapons against its own people . The motion approved by Parliament on Friday specifically rules out action in Syria unless a separate vote is held . It also rules out the use of UK troops in any possible ground combat operations in Iraq . Cameron : ` Strong case ' for Syria action Asked about the possibility of a change of approach to Syria , Cameron said the situation there was "  more complicated " than in Iraq and that he was not going to change strategy right now . "  ISIS needs to be destroyed in Syria as well as Iraq and we support the action the U.S. and five Arab states have taken in Syria and I do believe there is a strong case for us to do more in Syria , " he said . "  But I did not want to bring a motion to the house today which there was n't consensus for . " British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond told CNN before the vote he was confident the MPs would approve Britain 's participation in the Iraq air campaign against ISIS , but "  there will be assurances that they want to receive . " On the likelihood of Britain 's involvement in Syria , Hammond said that it is not inevitable but that the possibility has n't been ruled out yet . The United States and its coalition partners began bombing raids in Syria this week against ISIS targets . U.S. aircraft had already been carrying out airstrikes against ISIS -- the group also known as ISIL , which calls itself the Islamic State -- in Iraq since last month . ` Haven for terrorism ' Miliband , explaining his support for the motion , said that ISIS ' ambition to create an Islamist state risks destabilizing the region and make it more likely that Iraq would become "  a haven and training ground for terrorism " directed at the UK . He said some in the House of Commons may be wondering if this is a repeat of what happened in the run-up to the 2003 war in Iraq . "  In my view , it is not , " he said , arguing the circumstances now are "  demonstrably different . " On Syria , Miliband differed from Cameron 's view , saying that he would want to see U.N. authorization for action there before Britain stepped in . Former Defense Secretary Liam Fox , a Conservative , said he believed there was a legal basis for action against ISIS in Syria and that it should have been up for debate too . "  Sooner or later we are going to have to do it . It would have been far better if we had said so today , " he said . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , the leader of the Liberal Democrats , said earlier this week that his party would support the air campaign in Iraq because it is legal and has been requested by the Iraqi government . Also , he said , "  It 's part of a much bigger coalition , a whole array of countries , crucially including a number of Arab countries which deprives ISIL of the ability to somehow portray it as a ` West vs. the rest ' crusade . " Hostage plea ISIS beheaded a British hostage , aid worker David Haines , earlier this month and continues to hold another British hostage , aid worker Alan Henning . The group has also released videos of the beheading of two U.S. journalists , James Foley and Steven Sotloff . Haines ' daughter , Bethany Haines , said that she would support airstrikes against ISIS . "  ISIS  need eradicating , they ca n't continue this way , " she said . "  They ca n't be doing this to people and getting away with it , no matter what nationality , if they 're Western or not . Hundreds of Syrians have been killed by them , and they need to be stopped . And , if air strikes or ground force , or anything , is what it takes , that 's what it takes . " Muslim leaders around the world have called for Henning 's release . They include Shaykh Haitham Al Haddad , a judge on the Shariah Council in London , who has said that "  whatever your grievance with American or British foreign policy , executing this man is not the answer . " ISIS has been ramping up its threats against the United States and the West . This summer , the group declared the establishment of a "  caliphate , " an Islamic state stretching across the territory it has conquered . CNN 's Isa Soares and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	NEW : Parliament overwhelmingly backs UK airstrikes on ISIS targets in Iraq Prime Minister David Cameron says a military campaign against ISIS in Iraq is legal "  The hallmarks will be patience and persistence , not shock and awe , " he says The motion approved by Parliament ruled out troops on ground in Iraq , action in Syria
CNN  Everyone 's favorite nonagenarian , Betty White , got the surprise of a lifetime for her 93rd birthday -- a hula-dancing flash mob ! The actress , who played the lovably clueless Rose on "  The Golden Girls , " responded with glee Friday when folks on the set of her sitcom , "  Hot in Cleveland , " greeted her with a choreographed dance number and a banner reading "  Happy Birthday Betty . " The surprise was caught on video : White is being driven in a golf cart on the "  Hot in Cleveland " set by co-star Dave Foley , who casually says , "  I think there might be a little bit of a celebration for your birthday . " The pair is greeted by a woman in Hawaiian regalia performing a hula-style dance . Suddenly she 's joined by dozens of others wearing Hawaiian shirts , grass skirts and leis -- dancing in unison to a techno song . White 's assistant greets her daily with a little hula dance , according to People Magazine . The flash mob culminates in a "  Happy Birthday , Betty ! " salutation from the crowd . After some hugs and kisses , a stunned and smiling Betty responds : "  At 93 , you should n't be doing this ! "	Betty White got a flash mob greeting for her 93rd birthday The former "  Golden Girl " was shocked and delighted "  At 93 , you should n't be doing this ! " she said
Valley Springs , California  CNN  -- Sheriff 's deputies on foot and in patrol cars made their presence known at a northern California school on Monday . Amid the stepped up security , classmates at Jenny Lind Elementary School carried flowers for Leila Fowler . Their parents held onto fear . "  I 'm scared for my kids , for the family , " mother Wendy Converse said . "  It 's horrible . " Fowler , an 8-year-old third-grader at the school , was stabbed to death at her home over the weekend . As police search for suspects , word of the killing has left many shaken in the community , which is about an hour outside of Sacramento . "  Leila was bubbly , she was vivacious , a great student . ... I do n't think I ever saw Leila without a smile on her face , " Amy Hasselwander , the school 's principal , told CNN affiliate KCRA . "  Just a bright girl , just kind , compassionate , sincere to everyone . " Converse said her son , Elijah , was friends with Leila . "  They sit together at school . It 's very sad , " she said . "  Things like that do n't happen here . " The girl died of shock and hemorrhages caused by multiple stab wounds , the Calaveras County Coroner 's Office said on Monday . Her mother said the family was still coming to grips with their loss . "  We are devastated , " Crystal Walters , Leila 's mother , told CNN via Facebook correspondence early Monday . "  She did n't deserve this . ... She was so full of life . " No suspect named Police say Leila and her brother were home alone on Saturday when he saw an intruder leaving the house . He then found his sister stabbed and severely wounded . She died minutes after arriving at the hospital , authorities said . Since then , police have been running down leads but say they have no specific suspect . "  We 're searching extensively into attics and storage sheds . It is a difficult area to search -- it is rural , remote and the grass is tall right now , " Calaveras County Sheriff 's Capt. Jim Macedo said . Authorities have combed the home and the neighborhood for evidence . "  We did collect fingerprints during that search , " Macedo said , "  and we did collect what we believe to be DNA . Those prints and DNA will hopefully be processed within the next week . " A neighborhood on edge Word of the killing rattled many residents in the neighborhood . Michael Range , who lives near the Fowlers , said he heard about Leila 's deadly stabbing from a boy who lives nearby . "  I took my kids instantly and locked the doors , " he said . "  It was scary . We 've been inside all weekend . " Ryan Wydner , who lives across the street from the Fowlers , said the girl 's death left him feeling anxious . "  Anything 's really possible at this point , " he said . "  What 's the difference between that guy going left and right and coming into my house ? I do n't know . " While authorities said they had "  no specific suspect , " they are looking for a white or Hispanic male with a muscular build , about 6 feet tall , wearing a black long-sleeved shirt and blue pants . He is considered to be armed and dangerous , the Sheriff 's Office said . Macedo said the boy who found his sister "  is not a suspect at this time , but we are continuing to talk to him , which would be normal because he was the last person with the child . " Detectives continue to track down dozens of leads phoned into a tip line created Saturday , including some leading to other counties , he said . More than 100 members of the law enforcement community are working on this case , Macedo said . Nanny indicted on charges of stabbing two children to death Georgia girl , 7 , died of head trauma , stabbing CNN 's Paul Vercammen reported from Valley Springs , California . CNN 's Ed Payne reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Stephanie Elam , AnneClaire Stapleton and Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	NEW : The coroner 's office says Leila Fowler died after suffering multiple stab wounds NEW : Amid stepped up security , parents at her elementary school say they 're afraid NEW : School principal : "  I do n't think I ever saw Leila without a smile on her face " The girl 's brother "  is not a suspect at this time , " a sheriff 's spokesman says
CNN  -- In the span of a few days , more than 51,000 people have thrown their support behind a Massachusetts State Police trooper who was temporarily suspended for giving Boston magazine photos of the hunt and capture of one of the Boston bombing suspects . Sgt. Sean Murphy , who was suspended for a day last week for releasing the photos without authorization , will face a closed hearing Tuesday to determine his professional future with the agency , said state police spokesman David Procopio . Boston magazine published what it said were Murphy 's images in a story last week . The piece quoted Murphy as saying that he felt the Rolling Stone cover image -- showing a doe-eyed Dzhokhar Tsarnaev with tousled hair -- was an insult to the victims of the April bombings . What do you think of the Rolling Stone cover ? Boston magazine said it received images that Murphy , a tactical photographer , took of the hunt and capture of the alleged Boston bomber . "  I hope that the people who see these images will know that this was real . It was as real as it gets , " Boston magazine quotes Murphy as saying alongside numerous images , including one of the suspect appearing bloody , looking down , his shirt raised and what looks like a red dot laser trained on his forehead . "  This guy is evil , " Murphy told Boston magazine . "  This is the real Boston bomber . Not someone fluffed and buffed for the cover of Rolling Stone magazine . " A day before three commissioned officers will decide if the sergeant will remain on full or restricted duty pending an investigation or suspended with or without pay during a probe , there was very little hair-splitting on "  Save Sgt. Murphy " about how people feel . "  If the powers that be do the right thing , they 'll give Sgt. Murphy a medal , a long weekend off with pay , a new camera , and an apology , " Richard C. Martin posted on the Facebook page . His comment alone garnered 160 likes . "  I support Sgt Murphy for standing up for the victims , " posted John W. Patterson , "  he 's a true hero for doing what he thinks is right . " But there were a few people who understood why the trooper was in trouble . Darin Vance , a 16-year-old from West Virginia posted , "  I hate to see him lose his job , but what he did really was illegal ; those pictures were not his , since he took them for his employer . Therefore , legally speaking , he stole the picture , and published it . I guess it depends how his contract was set up , but I think all copyrights would have been given over to the state ... " Vance reiterated his support for the trooper to CNN Monday and said that he worried that the Rolling Stone cover might inspire someone to commit an act of terror hoping to land on the cover of a legendary magazine . On Monday CNN reached a woman who said she was the organizer of the page but would only give a first name -- Lisa . She said that she felt compelled to create the page because her own father was a Massachusetts State Police trooper . "  I thought this page would only be popular among my friends , but I 'm getting private messages from people across the country , in Germany and in England , all over , who believe this trooper did the right thing , " she said . "  I was so angry when I heard that Sgt. Murphy was going to suffer for trying to stand up for victims . " Fast Facts : Boston Terror Attack Before quoting Murphy in several long passages , Boston magazine wrote : "  Here , in his own words , Murphy shares his thoughts on the Rolling Stone cover . He stresses that he is speaking strictly for himself and not as a representative of the Massachusetts State Police . " John Wolfson , Boston magazine 's editor in chief , said the magazine has hundreds of photos similar to the ones Murphy provided and will publish more in its September issue . He said Murphy was "  conflicted on some level " about releasing the photos , but "  genuinely worried " about how the Rolling Stone cover will affect the victims ' families . The Rolling Stone cover unleashed a wave of intense reaction on social media , which played out in brick-and-mortar stores . Three prominent New England-based businesses -- CVS pharmacies , Stop & Stop , and Tedeschi Food Shops -- heard the public outcry and announced they would not sell the print edition of the magazine . The 7-Eleven corporation said Thursday its nearly 1,700 company stores across the country wo n't sell the issue . Read more : Rolling Stone cover called a ` slap ' to Boston Some have defended the cover , arguing that it draws much needed attention to a young man who seemed an unlikely terrorist and makes us all reconsider our ideas of what a terrorist would look like . Rolling Stone issued a statement saying that the story "  falls within the traditions of journalism and Rolling Stone 's long-standing commitment to serious and thoughtful coverage ... " "  The fact that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is young , and in the same age group as many of our readers , " the statement read , "  makes it all the more important for us to examine the complexities of this issue and gain a more complete understanding of how a tragedy like this happens . " Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to federal charges in connection with bombings and is awaiting trial . His brother Tamerlan , suspected to have helped carry out the attack , was killed during a gun battle with police . Read more : Suspect pleads not guilty CNN 's Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	Sgt. Sean Murphy will face a hearing Tuesday , Massachusetts State Police spokesman said He was suspended for releasing unauthorized photos of alleged Boston bomber hunt and arrest Boston magazine published images in stark contrast to controversial Rolling Stone cover
CNN  -- The case of Darren Deon Vann , who police say confessed to murdering as many as seven women in northwest Indiana over the past couple of years , is just the latest example of a kind of crime spree that has become all too familiar . At a time when television crime dramas like "  CSI , " "  Criminal Minds , " and "  Law and Order " record high ratings with lurid plot lines about repeat killers , it is easy to come away believing that serial killings are as prevalent as they have ever been . Actually , quite the opposite is true . Looking at the actual numbers , it is clear that serial murder peaked during the 1970s and 1980s , and has declined dramatically ever since . During the 1980s , for example , there were an estimated 200 serial killers operating in the United States ; in the first decade of this century , by contrast , the count was half that figure . Why ? The reasons for this precipitous decline are complex . In part , the drop parallels the sharp downturn in all forms of homicide beginning during the 1990s , and is , to some extent , a result of some of the same factors . The growth in the U.S. prison population , for example , kept many violent predators -- including many potential serial killers -- safely behind bars . In 1980 , for example , the number of prisoners under the jurisdiction of state or federal authorities stood at 330,000 . By 1990 that number had climbed to 773,000 , and by 2009 it had soared to 1.6 million . But the decline in serial murder may also reflect improved law enforcement investigative techniques . True , things might not always work quite as smoothly as they do on the crime drama "  Bones , " but advances in DNA profiling and databases , as well as enhanced interagency communication , may have helped capture many would-be serial killers before they were able to amass a large victim count . In addition , a host of technological innovations -- including Amber Alert , sex offender registries , video surveillance systems , GPS tracking of mobile phones and vehicles , and monitoring of social media and chat rooms -- have presented law enforcement with additional tools to identify and apprehend sexual predators early in their criminal careers . Meanwhile , the Internet has provided sex offenders with a wide variety of options for satiating their sadistic desires without needing to involve unwilling victims . Of course , society may frown on the level of violence in widely available pornography . But as distasteful as it may sound , this ready accessibility may also serve as a cathartic release valve for certain individuals who might otherwise resort to rape , torture and murder  although the evidence on whether it is a release valve or sometimes a catalyst is mixed  . Technology has also provided greater safety for potential victims . Cell phones and their photographic functions have added some level of protection from strangers . At the same time , the greater public awareness of serial offenders has significantly increased the level of caution about accepting rides or gifts from total strangers . Many parents , for example , have become reluctant to permit their unsupervised children to play in the street or the front yard of their own home . Decades ago , hitchhiking was a relatively common way of getting around . Nowadays , most people avoid hitching a ride unless there is absolutely no alternative . When was the last time you actually saw someone thumbing on the side of the road ? Unfortunately , a reduction in known cases of serial murder is not the end of the story . It is possible , for instance , that a number of cases occurring in recent years have not yet been identified and solved , causing them to be absent from the database of known perpetrators . Even now , as in previous decades , so-called "  linkage blindness " continues to prevent or at least delay recognition that a single killer may be responsible for widespread carnage . Before identifying a serial killer , we must first acknowledge the strong possibility that one is operating in a particular community . Over the decades , many serial killers have cleverly concealed the extent of their murderous behavior by varying their modus operandi , as well as the types of victim they target . Forty years ago , when many Americans were first apprised of accounts of serial murder , the fascination with the phenomenon -- and with names like Jeffrey Dahmer and Ted Bundy -- was palpable . As a result , enterprising entrepreneurs marketed serial killer "  murderabilia , " including calendars , trading cards , T-shirts , action figures , paintings and comic books . As the public 's fascination with serial killers has subsided , so has its preoccupation with more typical cases that do not yield double-digit body counts or particularly gruesome tortures . To attract extensive publicity , a serial killer almost has to stay on the loose for decades , kill a dozen victims or more , and engage in disturbing rituals or cannibalism . Fortunately , such characteristics are even rarer than the fans they inspire . Yet regardless of the decline in numbers , any serial murder remains a difficult and perplexing problem for law enforcement . There are still as many as 10 serial killers captured each year by the police , and even a drop in the numbers is unlikely to reduce the level of fear that serial killers still create . Indeed , the power they have over the public 's psyche remains extraordinary , and criminologists have a responsibility to try to understand how and why these offenders take the lives of innocent victims -- and how they can do so with such chillingly cool deliberation . Photos : Infamous serial killers	Serial murder peaked during the 1970s and 1980s , James Alan Fox and Jack Levin write Rapid growth of U.S. prison population may have contributed to the decline , they say But there are still as many as 10 serial killers captured each year by police , they write
Chances are , someone you know takes a sleeping pill . One in four Americans takes a sleep aid every year , according to the National Sleep Foundation , and the numbers are even higher for women -- one in three uses some sort of sleep medication a few times a week . Many sleeping pills stop working after a few hours , and most should not be combined with other medications . Why do women have such trouble sleeping ? The reasons are as numerous as the passel of pills on the market : anxiety , depression , chronic illness , restless legs syndrome , sleep apnea , everyday exhaustion ... the list goes on and on . No wonder so many sleep aids are available . But sleeping pills , while often quite helpful , are largely misunderstood . Many stop working after a few hours , for instance , and most should never be mixed with other meds . So if you take one of these drugs now -- or plan to in the future -- there are important questions you need to ask . Here , the answers . Q : How do I know if I need a sleeping pill ? A : More than a third of Americans experience occasional insomnia , which is defined as a few nights of restlessness , poor sleep , or trouble falling asleep . The general rule of thumb : If insomnia lasts a month and does n't get better , talk to your doctor , says Frisca L. Yan-Go , M.D. , director of the Sleep Disorders Center at Santa Monica-University of California , Los Angeles , Medical Center and Orthopaedic Hospital . She may recommend a pill for a short period , but do n't be surprised if she suggests some tests or other non drug treatment options first . Health.com : How much sleep do you need ? For starters , your doc may have you visit a sleep specialist to rule out sleep apnea , a common breathing disorder that wakes sufferers several times a night , sometimes without them even knowing it . If you have apnea , you may need a sleeping device that gently forces air into your windpipe . If you do n't have apnea , some docs recommend cognitive behavioral therapy : You work with a trained therapist to change how you think about sleep and learn sleep-inducing techniques  like how to set up your sleep space and what to do before bedtime  . Some studies say CBT is as effective as pills -- if not more -- and has no side effects . Health.com : Health risks of snoring and sleep apnea "  Often people attribute everything bad that happens to them , including being angry and crabby , to lack of sleep , " says Donna Arand , Ph.D. , clinical director of the Kettering Sleep Disorders Center in Kettering , Ohio . "  It puts such a burden on sleep that not sleeping gets blown out of proportion . " CBT changes that kind of distorted thinking and in some cases is prescribed along with a pill . Q : Should I try over-the-counter drugs before a prescription pill ? A : Many sleep experts are n't fans of OTC sleep aids because the meds do n't usually help people with significant insomnia . And many -- like Nytol , Simply Sleep , Sominex , and Unisom -- contain antihistamines  similar to the allergy medicine Benadryl  that can have side effects like dry mouth and eyes and next-day grogginess , Arand says . OTC sleep aids are best for people who have occasional sleep problems . Note : Women who breast-feed should avoid them , as should the elderly , who sometimes are more sensitive to the effects of antihistamines . Q : If I take a prescription pill and still ca n't fall asleep , can I take another ? A : If you 're taking a short-acting drug , such as Sonata , Rozerem , or Ambien -- and it 's still early in the evening -- you can take another pill . Short-acting medications kick in and then fade out , which is why they are prescribed for people who have trouble falling asleep . Health.com : Is stress causing your insomnia ? "  They last about three or four hours , so you could take another pill up until about 3 a.m. because it would metabolize before you wake up , " says Ana Krieger , M.D. , a sleep specialist at New York University .  The timing depends on your sleep schedule , of course , and it 's always wise to check with your doctor , she adds .  Longer-acting drugs like the time-released Ambien CR or Lunesta -- for people who have trouble falling and staying asleep -- should n't be taken more than once a night . Q : Is it safe for me to take a sleeping pill at 11 p.m. if I had a glass of wine or a cocktail around 6 p.m. ? A : It 's probably OK , doctors say , but the sleeping pill wo n't work as well as it should . Here 's why : "  Alcohol becomes a stimulant about three to four hours after you drink it , so you 're actually working against your sleep medication , " Arand says . "  It 's a terrible combination . " Never drink and then immediately take a sleep aid . Why ? Alcohol acts like a sedative at first , so you 'd essentially be getting a double dose of sedatives . This can dangerously slow your heart rate and lead to dizziness , fainting , and shallow breathing , which can deprive your body of oxygen and damage brain cells . Worst case : You may even stop breathing altogether . Health.com : 11 kinds of insomnia Because everyone metabolizes food and alcohol at different rates , there are no safety absolutes when it comes to the minimum number of hours you should wait between consuming alcohol and taking a sleeping pill , experts say . "  But if you 're at a dinner party and really want a drink , have the alcohol early , " Krieger says . "  Then eat dessert without any alcohol and wait as long as possible before taking your sleeping pill . " Q : Can sleeping pills give me nightmares ? A : Not usually , Arand says , "  but some sleep meds can suppress dream recall . " When you stop taking them , the dreams  and possibly nightmares  may return . The mechanism is n't fully understood , but once there 's a withdrawal -- even just when the dosage wears off during the night -- vivid dreams can occur . Q : Can I safely take sleeping pills for several months ? A : There are no known long-term health risks with most sleep aids , but some are more addictive than others . "  The newer medications like Ambien C.R. , Sonata , Rozerem , and Lunesta have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration without a limit on how long they can be prescribed , " Arand says . "  They have a small addiction potential , and some have been shown to be effective up to one year . " The older sleeping pills with secobarbital  Seconal  and pentobarbital  Nembutal  pose a much higher risk of addiction . Tolerance is a common problem with all sleeping pills : After taking them for a while , you need more than the usual dose to help you sleep , which may lead you to think you 're addicted . If the drug does n't seem to be working as well as it used to or if you 're taking more than your prescribed dosage , tell your doctor ; she can change or adjust your medication . Q : I 've been taking sleeping pills for several months . What 's the best way to wean myself off ? A : With your doctor 's help , gradually step down your meds . Generally , you want to reduce drugs by one clinical dose per week : If you 're taking 10 milligrams of traditional Ambien a night , start taking 5 mg a night for a week , Arand recommends . Next , cut that pill in half and take that amount for a week . Then , stop taking the drug altogether . Medications in pill  not capsule  form that are n't time-release versions are OK to split .  You can split Ambien , for instance , but not Ambien CR . Q : I 've heard of rebound insomnia . Is it really harder to fall asleep and stay asleep without pills if I 've taken them a few times ? A : You might have some trouble , Krieger says , though it 's less likely with the newer pills -- these include Rozerem , Sonata , and Lunesta . "  Give it a few days to adjust after you stop taking the medication , " Arand explains . If you still ca n't sleep , talk to your physician . Rebound insomnia is one of the reasons some experts recommend CBT over sleep medications . Q : If I do n't want to use sleeping pills , are natural remedies worth trying ? A : Yes , but do n't expect miracles . Melatonin , a sleep hormone your body makes naturally , and the herb valerian may be helpful  both are available at drugstores  , but some experts feel there 's a lack of research to back up the effectiveness of these supplements . Plus , they 're not regulated like drugs , so you do n't always know what you 're getting . That said , if you want to try melatonin , take 0.2 to 1 mg about four hours before bedtime : "  It 's safe to take every day , " Krieger says . "  As we age , our bodies secrete less of it , so taking a supplement can be helpful . " Melatonin may be particularly beneficial when you travel several time zones to the east  like Europe  and have trouble falling asleep . As for valerian , there 's no recommended dosage , and it 's not clear how the herb works . Before using any supplement , check with your doctor ; combining them with other medications -- sleeping pills or otherwise -- can be risky . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	One in four Americans takes a sleep aid every year , organization says Some studies say cognitive behavioral therapy works as well as pills Expert : OTC sleep aids are best for people with occasional sleep problems . Never drink alcohol and then immediately take a sleep aid
Few feats of engineering are synonymous with an entire industry . But Boeing 's 747 jumbo jet revolutionized air travel , adding to the glamour , romance and , most significantly , affordability of commercial flight , while simultaneously slapping it in the face by ushering in the bovine era of mass tourism . Monumental in size , the shape of the 747 is iconic itself -- the enormous wings , four engines and that front end "  hump " make it one of the world 's most recognizable aircraft . To this day , the "  upstairs " seating area -- reserved for a lucky few each flight -- imparts a sense of prestige and exclusivity . Boeing has delivered more than 1,400 of the aircraft to airlines around the world -- not bad for a plane now into its fifth decade . Since its historic debut at the Paris Air Show in 1969 , the company has introduced a number of variations to the 747 family , including the 747-100 , 747-200 and 747-300 . The most common variety for international travelers today are versions of the 747-400 . Each new version has brought enhancements . The 747-400 's most noticeable change was the addition of winglets , which Boeing describes as "  wing tip extensions which reduce lift-induced drag and provide some extra lift . " The 747-400 is no longer being built -- production ended in 2009 . Its successor , the 747-8 Intercontinental , rolled out last year and is currently being built at a rate of two per month . Each 747-8 is made up of about 6 million parts and has a list price of $ 351.4 million . Lufthansa is the only airline flying the passenger version of the 747-8 . It has six in the skies serving cities such as Frankfurt , Los Angeles , Washington D.C. , Bangalore and New Delhi . The first was delivered in 2012 , one of 19 of the aircraft the European carrier ordered , with deliveries expected to be completed in 2015 . This month , the airline added the 747-8 to its Hong Kong-Frankfurt route and invited CNN to tour the latest version of the classic jumbo jet . So what 's different ? No surprise that the 747-8 Intercontinental looks like a 747 . Though 70 % of the airplane 's structural weight is brand new , it has the same iconic shape , though with some noticeable external differences . The wings are new -- an upgrade Boeing had n't originally intended for the new design . Gone are the winglets , replaced by raked wingtips Boeing says increase aerodynamics and , thus , fuel efficiency . The same design is being used on Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner . Boeing says the 747-8 is approximately 14 % more fuel efficient per seat than its predecessor . The engines are new , too . There are still four , but the new design features a scallop-edged casing around each newly developed General Electric engine . As important , though less noticeable to the typical passenger , the plane has been stretched . It 's 5.6 meters  18 feet  longer than its predecessor , with a total length of 76.3 meters  250 feet  . Boeing points out this makes the 747-8 about a meter longer than the Airbus A340-600 and thereby the longest commercial aircraft in the world . The upper deck is also stretched . "  We chose this location  for additional room  because it is here that the airlines benefit the most -- both from the premium seating on both the upper and lower decks , as well as in the cargo hold , " says Boeing 's Joanna Pickup . Inside , the plane still has that exhilarating new airplane smell  kind of like new car smell , but a lot more expensive  , with windows and surfaces joyously free of the scratches , smudges and hair goo residue all too typical of the commercial flying experience . When we toured it was also free of other passengers -- no screaming kids nor  sadly  smiling cabin crew manning the drinks cart . While we ca n't comment on the flying experience , the Lufthansa 747-8 interior is sleek , comfortable , modern and efficient . In other words , German -- designed to get you from A to B in good shape without over the top frills . In economy class , where seats are naturally skeletal compared with their fat cousins up front , nothing feels tacky or about to break . Or worse still , like your father-in-law has been sitting in it for 20 years . ` Wow factor ' With the plane comes Lufthansa 's new business class , which will be retrofitted on the rest of the airline 's fleet . We 've reeled off some of business class ' features and other enhancements in the gallery above . Expect the mod cons -- fully flat seats in biz and first , video on demand , power plugs and iDevice ports and new features such as sound-insulating curtains and cool automatic window shades in first class . On the whole , the plane feels spacious . Admittedly , this is easier to pull off when no one else is aboard , but relocating some storage area to sidewalls  not in overhead spaces  adds a lot of cabin room and makes it less likely passengers will bash their heads on compartments above in that frantic post-landing-must-touch-my-carryon-immediately moment of choreographed  and mystifying  panic . Lufthansa can carry 386 passengers on its 747-8 in its 8-80-298  first-business-economy  arrangement . The upper deck is home to 32 business class seats in a 2-2 configuration -- the width of the area is roughly the same as the interior of the 737-700 . It 's here and at the front of the plane that Lufthansa is aiming to attract customers in the competitive but lucrative East Asia-Europe route . "  This gives us a competitive shift . We have been here for 52 years and we know that customer expectations are high . That 's why we are the first to bring the 747-8 to Hong Kong , " says Andrew Bunn , Lufthansa general manager for Hong Kong , South China , Taiwan and Macau . "  It brings a unique element to our brand . From an economic point of view , it gives us more capacity and is more cost effective . For customers , they will notice and appreciate the enhancements on board . "  More than anything , it is exciting . It is a new experience . It is a new aircraft . There is certainly a ` wow ' factor , not just for our customers . People all over the airport are taking pictures of the aircraft every day . " Still capturing attention , this legend of the skies is showing no signs of retirement . Rather , the 747-8 is the latest chapter in a legendary chunk of aviation history .	747-8 Intercontinental is latest version of the iconic 747 jumbo jet Only five are in operation at the moment , all operated by Lufthansa The 747-8 is the longest commercial aircraft in the world
CNN  -- The future is "  girl . " Imagine girl is a cell that each of us -- boys and girls -- are born with . Imagine this girl cell is central to the evolution of our species and an assurance of the continuation of the human race . Now imagine that a few powerful people , invested in owning this world , understood that the oppression of this cell was key to retaining their power , so they reinterpreted this cell , undermining its value and making us believe that it is weak . They initiated a process to crush , eradicate , annihilate , humiliate , belittle , censor , reduce and kill off the girl cell . This was called patriarchy . Imagine girl is a chip in the huge microcosm of our collective consciousness , which is essential to the balance , wisdom and future of humanity . Imagine that girl is the part of each of us that feels compassion , empathy , passion , intensity , association , relationship , emotion , play , resistance , vulnerability , intuitive intelligence , vision . Imagine that compassion informs wisdom . That vulnerability is our greatest strength . That emotions have inherent logic and lead to radical saving action . Now remember that those in power essentially taught us and conditioned us to believe the opposite : Compassion clouds your thinking . Vulnerability is weakness . Emotions are not to be trusted . Do n't take things personally . To be a boy means not to be a girl . To be a man means not to be a girl . To be strong means not to be a girl . To be a woman means not to be a girl . To be a leader means not to be a girl . It must be very powerful to be a girl if everyone Is taught not to be one . Having traveled the planet for 12 years , visiting more than 60 countries and living in the rape mines of the world , I have been with girls . I have witnessed their realities . I have seen girls with knife wounds and cigarette burns , treated like garbage , beaten by their brothers and fathers and boyfriends and mothers , starving themselves to death to look the way they are supposed to look -- which is close to invisible . We are so accustomed to prohibiting girls from being the subjects of their own life that we have turned them into objects : commodities in the marketplace , bodies to be bought and sold and plundered and married off or raped in war . Buying a girl is cheaper than buying a cow in many places . I have been with boys as well , watched as they have been ridiculed , censored and abused for their tenderness , their doubts , their grief , their need for comfort and protection . I have seen how the tyranny of masculinity has forced boys and then men to cut off their hearts and cast them into a brutal , lonely state of disassociation and isolation . The state of girl , the condition of girl -- in the world and in us -- will determine if this species survives . I believe unleashing the intensity of girl , the outrage of girl , the passion of girl , is the only way to chip away the thick sludge of denial , oppression and indifference that has led to our insane acceptance of a world spinning us toward our end . What I have witnessed across this planet is the wild natural resiliency , fierceness , grace and nobility of girl . The girl cell is our greatest resource , a renewable , untapped energy field like the wind . It is there for us , if we activate it and allow it to resist , dare , challenge , feel and connect . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eve Ensler .	Eve Ensler : Among "  girl " traits are compassion , relationship , emotion , play , vision Ensler writes : These traits are essential to humanity 's evolution and future Ensler : Patriarchy denigrates "  girl " as weak , untrustworthy ; worldwide , girls are abused Oppression of "  girl " leads to an insane acceptance of a world of cruelty , she says
CNN  -- U.S. Army Sgt. Timothy Owens will be remembered as many things . A son , a husband , a father . A victim of Wednesday 's shooting at Fort Hood , Owens loved the Army and planned to make it his career . "  He did n't answer the phone so I left a message on his phone . ` Son , call me so I know if you 're OK or not . ' Well , never got no call from him . I thought : ` Oh God , please do n't let it be , ' " his mother , Mary Muntean , told CNN Springfield , Illinois , affiliate WICS on Thursday . "  Very terrible that they had to shoot my son . He was a good person . Why would they shoot a good person that was helping them ? " Owens is survived by his mother , his wife and two children , according to a family statement . One of his children mourned his passing on Facebook . "  Today at fort hood there was a shooting ... my father sadly died tonight ... . I still feel like it 's all a dream ... . Ca n't feel anything , " wrote Loredana Owens . "  I just want everyone to think for a moment ... . If you have family your fighting with forgive them , love them , because you never know when there gon na be taken from you ... . I love dad and I hate that you were taken away from me ... . I love you daddy " Owens was one of three people killed when a gunman opened fire at the sprawling Texas Army post . The shooting suspect , 34-year-old Spc. Ivan Lopez , also died , of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . Sixteen other people were injured . Owens was described by his family as outgoing . He enjoyed taekwondo . His uncle said his nephew was an honorable man , someone who never met a stranger . "  You see it happening , but you never know that it 's going to come to you . It 's just very disturbing , " Wallace Gerhardt told WICS . "  You 'd think that they 'd have more security and be able to more ready for something like that to happen . I just do n't understand . "	U.S. Army Sgt. Timothy Owens was killed at Fort Hood on Wednesday His family describes him as outgoing , someone who never met a stranger His daughter mourns his passing on Facebook
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- As little Tatyana Larbi , aka Little Miss Muffett , sings about selling her cotton and twigs to the "  sister pigs , " you can tell the young girl is enjoying her moment in the limelight , even if she ca n't see the audience 's response . The mother of Brooke Stegall , 5 , says opera gave her visually impaired child new confidence . The set and costumes are pretty basic . Most were made by parents and volunteers . But that does n't matter to the beaming mothers , fathers and grandparents in the audience . The fact that these 10 children are performing this day is enough for them . All of the actors in the Pumpkin Pickle Pop Cookies Opera are visually impaired 4 - and 5-year-olds . Two are blind , and the others have varying degrees of sight . All are students in Atlanta 's Center for the Visually Impaired BEGIN program . But today is their last day here , and performing this 20-minute opera is their "  thank you " to their families . Watch an awe-inspiring opera performance " "  These parents work so hard to make this happen , " said Anne McComiskey , director of the program . She is very aware of the efforts that both the children and the parents put into the program . "  They have to give up vacation time from their jobs , " she said . "  Some people travel two and three hours once a week to get here . " McComiskey says the program works with newborns , sometimes only days old , up to 5-year-olds . It helps parents understand what is possible for their visually impaired or blind children . "  First of all , we are teaching the parents how to teach their child , " she said . "  Because some 90-odd percent of learning comes through your vision , we have to teach mommy and daddy how to do what they would do typically , a little differently . " She says with the infants , it can be even more basic . "  With a newborn , you 're teaching them about their body . A lot of kids do n't know they have feet . They have never seen them . " All of the children go to the center one day a week . The BEGIN program , which is an acronym for Babies Early Growth Intervention Network , was started in 1985 and has about 95 children go through the program each year . The course costs $ 250 to register , but financial assistance is available . McComiskey says the performance reinforces lessons learned during the course of the program . "  Because this is an opera , they are learning gestures that they would n't learn by watching someone else . And they are learning how to listen and respond . They are learning to work in a group . It 's just many of the concepts that we have been teaching them for five years , coming to play in the opera . " Jacqueline Howard is the center 's music therapist . She came up with the idea for the opera while talking with some of the teachers . She also sees lessons in the performance . "  If you have a visual challenge , you want to be safe in the space you 're in , because you may not be able to see everything around you . So the movements help them feel safe in the space , and we learned to move , sing and play instruments at the same time , which is a challenge for anyone ! " Brooke Stegall , 5 , played one of the five "  sister pigs " in this opera loosely based on "  The Three Little Pigs , " which added the twist of a few other nursery tale characters . Her mother , Rhonda , says the opera changed her daughter . "  She is just a naturally reserved child , and to see her go up there and just sing and do the motions and just smile and have fun -- it was just great . " McComiskey says that that is one of the goals of the program : to instill a sense of "  I can " in the kids . In this case , all 10 students seem to have taken that lesson to heart . All of them will be attending mainstream kindergartens in their school districts next fall . "  That is most unusual , for a child that is blind or visually impaired to go right into a typical kindergarten , " McComiskey said . McComiskey and the program 's teachers worked hard to make sure they are more than prepared . "  We want our kids going into kindergarten ahead of the sighted children in literacy . So we want Tatyana reading Braille , and we want them to be using the long cane so that they can go to the office or whatever , just like anyone else can . " Adds Jacqueline Howard , "  I always say success breeds success , and the confidence they felt by completing this task , when they 're asked to do other things , they 'll remember , ' I did that . I can do anything . ' " Tatyana enthusiastically agrees after the performance . "  I am so proud of myself . "	Atlanta opera inspires visually impaired kids to "  do anything " "  I am so proud of myself , " young girl says after performance Program was formed in 1985 to help blind , visually impaired kids adjust from birth
CNN  -- With talk about the 2016 election heating up , most of the national media has turned the focus on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joseph Biden . Clinton and Biden would be formidable candidates . Either would be a logical successor to President Barack Obama as the leader of the Democratic Party . Yet if they are to be successful , they will need to look outside the beltway to learn about the kinds of issues that are animating voters outside of Washington . They would do well to draw on some of the ideas that have been percolating in recent months from newer voices in the party . And at a time when politicians can suffer quick downfalls , as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is learning , Democrats would do well to make sure that they have other potential candidates who can compete on the national stage , should Clinton or Biden fail to materialize as 2016 candidates . Inside Politics : Hillary Clinton 's telling words about critics Whoever runs , the future of the Democrats may lie in learning from two mayors , two governors and a gubernatorial candidate who are all building on the traditional Democratic theme of security -- a theme that has been central to the party since New Deal -- but trying to do so in new ways . Democrats have an exciting group of mayors who have been garnering enthusiasm for their efforts to tackle the big economic and social issues that Washington seems incapable of resolving . In New York City , Mayor Bill de Blasio has launched a full-scale attack on economic inequality . His campaign captured national attention when he spoke about the tale of two cities , one poor , struggling and devastated , and the other wealthy and thriving . De Blasio kicked off his time in office with ambitious proposals for affordable housing as well as prekindergarten education . He 's already run into obstacles , including tensions with New York 's Gov. Andrew Cuomo , who shot down his plan for a higher minimum wage . De Blasio has had to fend off complaints about snow removal and controversy over his call to a police official to ask about the arrest of a pastor , who has been one of his strong supporters . Still , the mayor has excited Democrats about the possibilities for the revitalization of urban liberalism . Donna Brazile : Enough already with the obsession over Hillary Clinton San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro , who delivered the keynote address at the 2012 Democratic National Convention , has devoted energy to the challenges facing Latinos in his city . He has made an impassioned plea to treat immigration as a human rights issue , urging Congress to provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants . He has also been addressing the issues that greatly concern working families , such as prekindergarten education and job creation . The mayor has been able to boast about its strong economic record in 2013 , with growth in health care as well as oil and gas development , in addition to a thriving housing market . San Antonio is frequently placed in various Top 10 lists of thriving American cities . Democratic governors have also been making waves . In Maryland , one potential 2016 presidential candidate , Martin O'Malley , has been responding to social and cultural changes that have been transforming the nation in recent years . O'Malley has been one of the governors to preside over the legalization of medical marijuana and to oppose the death penalty . He championed economic and financial assistance to illegal immigrants , such as legislation that offers in-state tuition rates for universities . He has also been a staunch supporter of tougher gun control , something that the national parties have failed to achieve even in the aftermath of horrendous shooting incidents . Maryland has made some notable progress in education as well as in attracting innovative companies to the state . Gov. Cuomo in New York has tried to combine tough fiscal discipline with an ongoing commitment to the social safety net . Cuomo has demonstrated his willingness to question some political orthodoxies among Democrats . Early in his term , Cuomo took on public employee unions and got big concessions from them in his effort to limit spending and taxes . Like O'Malley , he has supported same-sex marriage legislation . Cuomo backed legislation that imposed higher taxes on wealthier New Yorkers earlier in his term , though he disagreed with de Blasio 's push for further increases this year , when Cuomo is running for re-election . He , too , has obtained stricter gun controls at a time that the federal government seemed paralyzed on the issue Another source of new ideas is Juliette Kayyem , a former assistant secretary of Homeland Security and former CNN contributor . She is seeking the Democratic nomination for Massachusetts governor against Martha Coakley . Kayyem is running a campaign centered on the need for government to help restore security to middle-class families . Kayyem is proposing ideas to promote the interests of working women , including efforts to eliminate the wage gap and to enable affordable childcare . She is tackling structural problems in the economy with ideas for improving public transportation and investing in community colleges . Building on her experience in government , she is also looking for better ways to provide physical security by dealing with vulnerable infrastructure that national policymakers have not done enough to protect . Democrats are building a sizable farm team in the states , filled with new voices and innovative ideas that will play a big role in the coming years : support for education , educational assistance to immigrants , job growth programs , child care , gun controls and more . Only of few of these candidates might be ready for the national spotlight -- like O'Malley and maybe Cuomo -- but the others might have bright futures on the horizon . Given the gridlock in Washington , Clinton , Biden and anyone else running in 2016 would do well to look to the state and local level as they craft their agenda . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : If they run in 2016 , Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden need new ideas He says a number of mayors and governors provide clues for new Democratic agenda Zelizer says the focus from governors and mayors is on middle-class security Zelizer cites Mayors Bill de Blasio , Julian Castro and Govs. Andrew Cuomo , Martin O'Malley
ORME , Tennessee  CNN  -- The drought in the Southeastern United States means more than just brown lawns to the folks in Orme , Tennessee . Water flows from their taps for just three hours each evening . A 1961 firetruck loads up with water from a hydrant in Alabama to haul back to Orme , Tennessee . The mountain spring that supplies water to the town usually dries up at the end of summer , but just for a few days . This year it dried up early , on August 1 , and has n't revived , leaving the town 's 145 residents high and dry and relying on water trucked in from the next state . Every day at 6 p.m. , Orme Mayor Tony Reames turns a big valve to release water from the town 's tank . When he turns the crank again at 9 p.m. , taps in the town run dry . "  When they cut it back on we jump for joy , " Orme resident Debbie Cash said . "  And then you only have it for three hours . " Three hours to do all the laundry , bathing , dishwashing and animal watering that has to be done . Watch how Cash copes " The old mining town could be the canary in the coal mine for the rest of the region . Just 150 miles to the southeast , the 4.5 million people who live in and around Atlanta , Georgia , are nervously watching water levels go down at their major reservoir . The drought has highlighted an ongoing struggle between Georgia , Alabama and Florida over rights to water from the Chattahoochee River . "  All of these people that are on the river systems better take note , because once your streams and tributaries to the river start drying up , the river is n't far behind , " Reames said . See photos of a Atlanta 's shrinking Lake Lanier reservoir " Volunteers take turns three days a week driving a tanker truck or Orme 's diesel-belching 1961 fire truck to a hydrant near Bridgeport , Alabama , 2 1/2 miles down the road . Making several round trips , they haul about 25,000 gallons of water back to Orme each day . Bridgeport , which gets its water from the Tennessee River , does n't charge its neighbor . Stevenson and New Hope , Alabama , also help out , occasionally bringing trucks full of water to the hydrant , where it 's transferred to the Orme trucks . See where Orme has to go for water " But things are looking up in Orme . A pipeline from Bridgeport is nearly complete , built with the help of a $ 378,000 grant from the federal government . "  With this new water coming in , then we 'll have it made , " Cash said . "  Now we wo n't have to worry about it no more . " In addition , an Austin , Texas , company called H2O Guard is planning to donate water-saving sink aerators , shower heads and toilet valves to everyone in Orme on November 17 , company spokesman Robert Easter said . "  We think we 're going to get another 90 gallons ' savings per day per household , " Easter said . "  That 'll make that little water tower in that town go from three hours to four hours without any change in anyone 's habits . " Reames said residents have found creative ways to conserve , flushing toilets with condensation water from air conditioners and undrinkable water from swimming pools that were filled early in the summer . It 's a lesson for everyone . "  Cherish the water you got and be kind of careful with it , " Cash said , "  because you never know if you will be out of water . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	Orme , Tennessee , has running water from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Town 's spring ran dry in midst of Southeast drought Donated water is trucked in from Alabama Completion of pipeline will solve problem for good
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund moved a big step closer to a first German Bundesliga title in nine years on Saturday with a historic 3-1 victory over defending champions Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena . Jurgen Klopp 's team moved 13 points clear of second-placed Bayer Leverkusen , who visit Werder Bremen on Sunday , and 16 ahead of Bayern -- who lost at home to Dortmund for the first time in 20 years . Louis van Gaal 's team dropped to fourth after the home defeat , occupying Germany 's final Champions League position for next season with 10 rounds to play . Paraguay striker Lucas Barrios opened the scoring in the ninth minute with his 11th goal of the season after Bayern midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger lost posesssion to Kevin Grosskreutz , who threaded a perfect pass into the penalty area . Welcome win for struggling Wolfsburg Brazilian defender Luis Gustavo equalized seven minutes later with his first goal for Bayern since arriving from Hoffenheim in January , sidefooting in a volley from Franck Ribery 's corner . Dortmund immediately went back in front through a wonderful effort from Turkey midfielder Nuri Sahin , who curled a 20-yard left-foot shot past goalkeeper Thomas Kraft . Bundesliga top scorer Mario Gomez thought he had leveled again in the 20th minute , but the striker was ruled to be offside . Former Bayern defender Mats Hummels sealed the Westphalian team 's victory with a header from Mario Gotze 's corner on the hour mark . With 15 minutes left , Dortmund 's 22-year-old Australian keeper Mitchell Langerak capped a solid Bundesliga debut when he denied Germany international Gomez from close range . Hanover claimed third place after central defender Christian Schulz 's last-gasp header was enough to see off St. Pauli . The 27-year-old converted from Portuguese winger Sergio Pinto 's 87th-minute corner to put Mirko Slomka 's team two points ahead of Bayern , . Mainz remained in fifth place after also needing a late goal to snatch all three points away to Hoffenheim . Former Austria midfielder Andreas Ivanschitz put the visitors in front before his compatriot David Alaba looked to have rescued a draw for ninth-placed Hoffenheim in the 84th minute . But with just four minutes left , 30-year-old Colombian midfielder Elkin Soto secured victory for Thomas Tuchel 's Mainz with his second league goal of the season . Germany international Lukas Podolski scored an 88th-minute winner to help Cologne beat SC Freiburg and climb into 11th position , eight points behind their opponents . Sixth-placed Hamburg could only manage a 1-1 draw away to relegation-threatened Kaiserslautern . Marco Kurz 's Kaiserslautern drew first blood through Adam Hlousek 's first-half goal , but Marcell Jansen 's leveler for Armin Veh 's Hamburg left the home team in 15th position and above the relegation play-off place on goal difference . Schalke 's disappointing Bundesliga season continued with a 1-1 draw at home to Nuremberg . Nuremberg , currently eighth in the table , took the lead through Jens Hegeler , only for former Real Madrid and Spain striker Raul to equalize after 52 minutes .	Borussia Dortmund record first win away to Bayern Munich since 1991 The 3-1 victory leaves Jurgen Klopp 's team 13 points clear at the top of the table Hanover move up to third above Bayern after a last-gasp 2-1 triumph at St. Pauli Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen will travel to Werder Bremen on Sunday
On Thursday , a major tech company stepped into the middle of a vicious two-month-long battle among video game fans , scholars , developers and journalists over the representation of women in games . Intel has pulled an ad campaign from popular video game news site Gamasutra . The move is in response to a online protest by a group of gamers upset with a column by the site 's editor-at-large , Leigh Alexander . A veteran games journalist , Alexander is one of many writers who have recently been critical of parts of the gamer culture and the male-centric "  gamer " identity . Gamasutra confirmed the action on Twitter , saying "  Yes , our partners at @intel were flooded with complaints over a recent opinion piece , and they did pull an ad campaign . " The tension began in August when critic and academic Anita Sarkeesian released the latest episode in her YouTube show on female tropes in video games . Around the same time , a game designer named Zoe Quinn was attacked online by an ex-boyfriend who claimed she cheated on him with a games journalist . Both women found themselves at the receiving end of graphic threats of violence from defensive gamers and Internet trolls . Sarkeesian contacted the police and had to temporarily leave her home . The backlash against the two soon spread to journalists and others who were critical of the gaming status quo and the way women are treated in the medium . On the other end are gamers who feel their subculture is being threatened . Some game players worry that activists will cause game makers to change their product to please a wider audience . They started rallying under the #Gamergate hashtag . Supporters of the Gamergate movement , who are well organized and driven , say they are actually combating corrupt games journalism . In the case of Alexander , they say her columns were "  offensive " and "  racist . " The emails to Intel were part of a larger campaign against sites that have published content they find offensive , including Kotaku and Polygon . After confirming that Intel had indeed pulled the ads , a company spokesperson told Re/Code on Wednesday , "  We take feedback from our customers very seriously especially as it relates to contextually relevant content and placements . " Intel declined to comment further to CNN .	Intel has pulled ads from gaming news site Gamasutra The chip maker was responding to a campaign by gamers upset with a recent column The site and others are being targeted for challenging the representation of women in video games
EW  -- Looks like the mercurial Jay Gatsby will remain mysteriously out of reach for a bit longer . Warner Bros. announced today that "  The Great Gatsby , " director Baz Luhrmann 's 3-D adaptation of the seminal novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald , has been pushed to Summer 2013 . Starring Leonardo DiCaprio in the title role , along with Tobey Maguire , Carey Mulligan , and Joel Edgerton , the film had been slated to open on Christmas day this year . No specific new date was indicated . In announcing the change , Warner Bros. president of distribution Dan Fellman lauded Luhrmann 's singular visual style . "  We think moviegoers of all ages are going to embrace it , and it makes sense to ensure this unique film reaches the largest audience possible , " he said in a statement . International distribution chief Veronika Kwan Vanderberg added that the studio believes "  The Great Gatsby " "  will be the perfect summer movie around the world . " The film would have gone head to head with Quentin Tarantino 's "  Django Unchained , " which also stars DiCaprio in a supporting role as the cruel owner of a plantation in the pre-Civil War south . Read full story at EW.com .	Warner Bros. announced ` The Great Gatsby ' has been pushed to Summer 2013 The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio , Tobey Maguire , Carey Mulligan and Joel Edgerton It had been slated to open on Christmas day No specific date for release has been stated
CNN  -- Rosemary Murphy , an Emmy Award-winning actress , has died . She was 89 . Murphy died Saturday night at her home in Manhattan , her agent confirmed to CNN . The New York Times cited cancer as the cause of death . Murphy was known for her film role as Miss Maudie Atkinson in the 1962 classic "  To Kill a Mockingbird . " Murphy played the neighbor to widower and lawyer Atticus Finch , played by Gregory Peck . In 1976 , it was Murphy 's portrayal of Sara Delano Roosevelt , the mother of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt , in the ABC television movie "  Eleanor and Franklin " that earned her an Emmy . The following year she was nominated for another Emmy when she reprised her role as Roosevelt for the sequel , "  Eleanor and Franklin : The White House Years . " Murphy also appeared on Broadway receiving Tony nominations for roles in 1960 's "  Period of Adjustment " as the wife of a Korean War veteran ; as Dorothy Cleaves , a wife who finds out about her husband 's infidelity in "  Any Wednesday " ; and in "  A Delicate Balance , " where she played an alcoholic named Claire . "  To Kill a Mockingbird " now an e-book She continued to work in television , portraying the mother of presidents . In the 1984 miniseries "  George Washington " Murphy played Mary Ball Washington , the mother of the nation 's first president . She also portrayed Rose Kennedy , the mother of President John F. Kennedy , in 1991 's "  A Woman Named Jackie . " Her later TV credits include the long-running soap operas , "  The Young and the Restless " and "  As the World Turns . " According to IMDB , one of Murphy 's last roles was for the film "  The Romantics " with Katie Holmes , Anna Paquin and Josh Duhamel . Murphy 's survivors include a sister , Mildred Pond . Photos : People we 've lost in 2014	Murphy played Miss Maudie Atkinson in "  To Kill a Mockingbird " She won an Emmy for a role in "  Eleanor and Franklin " She also appeared in soap operas
CNN  -- As an ailing Nelson Mandela recuperates in a South African hospital , the world celebrated his 95th birthday Thursday , honoring his legacy in various ways , including performing 67 minutes of community service . Voice from a Kenyan slum : Mandela saved my life Schoolchildren sang "  Happy Birthday " to the former president during morning assemblies while crowds left flowers and candles outside his Pretoria hospital . The day also marks 15 years since he married his wife , Graca Machel . President Jacob Zuma said that Mandela , who has been hospitalized with a lung ailment since June , is "  steadily improving . " Zuma 's latest assessment comes after weeks of describing Mandela 's heath as critical but stable . Read more : The six names of Nelson Mandela The president wished Mandela a happy birthday . "  We are proud to call this international icon our own as South Africans and wish him good health , " Zuma said . "  We thank all our people for supporting Madiba throughout the hospitalization with undying love and compassion . We also thank all for responding to the call to give Madiba the biggest birthday celebration ever this year . " South Africans affectionately refer to Mandela as Madiba , his clan name . The United Nations declared July 18 as Mandela Day four years ago to honor his role in reconciling a country torn apart by apartheid . It started as a call to promote global peace and encourage community service . Read more : Mandela posters mark 95th birthday His foundation is asking people to volunteer 67 minutes of public service on his birthday , a reference to the number of years he devoted to public service . President Bill Clinton joins tributes At an event in New York City , former U.S. President Bill Clinton was among the speakers to pay a heartfelt tribute to Mandela and his achievements . Clinton , whose presidency coincided with Mandela 's , recalled how they developed a personal friendship over the course of two decades after first meeting before Clinton 's election to the White House . He paid tribute to Mandela 's life of service , saying the world could learn from his example , as an anti-apartheid campaigner , as South Africa 's president and after leaving office . Mandela 's commitment to helping those with HIV/AIDS helped millions of people in the developing world gain access to medication , he said . Clinton also recalled how Malala Yousafzai , the schoolgirl shot by the Taliban for promoting education for girls , had cited Mandela as an influence in her own address to the United Nations a week ago . "  Though he is old and frail and fighting for his life ... what is in his heart still glows in his smile and lights up the room , " Clinton said , adding that Mandela had demonstrated that "  none of us has to be in public office to be of public service . " Andrew Mlangeni , 87 , who was imprisoned with Mandela , hailed his friend as "  a modern day global icon , an embodiment of the values of justice , peace , selflessness and consideration . " The world 's celebration of Mandela 's birthday is also a celebration of the human values that the former leader represents , he said . He said Mandela was "  making very good progress " and appealed to those gathered to continue to pray for him . The Rev. Jesse Jackson , the U.S. civil rights leader , praised Mandela 's commitment to healing and equality and urged people to honor his courage . The world "  will never forget the living witness of Nelson Mandela , " he said , describing him as a "  giant of men . " ` Path to justice ' U.S. President Barack Obama , who visited with Mandela 's family in South Africa last month , also sent birthday wishes . "  People everywhere have the opportunity to honor Madiba through individual and collective acts of service , " he said in a prepared statement . "  Through our own lives , by heeding his example , we can honor the man who showed his own people -- and the world -- the path to justice , equality and freedom . " The frail icon has not appeared in public for years , but he retains his popularity as the father of democracy and emblem of the nation 's fight against apartheid . His defiance of white minority rule focused the world 's attention on apartheid , the legalized racial segregation enforced by the South African government until 1994 . The raid that saw Mandela jailed for life : Liliesleaf 50 years on His hospitalization has given his birthday a sentimental touch . The South African Embassy in the United States said it will be the biggest celebration since his birthday in 1990 , the year he was freed from prison . The festivities are not limited to South Africa . In the United States , the embassy said 18 cities , including the nation 's capital , will hold various events to celebrate his birthday . Family feud Mandela 's family has faced an anxious few weeks while the former president has been hospitalized . His daughter , Zindzi Mandela-Motlhajwa , told the South African Press Association on Thursday that her father was making "  remarkable progress " and that she looks forward to seeing him back home soon . A public family feud over where three of Mandela 's deceased children should be buried has added to their stress . Last month , family members sued Mandela 's grandson to return the remains to Qunu , the former president 's childhood home . The grandson , Mandla Mandela , exhumed the remains from Qunu two years ago , then reburied them in Mvezo , where he 's built a visitor center . They were returned to Qunu this month after a court order . The matter is back in court Thursday , said Freddie Pilusa , a spokesman for the grandson . "  Mandla does not want the graves repatriated , but he wants the decision forcing him to move them rescinded because it was based on incorrect information , " he said . Mandela , a Nobel peace laureate , spent 27 years in prison for fighting against oppression of minorities in South Africa . He became the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed from prison . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : "  What is in his heart still glows in his smile , " says Bill Clinton of Mandela The United Nations declared July 18 as Mandela Day four years ago It started as call to promote global peace and encourage community service Dispute over burial of Mandela 's children is back in court , a spokesman says
CNN  -- An Ohio man who has been legally dead since 1994 will remain so in the eyes of the law after losing his complaint to overturn his death filing , according to authorities . Donald Miller , 61 , testified Monday that he disappeared in 1986 after losing his job , leaving behind a wife , two children and thousands of dollars of unpaid child support , according to James Hammer , the attorney for Miller 's ex-wife , Robin Miller . He was declared legally dead eight years later . Donald Miller said he returned to Ohio "  around 2005 " with no knowledge of his legal death , and that he had hoped to reestablish his Social Security number . A legal statute in Ohio prevents changes to death rulings once three years have passed , Hammer told CNN , and Judge Allan Davis ruled accordingly in Hancock County Probate Court . "  In over 40 years , I 've never come across a case like this , " the judge told CNN . "  In the end though , because of the statute , it was a pretty open-and-shut case . " Hammer recounts that at the time of Donald Miller 's legal death in 1994 , he owed Robin Miller around $ 25,000 in child support , a matter which could have been complicated had the judge ruled in Donald Miller 's favor on Monday . Following the 1994 ruling , Hammer said , Robin Miller began receiving Social Security death benefits to support her two children . "  There could have been the possibility that my client would have to pay back what she received from Social Security , " Hammer said . "  We certainly did not want to open that door , so we 're satisfied with the outcome . " Despite her relief at the court 's ruling , Hammer says his client has no ill will toward her ex-husband . Donald Miller 's attorney was not immediately available for comment Wednesday . He still has 30 days to appeal the court 's ruling , according Judge Davis .	Donald Miller testified Monday that he disappeared in 1986 after losing his job He left behind his wife , kids and thousands of dollars in unpaid child support He was declared legally dead in 1994 ; he went to court seeking to overturn that ruling In Ohio , a ruling of legal death can not be overturned after three years
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- A South Florida jury found former World Series hero Jim Leyritz guilty of driving drunk Saturday but acquitted him of a more serious charge of DUI manslaughter . An emotional Leyritz was handcuffed until the verdict was read , then went over to thank each of the six jurors and was later released on bond . The ex-baseball player could still face a maximum of six months in prison , but that 's far short of the 15 years he could have faced for hitting and killing 30-year-old Freida Veitch while driving drunk . "  He 's free , " said his mother , Betty Leyritz . "  He is the most happy man now . " The verdict followed a busy Friday , the first day that the jury of five men and one woman began deliberations . Judge Marc H. Gold first tossed out a count of DUI manslaughter based on impairment , finding insufficient evidence for the charge to go to the jury . Later , at 6 p.m. , the jury sent a note to Gold saying they had reached a stalemate . "  We have completely decided that we will not agree on this decision , " the note said . "  How do we proceed ? " Gold asked the jurors to continue talking , and they deliberated for another hour Saturday before reaching a verdict . Three jurors said Saturday that they had only taken 45 minutes to decide to acquit Leyritz of manslaughter . A single juror -- Sharon Wessinger -- held out , wanting to also acquit him on the drunk driving charge , but she changed her mind Saturday . After the verdict , Leyritz came over to three of the jurors , talking to them and showing them pictures of his three sons , of whom he 's the primary custodial parent . Wessingerthen explained to him her change of heart Saturday morning , in siding with the other jurors and convict him on the drunken driving charge . "  The thought of it going into another trial later and you possibly being convicted of manslaughter , when we were n't doing that , I could n't let that happen , " Wessinger said . Jury foreman Brian Haul told CNN 's siter network TruTV that , while all six people quickly agreed Leyritz was n't guilty of the greater charge , they felt compelled to hold him responsible on some grounds . "  Are we going to go in front the public and say it 's OK to have four or five drinks within an hour or so period of time and then hit the road ? I think that was the deciding factor , " he said . Prosecution and defense will meet December 1 , to settle on a sentencing date on the drunken driving charge . Until then , Leyritz is free on bond and required to breath into a device every time he gets behind the wheel . According to court documents , the incident began as a 2007 night-time celebration for Leyritz , who was ringing in his 44thbirthday with friends by bar-hopping in Fort Lauderdale . While driving a friend home shortly after 3 a.m. on December 28 , 2007 , his red 2006 Ford Expedition hit the vehicle of 30-year-old Freida Veitch . She was thrown from her dark green 2000 Mitsubishi Montero . Blood drawn from Leyritz three hours later showed he had 0.14 percent blood alcohol level , above the 0.08 legal limit in Florida . He also failed field sobriety tests , according to police . Veitch was also drunk -- with a 0.18 blood alcohol level -- and was not wearing her seat belt , according to court documents . Leyritz played 11 years in the major leagues , including all or parts of eight seasons with the New York Yankees . His career highlight came in 1996 , when he hit a winning home run in game four of the World Series . He also hit pivotal homers during the 1995 , 1998 and 1999 postseasons . He remained in the limelight after his career ended in 2000 , appearing on national and New York-based radio programs . Leyritz admitted that he 'd used amphetamines in his playing days . After his arrest , the twice-divorced Leyritz told truTV 's In Session , he lost his job as a sports commentator and lost an endorsement deal , leaving him to rely on loans from friends and reporters . His girlfriend , Michelle Caruso , say Leyritz was "  terrified this morning , " and happy about the verdict . "  He was worried about a hung jury , " she said . "  I 'm just so happy that his kids have their dad back . " In Session 's Grace Wong contributed to this report .	A South Florida jury acquitted Jim Leyritz of DUI manslaughter The ex-baseball player was convicted of a lesser drunken driving charge Leyritz could have faced 15 years in prison for killing a woman while driving drunk
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's president said Tuesday his country welcomes talks with the United States "  in a fair atmosphere with mutual respect . " Women in Tehran celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Islamic revolution Tuesday . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad made the remarks a day after President Barack Obama said the United States is looking for opportunities for "  face to face " dialogue with Iran , even though he has "  deep concerns " about Tehran 's actions . "  Right now , the world is entering the era of dialogue , " Ahmadinejad told hundreds of thousands of people in a celebration of the 30th anniversary of the Islamic revolution . "  The new U.S. administration announced that it 's willing to bring about a number of changes and is now taking the course for dialogue . It 's quite clear that real change should be fundamental , not just a tactical change , and it is quite clear that the Iranian nation will greet real changes . "  The Iranian nation is ready to hold up talks , but talks in a fair atmosphere with mutual respect , " Ahmadinejad said . In Washington , Obama was asked about U.S. relations with Iran during his first prime-time news conference on Monday night . Watch news conference in full " "  There 's been a lot of mistrust built up over the years , so it 's not going to happen overnight , " Obama said . He said his administration is reviewing existing U.S. policy toward Iran , which supports groups Washington has branded terrorist organizations , such as Hezbollah and Hamas , and has defied U.N. demands to halt its uranium enrichment program . Despite those concerns , Obama said his administration wants to use "  all the resources at the United States ' disposal " to resolve those concerns . "  My expectation is , in the coming months , we will be looking for openings that can be created where we can start sitting across the table , face-to-face diplomatic overtures , that will allow us to move our policy in a new direction , " Obama said . "  So there are going to be a set of objectives that we have in these conversations , but I think that there 's the possibility at least of a relationship of mutual respect and progress . " The United States and Iran have not had diplomatic relations since 1979 . During that year , the Shah of Iran was forced to flee the country and the Ayatollah Khomeini took power . Later that year , Iranian students took over and seized hostages at the U.S. Embassy . Relations have been cut since then . U.S. President George W. Bush labeled Iran as a member of the "  axis of evil " after the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks . Iran celebrated the 30th anniversary of the revolution Tuesday with crowds chanting "  Death to America . " Watch the parade in Iran " Tensions have rippled over issues such as Iran 's nuclear program , Israel , and Iraq , and have been aggravated since the outspoken Ahmadinejad came to power in 2005 . Western nations believe Iran is intent on building a nuclear weapon . Ahmadinejad has been criticized for his vehemence against and provocative remarks toward Israel and for Iran 's support of Hamas militants in Gaza and the Hezbollah movement in Lebanon -- militants groups that Israel has battled . Also , the United States has accused Iran of backing Iraqi insurgents . In recent years , the Iraq conflict has provided an opportunity for Iran and the United States to cooperate since both countries support the Shiite-dominated Iraqi government and Iraqis have urged both countries to put aside their differences in helping Iraq . In 2007 , U.S. and Iraqi envoys met several times in Baghdad . Ahmadinejad addressed the conflict in Iraq , saying that 1 million people have been killed and others have been displaced because of the "  Bush administration war on Iraq . " "  To deal with the root cause of insecurity I think that we should go and find the main culprits , including Bush himself and his administration . They must be put on trial , " said Ahmadinejad . "  The world does not want to see the dark age of Bush being repeated . " Addressing the issue of terrorism , Ahmadinejad said Iran has been fighting terror for 30 years and that Iran itself been victimized by terror . "  If you want to fight terrorism in practice come and work with the Iranian nation , " he said . "  If you want to eradicate the root causes of massacres and aggression , let 's sit together and see what has been behind the reasons why we have had wars in the Persian Gulf and the Middle East . " As usual , he had harsh words for Israel , a state he loathes and a topic that whips up passions among his supporters . "  If you want to eradicate crime , let 's work together with the Iranian nation and other nations of the world and let 's put on trial the Zionist leaders of the Zionist regime , " the Iranian leader said . As for nuclear power , Iran has said it wants to harness it for energy and Ahmadinejad indicated Iran is against deploying nuclear weaponry . "  If you want to fight proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , then you should join us and help us so that we will show you the right way . Yes we 're opposed to nuclear weapons of mass destruction . They 're real threats and they must be destroyed . Iran has been a victim of the use of chemical weapons of mass destruction but the only way would be justice and the use of appropriate mechanisms , " he said . "  If they really want to have real security , then they should be able to work with us and then we will be able to revisit the structure of the Security Council -- and remember the Security Council itself is the root cause of discrimination -- we should change this structure and then have justice . " The United States also is concerned about Iran 's technological pursuits . Iran successfully launched its first satellite into orbit last week , a step hailed by Iran 's president as a "  source of pride " for the Islamic republic , according to state-run news outlets . The launch of the satellite Omid -- which means "  Hope " in Farsi -- was timed to coincide with the 30th anniversary celebrations of the Islamic revolution in Iran , according to Iranian media reports . U.S. Department of Defense officials confirmed the launch , and the State Department expressed "  grave concern . " In August , Iran performed a test of a rocket capable of launching a satellite into orbit . Iranian officials declared that mission a success , but U.S. officials disputed that . Senior U.S. officials had expressed concerned about the test of the rocket , saying Iran could use the rocket to deliver warheads . On Monday , Obama said Iran must "  send some signals that it wants to act differently , as well , and recognize that , even as it has some rights as a member of the international community , with those rights come responsibilities . " "  It 's important that , even as we engage in this direct diplomacy , we are very clear about certain deep concerns that we have as a country , that Iran understands that we find the funding of terrorist organizations unacceptable , that we 're clear about the fact that a nuclear Iran could set off a nuclear arms race in the region that would be profoundly destabilizing . " Praising Iran 's people history and traditions as "  extraordinary , Obama says the nation 's actions over many years now have been unhelpful when it comes to promoting peace and prosperity both in the region and around the world . " "  Their financing of terrorist organizations like Hezbollah and Hamas , the bellicose language that they 've used towards Israel , their development of a nuclear weapon or their pursuit of a nuclear weapon , that all those things create the possibility of destabilizing the region and are not only contrary to our interests , but I think are contrary to the interests of international peace . "	U.S. seeking opportunities for "  face to face " dialogue with Iran , says Obama Iranian president Ahmadinejad : We welcome Obama comments U.S. has not had diplomatic ties with Iran for nearly three decades Ahmadinejad makes speech as Iranians mark 30th anniversary of Islamic revolution .
CNN  -- Wiry , wizened and dressed in a tattered old jelaba robe , Abdul-Hakim lives in a world in which fact and fantasy are blurred together through an ancient alchemy . Almost every day over four decades and more , he 's stood out in Jemaa el Fna , the great sprawling square that forms the heart of medieval Marrakech in Morocco . In cold winter rain and mist , and in the searing heat of the endless desert summer , he 's one enduring fixture , a constant force in a realm constantly touched by change . He stands there , knitted cap pulled down tight over a balding scalp , fingers gnarled and black with dirt , a face conjured from a weather-worn sheet of chapped leather . As the muezzin 's voice radiates down over the long morning shadows , Abdul-Hakim finishes his prayer and steps out into the sunlight . Having given a blessing that begins "  All things to the pious , " he claps his hands to gain an audience . All of a sudden , the story begins : "  There was once a woodcutter named Mushkil Gusha , " he says , his voice rasping a tale from the "  Arabian Nights . " "  A man who was as honest and kind as any other alive ... " Within an instant , a halqa has formed , a sacred circle of souls . Pressed shoulder to shoulder , the listeners crane forward , as they do , day in day out , every day . For them , Abdul-Hakim 's stories are a kind of magical lifeblood , a wisdom and an entertainment all rolled into one . "  He transports us to distant kingdoms , " says Malik , a shopkeeper from a nearby perfume stall . "  Only he can weave magic like this . I was brought up with his tales , just as my own sons have been . " The hakawati , the storyteller , lowers his voice , a technique to draw the listeners in towards him . He takes his time , feeding them the tale as though it were some delicious sweet . Powders and homemade lotions A stone 's throw away , a healer is setting up his stall . He 's dressed in the light blue robe of the Tuareg , his skin as dark as his teeth are white . From an old Berber chest he pulls out his wares -- a clutch of ostrich eggs , a pair of dried chameleons , a jaguar 's skull and an assortment of vials and jars , powders and homemade lotions . Beside him is another medicine man . His stock in trade is sulfur and antimony , dried damask roses , and a half-gallon pot of lizard oil . Across from him is a dentist . In his right hand is a pair of electrical pincers . In his left , a shoebox half-filled with human teeth . "  I never cause any pain , " he explains meekly . "  You see , it 's because I whisper a spell as I make the extraction . Take a seat here , sir , and I will prove it to you now . " By late morning , the tale of the woodcutter Mushkil Gusha is nearing its end , and the dentist , from the inner reaches of the desert , is posing for a picture . A tourist from Brooklyn slips out his camera and points to a bottle marked with a skull and crossed bones . He wonders aloud what 's inside . The Tuareg healer grins a fearsome , almost maniacal grin . "  It 's for revenge , " he lisps . The last shadows melt away as noon approaches , and as the summer heat begins its raw and unrelenting suffocation . A scattering of tourists amble about , soaking up an atmosphere that has allured visitors for centuries . They 're from every corner of the world . Distant desert outpost These days most people fly in directly to Marrakech . It sometimes feels as though they hardly have a clue where are . After all , the airport could be anywhere . The ancient mud walls that encircle the city 's medina are a clue though -- a clue that this was once a distant desert outpost , fortified for life and death . Marrakech may be easy to get to now , but it 's smack in the middle of Morocco 's red desert . With that heritage comes a kind of Twilight Zone sense of the miraculous . Like the tales woven by Abdul-Hakim , Marrakech blurs the lines between fact and fantasy , and touches all who venture here with its sorcery . As the afternoon heat reaches its height , the snake charmers slink out from the cool of the cafes , the shrill sound of their flutes , known as rhaita , forming a hypnotic stage on which their overheated cobras perform . Gradually , the afternoon heat begins to wane . And , as it does so , a slew of acrobats tumble and fall across the square 's great open space . Members of the Gnaoua , an ancient brotherhood , they clatter huge iron castanets , warding away supernatural jinn . Abdul-Hakim pauses for the late afternoon prayer . When he 's done , he sips a little water and chews on m ` simmen , a kind of Moroccan pancake . And then , wiping his eyes with the corner of his handkerchief , he begins another favored tale from "  The Thousand and One Nights , " a story half as old as time , called "  The City of Brass . " Sheep brains and spicy sausages As his words waft out over the square , there 's the thunderous sound of steel wheels rapping hard over stone . Dozens of iron carts are hurtling forward . Like gun carriages hastening to war , they 're pushed into position at lightning speed , and quickly unloaded . Within a few minutes , clouds of dense oily smoke are billowing up into the dusk , as the stalls start touting all manner of foods . In Jemaa el Fna 's nocturnal incarnation , tourists and locals dine on sheep 's brains and spiced Berber sausages , mutton tagines , roasted chicken and trout . A lithe good-mannered figure is hustling for custom outside Stall 117 . Going by the nickname "  Denzil Washington , " he appears ready to sell anything . Working as a volunteer in an orphanage by day , he supports himself by touting in the square at night . "  One-one-seven ! " he cries is a faux cockney voice . "  It 'll take you to heaven ! " Away from the smoke , the incandescent light bulbs , and the uproar of the feast , a blind musician draws a bow over the strings of a battered old violin . A microphone strapped around his neck leads to a little amplifier , cupped in the hands of his young grandson . The sound stretches out like a magic carpet laid over the desert floor . Listen hard , and you find yourself transported back in time to an encampment in the wilderness , a watering hole for camels and men . As the night approaches , the medicine men and the healers pack up their bones , their potions , and their boxes of human teeth . The Gnaoua disappear into the shadows , and the snake charmers slink away home for another night . Abdul-Hakim is one of the last to go . Pausing at a cliffhanger in his epic tale , he tugs off his knitted cap and holds it upside down . A few Dirham coins are dropped in by locals . The storyteller does a mental calculation . Just enough for dinner . "  They 'll be back here in the morning as sure as day follows night , " he says . "  You see , they 're caught in my spell . I can see it in their eyes . They simply ca n't resist . " Tahir Shah moved from London to Casablanca 10 years ago . He 's the author of more than 15 books and is best known for "  The Caliph 's House , " which details the tribulations of living in a haunted Moroccan home .	Jemaa el Fna , Marrakech 's ancient central square , hosts snake charmers , medicine men , food vendors Storyteller Abdul-Hakim is a daily presence in the square , keeping his audiences spellbound with traditional Arabic tales In the evening the square comes alive with musicians and acrobats
Washington  CNN  -- A lawyer for Benghazi suspect Ahmed Salin Faraj Abu Khatallah entered a plea of not guilty Monday to all charges related to the 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic complex in Libya . But the federal judge in Washington delayed the setting of a trial date as prosecutors address concerns about classified material that will be involved in the case . The government 's attorney declined to say whether Khatallah will be the only defendant . Khatallah was brought to District Court in a motorcade under heavy security that included a police helicopter circling overhead and U.S. marshals with M4 carbines patrolling the court perimeter . Inside the courthouse , a bomb-sniffing dog explored the courtroom before the hearing began . Khatallah , a slender man with long gray hair and a shaggy gray beard , was led in by a team of four plainclothes security officers , three of whom stood directly behind him during the proceeding . He wore dark green overalls with "  Alexandria Inmate " stenciled on the back , but he was not restrained by handcuffs or leg chains . An interpreter provided Khatallah with a narrative . Khatallah stood for his lawyer to enter his plea of not guilty but did not speak . During the short hearing , prosecutors said they needed more time to work with a variety of government agencies in obtaining classified materials that defense attorneys can use in the case . A defense attorney told the judge that prosecutors have been slow to produce even a bare minimum of documents that could allow her to make progress . "  We have to start getting the basis on which he 's being charged , " said defense attorney Michelle Peterson , complaining it 's been five months since Khatallah was first named . A federal grand jury handed up an 18-count indictment October 14 that replaces a single count initially filed June 26 . The indictment alleges he was the ringleader of the attack , leading 20 others to attack the diplomatic complex . Among the charges was murder for the deaths of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens and three American security officers . Khatallah remained free for more than a year after the attacks , doing interviews with CNN and other media , prompting criticism of the Obama administration over how long it was taking to arrest the alleged attackers . He was arrested in a military raid in Libya in June and charged in federal court in Washington , D.C. , mere yards away from Capitol buildings where he has become the center of political controversy . U.S. District Judge Christopher Cooper asked prosecutor Michael DiLorenzo to characterize the state of document production required for the defense . He responded by saying there are "  thousands of thousands of pages " and hundreds of hours of video , both consisting of a mix between classified and unclassified material . DiLorenzo said the government will request a closed hearing to discuss how to handle the classified material already in hand and anticipated from other government agencies . Peterson told the judge it is misleading for prosecutors to list a large quantity that she has received so far , since she believes much of it is less meaningful than it could be . "  They 're still redacting names that are publicly available , " she said , asserting that the defense should n't have to spend its time piecing together a puzzle of who said what . Prosecutors did not directly answer the judge 's question as to when they will be ready to propose a trial date , and the defense counsel said her team needs more time to review the additional charges recently filed . Cooper then continued the case to Tuesday , December 9 at 10 a.m.	Ahmed Salin Faraj Abu Khatallah faces 18 charges including murder He was arrested in a military raid in Libya in June His defense attorney says prosecutors have not provided many documents A prosecutor cites a large volume of materials
CNN  -- As America grapples with a crisis of children on its southern border , another image from another time seems inescapable : that ship full of Jewish refugees off our shores as World War II approached . You might have seen the story portrayed in the Holocaust Museum in Washington . It unfolded in 1939 as Jewish families fleeing from Germany took passage to Cuba on a German liner , the St. Louis . While underway , Cuba decided to deny them entry so they turned toward America , desperately hoping the United States would show them compassion . But the U.S. political climate had turned hostile toward the growing number of European Jewish immigrants . On June 6 , 1939 , their ship hovered off the coast of Miami Beach -- only to learn that the U.S. government refused them entry . Losing hope , the St. Louis turned back to Europe and there , in the months and years that followed , over a third of its passengers perished at Nazi hands . America has had many noble moments , but that was a moment of shame that left an indelible stain . Seventy-five years later , we are faced with a new group of desperate people hovering in our midst -- this time children from Central America escaping escalating levels of violence few of us can fathom . While certainly no Nazi Germany , the growing humanitarian crisis in their home countries is glaring as rising murder rates for youths are a driving force behind the mass exodus . How will we respond this time ? A family secret that changed his life As has been widely reported , the number of unaccompanied children arriving from El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras has increased tenfold since 2011 . It 's no surprise that the current system -- designed for no more than 8,000 children -- has collapsed under the stress of 40,000 unaccompanied minors since in October . By year 's end , our government says , as many as 90,000 may be apprehended -- a tripling of last year 's border arrest figures . But just as with the Jewish refugees on the St. Louis , this influx is not primarily a story of immigrants traveling to America to seek opportunity and prosperity . This is a story of three countries so plagued by gang violence , chaos and poverty that a family would rather pay a "  coyote " 18 months of income to take their 14-year-old daughter on a life-threatening 45-day , 2,000-mile journey than have her risk her life at home . This is a story of three countries with levels of violence comparable to a war zone . Honduras suffers from the highest murder rate in the world , and El Salvador and Guatemala are in the top five . In fact , a civilian is twice as likely to be killed in these three countries as in Iraq during the height of the war . It is also the story of three broken states where the police are infiltrated by street gangs  some copied on U.S. models  and governments -- corrupt from top to bottom -- are helpless in their fight against organized crime . And it 's the kids who are most at risk in this story . Boys are recruited into gangs sometimes before they hit their teenage years . Girls are forced into nonconsensual relationships with gang members where they are raped , abused and sometimes "  disposed " of afterward . And any defiance invites violent retaliation and , often , death . One immigration rights advocate recalls a mother telling her , "  I would rather see my child die on the way to the United States than die on my doorstep . " Another organization reports a child explaining , "  If you stay , you will die , if you leave , you might . ... Either way it 's better to try . " What should be done ? We can solve the immediate crisis of children piling up in detention centers . Congress can -- and should -- pass some version of the president 's $ 3.7 billion emergency spending request . We can -- and should -- beef up security at the border , hire more judges to expedite the process , and track down the children who skip their court dates . We can -- and should -- provide due process to these kids , seeing who legally qualifies for staying here as refugees from persecution . Estimates vary on how many will qualify . But those calling for mass deportations of the rest need to think long and hard about what sort of fate we are sending these kids back to . Unless circumstances change , many forced to return to their cities will likely perish . They are now in our care . Are we not morally obligated to prevent the possible deaths and abuses of thousands of these children ? So how do we humanely protect these kids without encouraging new waves of children to undertake highly dangerous journeys and wind up on our already overstressed border ? Surely , we as Americans are capable of coming up with creative solutions that are compassionate as well as sensible , solutions that tell the world  and ourselves  that we still aspire to be good-hearted , noble but pragmatic people . Three steps come quickly to mind . We invite you to post others . -- First , we should respond generously to those children who have already arrived or will soon . For those who qualify for refugee status under U.S. law , we should ask families across our country to help provide new homes for them . -- Second , we should push to establish "  safe zones " -- operated by the United Nations , supported by the U.S. -- for returning children and their families in their native countries and work with those countries to reduce their violence and expand hope . Opinion : Border crisis could last a long time -- Third , once the "  safe zones " are developed , we should set a firm date when all children who arrive thereafter will be returned to their native countries regardless . The idea of "  safe zones " is not new . The United Nations has successfully established such protected areas in two major instances : to protect refugees in the Indochinese crisis of the 1970s and to shield 2 million Kurds from slaughter by Saddam Hussein 's troops after the 1991 Gulf War . As we learned from a "  safe area " that did not work in Bosnia in 1995 , it is essential that there be enough well-armed international and regional troops on the ground to ensure zones are not overrun . In Bosnia , thousands lost their lives . Understandably , many Americans are fatigued from trying to help other nations when our own communities are desperate for more help . Polls show that our citizenry , frustrated and disgusted by years of wars that are ending badly , are more opposed to the U.S. taking on new tasks overseas than at any time in the past 50 years . And it 's true : the only way this crisis ends well in the long run is if these Central America governments successfully fight back against gang violence and corruption . We will definitely need to aid them in their efforts , as we did in Colombia where our financial support has helped to stem the tide . Even so , moments inevitably come that define who we are as a people . As the saying goes , we may not be looking for trouble but trouble is looking for us . How we respond to these thousands upon thousands of desperate , destitute children is one of those moments . Will we turn our backs , as we did so shamefully to those Jewish refugees years ago ? Or will we live by our ideals ? That is the choice we now face .	Gergen , Katz : U.S. turned away ship of German Jewish refugees fleeing Nazis That shameful episode is remembered as fate of Central American children is debated They say U.N. safe zones , supported by the US , should be established in Central America Authors : U.S. has a duty to be compassionate toward the refugee children
CNN  -- I will always love you . Unless you cause a ruckus and divert a non-stop flight from Los Angeles to New York to another airport . A customer on an American Airlines flight would not stop singing "  I will always love you , " the classic Dolly Parton song also made famous by the late Whitney Houston in the movie "  The Bodyguard . " The flight was diverted to Kansas City 's airport on Thursday after the woman became disruptive , according to CNN affiliate KMBC in Kansas City . A passenger video appears to show the woman singing the song as she 's taken off the airplane by police . "  The passenger was detained , not arrested , and then released pending further investigation by the TSA  Transportation Safety Administration  and federal air marshals , " said Tom McKenna , a Kansas City International Airport spokesman . "  I can confirm that she was singing ' I Will Always Love You ' as she was escorted off the plane . " said McKenna . Kansas City Aviation Department officials told KMBC that the woman failed to cooperate with a federal air marshal . KMBC reports that the woman told authorities her behavior was a result of her diabetes . "  The only thing I can confirm is that American Airlines Flight 4 from Los Angeles  LAX  to New York  JFK  last Thursday evening diverted to Kansas City  MCI  because of a disruptive passenger , " American Airlines spokesman Matt Miller told CNN .	A flight to New York City landed in Kansas City to remove a disruptive passenger A Kansas City airport spokesman confirmed she was singing "  I will always love you " The song was written by Dolly Parton and made famous by the late Whitney Houston
WIRED  -- Last month , when Zack Ajmal was planning a vacation to Italy , he set out to find the first thing that a traveler would need in a foreign land : a map . But digital maps of Rome and Venice for his Garmin GPS device cost almost $ 100 . So instead , Ajmal turned to OpenStreet Map , a community-driven maps database . A user-edited map of cycling routes in Perth , Australia , available on OpenStreetMap 's site . "  It worked out pretty well , " the Atlanta-based engineer says . "  I found Open MTB , which had outdoor hiking and cycling maps with not just roads information , but also trails , short cuts and little known routes . " Ajmal is among roughly half a million users who are eschewing proprietary maps information from GPS companies and instead going with crowdsourced versions , which they then load onto their GPS devices and smartphones . The key to these map hacks is OpenStreetMap . Founded in 2004 , OSM is to maps what Wikipedia is to encyclopedias . The site offers maps that can be edited , customized and loaded on to devices for free . Want to go whitewater rafting but need to know where the rapids are ? There 's a map for that . Or to know all the interesting points along the river Nile ? There 's a map for that . And it 's all based on the OpenStreetMap data . "  The value is that it is a richer map with more up-to-date information because anyone can fix things , " says Steve Coast , one of the founders of OpenStreetMap . "  Users get access to the underlying data and not just a picture of the maps . " Consumer map data is currently a duopoly split between two mapping providers : Nokia 's Navteq and TomTom 's Tele Atlas . The two provide the mapping data that powers almost all commercial map applications and devices . But maps from these providers are extremely restrictive in how they can be used . Want a map of the best hiking trails in the country or a walking tour of Rome ? Traditional GPS services ca n't offer that . For adventurous geeks that calls for a DIY fix . "  OSM maps are a little new on the scene , " says Rich Owings , who runs the GPStracklog.com website and is the author of the book GPS Mapping . "  Most people in the U.S. were not using them until recently , but now there are iPhone apps based on it . " Getting OpenStreetMap is easier on some devices than others . In Garmin systems , it 's as simple as taking one of the available maps and dropping it into a folder on the device . "  It 's really hard to mess up your GPS doing this , " says Owings . "  And if you have questions you can always ask the community to help you out . " Owings says he loaded maps of Ecuador on his Garmin unit in about 30 minutes . "  It 's not as clean of a map as one you can get from the Garmin store but they are pretty wonderful and have very good coverage . " For TomTom systems , getting OpenStreetMap can be a more difficult process . TomTom uses a proprietary mapping format , says Coast . That means a tricky process of converting OpenStreetMap into a TomTom-compatible format . OpenStreetMap has also been used to create iPhone apps such as MotionX , which is targeted at hikers , skiers and bikers ; B.iCycle , a cyclometer that shows burned calories , trip distance and trails ; and ATM@UK, which shows all ATM locations in Great Britain . The OpenStreetMap project is a cartographer 's dream come true , says Randal Hale , who has a GIS consulting business . Hale has created custom maps for a few clients using OpenStreetMap and has put OSM-generated maps on his Garmin unit . "  With the professional mapping software , I have to purchase a license to use their version , which is expensive and I ca n't use the data for analysis , " says Hale . "  With OpenStreetMap , I download it , make cartographic edits and hopefully I have made it better for the next user . " Meanwhile , traditional navigation companies are also reaching out to users for help on data . For instance , Nokia kicked off a pilot project at the University of California at Berkeley to collect traffic information through GPS-enabled cellphones . Users could download the software for free and use it to check on road conditions on their phones . At the same time , the software would report data about its users ' positions to a central database , enabling the researchers to assemble traffic data in real time . Google has also said it will add nationwide real-time traffic data to its maps by collecting anonymous location data from Google Maps users . Still , community-created maps and navigation information remains a small niche , appealing only to "  GPS techies " who are willing to take risks , says Owings . "  There 's not a lot of public awareness because many people do n't even know they can do this with their Garmin or cellphone , " he says . But if you are planning to go to Berlin later this year , take a look at the OpenStreetMap site . Germany is expected to become the first country in the site 's database to be fully mapped by contributors . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	About half a million users are embracing crowdsourced versions of digital maps OpenStreetMap offers maps that can be customized and loaded to GPS devices Crowdsourced maps can show hiking trails , whitewater rapids and other features Developers are creating iPhone applications based on these maps
CNN  -- Authorities in Chandler , Arizona , said they believe the gunman who held hostages at a restaurant is the same man who fled into a mall after opening fire on members of a crime task force . The man who surrendered at the Baja Fresh restaurant is not the federal fugitive that U.S. marshals thought they might have spotted earlier outside the Chandler Fashion Center , said Chandler Police Sgt. Joe Favazzo . After a thorough police sweep , the mall reopened later Wednesday , Chandler Detective David Ramer told CNN . "  We believe there is only one suspect here , " Favazzo said . A woman who fled the restaurant , which is near the mall , told CNN she witnessed the man being taken into custody . Police identified the suspect as Adam Hernandez . Baja Fresh customer Leyda Schultz told CNN that a gunman held at least two employees after ordering customers to leave . Schultz said she witnessed the man being taken into custody shortly before 2 p.m. Favazzo said it was not clear whether the two were patrons or employees . The gunman apparently fired warning shots at the restaurant . Marshals and other members of a task force had confronted a suspect outside the Sears store on the west side of Chandler Fashion Center , said Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesman Robert Bailey . The suspect opened fire , and officers returned it , Bailey said . The suspect was being sought in an armed robbery , Chandler police said . The suspect entered the Sears , and the mall was evacuated and surrounded , Bailey said . A hostage situation was reported about 12:30 p.m. at the nearby Baja Fresh , he said . Favazzo said officers lost sight of the suspect in the mall . Marshals earlier Wednesday said the suspect seen at the mall may be fugitive Daniel Munoz Perez , who was mistakenly released last month . Marshals were trailing a vehicle known to be driven in the past by Perez , according to CNN affiliate KPHO . Perez is being sought for aggravated assault for allegedly shooting at a police officer in December , authorities said . According to U.S. Marshal David Gonzales , Perez was released from the Pinal County Sheriff 's Office on December 16 . The U.S. Marshals Service has been looking for him since . Perez is accused of shooting at Arizona Department of Public Safety officers December 11 outside a home in Casa Grande , according to KPHO . Perez , 25 , was injured by gunfire in the shootout with the public safety officers , according to KPHO . He was admitted to a Phoenix hospital and was later held in another county 's jail before being turned over to Pinal County , KPHO said . But the Pinal County Sheriff 's Office said it never received the charging paperwork for Perez , and he bonded out on an misdemeanor warrant . The bond was $ 320 , KPHO said ,	NEW : Chandler Fashion Center reopens after police sweep NEW : Police identify suspect in hostage-taking incident as Adam Hernandez Authorities believe restaurant gunman , man who fled to mall are same person Suspect not federal fugitive Daniel Munoz Perez as previously thought , police say
CNN  -- They say there are no stupid questions -- or are there ? How about , "  Do you speak African ? " Or , "  What is Africa 's flag ? " Yes , these are quite ludicrous . Tired of regularly having to answer questions like these , a group of U.S.-based African students has launched a photo campaign in a bid to dispel misconceptions about their continent . Called "  The Real Africa : Fight the Stereotype , " the social media initiative aims to educate and raise awareness about the common stereotypes surrounding Africa and its people -- misunderstandings like Africa being a homogenous entity rather than a diverse continent of more than 50 countries . The campaign features striking images of the members of the African Students Association of New York 's Ithaca College wrapped in different African flags or holding them proudly . "  What we wanted to do was embrace the individual flags of the countries of Africa , " says Rita Bunatal , head of PR for the organization . "  We wanted to show the beauty and the power of the flag . We also wanted to break one of the biggest misconceptions about the continent , which is that Africa is a country , " she adds . For each photograph , the posing students , aged 18 to 21 , were also asked to come up with simple but powerful quotes that would disprove the ignorant and offensive remarks they would often hear . As a result , the images boast statements like "  Africans do not all look alike , " "  Africans do n't need to be saved , " "  Africa is not a country " and "  Africa is not a land filled with diseases . " In addition , the campaign is saturated with educational facts that are designed to strengthen the students ' quotes -- "  I do n't speak ` African ' because ` African ' is not a language " says one student , his declaration accompanied by the fact that "  there are an estimated 2,000 languages spoken in Africa . " "  We wanted to give facts , to correct , to give knowledge , " says Bunatal , "  trying to educate and stop people from saying these other things . " The African Students Association of Ithaca College first posted their photo campaign on CNN 's iReport platform on January 20 . Since then , some 5,000 people have viewed the photos and more than 2,000 have shared them on Facebook . "  The simplest actions can create awareness and we are hoping to do this not only campus-wide , but also world-wide , " says Bunatal . Click through the gallery above to see the students ' campaign . READ THIS : Europe in ashes , Africa an oasis ? READ THIS : African slave traditions live on in U.S.	A group of students have launched a campaign to break down stereotypes about Africa The campaign features images of students wrapped in the flag of their country The photographs are accompanied by quotes debunking myths about Africa
CNN  -- Police tentatively identified remains found on a remote farm as the Virginia Tech student who disappeared in October during a Metallica concert . Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old education major , went to the concert at the University of Virginia 's John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville , Virginia , on October 17 . She was separated from her friends and was the subject of repeated searches . Police said skeletal remains were found after 9:30 a.m. Tuesday by a farmer driving a tractor through a hay field on his 700-acre farm . The area has no public access point , police said . The farm is about 10 miles from where the concert was being held . The farm 's owner , David Dass , told CNN affiliate WTVR that he was out looking for damage after wind and rain knocked down several trees in his yard over the past week . He told WTVR that the area is at least a mile and a half from a main roadway . "  I looked down and saw what looked like a human skull , and my first thought was that it was Morgan Harrington , " Dass told WTVR , adding that he immediately called 911 . WTVR : State police ` confident ' remains are Harrington There was significant evidence leading police to believe that the remains are Harrington 's , Virginia State Police Col. W. Steven Flaherty said , though he declined to specify what the evidence was . Police said the area where the remains were found had not been searched during the early stages of the investigation into her disappearance . The girl 's parents , Dan and Gil Harrington , were in town to identify the remains , WTVR reported . Dan Harrington , in tears , told WTVR that "  this is a horrible day " for his family . Gil Harrington expressed concerns Saturday that there was beginning to be complacency in the search , she wrote in a blog on the Web site set up to help find their daughter . On Sunday , more than three months after Morgan went missing , Gil Harrington still clung to hope . "  Despite the length of time Morgan has been gone I remain hopeful , " she wrote . "  Part of me is waiting to be surprised . Waiting for God to pull the rabbit out of the hat and bring Morgan home . "  I remember that the light always returns , it can not help but return . Will the light of my life return soon ? I can not imagine that all the water of Morgan 's potential is to run down the drain and be wasted . Can it really play out like that ? " Now , it appears , the Harringtons finally have their answer . Police say they have now switched their focus to finding out how Morgan Harrington ended up in the remote farm and who put her there . During the concert , Harrington left her friends to use the restroom , police said . When she did not return , they called her cell phone at 8:48 p.m. . She told them she was outside the arena and could not get back in because of its policy , police said , but told them not to worry about her and that she would find a ride home . There are restrooms inside the arena , police said , and police do not know how or why Harrington got outside . Witnesses who saw her outside the arena said she did not appear to be with anyone , police said . About 9:30 p.m. that night , witnesses reported seeing a person matching Harrington 's description walking on a nearby bridge , police said . No further sightings were reported . Harrington 's purse , with her identification and cell phone inside , was found the following day in an overflow parking lot near the arena , police said . A friend had driven Harrington 's car to the concert , she said , and was still in possession of the car keys when they got separated . Harrington was reported missing the day after the concert , when she did not show up at her parents ' home to study for a math exam with her father . Working with police and the Texas-based Laura Recovery Center , the Harringtons organized community searches , saying they would not give up hope that their daughter would be found . A $ 150,000 reward has been offered for information leading to Harrington 's whereabouts , police said . Of that , Metallica contributed $ 50,000 . The couple was joined at a news conference after her disappearance by Ed Smart , whose daughter Elizabeth was abducted in 2002 . She returned home nine months later , after police say they found her in the custody of Brian David Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee . Harrington said he reached out to Smart last week to seek advice on how to go through the disappearance of a child . Harrington was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt , a black miniskirt , black tights and black boots when last seen .	NEW : Man tells WTVR he found remains in area more than a mile from main roadway Police believe remains found on remote farm are those of Morgan Harrington Student was separated from friends at Metallica concert on October 17 Harrington 's purse , cell phone found next day in overflow parking lot near arena
CNN  -- I like to watch Dr. Phil drunk . Dear Birthmother - I have great parents , I 've found love , I 'm happy . Everyone who knew me before 9/11 believes I 'm dead . Hundreds of secrets like these arrive in my mailbox every week . They come anonymously on artful postcards from all over the world . In seven years I have received more than a half-million . I give decaf to customers who are rude to me . -LSB- written and mailed on a Starbuck cup -RSB- To the class of 1977 , I still hate you all . I leave poetry behind in library books . Watch Frank Warren 's TED Talk When I started PostSecret as an art project in 2004 , I had no idea that this simple project would turn my life upside-down and offer such a fascinating peek into the rich hidden world that we share but do n't talk about . I printed up 3,000 self-addressed postcards inviting strangers to share an artful secret on a postcard -- something they had never told anyone before -- and mail it to me anonymously . When they started arriving I began scanning them and posting them on the web . The idea began spreading virally with people buying and making their own postcards . Today www.postsecret.com is the most visited advertisement-free blog in the world with more than 500 million hits . Most fascinating to me are the stories behind the secrets or the intimate connections that can happen between people when they share secrets . TED.com : The web 's secret stories When I posted a secret from someone who confesses to thinking about jumping from the Golden Gate Bridge , PostSecret Blog readers sprang to action creating a Facebook group page called , Please Do n't Jump . They posted encouraging pictures and shared their own inspiring stories of hope . 60,000 people joined the group in 10 days . The next week the San Francisco City Council proclaimed the first annual "  Please Do n't Jump Day . " Shortly after that the PostSecret community created the most comprehensive directory of suicide prevention hotlines in the world . Sharing Secrets can be transformative and this project has changed my life . I learned early on that there are two kinds of secrets ; the ones we keep from others and the ones we hide from ourselves . This project has helped me uncover secrets from my past that were haunting me . I have written my secrets on postcards , mailed them to myself , and spoken to my family about them for the first time . I have one of my secrets in every PostSecret book . The most exciting part of the project for me today is traveling to universities and sharing secrets live . At these PostSecret Events I not only show the most extraordinary secrets in my collection , I also try to create a safe , nonjudgmental social space where students feel comfortable expressing their private secrets publicly . TED.com : The happy secret to better work Seeing young people courageously share their vulnerabilities can be highly emotional and meaningful . It reveals a secret about the nature of our secrets : They can be walls that separate us or bridges that unite us depending on the choices we make and the actions we take . At one PostSecret Event at a large conference in Austin , Texas , called South by Southwest a surprising thing happened . In front of an audience of more than 2,000 people a young man stood and proposed marriage to his girlfriend -- to the delight of the audience . Someone there recorded that special moment on a cell phone and it has been watched over 300,000 times on YouTube . Perhaps my favorite secret out of the hundreds of thousands I have received was mailed to me on a dollar bill . I carry it in my wallet all the time . It reads : We are all part of something bigger , and we are all part of it together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frank Warren .	Frank Warren started a website that collects secrets mailed to him on postcards He says the site is the most popular ad-free blog When secrets are shared publicly , they can help unite people , he says . Warren : The site has received half a million secrets since its founding in 2004
Watching the season 4 premiere of The Walking Dead , it was easy to imagine you had fallen into a Rick Grimes-esque coma and missed a few shows . When did Andrew Lincoln 's much-tortured cop become so handy with a hoe ? When was David Morrissey 's depth perception-challenged maniac The Governor going to make an appearance ? And , perhaps most bewilderingly , when did it become okay for Carol to call Daryl "  Pookie " ? To address these questions -- and many more ! -- we spoke with Walking Dead comic writer and Walking Dead TV show executive producer Robert Kirkman . Entertainment Weekly : How much time has gone by in-between the end of season 3 and the start of season 4 ? Robert Kirkman : We say "  a few months . " Some people think a few is two , some people think a few is three . It 's a vague answer . EW : What 's up with Rick and the gardening ? Kirkman : Well , we like to change things up . I have to say that is my favorite opening of any season thus far -- just the fact that it 's the Walking Dead but it 's about a guy who comes out and starts hoeing a garden . I was thrilled about that from the moment that  Walking Dead showrunner  Scott Gimple suggested it . We always like coming in and showing that there 's been a passage of time and these are n't the exact same characters that we last saw . I 've always been willing to push the envelope with that . I feel that 's a really cool thing to do , to come in and reintroduce the show to people , and set the stage for all the new things that are going to be coming . The fact that every season of the Walking Dead has been somewhat different thematically has been a really cool evolution and is something we hope to continue every season . EW : What would you say is this season 's theme ? Kirkman : It 's a lot of what comes from that woman -LSB- in the woods -RSB- in the first episode : It 's "  Are n't these people too far gone ? " And "  Can these people retain a little bit of humanity ? " We 're going to be dealing with those questions a lot more intensely than we have thus far on the show . It 's all about Rick coming from this place where he kind of went off the deep end in season 3 . Rick feels like he failed at everything he was trying to do and so this is him trying a different path and seeing if he can make that work . EW : Maybe this a foolish thing to say based on having just seen the premiere . But this was the first ever Walking Dead show I could n't at least roughly place in the chronology of the comic . Have you made a decisive break with that mythology ? Kirkman : There 's a lot of new elements at play here but we 're definitely still dealing with a lot of things from the comic book . You 'll see , starting with the second episode , there 's some very big moments from the comic book that are being worked in in a different way . There will always be moments where you 're like , "  Oh , that 's exactly like the comic book ! " A lot of that stuff is coming up in future episodes . EW : I 'm not a doctor -- I just play one on TV -- but I 'm assuming there 's some sort of nasty , swine flu-type virus abroad in the prison . Kirkman : Well , it 's definitely some kind of nasty illness . Something that can make a guy go from cough-cough-I 'm - not-feeling-well-can-I-go-lay-down ? to essentially bleeding out in the shower after a few hours is something on the swine flu level -- possibly a little bit more deadly . EW : And that kid Patrick coughed all over the water supply ! Kirkman : Well , that shower water supply is fairly contained . That 's like a bag that they fill up . I do n't know how this works , I 'm getting a little too technical here . All the water is contaminated ! It 's very dangerous ! Be careful ! EW : What did you name your family pig when you were a child ? Kirkman : -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I find it offensive that you think because I 'm from Kentucky I grew up with pigs . But "  Samuel " is the answer . EW : Presumably Michonne is hunting the Governor , right ? Kirkman : Yes , that is who she is after . The story there is that , after the events of season 3 and the death of Andrea , Michonnne and Daryl spent some time out in the wilderness looking for the Governor and eventually Daryl decided , "  Look , this is a futile effort and we 're not going to find this person . " And Michonne kept it up . EW : She 's heading to Macon . Is there any chance of her catching an Allman Brothers Band show while she 's there ? Kirkman : We can only hope that they are still performing shows . If that 's where the Governor is and that 's what she 's doing I do n't know how Michonne 's going to handle that . She 's gon na want to watch the show , she 's gon na want to get revenge . She 'll be be torn . EW : Here 's a question you 're not going to answer : How long before we see the Governor ? Kirkman : -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Is this the question your boss makes you ask ? EW : No one 's the boss of me ! Kirkman : He 's definitely going to appear at some point this season . It 's possible there are elements of his return that have already been set up in some ways you might not have noticed . But when he returns it will be at a time when you least expect it . EW : Is Woodbury now a ghost town ? Kirkman : That will be dealt with in an upcoming episode . EW : The zombie hanging from the store ceiling by his intestines was a very nice touch . Kirkman : Look , if they ever need to rappel down something they 're able to do that . EW : On the other hand , I 'm not very happy with anyone referring to Daryl as "  Pookie . " Kirkman : -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Yeah , Norman asked for that . He makes everyone on set call him Pookie . We worked that into the show . EW : Judging from the premiere , I got the impression you will be exploring the character of Beth more this season than you have done previously . Kirkman : I think that to a certain extent we will be exploring all characters more than we have . This show has been doing a lot of world-building for the first three seasons . Now that we 've got that out of the way , this season we 're going to be intensely focused on the characters themselves . You 'll learn a lot more about Beth , you 'll learn a lot more about Daryl , you 'll learn a lot more about Rick . We 're going to be doing a lot of character work this season . EW : You 're both world-building and empire-building . What 's the status of the Walking Dead spin-off show ? Kirkman : It 's currently , quote unquote , "  in development " so there 's not really a lot to say about that . But I can say that it 's going to be awesome ! See the original story at EW.com .	Robert Kirkman is the executive producer of "  The Walking Dead " He said this season 's theme is "  Are n't these people too far gone " He also said The Governor will appear this season
CNN  Scores of people have been killed in worsening violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo 's eastern region , leaving the local population in urgent need of aid , according to the United Nations and Human Rights Watch . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Friday it had credible reports that at least 256 people , including children , had been killed in ax and machete attacks since October in the Beni area of North Kivu province . "  Multiple attacks over the last three months have caused widespread fear and displacement . We are appealing for humanitarian access to help people in distress , " UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards told reporters in Geneva . On Tuesday , Human Rights Watch also sounded the alarm , saying its interviews with victims and witnesses indicated unidentified rebel fighters had killed at least 184 civilians -- though the actual number is likely significantly higher -- and injured many others in attacks on villages in Beni territory . About 88,000 people have been forced from their homes in Beni and the surrounding area , with some finding shelter with families while others seek sanctuary in schools or churches , UNHCR said . The violence has also spread northward into Orientale province , the agency said . Meanwhile , more attacks have been threatened , prompting frightened villagers to flee again toward larger towns and cities , the UNHCR said . ` Constant fear ' "  The survivors and the displaced live in a desperate situation and in constant fear . They remain at risk of new attacks and have had no respite for the past three months . They have little protection against violence and have received hardly any assistance , " Edwards said . People need shelter , basic aid items , clean drinking water and access to health services and schools , he said . Aid projects have been suspended because of the violence , of particular concern where disease is already rife . The UNHCR called on the government to protect civilians and ensure humanitarian organizations safe access to Beni and the surrounding areas . Human Rights Watch urged government forces and the U.N. peacekeeping force in DR Congo , MONUSCO , to work together to restore stability and to identify those behind the violence . "  Large-scale rebel attacks occurring nearly weekly have terrorized residents of Beni and left them uncertain where to seek safety , " said Ida Sawyer , senior Congo researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  UN and Congolese forces need to urgently coordinate their efforts and improve protection of civilians in Beni . " Killings , rights violations Human Rights Watch cited U.N. and Congolese army officials as saying they believe the recent attacks were carried out by the Allied Democratic Forces , a Ugandan-led Islamist rebel group that has been active in Beni territory since 1996 . Beni is located near the border with Uganda . In mid-October , MONUSCO chief Martin Kobler called for "  decisive joint military actions " by the U.N. peacekeeping force and the DR Congo 's military to "  start as soon as possible in order to relieve the population from the terror imposed by the ADF , once and for all . " "  This sequence of violence , killings , assassinations , and human rights violations in Beni territory needs to stop immediately , " he said , speaking after a visit to Beni to pay tribute to the victims of previous suspected ADF attacks . Radio Okapi , a radio network operated in DR Congo by MONUSCO and the Fondation Hirondelle , a Swiss nongovernmental organization , quoted Gen. Jean Baillaud of the MONUSCO force as saying Wednesday that it must do more to protect local people as it combats ADF rebels in the Beni area alongside the DR Congo military . Baillaud acknowledged that the U.N. force could improve in terms of coordination and the swiftness of its response . He said political efforts , not just military , were also needed to resolve the situation . The eastern part of DR Congo has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when Hutu forces crossed the border from Rwanda fearing reprisals following the genocide there . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	UN refugee agency says it has credible reports of at least 256 deaths since October Human Rights Watch says witnesses tell of rebels killing people in ax and machete attacks UNHCR : About 88,000 people have been displaced in and around Beni , North Kivu province
CNN  -- Delaware authorities are investigating the circumstances surrounding the recent discovery of the body of a former Pentagon official in a landfill , according to a statement released Monday by the Newark , Delaware , Police Department . The Delaware medical examiner 's office has ruled the death of 66-year-old John P. Wheeler a homicide . Wheeler was discovered at Wilmington 's Cherry Island Landfill on December 31 . Wheeler , who lived in New Castle , worked under three Republican presidents -- Ronald Reagan , George H.W. Bush , and George W. Bush . He served as a special assistant to the Air Force secretary from 2005 to 2008 . Among other things , he also served as head of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund and was the first chairman of Mothers Against Drunk Driving . A staff officer in Vietnam , Wheeler was a graduate of West Point , as well as Harvard Business School and Yale Law School . "  We are asking for the public 's assistance " in the case , Newark police spokesman Lt. Mark Farrall told CNN . "  We do n't know where the crime scene occurred . The body was dumped within our jurisdiction . " Newark is about 12 miles southwest of Wilmington . Farrall noted that Wheeler 's body was seen jutting out of a garbage truck at the landfill by a spotter whose job it is to ensure that hazardous material is not dumped there . Police believe Wheeler 's body was most likely picked up by the truck at one of the first of ten specially designated dumpster pick-up spots before heading to the landfill . Farrall said police do not know when Wheeler was last seen . He noted that Wheeler had been scheduled to take a train from Washington to Wilmington near the time of the death , though he dismissed reports that Wheeler had actually been seen on a train . Farrall said an apparent dispute between Wheeler and a neighbor was "  one facet of the investigation . " Wheeler 's attorney , Bayard Marin , told CNN that his client had been involved in a lengthy legal fight with a couple building a new home across the street in a historic district of New Castle . Wheeler had adamantly opposed the new construction . The dispute may have become contentious , but "  I ca n't recall a confrontation , " Marin said . "  Everything seemed to be kept within normal bounds . " The Newark Police Department released a statement on behalf of Wheeler 's family . "  As you must appreciate , this is a tragic time for the family . We are grieving our loss . Please understand that the family has no further comment at this time . We trust that everyone will respect the family 's privacy , " the family said . Veterans advocates offered statements of praise for the former official , who served in Vietnam . "  It is only fitting that we pause now and remember Jack Wheeler , who served his country honorably , then dedicated himself to ensuring that our nation 's service members are always given the respect they deserve , " said Jan Scruggs , president of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund . What Wheeler "  cared about was civic values and civic virtue , " wrote James Fallows , national correspondent for The Atlantic . "  He was a complicated man of very intense  and sometimes changeable  friendships , passions , and causes . ... I feel terrible for his family and hope they will eventually find comfort in knowing how many important things he achieved . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Allan Chernoff , Sarah Baker , and Nina Golgowski contributed to this story	The body of John P. Wheeler was found in a landfill Wheeler was involved in a lengthy property dispute with a neighbor Delaware authorities are investigating the former Pentagon official 's death The Delaware medical examiner 's office has ruled Wheeler 's death a homicide
CNN  -- Oscar Luigi Scalfaro , a long-time Italian politician who served as the European nation 's president for much of the 1990s , has died , the Italian government announced Sunday . He was 93 . Italy 's current president , Giorgio Napolitano , fondly recalled Scalfaro 's time as a member of parliament , interior minister and eventually president . "  Scalfaro has been a leading figure of the democratic political life in the various decades of the republic , a perfect example of coherence and moral integrity , " Napolitano said in a statement . Prime Minister Mario Monti lauded Scalfaro for having "  consistently defended the fundamental values of the republic , set out in the constitution . " "  He has been a distinguished protagonist of ... Italian political and institutional life and  a  luminous example of perfect consistency and integrity , " Monti said in a statement . Pope Benedict XVI described Scalfaro as "  an illustrious Catholic statesman , " according to a news release on the Vatican 's website . In condolences sent to Scalfaro 's daughter , he said the former Italian president "  did his best to promote the common good and the perennial ethical and religious values , that is proper to Italy 's historical and civic tradition . " Joining Italy 's legislature in 1946 , soon after the end of World War II , Scalfaro served as minister and secretary on multiple occasions . In 1992 , he became the parliamentary speaker -- then , a month later , he became president . Scalfaro remained in that post for a seven-year term . He served in a time of political instability in Italy , facing regular calls for new elections and working with several prime ministers , including Giuliano Amato , Romano Prodi and Silvio Berlusconi -- all of whom ended up serving additional terms later . In 1999 , Scalfaro handed over the reins as president to Carlo Ciampi .	NEW : Prime Minister Monti calls Scalfaro an "  example of perfect consistency and integrity " A former minister , Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was Italy 's president between 1992 and 1999 He worked then with several prime ministers , including Prodi and Berlusconi Pope Benedict XVI remembers Scalfaro as "  an illustrious Catholic statesman "
Washington  CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is trying to shift into high gear , but elections experts say his campaign seems to be stuck in second . With just weeks before the nominating conventions and his national debut before a broader electorate , Romney 's struggles to make the case that he is best equipped to pull the nation out of the economic doldrums could derail his quest for the presidency . Romney 's biggest challenge ? Turning the conversation back to the weak economy and poor job growth and away from President Barack Obama 's re-election campaign 's attacks on his tenure at private equity firm Bain Capital and refusal to release more tax records . Romney has stalled at this . Given the ailing economy , Romney should be faring much better , political experts say . "  One way to measure this is -- given the conditions of the country and the economy -- one would think the challenger would be ahead and he 's not , " said CNN senior political analyst David Gergen . His tax plan , the release of which was intended to offer a punctuation mark on how he 'd handle the economy , was criticized by the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center . The plan would provide large tax cuts to the very wealthy while increasing the tax burden on the lower and middle classes . It would make it tough to recoup lost government revenue , according to the Brookings study . And those campaign attack ads from Obama 's campaign and those supporting it are n't helping . According to a CNN/ORC International poll of likely voters released Thursday , Romney 's unfavorable rating jumped to 48 % from 42 % a month ago , a drop which followed a period in which the Obama campaign hammered the GOP presidential hopeful with a deluge of advertising and news stories about his time at Bain and calls for Romney to release more of his tax records , which he has refused to do . Obama now leads Romney by seven percentage points in the poll with 52 % of registered voters questioned in the survey saying that they 'd vote to re-elect the president and 45 % backing Romney . Worse , political experts say , is the somber news for Romney that only 45 % of those polled by CNN said that the economy would get better if Romney were elected -- two percentage points below Obama 's number . A recent Fox news poll has Obama garnering 49 % of the vote and Romney 40 % if the election were held today . Obama 's lead in that poll comes from an 11 % lead among independent voters . In a Quinnipiac University/CBS News/New York Times swing state poll released recently , more than 50 % of voters in the battleground states of Pennsylvania and Ohio said they do not feel Romney "  cares about the needs and problems of people " like themselves . More than 50 % of voters polled in those two states said Obama cares about their needs and problems . "  I think the Obama campaign is outmaneuvering the Romney campaign . They 've kept him on the defensive on his taxes and on Bain , which is a key foundation for his campaign , " Gergen said . "  This rat-a-tat of advertising , this avalanche of advertising has taken a toll . " And in some cases , Romney has also been his own worst enemy , said Marc Hetherington , political science professor at Vanderbilt University . "  Romney has n't helped himself by not putting these issues to bed with the tax situation and has allowed these issues to linger , " Hetherington said . "  This could have been a two-day story . That 's time we 're spending not talking about what Romney wants to talk about , which is the economy . He 's put himself in a tough box here . " Romney will have to pull out all the stops if he wants to change the narrative the Obama campaign has crafted , political experts say . "  He has to capture the agenda back and remind people , ` I 'm the businessman who made a lot of money , and I can help you make lots of money , ' " Hetherington said . "  If he does n't do that soon these ideas people have about him will harden . "  Every step Romney makes  $ " including his running mate  $ " has to be getting back to where Obama is weak , and that 's the economy . " But there are pitfalls in Romney 's choice . "  Former Alaska Gov. Sarah  Palin is a classic example , " said Matthew Continetti , author of "  The Persecution of Sarah Palin : How the Elite Media Tried to Bring Down a Rising Star . " "  You see a motivating force for conservatives . Palin was electrifying . The downside is , is the candidate ready to have the spotlight shined on them ? Are they ready for the tough questions such as Palin with Katie Couric ? Are there holes in the biography that can be filled in by myth ? " Romney 's best bet to help him shore up his conservative bona fides and flagging support is to choose someone who appeals to middle-class white voters without college degrees who understands them , Continetti said . The types of voters who have been hard hit by the economic downturn live in swing states and are the target of the Obama campaign 's ads on what it casts as the human costs of Romney 's financial success . It 's a big task . The Obama campaign has tried to define Romney before he 's had a chance to do it for himself . As a result , Romney 's convention speech will be more important than ever , Gergen said . "  It 's going to be his first chance to introduce himself to the country in terms of values and lay out his plan for the future ... He 's got to do that to close up this gap , " Gergen said . "  It 's now clear that Romney ca n't win this election by default . It 's not an apple that 's going to fall into his lap because the economy is weak . He 's got to take it away from  Obama  . " CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , CNNMoney 's Charles Riley and the CNN Political Unit contributed to this report	GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney 's campaign has struggled to gain traction President Barack Obama 's campaign attack ads have taken a toll Polls show Romney lags on what experts say should be his strongest area : the economy Romney will have to choose a strong running mate , give great convention speech
Oprah.com  -- Three women share their stories of how a feeling or hunch changed the direction of their lives . Her little boy found Nothing signaled distress about the laughing 5-year-old child that Maryam Dilakian saw -- except a strange , insistent feeling in her gut . -- As told to Kate Rockwood I was in Jamaica for a wedding , and I felt the pull to volunteer . The resort manager directed me to a few orphanages that might admit visitors , and one reluctantly said that I could come . The place had three sections , and I ended up spending my time with the infants and toddlers , because I 'd heard the bigger kids did n't need help . As I was leaving , I passed three of the older kids running around . One of them was laughing really loudly , and I smiled at him as I walked away . I 've never been able to adequately describe what happened next . Outside , the taxi was waiting , at the top of a hill quite far from town , and when I went out , someone locked the gate behind me . I opened the door of the cab , put my bag on the seat , and all at once I knew I needed to help the little boy I 'd smiled at -- he was in trouble . It made no sense : He 'd been laughing when I saw him ; he did n't look like he needed me at all . But my heart started to race and I began to feel physically numb . The thought kept coming again and again -- I need to help him . Oprah.com : What real love looks like Going back into the orphanage was n't easy . I had to argue with the driver to wait and then buzz until someone came to unlock the gate . They were n't happy to see me . The schoolers were outside , and the boy I 'd seen -- Daniel -- was on the ground , looking absolutely pitiful . He was like a different child . I have never in my life fought back tears so hard as at that moment . I fell to my knees and embraced him and I knew instantly , without a doubt : This is my son . Later I realized that he must have just been punished . On trips that followed , I saw Daniel physically abused when he got in the way . He 's a boisterous kid . He runs a lot , he laughs a lot . I learned that children in Jamaican orphanages normally stay six months , until the court decides they can return to their family or be adopted . But Daniel 's file had been lost , so he never had a chance . He lived in that home for three and a half years , standing in a crib , looking at a wall . No music -- no nothing . He 'd never been out of the orphanage . He did n't even speak . When I went to the adoption agency , the man said , "  You can not adopt a child that does n't exist . " I showed him Daniel 's photo , and said , "  Here is this child . " It took me six trips to Jamaica to set things right . Two weeks after Daniel came to live with me in New York City , he started speaking . I tell him this story every day . I do n't let myself imagine , What if I 'd gotten in the cab ? It felt inevitable -- he 'd always been my son . Oprah.com : A working mom adopts 5 kids Her trouble went deeper than doctors knew Her doctor assured her she was in good health , but eerie dreams left Trisha Coburn with a sense of foreboding she could n't shake . -- As told to Lisa Kogan I was 46 years old , I had three terrific kids , a happy marriage , and a painting studio where I spent hours every day . Not only was nothing wrong in my life , plenty was incredibly right . But then I had the dream . I was standing at a barbed-wire fence across from five or six terribly frail people with huge dark eyes and ghostly pale skin . They were trying to tell me something in a language I did n't understand . It was intense and disturbing , and it left me rattled . A week later I had the dream again , only this time there were a dozen people trying to get me to grasp what they were saying . The following week the dream returned , but now there were 20 people , and they looked desperate . I woke up crying . I started feeling afraid to go to sleep . Oprah.com : How to tune in to the voice within Even though my husband thought I was overreacting , I called my doctor to schedule a physical . I did n't know what else to do . The receptionist pointed out that I 'd just had a physical six months earlier ; the most I could talk her into was some new blood work . At the appointment , I told the doctor I felt that something was n't right . He smiled . "  You eat well , you exercise , you 're healthy . Quit worrying . " Two days later , his nurse called to say my blood work was fine . I relaxed and figured I could put my fears behind me . A week later , the dream was back . There must have been 100 people -- wailing , screaming , pleading with me . I kept saying , "  I do n't know what you want from me ! Please , please tell me what I 'm supposed to do . " A few days later , the fifth and final dream : Back at the fence , only this time nobody is there . I fall to my knees , sobbing , "  Come back . I need you to help me . " And suddenly I hear one voice . And that voice says two words -- in perfect English : "  Look deeper . " How to use your intuition I called my doctor the minute his office opened . "  What 's the deepest place in the human body ? " He said , "  I suppose it 's the colon . " And I said , "  Then I want a colonoscopy . " He explained that I had no family history of colon cancer , no symptoms , that insurance would never cover it . I persisted . I told the gastroenterologist I wanted to be awake for the procedure . I watched the camera twisting and turning and following the curves through my colon , and then I heard the doctor draw a breath and say , "  Oh my . " There , on the screen , was a black mass . And the doctor promptly put me to sleep . It was cancer -- aggressive and fast moving . She later told me that if I 'd waited even two months , my prognosis would have been ... grim . Oprah.com : Listen to your body 's early-warning system Calculating danger The scariest thing about intuition ? Realizing too late that you were right . By Stephanie Pearson To do research for a magazine story , I once spent a few days at a lodge in a remote part of Chile , on Lago General Carrera . After leaving the lodge , I was scheduled to take a puddle jumper to Balmaceda , a town near the lake 's opposite shore . When high winds forced the pilot to cancel the flight , the lodge owner patched together a plan B : His wife would drop me off in the closest village , where an acquaintance would pick me up and shuttle me the final four-hour stretch to Balmaceda . The route would pass through a few towns and two military checkpoints . The rest : empty wilderness . After the woman introduced me to the driver in Chile Chico and waved goodbye , three stocky , good-looking men appeared out of nowhere and jumped into the backseat of the Toyota Hilux . They were bomberos , or firemen , they told me , on their way to a conference in Balmaceda . "  Interesting timing , " I thought , since it was Good Friday in a Catholic country where all business had ground to a halt for the next few days . We started driving and the buddies started joking , first about my wedding ring -- "  I did n't know she was married , " one said -- then about my height  I 'm 5 ' 10 "  , then about my hair  I 'm blonde  . My heart started to beat faster . To distract myself , I flipped open my Lonely Planet guide and landed by chance on the "  Women Travelers " section . The first sentence I read : "  If you hitchhike , exercise caution and especially avoid getting into a vehicle with more than one man . " Oprah.com : O 's worst-case scenario handbook A dozen ugly scenarios reeled through my brain . Most of them ended with me in a ditch . My heart was racing and my chest felt tight . I opened my window ; I could n't get enough air . And that 's how it went for the next hour , the men joking while I tried to breathe and wondered if today was going to be my last day on Earth . As we rolled into the first town , I said I had to go to the bathroom , but after I hopped out of the truck , I told the driver I 'd decided to stay in Los Antiguos for the night . "  Buen viaje ! " I said , backing away as the bomberos hurled a tirade of unflattering Spanish , cursing me , the ungrateful gringa . The truck idled there for a few minutes , as if the men were deliberating what to do , then squealed off . After spending the night with a local family , I made it to Balmaceda the next day . Maybe the delay was silly . Maybe I 'd caved in to an irrational fear and offended four harmless men for nothing . I 'll never know . All I could do at the time was act on my internal SOS signals . Had I ignored them and wound up in trouble , my prescient notions would have proved true . But by then it would have been too late . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	During a trip to Jamaica , Maryam Dilakian recognized her soon-to-be son after one smile Trisha Coburn 's dreams led her to push doctors to discover her colon cancer Writer Stephanie Pearson got an urge to leave her companions to avoid potential danger
CNN  -- The thing that is hard to miss in Ted Olson 's Washington office are the quills . They 're in a mug , all 56 of them , each commemorating an appearance before the Supreme Court . In many of those cases , he was the standard bearer for conservatives . And a successful one ; he won 44 times . In fact , one of his most satisfying and famous wins was against Al Gore , the Democrats and super-attorney David Boies in the contested 2000 election . Olson represented George W. Bush . The rest , as they say , is history . Olson won , Boies lost . That is except in the movie "  Recount , " as they both joked to me . Boies won the docudrama . On Wednesday , the two men won , this time together . They teamed up to argue against Proposition 8 , which bans gay marriage in California . The legal team won in a stunning and clear decision . The plaintiffs , U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker wrote , "  demonstrated by overwhelming evidence that Proposition 8 violates their due process and equal protection rights , " ruling it unconstitutional . Now , the case will work its way up to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , and then to the high court . Only Olson and Boies will be on the same side this time . In this case , Olson has been at the center in so many ways . Disdained by many conservatives for arguing for gay marriage , some openly calling his decision as an act of pure ego or even treason . Indeed , conservative legal analyst Ed Whelan told me , "  It really is a betrayal of everything Ted Olson has purported to stand for in his legal career in terms of constitutional principles . " But if you listen to Olson , his constitutional principles are exactly what this case -- and his decision to take it on -- is all about . "  The Constitution trumps everything , " he told me . "  The Constitution provides that equal protection of the laws shall be guaranteed to all citizens . " Never mind that more than 40 states have voted against gay marriage or that a majority of the American public does n't support it . That was the case , he says , with a ban on interracial marriage struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court more than 40 years ago . "  Civil rights battles are won by fighting for civil rights . ... We 're representing real people , who are being deprived of their constitutional rights , and we tell them to wait ? For what ? For how long ? " It 's interesting , in a way , because opposition to gay marriage increasingly looks like it cuts along a generational divide . One recent study showed that 58 percent of Americans ages 18 to 29 support gay marriage , while only 22 percent of those 65 and older feel the same way . So if the issue will gradually resolve itself , some say , why take it to court now ? "  Our choice is yes we will go to court to fight for you because your constitutional rights are being ignored . ... " Olson told me . "  Or we could tell -LSB- gay couples -RSB- why do n't you wait for years , why do n't you wait for another generation ? " Even some pro-gay marriage groups were skeptical at first , worried that Olson and Boies were setting the cause up for failure . Still other legal scholars say that the two super-lawyers are driven by ego and relish that one last shot at arguing an historic case before the court . Both men cringe at that . And what about the charge that the two lawyers figure they can game the high court -- even a conservative one ? Ah , says Olson . "  We 're not taking for granted any votes on the Supreme Court . We have so much respect for the judges that are hearing this case and the justices of the Supreme Court that will hear this case , none of whom have made up their minds . " Is he sure ? "  Yes , " he smiles . "  They have not heard the arguments . " Now they almost certainly will . And Olson will get his 57th quill . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Ted Olson is noted conservative advocate before U.S. Supreme Court He and David Boies opposed each other in the Bush v. Gore case in 2000 election Gloria Borger says two teamed up and won challenge to Prop 8 in California court Olson , accused of betraying his principles , says he was fighting for civil rights , Borger notes
CNN  -- The 2014 Tour de France will start in Northern England for the first time , organizers of cycling 's most prestigious race announced Friday . The first two stages of the 101st edition of the Tour will take place in the county of Yorkshire , with Leeds the host city of the Grand Depart . The third stage will move south with the finish in London , which successfully hosted the start of the 2007 Tour de France . British riders dominated this year 's Tour as Bradley Wiggins recorded a memorable victory with his teammate Chris Froome in second place , while sprinting star Mark Cavendish claimed three stage wins . Wiggins went on to claim the gold medal in the men 's time trial at the 2012 London Olympics , as millions crammed the roadside to watch his heroics . Christian Prudhomme , the director of the Tour de France , said this had been a major factor in their decision . "  Since the resounding success of the Grand Depart in London in 2007 , we were very keen to return to the United Kingdom , "  Bradley Wiggins ' historic victory last July and the enormous crowds that followed the cycling events in the streets of London during the Olympic Games encouraged us to go back earlier than we had initially planned . "  Yorkshire is a region of outstanding beauty , with breathtaking landscapes whose terrains offer both sprinters and attackers the opportunity to express themselves , " he added . Yorkshire is the biggest county in England and is the home of three notable former Tour de France riders in Brian Robinson , the first Britain to win a stage of the Tour de France in 1958 , Barry Hoban , who won eight stages and Malcolm Elliott , the first British rider to hold the green points jersey in the three-week race . The region is likely to reap an economic benefit from hosting two stages , with an estimated two million people watching the equivalent legs of the 2007 race in the British capital and the southern county of Kent , bringing $ 141 million in extra revenue , according the the main backer of the start , Transport for London . Gary Verity , chief executive of Welcome to Yorkshire , the agency behind the county 's bid , said they were proud to have been selected . "  It will mean less than two years after hosting the Olympics the British public can look forward to another of the world 's biggest sporting events coming to the country , " he said . Since its inception in 1903 , the Tour de France has become one of the top global sporting events with millions of fans lining the 3,500 km route to cheer on the peloton .	2014 Tour de France will start in Northern England County of Yorkshire will host the first two stages Third stage to finish in London which held the opening stage in 2007 Britain 's Bradley Wiggins won the 2012 Tour de France
CNN  -- Is Google in a hurry to get 2012 over with ? Probably not . But that did n't stop the snarky headlines after it was discovered that a buggy app in the new version of Google 's mobile operating system omits the month of December . The People app lets users bookmark friends ' birthdays and other important dates on a calendar . But some users of Android 4.2 , the system 's newest update , are complaining they ca n't note December dates in the app because its calendar skips from November to January . December simply does not exist . The Internet 's reaction was swift . "  Is Google the new Grinch who stole Christmas ? " posed CNET , a tech-news site . "  Sure , the month of December can be expensive and stressful , but Google apparently has an app for avoiding it . " Added Business Insider , "  The new version of Android thinks there are only 11 months in a year . " And Engadget said the Android bug "  makes end-of-year birthdays even less bearable . " Google posted a statement Tuesday on the Android page of Google + , its social network , vowing to fix the problem . It said : "  We discovered a bug in the Android 4.2 update , which makes it impossible to enter December events in optional fields of the People app  this bug did not affect Calendar  . Rest assured , this will be fixed soon so that those of you with December birthdays and anniversaries wo n't be forgotten by your friends and family . " Android 4.2 is found on a handful of devices , including Google 's Galaxy Nexus phone and Nexus 7 tablet . The bug does not affect the Calendar app in Android 4.2 -- nicknamed Jelly Bean -- where December is still alive and well . So maybe Google is n't worried about that Mayan apocalypse after all .	A buggy app in Google 's new mobile operating system omits the month of December One headline asks , "  Is Google the new Grinch who stole Christmas ? " NEW : Google posted a statement Tuesday vowing to fix the problem
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Blake Mycoskie is the founder and "  chief shoe giver " of TOMS Shoes , a company that matches every pair of shoes it sells with a free pair to an impoverished child . Blake Mycoskie started TOMS Shoes in 2006 . The company is committed to giving free shoes to poor children around the world . CNN caught up with the 32-year-old entrepreneur to talk about the inspiration behind his revolutionary business and what he has planned next . CNN : Tell us about the TOMS model . Mycoskie : The TOMS initiative is very simple : For every pair of shoes we sell , we give a pair away . When we know that say , we 're going to sell 10,000 pairs this spring , we make another 10,000 to be given away . CNN : Where did you get the idea to start TOMS ? Mycoskie : I decided to go back to some of the places that my sister and I had visited on "  The Amazing Race . " -LSB- Mycoskie and his sister participated in the reality TV show in 2002 . -RSB- I found myself going on to Argentina . I went to some of the villages and it was one of the defining moments of my life when I saw these kids not wearing shoes . That 's where I kind of had this ` ah ha ' moment . I started thinking , what if I started a business where every time I sold a pair of shoes , I would guarantee that customer that I would give another pair to someone who does not have shoes ? CNN : How did you pursue your vision ? Did you have any experience as a designer or shoemaker ? Mycoskie : I had absolutely no experience in shoes or fashion so I approached the business how I have done everything in my life , and that 's with reckless ambition . There were a lot of really cool styles of shoes in Argentina that we did not have in the United States so I picked one of them , the alpargata , and I started figuring out how to make shoes . CNN : Did you expect the company to be a big success when you launched ? Mycoskie : I was not really looking to make any money on the deal . I wanted to be able to sell the shoes for enough money to give away another pair and to hire one or two people to administer it and keep it going once I went back to work . But what I found was that not only did people find this concept just very intriguing - from a fashion perspective , people loved these shoes . All of a sudden I started selling in the top boutiques . CNN : When did you realize that TOMS was going to be much more than a small project ? Mycoskie : I think the crowning moment was when Vogue magazine called and that was a few months after we started . That was when I was really like , ` Wow , this is not just some small little shoe philanthropy that I have created . ' This could be a real business and it could be a real player in the fashion industry and it could really set a tone for how fashion companies could give back . CNN : Has philanthropy always been a priority for you ? Mycoskie : I always thought that I would spend the first half of my life making money so I can spend the second half of my life giving it all away . And one of the defining moments of my life was when I realized that I could do both at the same time with TOMS . CNN : What are some of your proudest achievements ? Mycoskie : One thing that is most unique about TOMS and I think that I 'm most proud of is that every single pair -LSB- of shoes -RSB- is hand placed onto a child 's foot . CNN : How has TOMS evolved since you started it in 2006 ? Mycoskie : A big part of our business that has changed over the past year is that now we also have a travel organization that takes volunteers all over the world on these trips and -LSB- they -RSB- get the experience of giving away the shoes . CNN : Tell us about the process of producing TOMS . Mycoskie : A very big passion of mine and that of the people that run our production is finding factories that have fair labor practices and treating them more like partners in our family than people just who are going to produce for us . One of the things we have always done with all of our factories is I personally visit them and we actually show our documentary film about what we do . When you connect with the factory like that , everything goes much better . CNN : You 've called yourself a serial entrepreneur . Do you have another business in the pipeline ? Mycoskie : I can honestly say that TOMS is my future . I mean I have no desire to start any other company for as long as I live because this is the perfect blend of business and philanthropy to me . CNN : What 's next for TOMS ? Mycoskie : The future of TOMS is really creating a whole new business model of this one-for-one giving and expanding the TOMS model from shoes into other products as well . So while we are not committed to doing anything else right now , we are looking for partners out there who have great products and that want to find a way to incorporate giving back .	Blake Mycoskie talks about his innovative business , TOMS Shoes He wants to provide children in need with shoes in a sustainable way Mycoskie wants other firms to incorporate the idea of "  one-for-one " giving
Tea party groups describe an arduous IRS application process for tax-exempt status with probing questions and long delays . In addition to standard questions that organizations face when applying for tax-exempt status , a handful of tea party organizations told CNN they were asked probing questions about the websites they maintained , literature they use for research and future activities the groups had planned . Acting commissioner of IRS resigns The IRS scandal over how it processed tax-exempt applications from tea party and conservative groups has already cost the acting director his job and caused lawmakers from both sides of the aisle to call for an extensive investigation about how the prejudicial screening was allowed to happen . Many of the tea party groups opted to seek tax-exempt status as social welfare organizations under Section 501  c   4  of the federal tax code after the 2010 Supreme Court ruling in the Citizens United case . That exemption allows groups to fundraise without disclosing donors , but requires that any participation in campaigns of elections must be for the promotion of social welfare . Larry Norvig , executive director of the Richmond Tea Party , said he first sought 501  c   4  tax-exempt status for his group in December 2009 . The tea party group did n't hear from the IRS until September of 2010 , when the taxing body had 17 more questions for the group , which Norvig answered . More than a year went by when the IRS had another 12 questions for the Norvig 's group in January 2012 . While he shrugged off the first set as benign , he said he was shocked by the second round . In the second set of questions , the IRS asked the Richmond Tea Party to provide "  the time , location and detailed description of each event or program " in which the group had "  conducted or participated " since October 2010 . The IRS also asked for "  copies of handouts " provided to the audience at all of the group 's events since that date . Norvig was most strartled when the IRS asked for "  copies of your current web pages and your presentations on other web pages such as social networking sites and blog sites . " The IRS also asked to see private pages that were "  accessible only to your members . " "  We were quite alarmed , " Norvig said . Although he admits he only answered part of the questions , Norvig said his group received its tax-exempt status in July 2012 . CNN reached out to the IRS for this story but received no response . Acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller resigned over the controversy on Wednesday night . In a statement , President Barack Obama vowed new safeguards to ensure that such targeting is not repeated at the IRS . "  Americans have a right to be angry about it , and I am angry about it , " he said . According to a Treasury Department inspector general 's report this week , the IRS used keywords that generally applied to conservative and tea party groups in determining whether an application deserved more scrutiny . The Indiana TEA Party is another conservative group that says it received scrutiny similar to that given to other tea party organizations . ` Angry ' Obama announces IRS leader 's ouster after conservatives targeted Documents from March 2012 provided to CNN by Ken Johnson of the Indiana group shows the IRS asked for copies of "  the pages " of its website -- including social networking sites -- and a "  list " of the group 's "  activities to date , " including a description of each event . The IRS also asked the group to "  provide a list of your communication to your members or others , " including speeches , e-mails , flyers , billboards and "  other literature . " "  We did n't know what was going on , " Johnson said . Johnson said he was so frustrated by the process that he just gave up on the tax application . "  We took a look at the requested information and basically said there is no possible way that we can reproduce , for example , hard copies of every web page on our site that we had , " Johnson said . "  They wanted a hard copy of every piece of literature that we had distributed at a street fair or at a meeting or at an event and quite honestly , we could n't do it . " So Johnson and the Indiana TEA Party just did n't respond to the inquiry . "  We just said fine , we will file as a different organization , " Johnson said . Even though the group failed to respond to the questions , the Indiana TEA Party received a letter from the IRS office in Cincinnati that its tax-exempt status was approved on February 22 , 2012 . "  Do I have confidence in this organization . The answer is no , " Johnson said , confused as to how he was approved after he did n't answer their questions . Read IRS watchdog 's report A number of other tea party organizations tell similar stories . "  They wanted us to predict the future , like asking us in the future what kind of events we would hold , taking part of and how much money we would spend on those events in the future , " Toby Marie Walker , president of the Waco Tea Party told CNN . Walker said the questions she was asked were similar to those asked of the other tea party groups -- the IRS asked about her website , events she had participated in and any connections she had with elected officials in her area . "  We called the IRS and we asked them , ` OK , can you tell us what , first of all , ` close relationships ' means , ' " Walker said about her call with the IRS . "  My state rep is also my dogs ' veterinarian . Is that something that you want ? " Like other groups , Walker said she did her best to answer all the questions but eventually just sent incomplete responses to the IRS . "  These questions are impossible to answer , " Walker said . "  We felt that they were trying to bury us in paperwork so that it would be more difficult to comply and get our status . " Like other groups , Walker eventually sent incomplete answers to the IRS . If we had done everything they wanted , "  it would have taken a U-Haul truck , " Walker joked . The Waco Tea Party received its tax-exempt status in March , 2013 . The IRS has identified two "  rogue " employees in the agency 's Cincinnati office as being principally responsible for the "  overly aggressive " handling of requests by conservative groups for tax-exempt status , a congressional source told CNN . Tim Curtis , co-founder and chairman of the Tampa 9/12 project , a conservative group that applied to tax-exempt status in 2010 , said his organization also experienced similar scrutiny . In August of 2010 , Curtis said the IRS sent him a similar letter to other groups and asked for "  screen shots of website pages " and "  what research material we have used to develop our materials when we were conducting our meetings . " "  Our only concern was that we comply with the law , we had no reason to suspect anything was amiss at that point , " Curtis said . "  Obviously in hindsight , we know that not to be the case . " For a group of people that was already deeply skeptical of government , his encounter with the IRS validated his mistrust of the government . "  At this point now , the question for us is now we know you have been lying about everything else , " Curtis said . "  What else has been going on that we did n't know of ? " Opinion : IRS abuses power	A handful of tea party organizations told CNN that they were asked probing questions Director of Richmond Tea Party said he first sought tax-exempt status for the group in 2009 The IRS asked to see private pages that were "  accessible only to your members " The Indiana TEA Party is another conservative group that says it received similar scrutiny
CNN  -- Last winter , the Chicago Crime Commission and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration named Mexican billionaire Guzman Loera the city 's "  Public Enemy No. 1 . " Also known as "  Shorty , " Guzman heads the world 's largest narcotics operation , the infamous Sinaloa cartel , and allegedly pushes 1,500 to 2,000 kilograms of cocaine through Chicago each month . The commission 's executive vice president , Arthur Bilek , said "  because of the direct link between the violence of the street gangs and the narcotics business , it can be said that Guzman 's fingerprints are on the guns used in many of the shootings plaguing Chicago today . " We do n't know if Guzman has ever been in Chicago , but The New York Times magazine reported he calls Chicago his cartel 's "  home port . " The head of the city 's DEA 's office , Jack Riley , says the Sinaloa cartel causes so much havoc in Chicago that Guzman deserves the title . The only other time Chicago police took the step of designating a Public Enemy No. 1 was in 1930 , when it targeted Al Capone . The gangster used the city as the hub for his various illegal activities , and authorized violent crimes to enforce his rule . Yet when law enforcement managed to put Capone behind bars , it was n't for his brutal acts . The only serious offense they could make stick was Capone 's income tax evasion . Crimes have changed with the times . Today , suspected drug lords like Guzman and Zeta cartel boss Miguel 	Writers : Chicago named Mexican drug cartel leader "  Public Enemy No. 1 " They say stopping flow of drug money more effective than arresting criminals Writers : Criminals use anonymous corporations in U.S. for money laundering Writers : Proposed law will no longer allow owners to hide , thus money can be tracked
A House Intelligence subcommittee will hear from CIA security officers who are expected to tell a much more detailed story about the terror attack in Benghazi , Libya , that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans last year , CNN has learned . The men , described by sources as former Navy SEALs , former Army Special Forces and former Marines , were under contract to guard CIA agents on the ground there . The security officers were among those who responded when Stevens ' compound was attacked on the night of September 11 , 2012 . They will appear before lawmakers behind closed doors during the week of November 11 , sources told CNN . Members of Congress have been trying to get access to the security officers and CIA agents , but those attempts have failed to date . Of the estimated nearly two dozen CIA operatives on the ground that night , only one has testified , the sources said . Frustrated lawmakers have told CNN they have been dissatisfied with the investigation so far conducted by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan . His staff defends the work of the committee , telling CNN previously the review has included nine full committee hearings , roundtable discussions with some Obama administration officials , an interim report and a vow that the investigation continues . The members of Congress say they do n't want information that 's filtered like what they 've gotten in briefings and documents , but that they want to hear the answers to three basic questions straight from those who were there : One : What was the CIA doing in Libya ? There have been allegations the CIA was operating a gun-running program with weapons going from Libya to Syrian rebels . Two : What happened during the failed rescue attempts ? CNN has been told that there was a group of would-be rescuers at the CIA annex , armed and ready to go within minutes of the attack , but they were held off until finally they defied orders and staged a rescue on their own . Sen. Lindsey Graham pushes for answers Three : Did the administration know immediately that this was a planned terrorist attack ? And if so , why did administration officials try to first claim it was a spontaneous response to a demonstration over a movie that offended Muslims ? "  I think that there 's a real mystery here surrounding what really took place and for reasons unbeknownst to me , the Congress as well as the agency are going out of their way to protect whatever there was that they were doing operationally in Libya , " said Fred Burton , a former State Department diplomatic security agent who has written a book about Benghazi that 's now being turned into an HBO movie . And sources say the CIA has been trying to keep its employees quiet . CNN reported previously that some operatives involved in the agency 's missions in Libya have been subjected to frequent -- even monthly -- polygraph examinations to find out whether they 've have spoken to Congress or the media , according to sources with deep inside knowledge of the agency 's workings . The CIA said in a statement this is "  patently false . " "  Not a single CIA officer who was on the ground in Benghazi during the attacks has been subjected to any CIA polygraph intended to discourage them from speaking to Congress or as retaliation , " the agency told CNN . "  To date , some of these officers have already spoken to the oversight committees on Benghazi , " it added . Commandos were poised for Libya raid to get Benghazi suspect	CIA contractors who responded to terror attack in Libya will tell their story to Congress Lawmakers have been pressing for witness accounts from the September 2012 attack Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in attack Benghazi has become a political flashpoint between Republicans and Obama administration
CNN  -- Ray Herrera does not mince words about what his 12-year-old son , Jack , went through . Jack Herrera is one of six people to die this year because of the naegleria fowleri amoeba . "  It 's beyond description to watch your most precious , beautiful , wonderful , loved one become a vegetable essentially and then die , " Herrera said . In August , Jack returned from summer camp that included swims in Texas ' Lake LBJ . Five days after coming home he was dead , killed by a microscopic amoeba . "  He was the happiest boy anyone ever knew , " Herrera said . Jack is one of six people to die this summer in the United States from the naegleria fowleri amoeba . All were believed by health officials to have contracted an infection from the amoeba from swimming in warm , freshwater lakes , rivers or natural springs . See timeline of the sudden deaths " There is no risk from properly chlorinated swimming pools , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The amoeba enters the human body through the nose . It then travels to the brain , where it begins to feed . Symptoms of the amoeba 's rampage begin 1 to 14 days after infection and resemble the flu . At the onset of those symptoms the amoeba victim 's health swiftly declines . Watch how to reduce risk of contracting the amoeba " At this point , says Dr. Kevin Sherin of the Orange County Health Department who is investigating three deaths this summer in Florida , "  It 's progressing very rapidly and then there 's a downhill course for them there . Folks lapse into a coma , there are abnormal movements of the eyes and a terrible cascade of events leading to the actual death of parts of the brain . " Although exposure to the amoeba is usually fatal , Sherin says a cocktail of drugs can fight the amoeba if administered in time . The key , he says , is identifying the amoeba early . In the hot summer months when the amoeba flourishes , he said , doctors need to learn to look for the symptoms of an amoeba-related illness . "  Physicians have to consider it . The public needs to consider it , " Sherin said . "  If you have a flu-like illness or a bad headache following swimming in a freshwater body and the temperature is over 80 degrees Fahrenheit , be aware of this . " However , only a handful of doctors have seen a patient with the rare amoeba . Until this summer there were only 24 known cases of it in the U.S. since 1989 , according to the CDC . Health officials can not explain the spike in cases this summer , except that weather plays a factor . "  Because it 's been such a hot summer , that has contributed to warmer water temperatures and lower water levels and that makes an ideal environment for the amoeba , " said Dr. Rebecca Sunenshine of the Arizona Department of Health , which is investigating a death last month there tied to the amoeba . Another question health officials have is why the amoeba seems to appear more often in young males . All six victims this summer were male , ages 10 to 22 years old . One theory , the CDC says , is that young males might be more likely to engage in water sports such as water skiing or wakeboarding . Those can lead to greater exposure to the amoeba . But other than wearing nose plugs while swimming or staying out of freshwater above 80 degrees Fahrenheit , there is little people can do to prevent exposure to the amoeba . Health officials say federal or local governments have few tools to combat the amoeba . Even testing the water for amoeba levels , said the CDC 's Dr. Michael Beach , would be of minimal benefit to swimmers . "  It would be very difficult because the testing procedures would n't tell you what 's going on until days after people would actually be in that water . " Beach said this week on CNN 's American Morning . "  So , you have to assume that it 's there and try and reduce these risks even further . This is an extremely rare infection , so we have to keep that in perspective as well , although it 's very severe , " Beach said . In Orange County , Florida , county health department officials have rejected calls to close the lakes this summer . Dr. Kevin Sherin said the department does not have the authority to deny access to public lakes and that privately owned lake areas would remain open regardless of any action to close the lakes . Instead , the health department has posted signs at 15 swimming and boating areas where people may face exposure to the amoeba . The effectiveness of the signs appears mixed . When a CNN crew recently visited a bathing area near a natural spring , the water was packed with families . As he sunbathed near a sign warning of amoebas , John Walters seemed unconcerned about danger possibly lurking beneath the clear , inviting waters . "  It 's no worse I suppose than the gator signs over there and somebody did get attacked here once . " E-mail to a friend	Amoeba lives in freshwater lakes warmer than 80 degrees Fahrenheit Six deaths reported this summer because of amoeba Infection rare ; only sure prevention is to stay out of the water
It was once dominated by children , but today Halloween is a decidedly adult affair -- replete with raucous parties , naughty get-ups and expensive ornamentation . An estimated 71.5 % of Americans are planning to celebrate Halloween this year , up from 52.5 % in 2005 , according to the country 's National Retail Federation  NRF "  A large portion of the growth is coming directly from adults who begin celebrating as early as a month prior to Halloween night , " says NRF spokeswoman Kathy Grannis . "  We are definitely seeing that it is no longer only a children 's holiday . " The trend is going global , too . Within the last five years the holiday has grown considerably outside of the U.S. , according to Lisa Morton , author of "  The Halloween Encyclopedia " and "  Trick or Treat ? : A History of Halloween . " In Great Britain , "  there 's been an almost 700 % increase in adult costume sales since 2009 , " she says . It 's also growing in Japan , where costume play has a longstanding tradition . All grown up The shift from children 's to adult holiday can be traced to the 1970s , when Halloween street festivals in several gay neighborhoods in the U.S. began to transform into adult parties featuring lavish and over-the-top costumes . In the mid-1980s , Halloween gained even more traction among adults , helped by the Coors Brewing Company , who ran an ad campaign featuring TV horror host Elvira . According to Morton , the marketing ploy helped make the ghoulish night a "  beer holiday " in the mold of Superbowl Sunday and St. Patrick 's Day . Retailers capitalized on the party mood and responded to the demand for theatrical dress up . Pin-up pirate , naughty nurse , even sexy Big Bird -- you name it , and there 's a sultry version of the costume available today . Skimpy Halloween get-ups have been available for as long as costumes have been sold commercially , but in the last decade the prevalence of sexy costumes has really exploded , according to Lesley Bannatyne , author of "  Halloween Nation : Behind the Scenes of America 's Fright Night . " Spooky snaps : How to shoot frighteningly good photos this Halloween Why the desire to flaunt so much skin during this particular celebration , which falls at a time of year when temperatures in the northern hemisphere take a downward turn ? "  Whatever box you 're in , Halloween is when you get out of it , and for some , sexiness or outrageousness is their expression of getting out of it , " Bannatyne says . Halloween also benefits from being seen as a secular celebration , open to all and flexible enough to adapt to the prevailing cultural current , she adds . Scaring up big business What folklorists say began as ancient pagan festival celebrating the Celtic New Year , has today evolved into a multibillion-dollar commercial opportunity . The NRF estimates Halloween spending in the U.S. alone will hit a record $ 8 billion this year , with the average U.S. consumer expected to shell out $ 80 on costumes , candy and decorations . Know your ghosts from your goblins ? Take the Halloween quiz In the UK , Planet Retail forecasts Halloween sales will reach nearly $ 549 million , up 12 % from 2011 . Adults are helping drive that rise . "  In the last few years , there have been more adult parties going on at the weekend and it has become more of a big event , " says Nicole Parker-Hodds , an associate analyst at Planet Retail . Halloween is a holiday that morphs with the times , says Morton : "  It goes through cycles and changes its identity about every 40 years . " Its reincarnation as a commercial fun fest for adults may be fleeting , but for now , business keeps booming .	In recent years Halloween has evolved from child 's play to an adult-themed affair Around the world , more money is being spent on Halloween costumes than ever before Festival 's secular inclusiveness seen as key to its growing popularity
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- William Potts picks up his daughters from school every day . People consider him a generous neighbor and a good father . William Potts smuggled a firearm aboard a flight , hijacked the plane and forced the crew to fly to Cuba . But few know how this eccentric American ended up in Cuba . "  I came to Cuba 25 years ago . I hijacked an airplane , " said Potts , who was convicted of air piracy . Potts says he was enthused by Fidel Castro and his revolution . He imagined a racial and social utopia that could be replicated in his own country . In 1984 , he smuggled a firearm aboard a commercial flight and forced the crew to fly to Havana , Cuba . No one was injured . "  In my revolutionary naivete , I came looking for military training , " he says . Instead , he ended up in jail . He spent 13 years behind bars in Cuba . In 1971 , the United States and Cuba signed an agreement in which each government agreed to prosecute hijackers or return them to the other country . Potts , who married after being released from prison , is now divorced and lives on the outskirts of Havana with his two daughters , ages 4 and 7 . He makes some money letting his neighbors use his prized Internet connection . But the New Yorker is homesick and says his elderly parents need help . "  I committed a crime and paid for it , " he says . "  Now what I want is to return home because I have to attend to my family . " Watch Potts explain why he thinks he deserves a pardon " He says the time is right . Potts wrote a letter to President Obama asking for a pardon that would let him return to the United States without fear of being jailed . There are thought to be 700 American fugitives hiding in Cuba . Members of the Black Panthers , Puerto Rican independence movement members and common criminals have sought sanctuary on the island . For the most part , they try to go unnoticed . Perhaps the most famous is black activist Assata Shakur , who was convicted for killing a police officer in New Jersey in 1973 but escaped from prison in 1979 and ended up in Cuba . Potts says he wants to leave behind his radical days and expects that Obama will finally allow him to do that .	William Potts hijacked a plane 25 years ago and forced crew to fly to Cuba Potts served 12 years in a Cuban jail and now lives outside Havana Potts asking Obama for pardon to allow him to return to U.S. to care for family "  I committed a crime and paid for it , " he says
CNN  -- Singaporeans do n't normally gather in public protest . Decades of single party rule and an iron hand when it comes to dissent has shaped a somewhat meek public . But a proposal by the government to allow more immigrants to come to Singapore in the next few decades to make up for a population shortfall has emboldened citizens to go public . On Saturday , several thousand Singaporeans gathered in a small downtown park near an area known as "  Speaker 's Corner " to vent their anger . Organizers estimated the crowd to between 3,000 and 4,000 and said it was the largest gathering since post-independence Singapore in 1965 . Singapore police told CNN they do n't give crowd estimates . At the heart of the issue is a so-called "  White Paper on Population " recently issued by the government that proposes allowing the population to rise from 5.3 million to as high as 6.9 million by 2030 in order to keep the economy growing and to keep it a magnet country for business . The government also says foreigners are needed to take care of the country 's own rapidly aging population . Protesters on Saturday insisted they did n't fear foreigners but worry about the loss of Singaporean jobs to foreigners , depressed wages and overcrowding that has taxed Singapore 's infrastructure , including housing and transportation . Protesters also say the government 's plans will make them a minority in their own country . "  Imagine a place where you can be a stranger in your own home , " a protester said . Like many developed nations , not enough people are having babies . For more than three decades , the country 's fertility rate has been below replacement level , meaning Singaporeans are n't having enough babies to replace themselves . This has had a huge impact on a tiny country striving to be a booming economy . The government has relied on foreigners to fill executive ranks , as well as to perform low-wage jobs from construction to cleaning . While the country is one of the world 's wealthiest , it also has an enormous income disparity between rich and poor . Protesters say Singaporeans would have more babies if they were more confident of their economic prospects , and that the government should rely less on cheaper foreign labor and improve the wages of Singaporeans .	Singapore government wants to increase population by allowing more immigrants Protesters say they worry about losing jobs , overcrowding Government says foreigners are needed to take care of rapidly aging population "  Imagine a place where you can be a stranger in your own home , " protester says
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Monday turned away an appeal from an Ohio judge who wanted to post a copy of the biblical Ten Commandments in his courtroom . The case was among hundreds disposed of by the justices , who returned to start a new term after a three-month recess . Another separate , high-profile petition involved a death row prisoner challenging his conviction in the murder of an 11-year-old Florida girl . The Ohio case was brought by the American Civil Liberties Union , which had successfully prevented Richland County Common Pleas Judge James DeWeese from posting another copy of the Ten Commandments . He first hung the well-known passage from the Bible in 2000 , alongside a copy of the Constitution 's Bill of Rights , and referred to both as "  the rule of law , " according to court documents . The Supreme Court five years ago agreed the display violated the Constitution 's ban against "  establishment " of religion , and ordered the poster removed . But the judge soon tacked up another display , called "  Philosophies of Law in Conflict , " that included the Ten Commandments in a section called "  Moral Absolutes . " A separate section called "  Moral Relativism " included sources such as the Humanist Manifesto . It was that poster the justices Monday again rejected for public viewing in a government building . DeWeese 's attorney , Jay Sekulow of the American Center for Law and Justice had urged the justices to intervene . "  It 's time for the high court to set the record straight : The display by Judge DeWeese is a constitutionally permissible method of explaining his legal and moral philosophy , the same philosophy embraced by our founders , " he said . The ACLU countered the poster was a clear expression of the judge 's religious views , and a clear violation of the long-standing principle of separation of church and state . In a separate appeal , the justices asked Florida to weigh in with a response from an appeal by death row inmate Joseph Smith . The former mechanic was convicted in the horrific murder of Carlie Jane Brucia of Sarasota , who was abducted from near a car wash in 2004 . Dramatic surveillance video from a nearby security camera showed the girl being confronted by a man later identified as Smith , who was on probation at the time . The man then grabbed Carlie and brought her to his car . That footage aired on television around the country , and was used by the FBI and local police to launch a desperate search . Smith was later convicted and sentenced to death . The tragedy prompted congressional legislation , Carlie 's Law , which tightens parole rules for sex offenders , while also creating an alert system to notify parents when criminal activity is taking place nearby . The high court had rejected an earlier appeal from Smith in June , but the inmate filed another federal claim , saying his right to confront witnesses at trial was violated when prosecutors introduced DNA evidence implicating him . A panel of experts talking about the forensic work did not include the lab technician who actually performed the test . State courts have been at odds on whether such non-testimonial evidence is acceptable , particularly in capital cases . The justices last week accepted review of a case from Illinois raising similar issues . The Florida case is Smith v. Florida  09-10755  . The Ohio Ten Commandments case is DeWeese v. ACLU  10-1512  .	An Ohio judge wanted to post the Ten Commandments in his courtroom The court rejected the appeal ; the ACLU and ACLJ were on opposite sides of the case The justices ask Florida to respond to an appeal in a Florida capital case
Nogales , Mexico  CNN  -- An American woman who was released from a Mexican jail cried out for joy when she crossed the border into Arizona . "  I 'm home ! Finally ! " Yanira Maldonado exclaimed . Mexican authorities detained her last week and put her behind bars over allegations she tried to smuggle 12 pounds of marijuana under a bus seat . She and her husband , Gary , were traveling from Mexico back to the United States when their bus was stopped and searched . Yanira Maldonado allegedly was sitting above the illegal stash . Maldonado 's case sparked widespread media coverage and attention from U.S. lawmakers as family members pushed for her freedom . At a press conference early Friday in Nogales , Arizona , she thanked journalists , crediting them for her expedited release . The quality of her conditions in jail also improved as the media coverage increased , she told CNN affiliate KPNX-TV in Phoenix . A court official delivered the good news to her in jail Thursday . "  I screamed , " Maldonado said . The Arizonan and mother of seven had consistently denied the charges against her , and the court determined that the prosecutors did not provide evidence . Her husband , Gary , tearfully embraced his wife after her release . Though the court released her back to the United States , legal proceedings are not completely over , Gary Maldonado said . But his wife 's attorney in Mexico will take care of them in her absence . Opinion : Shakedown ` justice ' in Mexico Security footage revealed Security camera footage revealed in court Thursday shows Maldonado and her husband boarding a bus in Mexico last week . They are carrying a purse , two blankets and two bottles of water . It 's an everyday scene that plays out at bus stations around the world . But in this case , defense attorney Francisco Benitez argued that the images were a crucial piece of evidence . Why ? Because nothing they 're carrying , he said , could hold the amount of marijuana that Maldonado was accused of smuggling . Video footage suggests that someone else brought the marijuana aboard the bus , the lawyer said . Packages of the illegal substance allegedly recovered from under Maldonado 's seat would not have fit in her purse , Benitez said . Big relief Her attorneys also presented documents that show that she and her husband have no criminal records in the United States , Benitez said . Word that the surveillance video had been shown in court was a big relief , her husband said . "  That was the key that would help us prove her innocence , " he said . "  It showed right on the film clear as day there 's no way you could carry 12 pounds or 5.7 kilos with one arm , " he said . The Mexican military officials who arrested Maldonado did n't make their case in court . The soldiers were scheduled to appear Wednesday but did n't show . Opinion : Americans still captive in global power games Official : She was framed Mexican authorities arrested Maldonado , a U.S. citizen , on May 22 as she and her husband were on their way back to Arizona . Gary Maldonado said he believes Mexican soldiers at the checkpoint wanted a bribe . A Mexican state official also told CNN it appears that Maldonado was framed . Yanira Maldonado does not necessarily think she was directly targeted . "  Someone smuggled those in there , and I probably sat in the wrong seat , " she said . Nonetheless , she called on those who arrested her to "  repent , " find "  respectable work " and stop making people suffer . A regional office of Mexico 's defense ministry said troops conducting a routine investigation stopped the bus Maldonado was riding in and found 12.5 pounds  5.7 kilograms  of a substance that appeared to be marijuana under her seat . Troops turned the case over to the Mexican attorney general 's office , the defense ministry said . Maldonado was held in a women 's prison in Nogales , Mexico . Tearful pleas In an interview Wednesday with CNN , Maldonado , a Mormon , said she turned to Scripture to survive the ordeal . "  Reading the Scriptures , reading the Book of Mormon , praying , fasting , " Maldonado said . "  And all the support that I 've been getting from my family , my husband , my children and everybody out there reaching out to help . " Family members ' tearful pleas for her release drew widespread media attention and caught the attention of U.S. officials . U.S. Rep. Matt Salmon , R-Arizona , said he had spoken about the case with the U.S. ambassador to Mexico and Mexico 's ambassador in Washington . State Department officials said consular officials met with Maldonado on Wednesday and May 24 . U.S. diplomats did the same things they would when a U.S. citizen is arrested in a foreign country , but maybe to a higher degree because of the high-profile nature of the case , a senior administration official said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Yanira Maldonado calls for those who arrested her to "  repent " Maldonado 's attorney cites security camera footage as crucial evidence Maldonado was accused of smuggling drugs on a bus Mexican court determines prosecutors did not provide evidence .
Santa Ana , California  CNN  -- A judge has postponed an arraignment hearing scheduled for a former Marine accused of fatally stabbing four homeless men in Southern California . The hearing for Itzcoatl Ocampo , 23 , was postponed Wednesday until February 17 after Judge Donald F. Gaffney granted a defense motion asking for more time . Ocampo , 23 , remains jailed without bail . He is in a protective "  suicide blanket , " defense attorney Randall Longwith said . Longwith told reporters he asked for the delay because he had not been given enough time to meet with his client . Authorities only allowed him to talk with Ocampo for 15 seconds Tuesday , he said . "  There was no basis for a plea at this point . I do n't have enough information to even make a plea , " he said . Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas told reporters Wednesday that Ocampo was a "  serious , vicious killer . " "  He appears to be lucid , calm , intelligent , somebody who knows what he 's doing . And his acts are very intentional , " Rackauckas said . Describing his brief conversation with Ocampo , Longwith painted a different picture . "  He looked at me . He answered when I asked him questions . It was a flat affect and a distant look in his eyes . ... He looked frightened in there , starry-eyed , " Longwith said . The attorney said he did not know whether his client had been medicated . He said he hoped to have doctors examine Ocampo as soon as possible . Ocampo faces four charges of first-degree murder . He was arrested Friday night after he allegedly stabbed a transient to death , Anaheim Police Sgt. Bob Dunn said . Rackauckas said Tuesday that prosecutors had not decided whether they would seek the death penalty in the case . Attached to the 1st Marine Logistics Group at Camp Pendleton , California , Ocampo was a corporal and a motor vehicle operator , serving in the Marines from July 2006 until July 2010 , and was deployed to Iraq for six months in 2008 , according to Marine service records . He received an Iraq campaign medal with one star , a Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and a National Defense Service Medal , records showed . Ocampo 's family members watched Wednesday 's hearing on a video monitor at the courthouse , but did not speak to reporters . The arrest left those who know Ocampo confused . The suspect 's father , Refugio Ocampo , who is himself homeless , told the Orange County Register it was hard to believe his son could be involved in the killings . "  I saw him so many times giving the last money he had in his pocket ... to the homeless , to the people that  are  asking for some help . ... My son 's always been a role model , " Refugio Ocampo said in a video interview posted on the newspaper 's website . Norberto Martinez , a family friend who lives with the veteran 's uncle , mother and two siblings in Yorba Linda , California , said family and friends were surprised to learn that the mild-mannered 23-year-old was a suspect in the slayings . Martinez said he watched ballgames on television and went on walks with Ocampo , but avoided talking about the war because it upset the veteran . "  I would n't talk to him about Iraq , " Martinez said . "  Whenever he talked with me , he was normal . " The four slaying victims are James McGillivray , 50 , who was killed December 20 ; Lloyd "  Jimmy " Middaugh , 42 , who died December 27 ; Paulus "  Dutch " Smit , 57 , killed on December 30 ; and John Berry , 64 , who was stabbed to death January 13 . CNN 's Linda Hall , Michael Martinez , Jaqueline Hurtado and Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	An arraignment hearing is scheduled for February 17 Itzcoatl Ocampo , 23 , is accused of fatally stabbing four homeless men A defense attorney says he was not given enough time to meet with Ocampo A prosecutor calls the former Marine a "  serious , vicious killer "
CNN  -- Robin Williams was in the early stages of Parkinson 's disease when he died this week , his wife says . Williams was found dead in his Northern California home Monday after what investigators suspect was a suicide by hanging . What is Parkinson 's disease ? Parkinson 's disease is a "  progressive disorder of the nervous system , " according to the Mayo Clinic , that primarily affects a patient 's movement . It often starts with a small tremor in the hand or muscle stiffness and gets worse over time . There is no test for Parkinson 's , so it is occasionally misdiagnosed . Parkinson 's patients often have trouble walking and talking . Symptoms include slowness of movement , a loss of balance and slurred speech . With Parkinson 's disease , "  you may have a decreased ability to perform unconscious movements , including blinking , smiling or swinging your arms when you walk , " the Mayo Clinic says . The symptoms are often worse on one side of the body . Whom does it affect ? Approximately 1 million people have Parkinson 's disease in the United States , according to the Parkinson 's Disease Foundation . Men are more likely to get it than women , and it usually affects people over 50 . What causes Parkinson 's disease ? Your body uses a chemical called dopamine to control movement , according to the National Institutes of Health . Dopamine is produced by neurons in the brain , which begin to die with Parkinson 's disease . With fewer live cells , a dopamine deficit occurs , causing movement issues . Scientists do n't know what exactly causes these cells to start to deteriorate but believe it 's a combination of genes and environmental causes . About 15 % to 25 % of Parkinson 's patients have a family member with the disease , the Parkinson 's Disease Foundation says . In some cases , researchers have identified a single gene mutation that 's passed from generation to generation , according to the Michael J. Fox Foundation . "  Mutations in the LRRK2 gene are the greatest genetic contributor to Parkinson 's disease discovered to date , " the site states . But in most cases , the cause is probably a combination of gene mutations . Studies have also linked chemicals like TCE and PERC to Parkinson 's , though the relationship has not been proved . "  A simple exposure to an environmental toxin is never enough to cause Parkinson 's , " the Parkinson 's Disease Foundation states . "  In fact , there is no conclusive evidence that any environmental factor , alone , can be considered a cause of the disease . Can you treat it ? There is no cure for Parkinson 's disease , according to the National Institutes of Health , but doctors can help patients cope with symptoms . A medication called levodopa is often given to patients to help their brains make more dopamine . It 's often prescribed with carbidopa , which helps bring the levodopa into the brain . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved deep brain stimulation , which is also used to treat depression , to reduce symptoms in Parkinson 's patients . Electrodes are implanted into the brain and connected to a small device that emits programmed pulses to help control movement . Other patients prefer less invasive forms of therapy like tai chi . A recent study done at Harvard University found that patients with Parkinson 's improved after researchers transplanted tissue from fetal dopamine cells into their brains . Patients with severe symptoms experienced 50 % fewer symptoms in the years after surgery . People who had been taking medication to control their Parkinson 's but found that the medicine no longer worked also saw significant improvements after surgery . Complete coverage on Robin Williams Parkinson 's did n't stop his space walk	Parkinson 's disease is a progressive disorder of the nervous system Neurons die , leaving the brain with a deficit of a chemical called dopamine Approximately 1 million people in the United States have Parkinson 's
CNN  -- YouTube is a source of entertainment and news for billions around the world , but Pakistanis have lost access to the video site for almost a year after clips of the controversial film "  Innocence of Muslims " prompted a government ban . That ban will be challenged for the first time in court Wednesday -- and activists , as well as artists , some of whose careers were launched on YouTube , are keeping their fingers crossed . Rapper , singer and songwriter Adil Omar is a musician that has relied on social networking sites to launch his career . Even without a record label , he successfully used YouTube to reach both a domestic and international audience -- collaborating with international artists like Cypress Hill , Everlast , Xzibit and guitarist Slash from Guns 'N Roses . Producer of anti-Islam film on supervised release YouTube "  has put me out there internationally . I 've worked with major artists , been in the mainstream press , " Omar said . But soon after the YouTube ban , response to his album plummeted . "  I 'm getting about a tenth of the promotion I was getting before and I have about a tenth of the sales I was initially getting , " he said . Numbers on YouTube reflect his comment . Omar 's last major single "  Paki Rambo , " released before the YouTube ban , generated more than 320,000 hits . One of his first singles after the ban got just over 30,000 clicks . Protests erupted across the Arab world last year when trailers for "  Innocence of Muslims , " an anti-Islam film that mocks the prophet Mohammed , appeared online . YouTube is not the only social media website that was taken away from Pakistani Web users . Facebook , Twitter and Tumblr all have been banned in the past . The recent ban on YouTube , however , is the longest-running act of online censorship in Pakistan 's history . Bytes for All , an organization that fights for digital rights in Pakistan , has worked to lift this censorship -- running a poster campaign , filing petitions and writing to the U.N. Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Expression . "  We do not need dictatorial nannies to tell people what to watch and what not to watch and what decision to take and how to take it . Because after all , it 's a democracy . It 's not a dictatorship anymore , " said Furhan Hussain from Bytes for All . The ban on YouTube "  is in direct violation of the constitution of Pakistan . It violates the fundamental human rights of freedom of expression and freedom of access to information of the citizens of Pakistan , " he said . CNN reached out for comment repeatedly to Pakistan 's minister of information technology but got no response . Omar , like the activists from Bytes for All , hopes the ban will be lifted soon . "  What I 'd like to see happen is for YouTube to open up again . For Pakistani artists and musicians to be able to earn money again and make a living ... to be able to reach an international audience again . "	A government ban on YouTube in Pakistan is being challenged in court Wednesday Pakistani artists who gain exposure through the video channel are hoping the ban is lifted Pakistanis lost access to YouTube last year after clips from a controversial film appeared on the site
CNN  -- The Spanish title race is shaping up to be one of the closest in years -- and the battle for the "  Pichichi " is also hotting up . While Atletico Madrid matched the 1-0 victory by league-leading city rival Real on Saturday , Diego Costa kept in touch with Cristiano Ronaldo at the top of the La Liga scoring charts by emulating the world player of the year 's decisive strike . Ronaldo 's first-half winner at Malaga meant Real will head into next weekend 's "  El Clasico " clash with defending champion Barcelona holding a three-point advantage over second-placed Atletico . It was his 25th goal in the league this season and 39th in all competitions , with Ronaldo firing home in trademark style after cutting into the penalty area from the left following a crossfield pass from Gareth Bale . Ronaldo missed several other chances , and his collision with teammate Karim Benzema resulted in the France striker going off injured . "  We had chances to score the second goal but unfortunately we were n't able to get it and then when the score is 1-0 you always suffer , " said coach Carlo Ancelotti . "  It was n't a great game in terms of how we played , but we showed good attitude and were very solid defensively . " Brazil-born Costa , hoping to win a World Cup place this year with his adopted Spain , netted for the 22nd time in the league -- and 30th overall -- as he broke clear of the visiting Espanyol defense 10 minutes after halftime and coolly beat the keeper . The Madrid clubs are moving clear of Barca , who are seven points behind Real ahead of Sunday 's home clash with Osasuna . Lionel Messi has won the Pichichi Trophy for the past two years , but is 10 behind Ronaldo after an injury-hit season so far . The Argentine is not even Barcelona 's top scorer in the league -- that honor goes to Chile 's Alexis Sanchez , who has 16 . In Saturday 's other matches , Celta Vigo won 1-0 at fellow midtable side Levante while Rayo Vallecano moved three points clear of the relegation zone with a 3-1 win over second-bottom Almeria . German Bundesliga Champions Bayern Munich moved 23 points clear at the top of the table with a 2-1 win at home to fourth-placed Bayer Leverkusen , meaning coach Josep Guardiola could win his first league title with the club next weekend with eight matches to spare . Goals from Mario Mandzukic and Bastian Schweinsteiger helped the European champions shrug off the midweek jailing of club president Uli Hoeness for tax evasion , as Stefan Kiessling 's late consolation could not prevent Bayern 's 16th successive league win . Second-placed Borussia Dortmund suffered a 2-1 home defeat by Borussia Monchengladbach , and Jurgen Klopp 's team will surrender the title race if more points are dropped next weekend . Schalke , who moved up to third with Friday 's 2-1 win over Augsburg , must also win to stop Bayern clinching a second successive title -- and 24th overall . Dortmund 's defeat meant Schalke closed to within a point of their rivals ahead of the derby clash on March 25 . Italian Serie A Inter Milan moved up to fourth place with a 2-0 win at Verona , thanks to goals from Argentine forward Rodrigo Palacio and Brazilian defender Jonathan . It was the third win in a row for Walter Mazzarri 's side , but Fiorentina can reclaim the Europa League berth by beating Chievo Verona on Sunday . French Ligue 1 Third-placed Lille missed a chance to close the gap on Monaco in second after being held 0-0 at home by Nantes . Monaco travel to fifth-placed Lyon on Saturday , while champions Paris Saint-Germain will seek to extend an eight-point advantage at the top against fourth side St. Etienne .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores winner at Malaga to maintain Real Madrid 's lead Rival Diego Costa also scores only goal of match for second-placed Atletico Bayern Munich march closer to a 24th German Bundesliga title Inter Milan 's European hopes boosted by third successive Serie A win
CNN  -- Nearly 35 years after a Texas judge sentenced him to death , Ronald Chambers was found dead Monday morning on the floor of his cell . Guards found Chambers , 55 , unresponsive around 6:30 a.m. while doing their rounds , Dallas County Sheriff Spokeswoman Kim Leach said . He was then transported to Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas , where he was pronounced dead . The Dallas County medical examiner 's office said it would take six to 12 weeks before Chambers ' cause of death could be definitively determined . But Leach said Chambers had many health complications when he came last year to the Dallas County jail . Chambers was 19 when he and Clarence Ray Williams kidnapped Mike McMahon and his date from the parking lot of a Dallas nightclub , then ordered them down the embankment of the Trinity River , according to the Texas Attorney General 's Office . The two men robbed the couple and , after shooting at them , left them for dead . The female survivor , Deia Sutton , testified that she and her boyfriend survived the first attack , but Chambers went back and killed McMahan by repeatedly hitting him over the head with the barrel of a shotgun . On December 18 , 1975 , a jury found Chambers guilty of capital murder and a judge subsequently put him on the state 's death row . The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals twice set aside his conviction -- once because he was n't read his Miranda rights after being interviewed by a state psychiatrist -- but both times he was retried and convicted again . In 2007 , the U.S. Supreme Court again granted Chambers a stay of execution , amid questions about the instructions given to the jury , the Dallas Observer reported . The case was sent back to Texas and a fourth sentencing trial was set for spring 2011 , according to published reports . While numerous reports called Chambers the "  Dean of Death Row , " because of the various legal maneuverings he did n't have a death sentence the entire time he was behind bars , including at the time of his death . Excell White , who killed four people in 1974 and was n't executed until 1999 , spent more time -- 8,854 days -- on death row before being put to death than any other Texas convict . Texas , which has executed more prisoners since 1976 than any other state , pays $ 86.08 to execute a death row inmate , or the cost of drugs used in a lethal injection , the state 's Division of Criminal Justice reports . That compares to the $ 17,338 , on average , that it costs to jail a Texas inmate for 12 months , according to 2009 data from the National Institute of Corrections , which is below the national yearly average of $ 28,689 .	Ronald Chambers was found on the floor of his cell and later pronounced dead He was convicted of capital murder in 1975 , then sentenced to Texas ' death row Chambers ' conviction was twice set aside , but he was later convicted again
CNN  -- One of the Internet 's great promises is that it 's the ultimate democratizer . It 's open to everyone and allows all people to communicate . Facebook and Google have added new translation tools , but they take different approaches . But , so far , there have been several hitches in that plan . Not everyone has access to a computer and a broadband connection . Some governments still censor the Internet . And of course , we do n't all speak the same language . For the World Wide Web to be truly global , should n't Chinese speakers be able to chat online with people who only speak Spanish ? And why should an English speaker be barred from reading blogs written in Malagasy or Zulu ? Facebook Inc. and Google Inc. are two Web companies trying particularly hard to make this happen , and they 've released a number of updates to their translation services in recent weeks . The two online giants are going about the process in different ways . Facebook aims to translate the Web using an army of volunteers and some hired professional translators . Meanwhile , Google plans to let computers do most of the work . Which method will ultimately prevail remains to be seen . But for now , here 's a look at the latest language features from both companies , and some background on how their translation services work .  Feel free to add your own Internet translation tips -- and fun translation bloopers -- in the comments section at the bottom of the story  : Facebook 's human translation Many tech bloggers think Facebook 's method of human translation seems promising . After all , the American-born social networking site introduced non-English languages for the first time only in January 2008 . Now about 70 percent of Facebook 's 300 million users are outside of the United States . How it works : Real people are at the heart of Facebook translation plan . They suggest translated phrases and vote on translations that others have submitted . These crowd-sourced edits -- which work kind of like Wikipedia -- make Facebook 's translation service smarter over time . Go to Facebook 's translation page to check it out or to participate . Size : More than 65 languages function on Facebook now , according to Facebook 's statistics . At least another 30 languages are in the works , meaning Facebook needs help working out the kinks on those languages before they 're put to use . What 's new ? Facebook announced in a blog post on September 30 that the social network has made its crowd-sourced translation technology available to other sites on the Web . The update allows sites to install a translation gadget on their sites through Facebook Connect , a service that lets Facebook users sign in on other Web pages . Facebook also added some new languages , including Latin and "  Pirate , " which translates the Facebooky word "  share " as "  blabber t ` yer mates ! " Pros and cons : People are good at knowing idioms and slang , so Facebook tends to get these right , but there are limited numbers of multi-lingual volunteers who want to spend time helping Facebook translate things . Also , Facebook 's site is available in many languages , but its human translators do n't touch wall posts , photo comments and other user-submitted items , which is a big con if you want to have friends who do n't share a common language with you . People who use Facebook Connect to translate their sites can choose which text they want users to help translate , according to Facebook spokeswoman Malorie Lucich . Craig Ulliott , founder of whereivebeen.com , said he 's excited about Facebook 's translation application , but it would be too much to ask his site 's users to translate user-submitted material . Google 's ` mechanical ' translation Google uses mathematical equations to try to translate the Web 's content . This fits in line with the company 's mission , which is to organize the world 's information and make it useful and accessible to all . How it works : Google 's computers learn how to be translators by examining text that 's already on the Web , and from professional Web translations posted online , said Franz Och , a principal scientist at Google . The more text is out there , the more Google learns and the better its translations become . The search-engine company currently translates documents , search results and full Web pages . Size : Google claims to be the largest free language translation service online . It covers 51 languages and more than 2,500 language pairs . The site 's interface has been translated , with the help of Google users , into 130 languages . What 's new ? : Google recently created a widget that any Web developer can put on his or her page to offer up Google translations . So , say you 're a blogger who writes about music . You might get some Brazilian readers if you offered up a button to translate your site into Portuguese . Google also recently unveiled a translation service for Google Docs , which lets anyone upload a document to the Web and have it translated into a number of languages for free . And there 's a new Firefox add-on from Google to help people translate the Web more quickly . Och said real-time translation of Internet chats is on the horizon , as are more languages and increased quality as Google 's computers get smarter . Pros and cons : Google 's computerized approach means it can translate tons of content -- and fast . But computers are n't quite up to speed with ever-evolving modern speech , so reports of translation errors are fairly common . On the plus side , the service has been vastly improved in the last five years , Och said . Also , Google lets people spot translation errors , suggest new wordings and translate its interface into languages Google 's computers do n't speak just yet .	Facebook and Google are finding new ways to translate the Web Facebook favors human translation ; Google leans on its computers Google claims to be the largest translation service online , with 51 languages Facebook announces a new service to let Internet users help translate sites
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A diplomatic row has erupted between Japan and China after a group of Chinese nationals were photographed raising flags on a disputed island in the East China Sea before being arrested , the latest incident in rising territorial tensions in North Asia . Japanese authorities on Wednesday arrested 14 Chinese activists at the disputed islands . "  We will deal with the issue sternly based on the law , " Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda told reporters Wednesday night , as Japan 's foreign ministry summoned the Chinese ambassador to protest strongly what it called an illegal landing . In a press conference , Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said , "  Senkaku Islands are our sovereign territory historically and in the international law . We are controlling the islands effectively . " He said the activists were given repeated warnings and that their landing was "  very regrettable . " China says it has sovereignty over the East China Sea islands , which it calls Diaoyu , and has urged Japan to immediately release the detained citizens . On Wednesday Vice Foreign Minister Fu Ying summoned the Japanese ambassador and phoned her Japanese counterpart to "  lodge solemn representation over Japan 's illegal arrest , " according to the Chinese Foreign Ministry . In Hong Kong , Chief Executive C.Y. Leung summoned Japanese Consul-General Yuji Kumamaru , expressing similar "  extreme " concern . Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China . Five of the men who landed on the islands were taken into custody by Okinawa police , while the nine others on the vessel were detained by the Japan Coast Guard . At least six are from Hong Kong , including former Legislative Council member "  Bull " Tsang Kin-shing , according to the Hong Kong Immigration Department , which on Thursday sent two officers to Okinawa , Japan , where the group is being detained . Leading the activists is the Hong Kong-based Action Committee for Defending the Diaoyu Islands . In addition to Tsang , the group included a labor union chairman , a teacher , two TV journalists and seven crew members , according to lists provided by the police and coast guard . The Hong Kong-registered fishing vessel , which had set sail on Sunday , was detained and the men charged with violating the immigration control and refugee recognition act , according to Japanese and Hong Kong authorities . According to the Hong Kong group 's Twitter account , they planned to demolish the Japanese lighthouse on the island , sing the national anthem and set up a television and radio to receive Chinese broadcasts . A tweet three hours later reassured readers of their safety and eventual return after being "  invited to stay in Okinawa overnight to have sushi and ramen . " A picture of the activists showed a Taiwan flag being borne ; it was not clear whether the self-identified Chinese nationals included anyone from Taiwan , which China considers a renegade province . The arrests have led to anti-Japanese protests in Shanghai , Hong Kong and Beijing . The Wednesday incident coincided with the 67th anniversary of Japan 's official World War II surrender . On the same day , two Japanese Cabinet ministers visited the controversial Yasukuni shrine in Tokyo , which honors Japan 's war dead as well as war criminals . China and South Korea , given their respective wartime occupation and colonization by Japan , have condemned such visits . Adding to the regional tensions before the anniversary was South Korean President Lee Myung-bak 's visit to what the country calls Dokdo , a small group of islets that Japan claims as Takeshima . The move prompted Japan to recall its ambassador to Seoul . On Tuesday , Lee said in remarks to teachers that Japanese Emperor Akihito should make a "  sincere apology " for suffering under Japanese colonial rule . The following day , amateur South Korean athletes , including the rock singer Kim Jang-hoon , swam in a 49-hour , 220-kilometer relay toward the island to mark the anniversary of their country 's independence from Japan in 1945 . CNN 's Steven Jiang , Alexis Lai , Junko Ogura and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	14 Chinese activists arrested by Japanese authorities at disputed islands Japan calls "  Senkaku Islands " its sovereign territory ; China claims "  Diaoyu " islands as its own Six arrested are from Hong Kong , including former politician , Immigration department says China and Hong Kong demand immediate release ; incident coincides with WWII anniversary
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Cost overruns on big-ticket Pentagon projects have left the U.S. military facing a budgetary "  train wreck " at a time of growing budget deficits , Sen. John McCain said Tuesday . A Littoral combat ship is tested in July . The cost to build the ships more than doubled , according to a report . McCain and Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan and the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said the cost of 95 major weapons systems -- ships , aircraft and armored vehicles -- have ballooned by a total of 30 percent in recent years , to about $ 1.3 trillion . The senators announced an effort , including legislation , to rein in that spending and tighten Defense Department oversight . With U.S. troops fighting two wars overseas and personnel costs dominating the defense budget , "  We 're facing a train wreck , " said McCain , the ranking Republican on the committee and the GOP 's presidential candidate in 2008 . "  We can not continue on this path of escalating costs without at some point making some tough choices , which may endanger our nation 's security , " he said . McCain and Levin singled out the Navy 's planned construction of Littoral combat ships , a class of small vessels designed for coastal operations , for particular criticism . Levin said the ships are "  way beyond " their projected construction time of two years , and the program has grown from a cost per ship of about $ 220 million to more than $ 500 million , according to a November report from the Congressional Research Service . "  We ca n't have a ship that 's a small ship that 's supposed to be built in two years run completely out of control to double or triple or quadruple its original cost estimates , " McCain said . He also criticized the planned purchase of 28 new Marine helicopters for the White House that he said cost "  more than Air Force One . " But White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Tuesday that President Barack Obama has put that $ 11 billion order on hold . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said Tuesday that the Defense Department is committed to reviewing its big-ticket contracts , "  particularly those programs that are underperforming . " The presidential helicopter project "  is one of those programs , " he said . Levin and McCain said their push will include hearings into military contracting , legislation creating new watchdog posts in the Pentagon and an effort to stiffen congressional oversight of big-ticket programs . "  The Department of Defense has the major responsibility to make sure that these programs are run efficiently . Congress has an oversight responsibility , " Levin said . "  Neither of those activities have been carried out adequately . " Their announcement comes as Obama is scheduled to deliver his budget address to Congress , and Defense Secretary Robert Gates is already examining whether to cut back on some of the armed services ' biggest purchases . "  This moment also presents an opportunity , one of those rare chances to match virtue to necessity , to critically and ruthlessly separate appetites from real requirements , " Gates told a Senate hearing in January . Among the other items under scrutiny : The $ 950 billion joint strike fighter program , the Army 's $ 200 billion Future Combat System and the Navy 's Virginia-class attack submarines . "  We are going to have lots of fights in the next two or three months over various parts of the defense budget , " said Winslow Wheeler , an analyst for the nonprofit Center for Defense Information . The plans have leading defense contractors and members of Congress with contractors ' factories in their districts already arguing to keep their programs intact . Lockheed Martin 's F-22 program , for instance , employs about 12,000 people in 44 states , its supporters argue . But Wheeler said defense spending produces "  significantly less " employment than spending in other areas , such as mass transit or health care . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Senators announce push to rein in weapons spending , tighten Pentagon oversight Push to include legislation for new watchdog posts , hearings into contracting Senators : Cost of 95 major weapons systems have ballooned by 30 percent "  We can not continue on this path of escalating costs , " Sen. McCain says
InStyle.com  -- From barefoot tomboy to fashion supernova , fearless pop renegade Rihanna lives to bust all the rules . "  I love the heavy chain over this pretty dress -- it 's exactly the way I would do it , " says Rihanna . What are some rules you 'd like to crush ? The idea of not wearing brown and black together seems so dated . The other day I wore a black T-shirt , black Nobody jeans , a brown leopard-print belt by Dolce & Gabbana , and brown Giuseppe Zanotti shoes , and it looked awesome . Also the rule about not matching your makeup to your outfit . I do that onstage , matching red lipstick to a bright red jacket or neon-pink eye shadow to a pink jumpsuit . And I also love to mix prints . We 've had the Meg , the Jennifer , and now people ask for the Rihanna at salons . Will you be switching it up again ? The first time I heard people were asking for the Rihanna , it was really flattering and maybe a little strange . It caught me by surprise , but now I feel it 's a very cool thing . I do n't feel the pressure to change it up again at all . I like it , as they like it . Can you talk about your style obsessions and how your look has evolved over the years ? It has evolved without my even noticing it . Lately I 'm obsessed with Thierry Mugler ... Grace Jones inspires me . She is the most iconic woman ever , in my eyes . She has extraordinary style and she 's fearless . I love designer Martin Margiela ; Kanye West told me about him . I also like Dsquared , Chlo , Zac Posen ... But you were n't always a fashion maven ? Growing up in Barbados , you were a tomboy . I wore my brother 's clothes , dresses with sneakers , or no shoes at all . I would always get into trouble with my mom . She would say things to scare me like , "  You 're going to get cut ! " But I could n't help it . I would climb trees , steal mangoes , catch birds -- silly things that were fun to us at the time . My cousin and I were the only girls in the group . We would have to stand up for ourselves because the guys did n't want us around . You stood out in Barbados because of your light complexion . Do you remember having trouble fitting in at school ? Definitely . It made me angry ... For the first six years of school , I would go home traumatized . The harassment continued to my very last day of elementary school . High school was better . I read that your mom owns a boutique and your dad works at a garment factory -- it seems you have the Rihanna fashion line already partly sewn up . -LSB- Giggles -RSB- Well I am working on that right now . It takes a lot of effort , and I want to be involved with every step of the process . What do you do for kicks in L.A. ? I do n't go out much . I 'm moving into a new four-bedroom home in Los Feliz that I 'm excited about . Parts of it will be inspired by India . I love things like canopy beds , printed fabrics and Spanish touches . Then I can stay at home and cook West Indian dishes like callaloo -LSB- stewed greens -RSB- . But I do want a sports car -- as soon as I get my license . Who knew you were so domestic . Wait a minute . You 're such a rebel . In the video for "  Take a Bow , " you drive a car . I have my Barbadian license , just not my American one . How will you celebrate your 21st birthday ? Do n't scare me ! I have till February . I feel like I have so much more to accomplish before I 'm 21 . No party plans yet . Many showbiz types say , "  Do n't ever read your own press , " but you do , even the online stuff . What 's the kookiest thing you 've read about yourself ? The Grammy thing -- that I brought Jay-Z on stage and Beyonc was upset , which is so ridiculous . Or the idea that I 've had breast implants -- I do n't even have much cleavage . It was just the dress ! So yes , I read about myself and about everybody else in the gossip pages . It 's comedy to me ; I laugh about it . The tattoo behind your ear is a Pisces symbol -- two fish swimming head to tail in a circle -- which represents life after death . If possible , what would you be reincarnated as ? If I had to come back in another form , it would be as my dog , DJ . He gets the best treatment , all the attention in the world , and he 's so adorable . Plus , he goes everywhere I can take him . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rihanna wants to crush the idea of not wearing brown and black together Her light complexion gave her trouble fitting in at school in Barbados Singer 's new four-bedroom home decor in Los Feliz to be inspired by India "  If I had to come back in another form , it would be as my dog , " Rihanna says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- France 's new president , Franois Hollande , reaffirmed Friday during a visit to Kabul that France will withdraw 2,000 troops from Afghanistan by the end of 2012 . He spoke after meeting with French troops stationed there and holding talks with the country 's president , Hamid Karzai . Giving a joint news conference with Karzai , Hollande said he had come to tell French troops that "  their task has come to an end in Afghanistan . " But he also stressed France 's ongoing cooperation with Afghanistan , saying he and Karzai had discussed details of their nations ' strategic partnership agreement . "  After 10 years of European military engagement in Afghanistan , now Afghan security forces are taking the responsibility of their own security , and it is time for us to leave , " Hollande said . "  But our cooperation and relationship will not end . In January this year , Afghanistan and France signed the strategic partnership agreement , and based on that , we will be increasing our assistance in other fields . "  After the end of this year , our military trainers and mentors will remain to help Afghan security forces . As President Karzai emphasized , we will be focusing on the health sector , education , civil services , agriculture sector , energy and water and many more . We will also be helping in the economic sector . " Karzai praised France as a longstanding ally of his country . "  France has been our friend for a long time now -- we have relations for the past at least 150 years . They helped us before jihad , during jihad and after jihad , " he said . This visit follows Hollande 's announcement at the NATO conference in Chicago that French combat troops would withdraw from Afghanistan by the end of the year . As part of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , French trainers will remain in the country longer . NATO countries are trying to figure out how to meet a 2014 deadline to withdraw from an unpopular war in Afghanistan while shoring up that nation 's security forces . Some nations have already pulled out troops . The Netherlands , which had nearly 2,000 troops in Afghanistan at the peak of its commitment , became the first NATO ally to withdraw its combat troops two years ago . Canada , which once headed the ISAF mission , pulled out almost all of its 3,000 soldiers at the end of 2011 . Norway also withdrew almost all of its 500 troops during this period . Hollande , who took office this month , visited French troops at the Nijrab forward operating base in the northeastern province of Kapisa , his office said in a statement . He "  paid tribute to the 83 French soldiers killed carrying out their mission " in Afghanistan , the statement said , as well as the wounded and the families of the victims . Hollande was accompanied by Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian . Hollande 's trip to Afghanistan takes place in the same month as President Barack Obama 's visit to the country on the anniversary of the killing of terrorist mastermind Osama bin Laden . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	NEW : Other nations , such as Canada , the Netherlands and Norway , have withdrawn troops Franois Hollande tells French troops "  their task has come to an end in Afghanistan " Afghan leader Hamid Karzai praises France 's longstanding support for Afghanistan Hollande reaffirms France 's decision to withdraw 2,000 troops by the end of the year
CNN  -- It 's the most controversial issue since people started filming videos in portrait mode . Should tablets be used as cameras ? Whipping out a tablet to take a photo is a practice that , like it or not , is going mainstream . Once primarily the domain of dads who do n't mind embarrassing their children , tablet photography has become so common that Apple added serious camera features to its new full-sized iPad . Why , when it 's very likely they have a smartphone with a better camera , do people use tablets to take photos and videos ? "  I think people look a little silly doing it but I can understand why , " said Amit Gupta , founder of Photojojo.com . "  It 's like the world 's biggest viewfinder . " Traditional cameras have small viewfinders that , when you put your eye to them , fill your entire view with a scene . Smartphone screens are dinky in comparison . Someone who struggles to see a phone screen , especially when holding the device in outstretched arms , may enjoy the extra real estate of a tablet . Editing is also much easier on a tablet . On a smartphone , post-production is usually limited to a few tweaks and an Instagram filter , but a tablet is large enough to be a decent canvas for editing . Gupta 's site is a popular shop for mobile photography accessories . Since the iPad debuted , he has seen a jump in the number of people buying tablet-specific photography tools , like the iOgrapher iPad Video Rig . For critics , a better view is n't enough to justify pulling out a tablet instead of a phone or real camera . Aside from the camera quality , there are a number of reasons for the stigma against tablet photography -- including what professional photographer and instructor Steve Simon calls "  the dorky factor . " Wielding a large flat rectangle to take a photo is awkward . The thin smooth frame is made for gripping with two hands or resting on a surface , not holding it above your head while you tap to focus a shot . Light bouncing off the large glossy screen can create unfortunate glare , especially outdoors . The shape and size can also have an impact on a final photo . Cameras have an effect on their subjects . A person will act differently in front of a large professional DLSR setup versus a smartphone or tablet . "  As a street photographer where keeping a low profile is hugely helpful to capture real moments , using a large tablet is the opposite of ` stealthy , ' " said Simon , who teaches a course on street photography . "  I find the tablet photographer looks a bit invasive and aggressive holding that big device in front of whatever or whoever they aim it at . " It 's not just the person they 're photographing that might be put off . Events like concerts are already turning into obnoxious seas of smartphones being held in the air . The only thing worse is the person who holds up a tablet , blocking other peoples ' views . Early tablet photographers clearly are n't too concerned about what other people think , or the hardware 's limitations . Apple 's upgrades mean the practice could catch on with more people and shed some negative associations . Remember , there was resistance to smartphone photography at first , too , but it took off because people always had the devices in their pockets and sharing was instant . The photos were n't great quality but using a phone was convenient , and "  the best camera is the one that 's with you " became a rallying cry . The iPad Air 2 's main camera is now competitive with the iPhone 6 . It has an eight megapixel sensor and a number of camera features previously only found on iPhones , including time-lapse video , slow-motion and burst mode . Apple says its new iPad Air screen has been redesigned and given an anti-reflective coating to reduce glare by more than half . Inside , there 's a more powerful graphics processor , which makes the tablet a great tool for editing . The number of full-featured photo and video editing apps for the iPad is growing : Apple demonstrated the new Pixelmator iPad app at its press event , using it to remove an unwanted oryx from a desert scene . There are still many valid reasons for not using a tablet as a camera , but the upgraded iPad camera chips away at some of them . The increased range in sizes for mobile devices is also helping blur the lines between phones and tablets . "  There 's going to be less stigma because everyone 's toting around these bigger phones , " said Gupta . "  It 's going to become a little easier to justify pulling out the iPad . "	Some say it 's dorky to take photos with a tablet Apple adds features to improve iPad photography Bigger smartphones may ease stigma of tablet photography
West , Texas  CNN  -- Walls warped or blown off entirely , even ones made of brick . Roofs sunken in , if they are still visible at all . Garage doors lying in yards . And , at the center of it all , a crater nearly 100 feet wide and 10 feet deep . On Tuesday , the devastation from last week 's explosions at a West , Texas , fertilizer distributor became more eerily apparent as officials offered new details and opened more roads around the town 's hardest hit areas . While the blast 's lethal power was clear , many other questions remain . Town devastated by explosion is guided by the West way Why did a fire start in the facility , which had shut down to workers for the day ? How did that fire spark the massive explosion that tore through the northern part of town -- killing 14 people , including nine first responders , and injuring hundreds of others ? What , if anything , could have been done to prevent the tragedy ? So far , investigators have eliminated the possibility that natural causes started the fire , but they have n't gone beyond that . Brothers , friends lost in Texas explosion When not funneling in and out of the command center at West High School , federal , state and local officials spent Tuesday outside using shovels to methodically search for clues . Assistant State Fire Marshal Kelly Kistner said investigators were starting in the least-damaged areas , hoping to determine the heat source or material that ignited the fire . The West Fertilizer Company said its officials are focused on "  fact finding , " not lawsuits that may come after the blast . "  We continue to do everything we can to understand what happened to ensure nothing like this ever happens again in any community , " the company said . Residents of this tight-knit town of 2,800 , meanwhile , tried to get back to normal , though the explosion is never far from their minds . At the Pizza House on Oak Street , waitstaff and locals discussed the state of their homes while drinking their beers , trying to figure out how to deal with the fact their once quaint farming town now resembled a war zone . Several hundred residents gathered Tuesday night at a Knights of Columbus hall , some of them standing because the place was so packed , hoping to get answers from officials . They kept their tempers in check , though it was apparent many residents just want to go home . Some who live in damaged residences in areas that have been opened up to traffic have gotten that chance . On Tuesday -- two days before President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama head to Waco , about 18 miles south , for a memorial service at Baylor University -- some of them stood motionless on their front lawns , taking in the devastation . Others kept busy sifting through what remained or trying to fix what they could . The sounds -- of trailers full of debris rolling by , or the buzz of power tools -- were reminders that , for some , life was moving on . CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	NEW : The West Fertilizer Co. is focused on "  fact finding , " not on pending lawsuits NEW : Residents gather at a local hall hoping to get answers from officials Investigators say the fire that led to blast was n't sparked by natural causes They are hunting for clues , including using shovels to dig through debris
CNN  -- Let 's say that you 're the Federal Aviation Administration . Unlikely , granted . But , just for the purpose of this exercise , try to envision yourself as a government agency  . You 're about to make a decision that will affect millions of travelers . Your decision may please them or it may infuriate them . Most of them have no idea right now that you 're contemplating the decision , but as soon as you make it , all of them will become aware , and they will respond , likely in a visceral manner . You 're the FAA . What do you do ? What the real FAA is pondering concerns expanding the permitted use of tablets , personal communication devices and other electronic gadgets on commercial flights . Last month , The Hill reported , Federal Communications Commission Chairman Julius Genachowski wrote in a letter to FAA Acting Administrator Michael Huerta : "  I write to urge the FAA to enable greater use of tablets , e-readers , and other portable electronic devices during flight , consistent with public safety ... mobile devices are increasingly interwoven in our daily lives . They empower people to stay informed and connected with friends and family , and they enable both large and small businesses to be more productive and efficient , helping drive economic growth and boost U.S. competitiveness . " For many years , passengers have been told that some electronic devices , including cell phones , can interfere with aircraft navigation and communication signals . But as technology advances , ways around this are being developed . Many airlines already sell in-flight Wi-Fi connections for laptop computers and tablets , so the logical next step would be to allow airborne passengers to use their cell phones to connect to the world below . A few thoughts : In terms of written communication from passengers on the plane to people down below -- e-mail , text messages sent from cell phones , social network posts -- the more the better . Anything the digital traffic will bear . If you 've been on flights with Wi-Fi enabled , you may have noticed that the passengers using it seem to be contented , almost docile -- the tension level seems to have been lowered . Like it or not , we 've become hooked on being constantly connected , and passengers who are able to maintain that connection while six miles in the air appear to be traveling in a state of something close to silent , electronically-sated , tunnel-vision bliss . But there should be one exception to this : Technical and connectivity issues aside , the FAA and FCC should never extend their digital-era permission slip to voice calls on cell phones . The result of allowing phone calls in the air would produce the opposite of the tranquilizing effect of permitting other forms of electronic communication . The anger level of travelers who become incensed by the yammering in the next seat would rise to the level of a public safety concern . Passengers would be demanding to be moved , would ask flight attendants to referee disputes , would probably engage in fistfights . Allowing jousting matches or bullfights in airplane aisles would n't be much more disruptive than allowing voice calls on planes . But what about the idea of passengers voluntarily exercising restraint and courtesy in those close quarters , limiting the length and loudness of their calls out of respect for their fellow citizens ? All right , stop laughing and rolling around on the floor -- get up . This is the United States in the 21st century . We know that voluntary phone courtesy is not going to happen  . You may recall Airfone , the air-to-ground pay phone service that debuted on commercial flights in the 1980s . It required a credit card for each call , and was expensive -- $ 7.50 in '80s dollars for the first three minutes , when the service was introduced . It never become all that popular , and eventually it faded away . But that was before the advent of personal cell phones . Talking on the phone anywhere , at any time , is today seen not as an exotic and costly luxury but as an entitlement . The FAA is reportedly not considering voice-call permission on flights ; if and when that day comes , walking across the country may feel like a more palatable option than flying . There 's one decision the FAA is evaluating that probably says more about us than it does about in-flight safety : Those two brief stretches of time when all electronic devices must be turned off -- after the doors to the plane close until it is at cruising altitude , and then again on approach for landing -- are being questioned . If it can be determined that signals do not interfere with the pilots ' transmissions , should passengers now be allowed to use their electronic gadgets even in those few minutes ? Some contend that , in those crucial parts of a flight , passengers should not be distracted , and should be alert to instructions from the cabin crew . But reading a magazine or a book can lure a passenger 's attention from the crew , and those are not prohibited . So the question would seem to be : Has the addiction to the gadgets become so powerful that we are unwilling to disconnect and look away even for that paltry handful of minutes ? Has the agitation from withdrawal gotten to that level ? Because if it has , then this is an issue considerably more profound and far-reaching than anything having to do with the rules of travel . Regardless of what the FAA decides , there is one option for in-flight diversion that will still be available , something ancient kings and monarchs could only dream of : Looking out the window , high above the clouds . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : FAA looks at letting passengers use gadgets on takeoff , landing He says the more texting , e-mailing and surfing are allowed , the better Cell phone calls are the opposite , though : They raise anxiety Greene : Are we that unwilling to disconnect from our gadgets for a few minutes ?
London  CNN  -- Prince William and Kate Middleton will have a wedding reception hosted by the queen at Buckingham Palace , the royal family announced Wednesday . The palace also said the wedding service will begin at 11 a.m. on Friday , April 29 , the date previously announced for the nuptials at Westminster Abbey . The Dean of Westminster will conduct the service , and Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams will marry the couple , the palace said . The Bishop of London will give the address . After the wedding , the couple will go to Buckingham Palace for the reception , which will have guests "  drawn from the congregation representing the couple 's official and private lives , " the palace said . William 's father , Prince Charles , will give a private dinner that evening followed by dancing , all to be held at the palace for the couple and their close friends and family . Those hoping to catch a glimpse of the royal couple will have plenty of chances . The palace said Middleton will travel to the wedding on a route that includes famous and picturesque London attractions , including The Mall , Horse Guards Parade , Whitehall , and Parliament Square . Once married , the couple will return along the same processional route to Buckingham Palace . British Prime Minister David Cameron has already said the wedding day will be a national holiday , and the event is expected to draw visitors from all over the world . William and Middleton , both 28 , announced their engagement November 16 . They met each other when they were studying at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland and started dating in 2003 . The couple have already announced that after the wedding , they plan to live in north Wales , where William is serving as a search-and-rescue pilot for the Royal Air Force .	The queen will host the wedding reception at Buckingham Palace Prince Charles will host a dinner and dancing in the evening The palace also announced the processional route
New York  CNN  -- For the first time since the terror attack on the World Trade Center , the general public is being allowed back onto the site . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , members of the city council and some 9/11 victims ' family members welcomed the first visitors to the 9/11 memorial plaza that opened on schedule Monday . "  The opening fulfills a promise we made to the families on the 10-year anniversary and keep it open for them and the rest of the world forever to reflect on what happened and to honor the 9/11 victims and heroes , " said Bloomberg , who is also the 9/11 Memorial chairman . Families of victims were able to visit the memorial Sunday during ceremonies honoring those who were killed in the September 11 , 2001 , attacks that brought down the twin towers . "  We 're so proud of this memorial , " said Monica Iken , who lost her husband , Michael , in the attacks and was able to visit the memorial , along with other victims ' families Sunday . "  I can go see Michael . He 's home . " Monday 's visitors passed through metal detectors and surveillance cameras as they began making their way to the the two huge , square fountains that mark the footprints of the World Trade Center towers . The fountains ' water flows into granite reflecting pools at the center of the eight-acre , tree-lined plaza . Bronze plates surround the fountains and bear the names of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the 2001 attacks , as well as the six who were killed when a terrorist truck bomb exploded in the parking garage beneath the towers in 1993 . Some of the visitors were visibly emotional as they walked into the plaza Monday . Some rubbed their fingers across the etched names of those who died . One man took out a paper and stenciled over a name and carefully rolled up the paper to take with him . The names forming the perimeter where the North Tower stood are those who died in the building and the passengers on American Airlines Flight 11 , which was crashed into it , as well as the six dead from the 1993 bombing . The South Tower site includes the names of dead who were in that building and United Flight 175 , as well as the names of the first responders who were killed , the dead from the crash of American Airlines Flight 77 into the Pentagon , and the dead of United Flight 93 , which crashed in a field near Shanksville , Pennsylvania . Anthoula Kastimades was there to greet visitors and spoke about seeing her own brother 's name on the memorial . "  It was difficult ... obviously , if I could have it any other way his name would not be listed . " Kastimades brother , John , worked at Cantor Fitzgerald , on the 104th floor of the North Tower . His name is listed next to three or four people who worked at the same desk with him , day in and day out . By design , the placement of the names was given a lot of thought . Architect Michael Arad said the names are staggered , arranged not alphabetically but by something known as "  meaningful adjacency . " This way , Arad says , each name connects to another and "  beyond a physical place , there is a relationship between one name and another . " Input was shared by families of the victims so friends , family members , co-workers or people who commuted to work together were listed side by side . By doing so , more personal meaning was brought into the arrangement . Kastimades agrees . "  It gives me comfort that he 's listed with them in peace . " She is also at peace with the memorial . Serving on the 9/11 Memorial board she worked tirelessly to get it right , especially for some 1,100 families , like hers , who have still not received loved ones ' remains and consider the memorial to be sacred ground . "  I feel the souls of the victims here , " Kastimades said , "  and I feel like John is here . " The memorial has created an authentic place of loss ; Kastimades says that sets it apart from any other memorial . "  It 's a wonderful feeling to know that we are with these beautiful souls . " While the memorial is sacred to loved ones , it also is very important for the country , said Joe Daniels , president of the 9/11 Memorial . "  I look forward to people coming here from around the world and sharing in this experience , " he said . The memorial plaza will be open seven days a week , forever , Daniels said , though access will be restricted due to all the construction on other World Trade Center projects . Visitors must reserve a timed pass , which is free , through the memorial 's website . More than 400,000 people from all 50 states and more than 70 countries have received passes at www.911memorial.org since the timed reservation system launched in July . Daniel said watching construction proceed on WTC 1 , formerly known as the Freedom Tower , is part of the experience . "  The tallest building in the United States is being constructed right in front of them , " he said , pointing at the structure that eventually will rise to 1,776 feet . Besides marking what happened here , Daniels said , the site reflects the nation 's commercial response and strength of will . "  We can build bigger , build higher ; that 's the American way , and we 're doing it . " The memorial 's museum is still under construction and is expected to open September 11 , 2012 . CNN 's Steve Kastenbaum and Todd Leopold contributed to this report	General public returns to the World Trade Center to memorial plaza 7,000 visitors from 46 states , 30-plus countries are expected this week Time-reserved passes are available free on the memorial 's website
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's former military chief was behind bars Friday pending trial for his alleged role in a plot to overthrow the government . Gen. Ilker Basbug is the highest-ranking officer to be accused in a long-running tussle between the Islamic-backed government and Turkey 's secular establishment , defended by the military . Basbug was arrested and taken to Silivri prison after testifying for seven hours Thursday in an Istanbul court , Basbug 's lawyer Ilkay Sezer told reporters . He stands accused of involvement with the so-called Ergenekon network , a nationalist group that prosecutors say created dozens of websites disseminating propaganda aimed at bringing down the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . "  The 26th chief of general staff of the Turkish Republic is unfortunately arrested based on charges related to eliminating the government of Turkish Republic and establishing and leading a terrorist organization , " Sezer said . Basbug retired as commander of the Turkish armed forces in 2010 . He is the latest in a long line of military staff who stands accused of plotting against the government . A probe was launched in 2007 , after the discovery of a stash of grenades and bomb-making materials in Istanbul . It led to waves of arrests and several court cases involving both civilians and former and active-duty officers . More than 300 people have been arrested in connection with Ergenekon . Among them are 97 journalists , according to the Turkish Press Union . The government 's crackdown has polarized Turkish society , which has seen the military overthrow four governments in the past 50 years . Some view the government 's actions in curbing military power as important steps to democratization in Turkey , a candidate for European Union membership . But critics say the investigation is a political witch hunt . They accuse Erdogan , an observant Muslim , of silencing his opponents and emasculating the secular establishment , including the military . Last July , Turkey 's top four military officers resigned after a squabble with the government over the fate of officers jailed in the alleged plot against the Justice and Development Party . Friday , Turkish President Abdullah Gul told journalists that Basbug 's arrest did not prove guilt . "  No one can be declared guilty before a decision of the court , " Gul said . "  Everyone is equal in the court of law . This is a legal process . " CNN 's Yesim Comert and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Gen. Ilker Basbug is the highest-ranking officer to be accused The Islamic-backed government alleges a military plot Critics say the government wants to emasculate the military
CNN  -- A West Virginia lawman known for cracking down on drugs will be buried Sunday . Walter E. "  Eugene " Crum was gunned down while eating lunch in his squad car on Wednesday . His daughter said "  it 's a strong possibility " the Mingo County sheriff was killed for vigorously pursuing the illicit trade . Crum had taken office only three months prior to his killing but already had built a reputation for taking out dealers and shutting down "  pill mills . " "  My dad fought tirelessly against drug abuse . He just wanted to clean up the county and make it a better place to live , " Crum 's daughter , Julie Hall , told CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield on Saturday in her first television interview since her father was killed . "  Things are still under investigation at this time . We really are unsure , " Hall said . Loved far and wide A line of Mingo County residents who came to view Crum 's body stretched out into the parking lot of the local high school Saturday evening , CNN affiliate WSAZ reported . Deputies drove up with Crum 's widow , Rosie Crum , who is now sheriff , in the late afternoon . Fire and sheriff 's department vehicles blocked off streets . Officers from various divisions across the state and from South Carolina lined the entrance to the school . They stood in unison sequence , their hands clasped in front of them , their heads bowed and their eyes gazing at the ground . Suspect in custody Investigators have not publicly identified a possible motive in the case , but they have a suspect . Tennis Melvin Maynard , 37 , is being treated at an area hospital after one of Crum 's deputies wounded him , authorities said . ` Ambush ' killings of lawmen part of increase A witness saw the sheriff 's shooting and called 911 , giving police a license plate number and description of the car , the Mingo County sheriff 's office has said . According to investigators , when deputies spotted Maynard , he led them on a high-speed chase before crashing his SUV . When he got out of his damaged vehicle , he pulled a gun , they said . Authorities have questioned Maynard twice , including shortly after he was shot . They will not disclose what he said the first time , and they said he was too medicated to give a lucid statement the second time , Williamson Police Chief Dave Rockel said . Emotionally disturbed A search of Mingo County court records shows no criminal arrests or civil cases involving Maynard . His only citation involves failure to wear a seat belt , according to the records . Maynard 's mother , Olgie , said her son spent time in a state hospital for mental health issues in recent years . "  He went crazy , " she said , explaining that her son had n't been the same since he was involved in a workplace explosion five or six years ago in Alabama . "  He was out in the yard yelling . We called the police , and they took him away . " Since then , she said , Tennis had gotten more psychiatric help at another mental health center . At home in Ragland , where he lives with his parents , he mostly stayed in his bedroom and watched television . "  He talks a lot to himself , " she said . "  He was never violent . " The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives has traced the gun that authorities say was used in the shooting of Crum , according to West Virginia State Police . But police have refused to release the results of the trace at this time or say whether the gun was purchased by the suspect . Crum 's legacy Crum made a name for himself within West Virginia law enforcement circles for his Operation Zero Tolerance , the anti-drug enforcement policy that he put into place shortly after taking office in January . Crum 's wife , Rosie , was appointed Thursday to finish the remainder of her husband 's term , with an election set for 2014 . "  She was the one who knew him best and knew what he wanted to accomplish , " Hall said . Hall said she and her brother were concerned for their mother 's safety in the wake of the shooting but believe she is the best person to carry on their father 's legacy . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty , Ross Levitt and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	FIRST ON CNN : Julie Hall says her father fought tirelessly against drug abuse Mingo County Sheriff Walter " Eugene " Crum was killed Wednesday Line of residents pay their respects Crum 's widow was sworn in as sheriff
CNN  -- The global war on drugs has failed , a high-level commission comprised of former presidents , public intellectuals and other leaders studying drug policies concluded in a report released Thursday . International efforts to crack down on drug producers and consumers and to try to reduce demand have had "  devastating consequences for individuals and societies around the world , " the report from the Global Commission on Drug Policy said . The commission , which includes former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan , Virgin Group founder Richard Branson and Nobel laureate Mario Vargas Llosa , challenges the conventional wisdom about drug markets and drug use . Among the group 's recommendations : -- End of criminalization and stigmatization of people who use drugs but do not harm others -- Encourage governments to experiment with drug legalization , especially marijuana -- Offer more harm reduction measures , such as access to syringes -- Ditch "  just say no " and "  zero tolerance " policies for youth in favor of other educational efforts . The theory that increasing law enforcement action would lead to a shrinking drug market has not worked , the report says . To the contrary , illegal drug markets and the organized criminal organizations that traffic them have grown , the group found . The report comes as countries such as Mexico suffer from widespread drug-related violence . More than 40,000 people have been killed in Mexico in the past four years as rival cartels battle each other over lucrative smuggling corridors and as the army fights the cartels . The commission 's findings add more high-profile voices to a growing movement calling for a radical approach to drugs . Other leaders , such as former Mexican President Vicente Fox , have called for drug legalization as part of a solution to his country 's woes .	Group suggests legalization , access to syringes , new education programs Increasing law enforcement has not worked , group says More than 40,000 people have been killed in Mexico 's drug war in the past four years
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Chinese President Hu Jintao greeted U.S. President Barack Obama in China 's capital on Tuesday , with trade and the thorny issue of North Korea expected to be on their agenda . The U.S. delegation was met by an honor guard at the Great Hall of the People , and Obama shook hands with Hu and other top Chinese officials before the two leaders went behind closed doors . It is their fifth meeting in the past year , and they made no public statements beforehand but are to issue a joint statement after their talks . The United States imports billions of dollars in Chinese products each year , while China is a major purchaser of the U.S. Treasury bonds that finance America 's budget deficit . Facing a global economic recession , Washington and Beijing are in "  a mutual hostage situation , " former Bush administration China analyst Victor Cha said . "  China needs to purchase these Treasuries in order to maintain a strong dollar . Otherwise , the value of their foreign currency holdings goes down dramatically , " Cha told CNN . "  We need China in order to finance a lot of the deficit spending we 're doing now . It 's very much intertwined in a way that two countries in the history of international relations have not been intertwined . " China is also an important player in the diplomatic showdowns over nuclear programs in Iran and North Korea and holds one of five permanent seats on the U.N. Security Council . China is North Korea 's closest ally and has played a key role in the six-party talks aimed at convincing Pyongyang to dismantle its nuclear weapons program . A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Monday found 71 percent of Americans consider China an economic threat to the United States , with two-thirds considering it a source of unfair competition for U.S. companies . The survey also found 51 percent of the U.S. public consider China a military threat , with 47 percent disagreeing . That 4-point margin is within the poll 's 4.5 percent sampling error . But Obama told students at a town hall-style meeting in Shanghai that the two nations do n't have to be at odds with each other . "  Our relationship has not been without disagreement and difficulty , but the notion that we must be adversaries is not predestined , " Obama said . But he said there are certain core principles that all people must share -- including equal rights for everyone , a government that reflects the will of the people , open commerce , free access to information , and the rule of law . "  We do not seek to impose any system of government on any other nation , but we also do n't believe that the principles that we stand for are unique to our nation , " he told the gathering . The issue of human rights has often been a sticking point between Beijing and Washington . China regularly cracks down on its religious and ethnic minorities , keeps tight reins on the media and censors the Internet . Obama told the students that he is against censorship and is a believer in the free flow of information , calling it a "  source of strength " in a democracy , despite the sting that sometimes comes with it . He told the students he welcomes a strong China , saying there are very few global challenges -- specifically referring to climate change -- that ca n't be solved if the United States and China work together . The town hall meeting was shown locally on Shanghai 's Phoenix TV , but it was not broadcast nationally on any of China 's state-run networks . The Xinhua news agency posted a translated running transcript of the event on its Web site . The United States also streamed the forum live on WhiteHouse.gov . Chinese censors did not block the event to those with Internet access . The final stop of Obama 's trek is Seoul , where he will meet with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , and deliver a speech to U.S. troops at Osan Air Base . Obama is on an eight-day journey that is taking him to Japan , Singapore , China and South Korea . He 'll return to the United States on Friday . The president left for China from Singapore , where he attended the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit and Association of Southeast Asian Nations economic forum . He met on the sidelines with world leaders , including Russian President Dmitry Medvedev .	NEW : Obama to hold formal talks with Chinese President Hu Jintao in Beijing NEW : New U.S. poll shows split on whether Chinese pose military threat Obama tells students free flow of info a source of strength , despite sting United States imports billions of dollars in Chinese products each year
LIMA , Peru  CNN  -- A three-judge panel of the Peruvian Supreme Court found former President Alberto Fujimori guilty Tuesday on charges involving human rights violations , including murder and kidnapping , and sentenced him to 25 years in prison . Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori speaks before the court in Lima earlier this month . During the three-hour hearing that ended a 15-month trial , the 70-year-old former leader , wearing a dark suit and tie and sitting ramrod straight , wrote frequently in a notebook and occasionally sipped from a glass of water . He showed no emotion as the verdict was announced . Fujimori , whose parents were Japanese immigrants , had faced a possible 30 years in prison . Jose Miguel Vivanco , director of Human Rights Watch , expressed satisfaction with the sentence , calling it "  perfectly proportional to the grave deeds that are imputed to him . " "  This is an historic case , " he told CNN en Espaol about the democratically elected former president 's conviction on rights violations in his own country . The case is "  without precedent in the world , not just in Latin America , " he said . "  After years of evading justice , Fujimori is finally being held to account for some of his crimes , " said Maria McFarland , senior Americas researcher at Human Rights Watch , who was in the courtroom for the announcement . "  With this ruling , and its exemplary performance during the trial , the Peruvian court has shown the world that even former heads of state can not expect to get away with serious crimes . " Judge Cesar San Martin told the courtroom that Fujimori was responsible for the actions of the Colina unit , blamed for killing dozens of people as the government sought to halt the Shining Path rebel group . Fujimori said he would appeal . Outside the courtroom , Fujimori 's 33-year-old daughter , Keiko , herself running as a candidate in the 2011 presidential election , said the ruling was full of "  hate and vengeance . " "  We 're going into the streets to demonstrate our open support for the best president this country has ever had , to the president who saved Peru from terrorism , " she told reporters . But a group of relatives of the dead expressed satisfaction with the sentence . "  For the first time , they have respected the right of families to the truth and justice , " said one woman . "  For the first time , they dignify the memory of the families ... I hope that this history of impunity not be allowed to recur . " Also outside the courtroom , pro- and anti-Fujimori activists scuffled , but there were no reports of serious injuries . Javier Zuniga , a special adviser to the secretary general for Amnesty International , was in the courtroom as the verdict was read . "  We have been with the families celebrating , " he said several hours later . He praised the prosecutors , saying , "  They showed that what happened in the organization could not have happened if there had not been high-level planning , a state machinery to kill , organized by the president himself . " And he predicted that the case will be studied in law schools around the world . Fujimori , who is already serving a six-year sentence on separate charges involving abuse of power , led Peru from 1990 to 2000 , at the height of the country 's war with the radical Maoist Shining Path guerrillas and the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement . He was convicted of authorizing killings and kidnappings by paramilitary death squads in 1991 and 1992 during what is often referred to as Peru 's "  dirty war . " "  I had to govern from hell , not a palace , but from a hell that those who accuse me did not live like I had to live , " Fujimori recently told the court . "  I only expect that those who sentence me consider for a moment that hell and not pretend to civilize from a distance . " Fujimori 's pro-business policies were credited with helping steer the country away from financial disaster in the early 1990s , and he remains popular among many of his countrymen . Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this story from Lima , Peru .	NEW : Former Peruvian president sentenced to 25 years in prison Charges against Alberto Fujimori stem from 1990s ' "  dirty war " Fujimori already serving time on previous abuse of power conviction
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon has a new Twitter account name -- FelipeCalderon . Not terribly catchy but an improvement over his previous moniker -- presidente_FC . Calderon , who had solicited suggestions for his new account name , announced the choice Wednesday morning . "  It only involves a change in name since it will maintain its history , " Calderon 's announcement said . A look at his account Wednesday morning showed that he had more than 111,000 followers and that he follows 54 people , including a noted Mexican writer who died last week . Anyone interested in more tweets about the Mexican government also can follow two existing accounts -- PresidenciaMX , which highlights the president 's activities , and GobFed , which reports on the federal government 's activities . Calderon is not the only Latin American leader to have an account on Twitter , a social networking and blogging site . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez also tweets , under the name chavezcandanga . He had nearly 800,000 followers Wednesday morning and followed seven accounts , including one about the writings of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro . Chavez has acknowledged that the account is his and uses it to send messages to Venezuelans , particularly those who send him posts . There are at least two Twitter accounts for Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , though it could not be determined Wednesday whether either is official . Each account has more than 24,000 followers . There is a Felipe Calderon page on Facebook that has more than 600,000 users who "  like " it , the social network site 's designation for members who could be considered fans . The Facebook page is elaborate with a detailed biography , more than 500 photographs and eight videos , but there is no way to confirm that it is an official page sanctioned by the Mexican president . Both the Twitter account and the Facebook page contain messages to Calderon , some of them lauding his efforts while others are critical of his governance .	Felipe Calderon announced the new name Wednesday morning His new account name is FelipeCalderon ; it used to be presidente_FC He had solicited suggestions for the name
Rolling Stone  -- With 2012 halfway done , Adele 's 21 and Gotye 's "  Somebody That I Used to Know "  featuring Kimbra  are the biggest selling album and digital song of the year in the U.S. respectively , Billboard reports . "  21 " has continued its amazing run a year after its initial release , selling 3.69 million copies through the sales week that ended July 1 , the mid-year point for tracker Nielsen SoundScan . It was the best selling album halfway through last year as well , with 2.5 million copies sold . This is the first time in SoundScan 's 21-year history that the same record has been the top seller in the first halves of any two years . If "  21 " continues to fly off the shelves at this rate , it could be the first record in the SoundScan era to top the year-end charts twice . "  21 's " midway-point sales figures also mark another first in the SoundScan era -- it 's the first time just one album has sold over a millioncopies in the year 's first six months . The runner-up , Lionel Richie 's "  Tuskegee , " has moved 912,000 copies . To cap it all off , Adele 's 2008 record , "  19 , " finds itself as the tenth-highest selling record so far this year with 539,000 sold , making her the first artist to have two albums in the top 10 since Justin Bieber scored a pair halfway through 2010 with "  My World 2.0 " at No. 2 and "  My World " at No. 9 . As for Gotye 's ubiquitous "  Somebody That I Used to Know , " that track has a digital sales figure of 5.50 million for the year to date , according to SoundScan . Odds are looking good that the track will become the first to sell six million downloads in a year . "  Somebody " also marks the first time a song has sold over 5 million in the first half of a year , though Gotye 's smash was n't alone in that feat , joined by Fun . 's "  We Are Young "  featuring Janelle Monae  , which has sold 5.09 million . A quick rundown of the top selling albums this year finds breakout British boy band One Direction 's "  Up All Night " sitting at third with 889,000 copies sold . Whitney Houston 's Whitney : The Greatest Hits sold 818,000 to place it at No. 4 , while the compilation Now 41 takes the fifth spot with 714,000 . You can check out the full list of top selling albums here . On the singles side , following Gotye and Fun . is Carly Rae Jepsen 's "  Call Me Maybe " with 4,064,000 sold . At the Number 4 spot is Kelly Clarkson 's "  Stronger  What Does n't Kill You  " with 3,324,000 sold , while Nicki Minaj 's "  Starships " comes in at No. 5 with 3,158,000 . You can check out the full list of top selling digital songs here . See full story at RollingStone.com .	Midway through 2012 , Adele and Gotye are reigning on the charts "  21 " is the first time the same record has been the top seller in the first halves of any two years Gotye 's "  Somebody That I Used to Know , " has a digital sales figure of 5.50 million for the year
It has been a rough month or so for the Affordable Care Act and the Obama administration , which has been struggling to get its signature health insurance program off the ground . Obamacare , the effort to extend health coverage to every American , has already achieved some of its biggest goals : no more denials of coverage for pre-existing conditions , allowing parents to keep children on their policies up to age 26 , the eventual phase-out of the "  doughnut hole " for Medicare 's prescription drug coverage . But the big enchilada was the rollout of the online federal and state exchanges for Americans to shop for insurance coverage , and that has been plagued by delays since the October 1 launch . Obama also was forced to admit that his longstanding reassurance that people could keep their insurance plans if they liked them was n't holding up , as insurers began sending cancellation notices to an estimated several million people whose individual policies do n't meet Obamacare requirements for comprehensive coverage . So , here 's a quick look at some of the problems the Affordable Care Act has encountered and what is being done to address them : Issue : Enrollments Target : 7 million by March 31 Status : More than 106,000 people had signed up by Wednesday -- but nearly 80,000 of those joined through the exchanges set up by 14 states and the District of Columbia . The buggy federal website , which handles enrollments for 36 of the 50 states , produced fewer than 27,000 . Another 396,000 people were determined to be eligible for Medicaid or the Children 's Health Insurance Program , but it was n't clear how many had joined those state-administered programs . The reaction from Republicans , who unanimously opposed the legislation , was swift . House Speaker John Boehner called the results "  a symbol of the failure of the President 's health care law . It is a rolling calamity that must be scrapped . " White House spokesman Jay Carney conceded before the numbers came out that they would be lower than expected . But Jonathan Gruber , the economist who helped design the Massachusetts health care program used as the model for the Affordable Care Act , said the first month 's figures are "  meaningless . " "  The real deadline we have to focus on is March of next year , " Gruber , who also advised the Obama administration , told CNN 's The Lead . "  That 's when the individual mandate kicks in . That 's when people need to be signed up , and what we saw in Massachusetts was a large rush before the mandate kicked in . " The latest on Obamacare enrollment Issue : HealthCare.gov Target : A capacity of 50,000-60 ,000 users at any given time Status : Currently 20,000-25 ,000 , White House Chief Technology Officer Todd Park said Wednesday . Henry Chao , the chief information officer for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , said the site can process nearly 17,000 registrations per hour . "  We have much work still to do but are making progress at a growing rate , " Park told the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . The administration has said it aims to get the website working for a "  vast majority " of Americans looking to enroll by November 30 . "  The team is working really hard to hit that goal , " Park said Wednesday . But Rep. Blake Farenthold , R-Texas , expressed some skepticism about that target : "  As a former web developer , that was what I was telling clients when we were gon na miss a deadline . " Official : Hackers tried repeatedly to attack Obamacare website Issue : Retaining existing plans Target : In touting the Affordable Care Act , Obama repeatedly said , "  If you like your health insurance , you can keep it . " Status : No longer a selling point , as at least 1 million individual policy holders have been told their plans are being discontinued or changed at the end of the year . Congress is weighing different proposals to address the problem . Obama and other administration officials say those plans offered substandard coverage , leaving people at risk of bankruptcy if they were hospitalized or developed other major medical needs , and that the 80 % of Americans who are covered through their jobs or government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid wo n't see any changes . But they are now qualifying the pledge by saying that people who had individual plans dating back to before the 2010 passage of the Affordable Care Act can keep their plans as long as the policies had n't been changed by the insurance companies ; the ones that have been changed must now meet new minimum standards set in the law . There are multiple proposals on Capitol Hill to allow people to keep policies that are being canceled . But there 's little indication they would have any immediate effect , and industry experts say the two leading legislative plans leave many questions unanswered . Debunking 4 Obamacare myths : Both sides get it wrong	More than 106,000 people have signed up for Obamacare , mostly through states White House official says website running at about half designed capacity Congress weighs fixes to let people keep canceled plans
CNN  -- The enduring beauty of the U.S. Open has little to do with the golf course on which it is played in a given year . Although the course in Pebble Beach , California , where the final round of this year 's Open is scheduled to be played Sunday , is quite a looker . But the thing that sets the Open apart from other top-tier championship events in big-time sports is this : You can play your way into it . If you 're watching the Open on television this weekend , and you 're a good golfer with a handicap low enough to prove it , and you 're saying to yourself : "  Man , would I like to be out there competing in that thing ... " Well , if you 're an unknown who 's not a part of the sport 's elite , and you want to give it a try and you do well enough , you 'll be there . Dozens of golfers do it every year . It 's what makes the Open perhaps the sporting event whose rulebook best represents the American ideal . There are other tournaments that open their doors to non-marquee competitors ; the British Open holds qualifying rounds , and this year the U.S. Tennis Association has instituted a feature similar to the U.S. Golf Association 's qualifying system . But nothing can compare with the scope and the spirit of inclusiveness of the pathway that leads to golf 's U.S. Open . Every year , numerous spots in the Open are reserved for players who think they 're good enough to compete with the most famous names in the game . This year , local qualifying rounds were held on more than 100 golf courses . More than 9,000 golfers filled out entry forms . A big , guaranteed chunk of the spots in the Open was , as always , given to established stars who are exempt from having to qualify , having proven themselves in other prestigious golf events . But at those 100-plus local qualifying courses , and at sectional qualifying courses that were the next level , the thousands of dreamers were welcomed . They could n't just stroll in and tee off . They had to have demonstrated that they were serious and skilled golfers ; professionals  both playing pros and teaching pros  are eligible to compete in the qualifying rounds , and amateurs must meet a handicapping formula devised by the USGA . But once they stepped up to the first tee , the only thing between them and Pebble Beach was how well they played on those local and sectional courses . And once the best of them arrived at Pebble Beach , the playing field was absolutely level . According to USGA officials , half of the 156 competitors at the Open this year got there through the qualifying rounds . They were looking out at the same 18 holes as golf 's current legends were . The appeal of this is that , to get into the U.S. Open through the qualifying rounds , there are no admissions committees peering down their noses at you ; there is no one in an executive office telling you there 's no room for you to try . You do n't have to know anyone with influence in the high echelons of golf ; you do n't have to be recruited by anyone ; you do n't have to have an agent . You just have to have your game , and your belief in yourself . I 'm not a golfer ; never have been . But I think the reason I have always so admired the tradition of the U.S. Open 's qualifying rounds is that there was someone from my hometown who , at the age of 17 , played himself into the Open that way . Just four years earlier , when he was 13 , he 'd had polio . But he recovered , and he fought through it , and he willed himself to excel . I know that a lot of you probably have stories about tenacious golfers from your own towns who made it to the U.S. Open one year . But the 17-year-old from our town was pretty special . His name was Jack W. Nicklaus ; he did n't make the 36-hole cut at the Open that first year he qualified , but by three years later , in 1960 , at age 20 , he was paired in the final rounds with Ben Hogan . In 1962 he won the Open , the first of his 18 major championships . After qualifying in that first year , he would play in 44 consecutive U.S. Opens . For decades , on warm summer weekend afternoons , you could walk around his hometown and you would almost inevitably hear a sound coming from one screened-in porch or another . It was someone who lived in the house , calling out : "  Get up , Jack ! " Nicklaus would be somewhere in the country , somewhere in the world , playing in a tournament , and he had just struck his putt , and here , back home , as on TV the ball rolled toward the cup , the person in the house would be cheering for him , willing that ball toward the hole : "  Get up , Jack ! " He may be the best golfer who ever lived , but once he was a boy , an Ohio pharmacist 's son , dreaming of making it to the U.S. Open . He played his way in , as so many did before him , as so many have after . It 's the essential magic of the Open . And on Sunday , as the drama of the final round at Pebble Beach unfolds , somewhere in the United States someone will be sitting in front of a television set , thinking : I 'm good enough to be there . If he 's right , and he wants it badly enough to go after it , next June the U.S. Open is exactly where he 'll be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says the U.S. Open has a special quality among top sports events He says amateurs are able to qualify to play alongside the elite of golf Greene says a 17-year-old polio survivor from his hometown broke into the game at the Open Jack Nicklaus went on to have a legendary career , Greene says
CNN  -- A bareheaded motorcyclist participating in a ride to protest mandatory helmet laws was killed when he was thrown over the handlebars in Onondaga , New York . Philip A. Contos , 55 , of Parish , New York , was on a ride organized by the Onondaga chapter of American Bikers Aimed Towards Education  ABATE  , state police said Sunday . Contos hit his brakes , began fishtailing and lost control of his 1983 Harley Davidson . He shot over the handlebars , hit his head on the pavement and was taken to Upstate University Hospital in Syracuse , New York , where he was pronounced dead . State police say evidence at the scene plus information from the attending medical expert indicated Contos would have survived had he been wearing a helmet as required by state law . Asked about the apparent irony of Contos ' death , the statewide president of ABATE , Thomas Alton , said , "  We are riding at an increased risk and accept that . ... This individual was a seasoned rider , not a newbie . He made an adult decision . A full decision to ride in the manner he rode in . " Another New Yorker who has been a motorcyclist for over 50 years , Joseph Costantini , said , "  I would never ride without a helmet -- even in a state that says you do n't have to . I understand where the protesters are coming from because ultimately it 's a matter of choice . For me , I would wear a helmet no matter what . ... Must feel great to ride without a helmet because sometimes it 's uncomfortable . ... I 'm sure his family is n't going to be happy . " Motorcycle helmet use dropped from 67 % in 2009 to 54 % in 2010 , according to a press release issued by the Governors Highway Safety Association . "  This is another sad and tragic example where we have lost someone due to the lack of wearing a helmet , " said Jonathan Adkins , communications director for the association . According to Alton , a large percentage of motorcycle fatalities are due to inexperience and drivers not seeing motorcyclists when switching lanes or making turns . ABATE of NY Inc. is organizing a memorial "  to honor an individual who rode for freedom and risked his all for freedom , " he said . A formal date is still to be determined . Annual motorcycle deaths have more than doubled since the late 1990s with 5,290 in 2008 , based on a report issued by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .	We accept "  an increased risk , " state head of motorcycle association says "  I would never ride without a helmet , " another New York motorcyclist says Motorcycle helmet use dropped from 67 % in 2009 to 54 % in 2010 5,290 motorcycle fatalities were reported in 2008
Hong Kong  CNN  -- As Western companies hear the siren call of the Chinese consumer , they better heed the cautionary tale of Barbie . Mattel Inc. spent millions opening a six-story flagship store in Shanghai to great fanfare to bring the doll franchise to China in 2009 . Two years later , it closed its doors . "  Barbie spent a lot of money setting up a boutique in the most fashionable part of Shanghai , where you could go and have all of your Barbie needs met . You could have a fashion consultation , you could of course buy lots of Barbie dolls , " said Karl Gerth , author of "  As China Goes , So Goes the World : How Chinese Consumers Are Transforming Everything . " However , "  they did n't think long and hard enough about whether Chinese girls wanted to look sexy or they wanted to look something closer to what you 'd associate with Japan -- cute , " Gerth added . "  So Hello Kitty is doing well , but Barbie is an example of crash and burn . " It 's a lesson in localization rather than grafting tried-and-true Western business plans to the Chinese market , "  On China " experts told CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout . As China 's ranks of consumers swell -- the number of middle class earners is estimated to grow 70 % to 600 million by 2020 -- so too rises the stakes for companies looking to cash into China 's growing consumer market . "  It 's very important for the Western brands to not simply take an existing strategy or operations and try to take it into Chinese market , " said Janet Wang , director of international business development for Tmall.com . "  You always have to be very flexible , be reactive to consumers ' requirements and demands . " One company that 's done it right , Wang said , is Starbucks . "  They really localize their products to fit Chinese consumers ' taste -- and not only the coffee itself ... they have pastry dedicated to Chinese flavors ,  such as  dedicated products for the Moon Festival , " said Wang , referring to traditional cuisine during China 's Mid-Autumn Festival . "  They are trying to adapt their coffee into a traditional Chinese tea house . And it really blends the West meets East culture . " One area where Western brands have some headway against their domestic Chinese competitors is product safety , in the wake of scandals over tainted baby formula , fake eggs and exploding watermelons . Shaun Rein said his company , China Market Research Group , interviewed 5,000 Chinese consumers in 15 cities last year . "  Their biggest concern in life , ahead of being able to pay education for their kids , or for medical care cost for their families , was food and product safety , " Rein said . "  They 're absolutely petrified of biting something and dying , or getting toxic shock syndrome from a toy . So what we 've found is in these 5,000 consumers they trust foreign brands far more than they trust local domestic Chinese brands , " Rein said . A dichotomy is growing in Chinese consumer trends between shopping for status and shopping for value . "  What that means is , people do n't buy mid-level brands , which is why you see  brands ?  like Marks & Spencer , or Li-Ning , or Gap kind of struggle , because these are branded for middle-class consumers , " Rein said . "  What we see is people either shop for the most expensive things they can get , like a Louis Vuitton or Hermes bag , or they go for the cheapest . " Still , there is a growing individualism in consumer tastes -- and a widening gap for new players to enter the market , the experts said . "  So for brand managers , now is the best time to come to China , " Rein advised . "  Because people are no longer being monopolized by the same five brands . You know , you do n't have to have a Omega  watch  any more -- now maybe you can buy something from Richemont . " CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout contributed to this report	As China 's ranks of consumers swell so too rises the stakes for companies looking to cash in Analysts : Toymaker Mattel failed to cater to Chinese tastes for cute over sexy Companies often try to graft successful overseas strategies onto the Chinese market Starbucks has succeeded in catering to Chinese tastes to grow its business
The skies above China are set to become a lot more crowded as wealth and air travel in the country take-off . China is going to need around 5,000 more commercial jets over the next 20 years to fulfill the needs of the country 's burgeoning jet set , according to Randy Tinseth , vice-president of marketing for Boeing Commercial . In 2010 , Chinese airlines welcomed aboard 267 million passengers  in 1980 it was just 3.4 million  , a number second only to the U.S.  over 500 million  . That represented a 15 % increase compared to 2009 as the country 's airline market steadily heads towards the stratosphere . Airbus and Boeing want to maintain their share of the booming market , but a much talked-about mission to create China 's own civil aircraft business is aiming to challenge their dominance in a few years time . The vanguard of the Chinese project is the C919 . It 's a single-aisle , 168-seat plane to rival Boeing 's 737 and Airbus ' A320 , the small-sized jets that account for around 65 % of global airline sales . Developed by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China  Comac  , the company hopes it will propel it to a place in the sun among the industry heavyweights . It wo n't be the first plane developed by Comac that has been in partnership with Canadian firm Bombardier on smaller airliners , but it will have more indigenous design and manufacture features that previous aircraft . Honeywell and GE are among the companies that will supply some of the aircraft 's avionics , but having international component makers is something that has been a common part of the aviation industry for many years , says Sivi Govindasamy , Asia Managing Editor of Flightglobal Group . "  It 's geared towards bringing pride to China by competing in a very visible market segment . Its so they can say , ` We can do this , and do this darned well . ' " Just how well is unknown , as the C919 only exists in model form at present . From its current advanced design stage , a test plane is scheduled to be flying in 2014 , with 2016 targeted for the first delivery . A spokesperson for Comac says that it has so far secured orders for 215 planes and will announce new deals at the Singapore Airshow later this month . Those in the aviation world are already taking note , but ultimately its success will come down to the bottom-line , suggest Govindasamy , and how much it will cost to buy and operate . "  When an airline buys an aircraft it really has to look at its economics because profit margins are so thin . Anything that helps them save money , they 'll do it , " says Govindasamy . "  How much money  the C919  will be able to save airlines is still not clear , especially as both Boeing and Airbus have come up with re-engineered variants of the 737 and A320 . " China 's three state-owned giants , Air China , China Southern and China Eastern will be the principle recipients of the planes currently on Comac 's book . Read how China 's low-cost carriers are taking off Last year low-coats carrier Ryanair was the one western airline to indicate it was considering purchasing the C919 , but Govindasamy believes that most international airlines will be playing a wait-and-see game . "  If you look at any aircraft program around the world , the very first aircraft of a family generally does n't tend to be the best , " says Govindasamy . "  You would have to come up with a second variant that would improve the first substantially . Only once the aircraft is out there and performing can those improvements be made . So a lot of people are looking at what they might do afterwards . That 's a good ten to 15 years away . "	Comac C919 plane set to rival Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 State-owned company says first plane ready by 2016 Company says it has 215 orders , mainly from Chinese carriers Its success will come down to how economical it is , suggests analyst
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Federal authorities said Tuesday that health care providers could consider simply watching for flu symptoms in some individuals rather than prescribing preventive antiviral drugs right away if a person has been exposed to the flu . CDC : The fact that the virus has mutated little in recent months is a reason for optimism . "  In the new guidance , we add an option , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Instead of preventive use of antivirals , providers might want to consider watchful waiting . " Under watchful waiting , a clinician would wait to see whether someone who came into contact with an infected person went on to develop flu symptoms -- like fever or respiratory problems -- before prescribing the drugs , she said . But the list of people with flu symptoms who should be given antivirals remains unchanged from the disease agency 's recommendations in May , she said . It includes people with chronic conditions , the very young , the very old and pregnant women . "  Timing is important , " she said . "  Beginning treatment within 48 hours of symptoms can really help with the outcomes . People can do better with the illness . " One way to speed access to the drugs would be for a doctor to write his or her high-risk patients prescriptions , which they would fill only after they had developed symptoms and discussed those symptoms with their doctors , Schuchat said . How much do you know about H1N1 ? Take our quiz " That would save patients the time needed to see their doctor and would ease the load of sick people descending on their physicians ' offices , she said . But anyone with difficulty breathing , and particularly young children under age 5 who have bluish skin , difficulty eating , vomiting "  that just does n't stop " or a difficult time waking up should consult their physician , she said . Already , some Southeastern states -- particularly Georgia , Alabama , Mississippi and Florida -- have been hit hard by the swine flu virus , also known as 2009 H1N1 influenza , perhaps because schools opened earlier there , she said . Watch Schuchat talk about the upcoming flu season " On Friday , 24 elementary and secondary schools dismissed about 25,000 students because of the flu , Schuchat said . "  It 's causing increased disease , and it 's time to pay attention , " she said . "  We wish we could predict exactly what is going to happen , but unfortunately we can not . " Still , there are reasons for optimism , including the fact that the virus has changed little in recent months , suggesting that a vaccine under development will prove effective , she said . All patients hospitalized with flu should get the antivirals , she said , even before the strain they have is confirmed by a laboratory test . But most people will not need antiviral medications , she said . "  In fact , if all those people take antiviral medications , things may actually get worse , " she cautioned , citing the risk that H1N1 might mutate to forms resistant to the antivirals . Except for hospitalized patients , others with flu-like symptoms are not being tested to confirm they have swine flu , since "  virtually all of the influenza that 's circulating right now in the United States is the 2009 H1N1 strain , " Schuchat said . Dr. Tom Jefferson , who reviewed the efficacy of the antivirals , said he was unimpressed . He noted that Tamiflu , the most commonly used antiviral , can have serious side effects that the CDC did not cite . Its benefits -- shortening the duration of illness by one to two days and reducing viral excretion from the nose -- are modest , he said . "  The evidence that they do anything else is controversial and there is a possibility of harms , which has n't been taken seriously , " said Jefferson , a medical epidemiologist with the Cochrane Collaboration , an international , independent network of volunteers who prepare systematic reviews of evidence . The CDC 's own Web site cites nausea without vomiting by 10 percent and vomiting by 9 percent of adults taking Tamiflu . It also said "  transient neuropsychiatric events " such as self-injury or delirium have been reported among people taking the drug and that the Food and Drug Administration "  advises that persons receiving oseltamivir -LSB- Tamiflu -RSB- be monitored closely for abnormal behavior . " Jefferson , in a telephone interview from his home in Rome , Italy , said the FDA database reported harms , "  from trivial all the way down to death , " that have been linked to Tamiflu . Citing the development of drug resistance as "  a mathematical certainty , " he urged the drugs be given sparingly . The CDC 's Schuchat told reporters that , in order to prevent shortages and avoid resistance , health officials are not recommending prophylactic use of Tamiflu . She said most of the handful of people in whom resistance to the antiviral was found had taken it before they got sick .	Feds tweak recommendations for who should get antiviral therapy for H1N1 flu Instead of preventive use of antivirals , providers may consider watchful waiting Certain high-risk people with symptoms should still be given antivirals CDC : Virtually all influenza that 's circulating right in U.S. is 2009 H1N1 strain
CNN  Two more bodies were retrieved Thursday from the ruins of a burned Maryland mansion , where six people are thought to have died . Relatives of the family released the names of the four youngest victims , authorities said . The bodies were transported to the medical examiner 's officer for autopsies and identification , Anne Arundel County Fire Department Capt. Russ Davies said in the statement . "  There are still two occupants unaccounted for , " he said . "  This remains a complex scene and much work remains to be done . " Two bodies were found Wednesday in the ruins of the Annapolis mansion , which burned three days ago , fire officials said . Technology executive Don Pyle , his wife , Sandra , and four grandchildren are feared dead in the fire . Officials said the two bodies have not been identified . Relatives identified the grandchildren as Alexis  Lexi  Boone , 8 ; Kaitlyn  Katie  Boone , 7 ; Charlotte Boone , 8 ; and Wesley  Wes  Boone , 6 . They are the children of Sandra Pyle 's sons , Randy and Clint Boone , according to the statement . The children were visiting their grandparents for a sleepover because Monday was a school holiday , a family spokeswoman said . "  On behalf of the Boone and Pyle families , we wish to express our gratitude and appreciation for the love and support being shared with us during this tragic event , " the family 's statement said . "  We are blessed that so many family , friends and neighbors have come together for us in our time of need . " The statement confirmed the identities of the six people firefighters and others have been searching for in the ruins of the waterfront home . "  Our love for our family is boundless , " the statement said . "  Our loss demands time and quiet reflection to process these feelings . We ask that you respect our need for privacy . Life is fragile . Make time today to embrace your loved ones . " For the first time since the fire broke out , local and federal officials were able to secure the structure and access the foundation of the 16,000-square-foot house on Wednesday . Cadaver dogs led them to the bodies , officials said . Officials would not discuss where the bodies were or the possible cause of death . Authorities are treating the house as a crime scene . Officials said it is standard procedure for a case such as this and no evidence has been found to indicate suspicious activity . The house belonged to Pyle , chief operating officer for ScienceLogic , company spokesman Antonio Piraino said . The sheer size of the structure and the fact that three-fourths of the building had collapsed into the basement , with deep piles of debris still smoldering , compounded the search , Anne Arundel County Fire Capt. Robert Howarth said Tuesday . He is leading the investigation along with a team from the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . "  You 're looking at five standard houses put together , " he said Tuesday . "  This is more of a commercial fire than it is a residential fire . There are a lot of businesses that are n't 16,000 square feet . That adds to it . " Pyle had not been heard from on Monday , and his colleagues at ScienceLogic were "  hoping for a miracle , " CNN affiliate WJLA-TV in Washington reported . Heavy equipment was brought in to aid in the search for victims and clues , a process that could take days . "  We have some very unique challenges with this house , " Howarth said . "  The construction of the house contained a lot of very heavy materials . We 're looking at some steel beams that weigh in the area of 7 tons . " When the first firefighters arrived on the scene early Monday , they received conflicting reports about whether the family may have been out of town . But after interviews with relatives , it was determined that six members of the family were missing , fire officials said . Fire officials said they were alerted to the fire about 3:30 a.m. Monday . About 80 firefighters responded . The ATF national response team responded because the fire was deemed suspicious , Howarth said . The fire department said crews had difficulty putting out the fire because the house is secluded , apparently with no fire hydrants on the scene . Photos the fire department posted on Twitter showed hoses stretched for long distances . Davies said it took hours for fire department tanker trucks and a fire boat on an adjacent creek to bring the fire under control . Pyle 's company biography described him as an industry veteran who has held multiple CEO positions , with more than 25 years ' experience in information technology infrastructure software and hardware management . Pyle told The Washington Post last year that after holding positions in a family business , he decided to look for an "  industry that was in its infancy and something that would have growth potential . " He started in a sales position in a firm that connected computers over transmission lines , and later sold both hardware and software components for the Internet . Pyle told the newspaper he eventually moved from sales to sales management to general management positions . In 1992 , the company went public and was sold to Cisco Systems five years later for $ 4.2 billion , according to the Post . CNN 's Wes Bruer , Shimon Prokupecz and Lindy Royce contributed to this report .	Two additional bodies are retrieved from the burned mansion , fire official says Relatives identify four children believed to have perished in fire Technology executive Don Pyle owned the house
The debate over a link between autism and vaccines continues . A study published earlier this month concluded African-American boys are more at risk for autism if they 're given the measles , mumps and rubella vaccine before the age of 2 . The study author says researchers at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention knew about the link in 2004 -- and covered it up . CDC researchers are standing by their original findings : that there is no link between autism and vaccination schedules . The new study was funded by the Focus Autism Foundation , which says it is dedicated to exposing the causes of autism , "  focusing on the role of vaccinations . " The study has since been removed from the public domain pending further investigation , according to Translational Neurodegeneration . In an online statement , the scientific journal said the paper had been removed "  because of serious concerns about the validity of its conclusions . " CNN first became aware of the study when an iReport was posted about its publication and the controversy surrounding it . iReport is CNN 's user-generated news community . Brian Hooker , author of the study and a biochemical engineer , found African-American boys who were given the MMR vaccine before age 24 months were more likely to be diagnosed with autism . To reach this conclusion , Hooker said he analyzed the same set of data that was the basis for a 2004 study done by researchers at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In 2004 , scientists at the CDC 's National Immunization Program published their study in the journal Pediatrics . Researchers compared 624 children with autism , age 3 to 10 , with 1,824 developmentally healthy children . Most of the children , according to the study , were vaccinated between 12 and 17 months of age in accordance with vaccination recommendations . The CDC study authors found no link between the age children were given their first MMR vaccination and autism diagnoses . Nor did they find a statistically significant increased risk for a particular racial group . The CDC 's raw data was made available for other scientists to use when its study was published in 2004 . Hooker said he began his research after he was contacted by one of the original study authors , William Thompson , in November 2013 . Thompson is a senior scientist with the CDC , where he has worked since 1998 . Hooker said he believes the increased risk for African-American boys he found was not identified in the CDC study because the researchers , including Thompson , deliberately limited the number of participants they included in their analysis , which he said altered the results . Hooker said that by excluding children without birth certificates , the CDC study results were skewed . "  I regret that my co-authors and I omitted statistically significant information in our 2004 article , " Thompson said in a statement sent to CNN by his lawyer . "  I have had many discussions with Dr. Brian Hooker over the last 10 months regarding studies the CDC has carried out regarding vaccines and neurodevelopmental outcomes , including autism spectrum disorders . I share his belief that CDC decision-making and analyses should be transparent . " However , Thompson went on to say that Hooker had recorded these conversations without his consent , and had posted them online without his knowledge . In a statement to CNN on Monday , the CDC said its study presented results for two sets of children : all children initially recruited for the study , and a subset of children for whom a Georgia birth certificate was available . "  Access to the information on the birth certificates allowed researchers to assess more complete information on race , as well as other important characteristics , " the CDC statement said . Dr. Frank DeStefano , lead author of the 2004 study , said he and his colleagues stand by their findings . DeStefano said all the study authors , including Thompson , agreed on the analysis and interpretation before the study was submitted for publication 10 years ago . However , he said he plans to review his notes and will decide whether to run another analysis on the data . The new study by Hooker has been publicized by groups like Focus Autism , which say vaccines have contributed to the "  current autism epidemic and rise of chronic illness in children . " Hooker is a scientific adviser for the Focus Autism Foundation . He also has a 16-year-old son with developmental delays who he said is "  vaccine injured . " Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist at Rainbow Babies and Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , said the design of Hooker 's study is questionable , and that his analysis is "  not fine-tuned enough to give you meaningful information . " "  If you analyze data enough times and enough ways , you 're bound to find something that is statistically significant , " said Witznitzer , after looking at both studies . "  This does not mean that the result is a true positive  vs. a false positive  or meaningful . " The debate over whether autism spectrum disorders are caused by vaccines started when researcher Andrew Wakefield published a now-retracted study in The Lancet in 1998 that linked the MMR vaccine to autism . Most of Wakefield 's co-authors withdrew their names from the study when they learned Wakefield had been compensated by a law firm intending to sue manufacturers of the vaccine in question . In 2010 , Wakefield lost his medical license . And in 2011 , The Lancet retracted the study after an investigation found Wakefield altered or misrepresented information on the 12 children who were the basis for the conclusion of his study . Other researchers have not been able to replicate Wakefield 's findings . In fact , several subsequent studies trying to reproduce the results have found no link between vaccines and autism , including several reviews by the Institute of Medicine . Most recently , a study published in Pediatrics on July 1 concluded that vaccines do not cause autism spectrum disorders . An editorial published with the Pediatrics study added that the debate should be put to rest . This review was done by the RAND Corporation at the request of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality , and claims to be the most comprehensive review on the safety of vaccines . "  I want to be absolutely clear that I believe vaccines have saved and continue to save countless lives , " Thompson said in his statement . "  I would never suggest that any parent avoid vaccinating children of any race . " While the cause of autism is not known , several studies indicate it starts in utero , long before a child is given the MMR or any other vaccinations . As such , DeStefano and other experts in the field have said it is biologically implausible for vaccines to cause autism . "  We know the brain and cellular features for children begin when the child is still in the womb . The brain is already developing the wiring that will manifest in autism , " DeStefano said . Hooker said his results raise more questions than answers and pointed to the need for additional studies . The advocacy group Autism Speaks , which declined to comment on Hooker 's study , referred CNN to its "  Vaccine and Autism " statement , which says : "  We strongly encourage parents to have their children vaccinated for protection against serious disease . We recognize that some parents still have concerns about vaccines , particularly if they have a child or relative with autism . We urge them to find a health practitioner who will consider their concerns and help them ensure the well-being of their child . "	Journal removes study published on alleged link between vaccines and autism Paper taken down "  because of serious concerns about validity of its conclusions " Study author says he re-analyzed data used in 2004 CDC study
