BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- An Iraqi soldier fatally shot two American soldiers and wounded three others on Saturday , the U.S. military said . A man lies in a hospital after a roadside bombing near Kirkurk on Saturday . Three Iraqis were killed . The shooter was killed when U.S. soldiers returned fire , Maj. Derrick Cheng told CNN . The incident took place at a combat outpost just south of the northern Iraqi city of Mosul , where there has been a strong presence of anti-U.S. militants , and it underscored the dangers for U.S. troops and Iraqi security forces in that city . A second gunman also fired on other U.S. soldiers at the outpost and fled , said Cheng , a spokesman for the U.S.-led Multi National Division-North . Iraq 's Interior Ministry said the gunman was a soldier in training who was standing close to U.S. soldiers when he aimed his firearm at them and began shooting . There have been similar incidents of men in Iraqi security force uniforms in the Mosul area opening fire on U.S. troops . In February , insurgents dressed as Iraqi police officers killed a U.S. soldier and an interpreter in the city . Asked whether there seems to be a rise in such attacks , Cheng replied , "  We still view these as isolated incidents either by individuals posing as Iraqi Security Forces or members acting out on their own . " "  These events do not represent the overall relationship or partnership U.S. forces have with our Iraqi counterparts . " Overall , violence and attacks are down in Iraq , but despite improvements in the big picture , the U.S. military is concerned with hot spots such as Mosul . Maj. Gen. David Perkins , MNF-Iraq spokesman , told reporters on Friday that the city remains a danger . He said the U.S. military is studying whether American combat troops scheduled to withdraw from urban centers in Iraq by June 30 should actually remain in the diverse metropolis -- populated by Sunni Arabs , Kurds , Christians and others . Perkins said al Qaeda in Iraq  AQI  militants "  are transitioning and becoming more and more concentrated ... mainly in Mosul and in Baghdad . " "  What we have always said with regards to al Qaeda is that strategically for AQI to win they have to win Baghdad and for them to survive they have to hold on to Mosul and you can see that by how they are conducting their attacks . " In the last couple of weeks , he said , militants have focused their activity on Baghdad , and attacks in Mosul have dropped somewhat . "  But there is still a lot activity . This is probably the main area we are looking at that could possibly result in U.S. forces being there , " he said of Mosul . "  Probably more so than any other place . " "  Of all the places in Iraq , it is the area that you would most likely possibly see a very similar U.S. presence to what you see now . But only if Iraqis want that . " U.S. troop fatalities in Iraq last month reached 18 , the highest of the year . However , the number of monthly Iraqi troop deaths have plummeted since earlier in the war . Also on Saturday , Iranian forces targeting Kurdish rebels shelled a village in Iraq , an official from Iraq 's Kurdish region said . Forces used helicopters to attack the village and shelled it with artillery . The village is just over the Iranian border in Iraq 's Sulaimaniya province -- a Kurdish region . No casualties were reported . Iran and Turkey long have targeted Kurdish separatist rebels operating in northern Iraq . Meanwhile in Kirkuk , in northern Iraq , three civilians were killed and three others were wounded when a roadside bomb struck their vehicle on Saturday , police said . It is not known who the bomb might have been targeting , but the incident reflects the hostilities in the oil-rich and ethnically diverse city .	NEW : U.S. military : Gunman who killed 2 U.S. troops , wounded 3 was Iraqi soldier Iraqi officials say shooter was soldier-in-training who opened fire at a training facility Shootings underscore the dangers for U.S. troops and Iraqi security forces in Mosul Iranian forces attacked Kurdish village in Iraq ; 3 civilians killed in Kirkuk
London  CNN  -- A British businessman who is accused of having his wife killed during their honeymoon in South Africa will be allowed to leave jail on bail , a judge decided Friday . Shrien Dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife during a taxi ride in Cape Town , South Africa in November . British Judge Duncan Ousely rejected concerns from the South African government that Dewani would use his funds and international connections to flee before an extradition hearing . Ben Watson , a lawyer for the South African government , cited hotel surveillance video that he said showed Dewani twice meeting with a cab driver as the sort of evidence indicating Dewani 's involvement in a plot against his wife . But Ousely ruled that Dewani , who did not attend the hearing , had a genuine interest in clearing his name and said he has cooperated with investigators from both England and South Africa . Dewali 's solicitor , Andrew Katzen , said he was "  delighted " with the outcome but declined further comment following the court hearing . Dewani , who is jailed in London 's Wandsworth Prison , will be allowed to stay at his parents ' home . He will be required to report to a police station in Bristol every morning . A court hearing has been temporarily scheduled for Jan. 20 , but it is unclear when South Africa will submit a formal extradition request . Dewani 's lawyers say he is innocent and will fight extradition . Dewani 's wife , Anni Dewani , died in an apparent carjacking as the couple took a taxi ride in a crime-ridden neighborhood of Cape Town . Dewani was allowed to leave South Africa , but this week prosecutors there accused him of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife . "  The alleged hijacking was in fact not a hijacking , but part of a plan of subterfuge which Shrien Dewani , the husband of the deceased and the accused , had designed to conceal the true facts ... that the deceased was murdered at the instance of the husband , " South African prosecutors wrote in court documents . In the documents , prosecutors detail meetings that Dewani had with the taxicab driver where where he allegedly paid the driver 15,000 South African rand  $ 2,170  to have a crew of hitmen kill his wife and make it look like a carjacking . The court documents do not say why Dewani allegedly wanted his wife dead . The driver , Zola Tongo , was sentenced to 18 years in prison in South Africa after admitting to taking part in the killing . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report	Businessman accused of arranging fatal hit on his wife in South Africa is granted bail The couple 's cab driver told authorities of the alleged murder plot South African authorities want Dewani extradited
Singapore ranks as Asia 's most innovative city in Asia-Pacific , according to a new survey by Solidiance , a strategy consulting firm based in the Southeast Asian city-state . Singapore ranks number one for innovation in the Asia-Pacific because "  it has made dramatic and perpetual improvements for the past 25 years , " said Solidiance , transforming itself from a trading port to high-tech and financial hub . After Singapore , the top five cities are Sydney , Melbourne , Hong Kong and Auckland . The report examines six links between what a city has to offer and the amount of talent that relocates to that city : the availability of a skilled talent base ; a strong higher education system ; the livability of a city and environmental sustainability ; technological advancement and government regulations that support financial freedom and global integration . With Singapore , the city has pushed an ` open door policy ' welcoming professional talent from around the world . In 2000 , 8 % of the country 's 4 million residents were foreigners . In 2012 , the foreign population made up 14 % of the city 's 5.3 million people . Strong government regulations have provided for a structured and stable environment with which to conduct business , the report said . The World Bank ranked Singapore as the best place to do business in the world for 2013 , unchanged from 2012 . But to keep its top spot as best Asian city for innovation , Singapore needs to stay open to new ideas , new cultures , and new entrants , adds Solidiance . "  Singapore has no other choice ; it must adapt , stay opened and lead change if it is to remain relevant in the 21st century , " says Damien Duhamel , Managing Partner Asia of Solidiance . Sydney scored highest in the categories of global integration , having a skilled talent base and for its technological advancement . Sydney has been able to attract a wide range of professionals from industrialists to artists and information technology experts , the survey found . Melbourne ranks as the third most innovative city in the Asia-Pacific because of its superiority in the human talent category . Half of the city 's population comes from immigrant backgrounds , Solidance notes , and the city supports a "  good level " of diversity acceptance . Hong Kong ranks fourth thanks to its technological and regulatory leadership . Solidiance points to the city 's tech cluster of Cyberport , envisioned in 1999 and built to help develop Hong Kong 's IT industry . However , as reported in local Hong Kong media , critics complain Cyberport has been a failure with office occupancy never reaching full capacity . Hong Kong is also known as one of Asia 's most prominent financial hubs thanks to its regulatory framework and lack of corruption . In 2012 , the city ranked at number 14 in Transparency International 's Corruption Perceptions Index . Hong Kong also has the lowest tax rates in Asia -- 16.5 % for corporations -- which attracts business to move and stay in the city . Auckland took the number five spot largely on its ability to attract skilled talent -- and its tolerance for diversity , the report said . The ease of doing business also expatriate to settle in the city . In the category of livability , however , bad infrastructure for public transport is one of the Auckland 's largest detractions .	Singapore is Asia-Pacific 's most innovative city , says marketing firm Solidiance in a new report City innovation report looks at six main categories including talent base , education , livability Singapore 's foreign talent population jumped from 8 % in 2000 to 14 % in 2012 World Bank ranked Singapore as best place to do business for 2013
CNN  -- The first time I spoke to Norma Bastidas , she was having a rough couple of days . Thirty miles into her attempt to set the record for the world 's longest triathlon , Bastidas , 47 , had to start over due to a GPS malfunction . The saltwater off Cancun , Mexico , was eating away at her gums and throat . Her face was sunburned . She 'd been stung several times by sea creatures , so her lips were swollen . "  I wanted to look like Angelina Jolie , but I probably look like Mickey Rourke in ` The Wrestler , ' " she joked . Her laid-back sense of humor belies an ambitious drive . A year ago , Bastidas did n't even know how to swim . But on March 20 , she finished swimming 95 miles in the Caribbean to complete that leg of her triathlon challenge . On April 4 , she crossed the U.S.-Mexico border , averaging about 130 miles a day on her bike . In 1998 , Australian David Holleran completed a triathlon consisting of a 26-mile swim , 1,242-mile bike ride and a 310-mile run . He holds the record for the longest triathlon , according to Guinness World Records . Bastidas will more than double that distance , swimming 95 miles , biking 2,932 miles and running 735 miles for a total of 3,762 miles before reaching Washington near the end of April . It 's a grueling journey , even for someone used to tackling ultra races . But there 's something driving Bastidas other than the desire to break a world record : She 's determined to raise awareness about human trafficking and stop it . "  I 'm prepared to do whatever it takes , " Bastidas said after a particularly rough patch of riding in Mexico . "  If you do n't risk everything , that 's not courage . " Just a few days ago , the triathlete hopped off her bike and laced up her sneakers to begin her run into the U.S. capital . "  Her triathlon route covered major human trafficking routes , " team member Alexis Rhyner said when I asked why Bastidas was traveling so far . "  It was also important to her that the route pass through both countries and both capitals , to unify both nations to fight the issue together and take responsibility for what is happening in and between our two borders . " Thousands of children are sold for sex every day in Mexico and the United States , according to iEmpathize , a child advocacy group Bastidas has teamed with to film a documentary of her journey . "  We all know it 's wrong , " Bastidas said . "  It 's still happening . And it 's preventable . " She was sexually abused , first by a family member , she said , then again later in life . At 17 , she said she was kidnapped in Mexico City by men who intended to sell her into slavery . She escaped only with the help of the brother of one of her captors . Some days , when Bastidas finishes her mileage , survivors wait to thank her . "  You ca n't meet someone who 's said , ` I 've been raped , too ' and go home and not care about it , " she said . "  What I do is that just remind people it 's not just a cause . We 're your family , your sisters , your daughters , your mothers . " She tells anyone who will listen that what she 's doing is a metaphor for life . If she can do this -- break the world record for the longest triathlon -- then human trafficking can be eradicated forever . "  This is the best way I can illustrate that nothing is impossible , " she said . Bastidas first started running in 2006 when her oldest son , Karl , was diagnosed with an incurable eye condition called cone rod dystrophy . Soon after she signed up for the Canadian Death Race -- and made it 56 miles before having to pull out due to hypothermia . Since then she 's run hundreds of races and even climbed the world 's seven highest peaks on seven continents to raise money to find a cure for genetic blindness . With this triathlon , she 's supporting a new cause . Anywhere from 600,000 to 800,000 people are trafficked across international borders each year , according to a 2007 report from the U.S. State Department . Those lucky enough to be rescued are left with permanent physical and emotional scars . Bastidas wants the "  Be Relentless " documentary to change people 's perceptions of true strength . It 's not the strength it 's taken her to attempt the world 's longest triathlon . It 's the inner strength found in women and children who survive years of unimaginable abuse . "  It 's only 3,500 miles , " she told me emphatically , at the beginning of her journey in Cancun . "  It 's so worth it . Think about it ! It 's a child 's life . It 's a human being 's life .  This is  nothing -- it 's nothing compared to that . "	Norma Bastidas plans to swim , bike and run 3,762 miles She 's running toward Washington , where her journey ends Bastidas says she hopes to raise awareness about human trafficking
CNN  -- The video is grainy and shot from far away , but there 's no mistaking what it shows : someone jumping out of a plane 's wheel well . The Hawaii Department of Transportation on Tuesday released surveillance video taken at Kahului Airport , on the island of Maui , on April 20 . It shows a stowaway climbing out of a plane and walking around a tarmac . The teenager , 15-year-old Yahya Abdi , survived the nearly five-hour flight from San Jose , California . He told authorities that he crawled into the wheel well of the Hawaii-bound Boeing 767 and lost consciousness when the plane took off . Yahya , who also goes by the name Yahya Yusuf , endured subzero temperatures at oxygen-depleted heights as high as 38,000 feet , authorities believe . The teen told investigators he was trying to get to Somalia to see his mother and had no clue which plane went where , a law enforcement official told CNN . He is said to have hopped a fence at San Jose International Airport shortly after 1 a.m. April 20 and stayed on the grounds for six hours without getting caught . The teen spent time recovering at a hospital in Hawaii . As of the weekend , he was in the custody of the Santa Clara County Child Protective Services , in California , according to San Jose police spokesman Albert Morales . The spokesman said investigators are looking to talk to the teen , who could face charges . "  We are undetermined on whether or not charges will be filed . We want to interview him as to what was the situation that prompted him to get on the plane . We have to conduct a thorough interview and get the information from the juvenile himself . If in fact it is determined that there was a criminal offense , it will be criminal trespass , which is a misdemeanor in California , " Morales said . If found guilty , the teen could receive a citation and a fine , Morales said . Teen jet stowaway ' a good kid ' but struggling , dad says 5 stowaway attempts that did n't end tragically Stowaway raises questions about airport security CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Joe Sutton and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : The teenager could face a criminal trespass charge , a misdemeanor He survived a nearly five-hour flight from California to Hawaii The teen endured subzero temperatures at oxygen-depleted heights He told investigators that he was trying to get to Somalia to see his mother
Health.com  -- Every year , sneeze sufferers swear : "  This is the worst allergy season ever . " And they 're right . "  Pollen levels are increasing , pollen seasons are getting longer , and more people are developing allergies , " says Estelle Levetin , Ph.D. , chairwoman of the aerobiology committee for the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology . In fact , this year 's fall allergies  affecting at least 12 million Americans  will most likely last up to 27 days longer than average in the northernmost parts of North America , going even into November in some spots , a new study suggests . While spring and fall allergies cause the same symptoms  sneezing , itchy eyes , and runny nose  , their triggers are different . Spring allergies , which run from February to late July , are brought on by pollen from trees , grasses , and weeds . Fall allergies go from mid-August through the first autumn frost , and are chiefly set off by pollen from the ragweed plant , mold , and dust mites . Health.com : 20 ways to stop allergies Read on to learn what 's making both seasons so unbearable -- and the best ways to survive them . The seasons are longer Spring allergies now start sooner and fall allergies end later , thanks to global warming , says Jeffrey G. Demain , M.D. , director of the Allergy , Asthma & Immunology Center of Alaska . We 're using more and more carbon-based fuels , generating greenhouse gases  such as carbon dioxide  that trap heat from the sun in our atmosphere . This makes temperatures rise , prompting plants and trees to flower -- and release pollen -- earlier each spring ; in the fall , they delay the death of ragweed plants from frost , extending the pollen season , Levetin explains . End result : "  Fall " allergies may go practically into winter . Health.com : The worst plants for your allergies There 's more pollen than ever Higher amounts of carbon dioxide not only kick-start pollen production , they also boost the amount of pollen each plant generates , too -- especially in urban areas , where the gas is more plentiful . To add insult to injury , CO2 is making pollen more potent , too . "  There 's more allergen now in each grain than there used to be , " Demain says . And pollen is n't the only allergen on the rise . Increasingly balmy temperatures mean more moisture in the air , which creates mold . "  The higher temperatures and gas may increase not just the growth of mold but also its spore production -- which is how it distributes allergens -- both indoors and out , " Demain says . Health.com : Protect your home and family from dangerous mold and mildew More people are developing allergies The number of Americans with allergies is two to five times higher now than it was about 30 years ago , according to surveys from the National Institutes of Health . Genes play a role in your susceptibility , but the blooming allergy boom is most likely due to the longer , more intense pollen seasons -- plus these expert-supported theories : We 're too clean . Now that we 're exposed to less dirt and bacteria  thanks in part to our obsession with antibacterial everything  , and have fewer scourges like polio and parasites to fight , our immune systems are quicker to overreact to otherwise harmless substances like pollen , says Levetin . At the same time , our environment is too dirty : Studies show that pollution  such as exhaust fumes  can trigger allergic flare-ups . Our modern diet is hurting us . Today 's processed , preserved foods lack the tough fibers of the plants and grains our ancestors feasted on , throwing off the delicate balance of bacteria in our guts and setting us up for allergic sensitivity , says University of Michigan professor of internal medicine Gary Huffnagle , Ph.D. . Studies suggest , too , that as use of antibiotics -- which also disrupt bacteria in the gastrointestinal tract -- has surged , so have allergies . Health.com : Your secret allergy triggers revealed The good news : Even if we 're now more prone to sniffling , sneezing , and itchy eyes , "  there are many more treatment options on the market now , " says Levetin . "  The current medications are so much better than they used to be . " A potent mix of non-sedating antihistamines , steroid sprays , and eyedrops help target today 's stepped-up symptoms . And in the end , simply getting back to nature -- by skipping the hand sanitizer from time to time and eating whole , fresh foods -- may just be a crucial defense against , well , nature . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Spring allergies now start sooner and fall allergies end later , thanks to global warming More carbon dioxide kick-starts pollen production Number of Americans with allergies two to five times higher now than 30 years ago
Moscow  CNN  -- Two policemen were killed by a suicide car bomber in Russia 's North Caucasus republic of Dagestan , the Dagestani Interior Ministry said on its website Monday . The ministry said the officers were patrolling the town of Kizilyurt in a minivan around midnight when an unidentified bomber sitting in a parked Lada car set off an unidentified explosive device in his car as the police minivan was passing by . The explosion left a crater 1.5 meters  5 feet  wide and 15 centimeters  6 inches  deep , the ministry said . The police minivan was burned out , the ministry said . Dagestan has been hit by a series of deadly attacks recently , including fatal bombings and shootings . It is the largest and most volatile of the five Northern Caucasus regions . Rebels continue to stage frequent attacks on security forces , police and civilians . In August , the head of the Federal Security Service Alexandr Bortnikov told the Russian president that in the first six months of this year , 169 terrorist acts were committed , of which 110 took place in Dagestan . In recent years , Dagestan has faced ethnic friction , spillover from the discord in neighboring Chechnya and attacks on government officials by militant Islamists , the International Crisis Group has said .	The officers were on patrol when a car bomber detonated a device The bombing leaves a crater 1.5 meters  5 feet  wide and 15 centimeters  6 inches  deep Dagestan is the largest and most volatile of the five Northern Caucasus regions
CNN  Hipsters , rejoice . Next time you ride your fixed-gear bicycle to the the thrift store , where you find a vintage , grease-stained mechanic 's shirt that matches your Rollie Fingers mustache and Grizzly Adams beard , there 's an edgy , if technologically sub-optimal , way to tell your friends about it . Use a flip phone . In an age of the iPhone 6 Plus and massive Android phablets , flip phones are inexplicably making a comeback . No less an arbiter of cool than Vogue magazine editor Anna Wintour has apparently dumped her iPhone in favor of a flipper . Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck , actress Kate Beckinsale and even Rihanna are just a few of the celebrities spotted proudly brandishing the famous piece of paleo-technology . And , believe it or not , "  dumb phones " are n't exactly the elusive unicorn that some of us think they are . As of January , 56 % of American adults owned smartphones , compared to a total of 90 % who had a cellphone of some kind , according to the Pew Research Internet Project . Among millennials age 18-29 , an overwhelming 83 % of those who owned cellphones had a smartphone , but that leaves the other 17 % who keep their mobile life more basic . The hinged , snap-shut "  flipper " form factor was originally introduced to the public in 1982 by laptop manufacturer GriD with its Compass computer . Motorola , perhaps the king of flip phones with its Razr line , introduced the clamshell style in 1996 with its StarTAC phone  which , appropriately enough , was re-released for nostalgic techies in 2010  . Is this really all about going for retro , hipster street cred ? There is , at times , a mystifying aspect of "  cool " that centers around eschewing modern convenience for vintage ... well ... inconvenience . Writing on typewriters ? Check . Racing high-wheel bicycles from the 1880s ? Yes . Playing baseball with the rules and equipment of the 1860s ? Absolutely . But there are obviously some more practical reasons some people , including millennials , go flip . For some , it 's about simplifying and uncluttering in a 24/7 plugged-in society . "  It just seemed like it would be better for my addled brain than a smartphone , " 26-year-old Angelica Baker , a tutor and writer , told TIME . "  Personally I 'm too scattered and unfocused to handle email and Facebook on my phone . " Baker swapped out her Droid for her mom 's retired flip phone , a pink Motorola Razr . No one has to worry about the iCloud being hacked when they use a flip phone . There 's little to no eye and neck strain . No fear of Flappy Bird addiction . And , let 's be honest ... there 's something satisfying about a switchblade-like phone flip after an annoying phone conversation that even the most emphatic tap of a touchscreen will never approach . Maybe the hipsters are onto something after all . Though we 'll still pass on the bushy beards .	Among the young and hip , flip phones are making a comeback Motorola popularized flip phones in 1996 with the StarTAC Vogue editor , NFL quarterback among those seen with flip phones Some say it 's about simplifying their lives
CNN  -- Police in southern Afghanistan have arrested the father-in-law of a woman whose nose and ears were chopped off after she was accused of bringing shame to her family . Authorities in Oruzgan province said Haji Sulaiman , 45 , was the one who held Bibi Aisha at gunpoint and ordered five others -- including her husband -- to cut her . Juma Hemat , the Oruzgan police chief , said the arrest took place about two weeks ago and that Sulaiman confessed to the crime . Read a behind-the-scenes with Aisha then and now "  The file of Sulaiman was completed by police and submitted to the attorney general 's office in Oruzgan province , " he said . ` Bibi ' and ` Haji ' are both honorifics -- ` Bibi ' meaning ` lady , ' and ` Haji ' a term of respect for someone who has performed the pilgrimage to Mecca that is required of all able-bodied Muslims . Read more about Aisha 's story "  When they cut off my nose and ears , I passed out , " Aisha said , describing the attack to CNN in March . "  It felt like there was cold water in my nose . I opened my eyes , and I could n't even see because of all the blood . " Aisha said her mutilation was an act of Taliban justice for the crime of shaming her husband 's family . At 16 , she was handed over to her husband 's father and 10 brothers , whom she claims were all members of the Taliban in Oruzgan . "  I spent two years with them and became a prisoner , " she said . She eventually ran away but was caught by police in Kandahar . And although running away is not a crime , in places throughout Afghanistan , it is treated as such if one is a woman . Eventually her father-in-law found her and took her back to her abusive home . She was taken to a Taliban court for dishonoring her husband 's family . The court ruled that her nose and ears must be cut off , an act carried out by the six men in the mountains of Oruzgan , where they left her to die . But she survived . She was brought to the United States where she received reconstructive surgery and a new life . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	The man ordered five others to cut the woman 's ears and nose , police say Aisha says the mutilation was an act of Taliban justice A court orders the sentence as punishment for her running away She receives reconstructive surgery
CNN  -- The health of legendary golfer Seve Ballesteros has taken a turn for the worse , his family revealed on Friday . The 54-year-old had a brain tumor removed in late 2008 , more than a year after he ended his illustrious career in the sport . "  The Ballesteros family informs that Seve 's neurological condition has suffered a severe deterioration , " read a statement on the Spaniard 's website . "  The family will inform accordingly about any change in his health condition and takes this opportunity of thanking everyone for the support that both Seve and his own family have been receiving during all this time . " CNN contacted Ballesteros ' office in Santander to ask if he had returned to hospital , but was told that no further information would be given outside his personal website . The news came during the Spanish Open in Barcelona , one of the European Tour 's founding events and a tournament that Ballesteros won in 1981 and 1985 . Ballesteros met with his close friend and former European Ryder Cup teammate Jose Maria Olazabal before it teed off this week , according to the UK Press Association . "  Seve 's physical condition was not good when Jose Maria went to see him , but they talked about golf and everything , " Olazabal 's manager Sergio Gomez told PA on Friday . "  Then came the call yesterday to tell him that Seve was in a critical condition . " Tennis star Rafael Nadal paid tribute to his ailing compatriot on Friday . "  Seve is a great benchmark for all the Spanish athletes who have been fortunate to meet him and play golf with him . I wish him well , " the world number one said in quotes reported by AFP . "  Life is cruel sometimes , he 's had a struggle in recent years but he 's still been able to do things . His foundation is an example for society and all athletes . " Ballesteros made his name when he finished second at the British Open as a 19-year-old in 1976 and that year went on to win the European Tour 's money list for the first of six times . He won the British Open -- one of golf 's four major tournaments -- three times , and was twice victor at the Masters in Augusta . His triumph at the 1979 British Open made him the youngest winner of the event that century and the first non-British European to do so since 1907 . As well as his success in stroke play tournaments , Ballesteros was also a mighty competitor in the match play format -- winning the world title five times and helping Europe claim the Ryder Cup on four occasions against the United States . He was also a victorious captain in 1997 , the first year that the teams event was hosted by Europe outside of Britain and Ireland . Meanwhile , South Africa 's Thomas Aiken claimed a one-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Spanish Open on Friday . The 27-year-old , seeking his first victory on the European Tour , shot his second successive four-under-par 68 at El Prat with a birdie at his final hole for the second day in a row . Ranked 104th in the world , he ended the day ahead of Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal , who carded 70 on his home course . "  I belong to another generation and never actually saw Seve play , but his fight these last years has been an inspiration for us all , " Larrazabal , 27 , told the European Tour website . "  Although I was too young to watch him perform when he was at the top , I have seen all his films , and he was really spectacular , never giving up , hitting his driver and chasing the ball into the hole from everywhere . " Another home hope , Alvaro Velasco , fired a flawless 66 to be on six-under 138 alongside France 's Romain Wattel  71  , Englishman Anthony Wall  70  and first-round leader Scott Jamieson  72  . Miguel Angel Jimenez , a non-playing Ryder Cup assistant to Ballesteros in 1997 , was tied for 27th on 143 , while Olazabal was another shot back after also carding 72 .	Seve Ballesteros ' condition has deteriorated , according to his family The 54-year-old former golf star had a brain tumor removed in 2008 The news comes during the Spanish Open tournament , which he has won twice Fellow Spaniard Rafael Nadal is among those to pay tribute to Ballesteros
CNN  -- West Virginia 's attorney general and state legislators announced Tuesday that they 'd join those investigating a chemical spill that left hundreds of thousands scrambling for safe water , with one senator promising "  there will definitely be a change . " "  This whole series of events is unacceptable , " said Senate Majority Leader John Unger , who will be leading the state legislative probe , echoing many others around West Virginia and elsewhere since the crisis boiled up last Thursday . These latest investigations came out the same day that a few thousand more West Virginians were told they could use their tap water again , for the first time in nearly a week . Still , nearly two-thirds of the nearly 300,000 people initially prohibited from using their taps still are waiting for the all-clear . Their headaches and heartaches trace to the leak of several thousand gallons of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol -- a substance used in the coal industry -- from a storage tank belonging to a company called Freedom Industries . That chemical made its way into the Elk River , to a water plant about a mile upstream , then into the water system . Residents of nine counties -- including the one that is home to Charleston , West Virginia 's capital and most populated city -- were urged last week not to use their tap water to do anything except flush their toilets . With its strong odor as the telltale sign , officials warned that they could n't say that the water so many rely on to drink , cook using or wash themselves with was safe . Authorities worked to flush the foul-smelling chemical from the area water system , all while conducting tests that eventually showed it declining . Chemical spill shines spotlight on loose regulation But it has been only recently some have been told they can use their water , such as the lifting of the "  do not use " order Tuesday morning for the Southridge/Southside area near Charleston . By Tuesday evening , about 114,000 people were advised it was safe for them to run their taps again -- with more than 180,000 remaining in limbo . And it 's not just individual citizens in their homes who have been affected . Without safe water , schools and many businesses such as hotels , restaurants and more decided to close . Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin 's office said schools would remain closed in four counties Wednesday , leaving about 46,000 students at leisure . Amid this widespread pain , a number of local , state and federal authorities have announced they 're launching investigations intent on getting to the bottom of what happened and holding people , agencies and companies responsible for the spill and possible issues in the response . Investigators from the Kanawha County Fire Department and the state Department of Environmental Protection were among the first at the scene . By the next day , U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin announced that his office was also looking into what happened , telling CNN that "  even a negligent release of this kind could be a criminal violation . " Also on the federal side , Environmental Protection Agency investigators went to the scene as did a team from the U.S. Chemical Safety Board . Plus , two U.S. congressmen -- Reps. Henry A. Waxman and Paul D. Tonko , Democrats from California and New York respectively -- said in a letter Monday they believe the spill may have exposed regulatory gaps in the country 's chemical control laws . Two new authorities in the state of West Virginia on Tuesday announced their own investigations . Attorney General Patrick Morrisey said in a statement that his office plans "  to get to the bottom of this and ensure that the public knows the truth " -- including what happened , why and how might it have been prevented . "  We need to make sure this never happens again , and that responsible parties are held accountable , " Morrisey said of his office 's "  unbiased , independent inquiry . " And Unger , the Democratic state senator from Berkeley , said the Joint Legislative Oversight Commission on State Water Resources -- which he co-chairs -- is also digging into the "  unacceptable " ordeal . Among other things , that legislative body will look into who knew what and when , "  and if no one knew , why not . " "  There will definitely be a change to the way things have been done in the past , " Unger said . And it 's not just West Virginians who are affected . The Greater Cincinnati Water Works , which serves that Ohio city and parts of four counties in Ohio and Kentucky , will temporarily stop taking water from the Ohio River as a precaution , allowing water that might contain traces of the chemical to pass the city , company spokeswoman Michele Ralston said Tuesday . Two Kentucky water systems -- in Ashland and Russell -- temporarily turned off their valve systems , Dick Brown , a spokesman for the Department for Environmental Protection , told CNN . The move was strictly a precaution since the Elk River is a tributary to the Kanawha , which feeds into the Ohio River . The Cincinnati utility is sampling the Ohio River water and so far has n't detected anything out of the ordinary , Ralston said . The move will not disrupt customers ' water supplies because the company has a two-day reserve and a groundwater plant that can provide even more treated water , she said . Opinion : It 's OK , the water 's safe to flush CNN 's Matt Smith , Michael Pearson , Jason Hanna , Alina Machado and Meridith Edwards contributed to this report .	NEW : More people are told they can use water ; more than 180,000 still under "  do not use " order A state legislator says "  there will definitely be a change " after last week 's chemical spill Thousands of gallons of a compound used to clean coal poured into the Elk River "  This whole series of events is unacceptable , " lawmaker says
CNN  -- Gillette said Saturday it was "  limiting " golfer Tiger Woods ' role in its marketing programs to give him the privacy he needs to work on family relationships after disclosures of his "  infidelity . " In a statement , the Boston , Massachusetts-based body grooming company said it supports Woods ' decision to take "  an indefinite break " from professional golf . On his Web site Friday , Woods admitted to infidelity and said he was taking a break from the sport to focus on his family . "  In the midst of a difficult and unfortunate situation , we respect the action Tiger is taking to restore the trust of his family , friends and fans , " Gillette spokesman Mike Norton said in the statement . "  We fully support him stepping back from his professional career and taking the time he needs to do what matters most . We wish him and his family the best . "  As Tiger takes a break from the public eye , we will support his desire for privacy by limiting his role in our marketing programs , " Norton said . Woods ' Friday posting said : "  After much soul searching , I have decided to take an indefinite break from professional golf . I need to focus my attention on being a better husband , father and person . " "  I am deeply aware of the disappointment and hurt that my infidelity has caused to so many people , most of all my wife and children , " Woods ' statement said . "  I want to say again to everyone that I am profoundly sorry and that I ask forgiveness . It may not be possible to repair the damage I 've done , but I want to do my best to try . " Woods , 33 , who tops the sport 's world rankings , crashed his car outside his Florida mansion late last month . Authorities issued a citation for careless driving , and he was given a $ 164 fine . Woods was not required to talk to police about the wreck and declined to talk with investigators on several occasions . In the week following the crash , Woods apologized for "  transgressions " that let his family down . The same day , US Weekly published a report alleging that Woods had an affair with Jaimee Grubbs , a 24-year-old cocktail waitress . US Weekly 's report followed a National Enquirer article before the crash that the athlete was having an affair with New York nightclub hostess Rachel Uchitel , an assertion she vigorously denied , according to The New York Post . It was not immediately clear how Woods ' hiatus would affect his other sponsorships , which include Nike , Gatorade and Electronic Arts . "  He is the best golfer in the world and one of the greatest athletes of his era , " Nike spokeswoman Beth Gast said in a statement . "  We look forward to his return to golf . He and his family have Nike 's full support . " The statement did not elaborate on whether Woods ' announcement would impact his business relationship with the sports company , which has worked with him for more than a decade . Woods has won three U.S. Open titles and the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament each four times . The PGA Tour said it supports Woods and looks forward to his return to the game . "  We fully support Tiger 's decision to step away from competitive golf to focus on his family . His priorities are where they need to be , and we will continue to respect and honor his family 's request for privacy , " the PGA Tour said in a statement Friday . "  We look forward to Tiger 's return to the PGA Tour when he determines the time is right for him . " EA Sports , the company that makes Woods ' video game , also said it is standing behind the golfer . "  We respect that this is a very difficult and private situation for Tiger and his family . At this time , the strategy for our Tiger Woods PGA TOUR business remains unchanged , " said David Tinson , a company spokesman .	Grooming company cuts back on Tiger Woods ' time after admission of "  infidelity " Woods admits to cheating on wife , plans "  indefinite break " from golf Woods : "  I am profoundly sorry and that I ask forgiveness " Nike , EA Sports , PGA Tour pledge support to Woods
Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters marched in Moscow on Tuesday , rejecting the legitimacy of President Vladimir Putin and demanding new elections , a prominent opposition leader said . "  We believe that his presidency right now is not legitimate at all , " former Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov told CNN from the rally . The elections in March that returned Putin to the presidency after four years as prime minister "  were not free , they were not fair and the results were not credible , " Kasyanov said . The only thing that Putin should do now is "  sit with us on a round table and discuss the terms and conditions of his departure , " Kasyanov said . International observers said in March that the elections did not meet international standards . The presidential election came just months after allegations of fraud in parliamentary elections prompted the largest anti-government demonstrations Russia had seen in two decades . Kasyanov called for more street demonstrations to increase pressure on Putin , but said the opposition was not trying to mimic the Arab Spring . "  The best way is just peaceful protests on the streets , " he said . "  We would like something like what happened at the end of the '80s in eastern Europe " when Communist regimes fell without violence in the face of public dissent . The demonstration finished without violence and with noticeably less police presence than at a protest before Putin 's inauguration last month . More than 250 people were arrested at that demonstration , including leading opposition figure Boris Nemtsov , leftist radical group leader Sergei Udaltsov and popular blogger Alexei Navalny , Moscow police told CNN . In March , Putin won the country 's presidential election with nearly 65 % of the vote , claiming victory amid allegations by independent polling monitors of widespread electoral violations . International observers said there was legitimate uncertainty about the vote , with chess champion-turned opposition activist Garry Kasparov accusing Putin 's supporters of "  massive fraud . " Putin , the former KGB officer who has worked to both stabilize Russia 's economy and curtail dissent , held the presidency for eight years before term limits forced him to step down in 2008 .	Tens of thousands of demonstrators show up to protest It 's time for Putin to discuss the terms of his departure , an opposition leader says Protesters reject Putin 's election as president , saying the vote was not free
CNN  -- The cast of Marvel 's "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " just keeps getting better . On Sunday , "  Thor " co-star Idris Elba let it slip in an interview with the UK 's Telegraph that he and Tom Hiddleston will appear in next May 's "  Avengers " sequel . Elba , 42 , has played the Asgard guardian Heimdall in both "  Thor " and "  Thor : The Dark World , " while Hiddleston has portrayed Thor 's half-brother , Loki . Elba did n't specify much about his role in "  Age of Ultron , " but he did mention that the two men will have a scene with Chris Hemsworth 's hammer-wielding Thor . "  I 'm in Avengers , " Elba confirmed while talking about balancing his career as a DJ with his work as an actor . "  I 'm doing a scene with Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston , and they 're like , ` Are n't you  meant to be  in Ibiza ? ' " Elba 's the first to admit that being a Marvel star is n't easy , something he realized when he was transitioning between his work on the Nelson Mandela biopic "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " and on "  Thor : The Dark World . " "  I 'd just done eight months in South Africa . I came to England , and the day I came back , I had to do reshoots on ` Thor 2 , ' " Elba said . "  I was like , ` This is torture , man . I do n't want to do this . ' My agent said : ` You have to ; it 's part of the deal . ' " Of course , Elba stuck it out , and now he 's the latest star to watch for in "  Avengers : Age of Ultron , " which is scheduled to open on May 1 .	Idris Elba 's confirmed he 'll be in "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " The actor added that Tom Hiddleston will appear in the movie , too "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " opens in May
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's electoral commission is not able to conduct the country 's elections this year unless it gets a cash injection from the government , a state-owned weekly newspaper reported Sunday . The commission was only given $ 8.5 million by the country 's treasury , Zimbabwe Electoral Commission Chairman Simpson Mutambanengwe said , according to the Sunday Mail . "  We 're barely surviving . There is no money . " Earlier this month , representatives of President Robert Mugabe 's Zanu PF party and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change party agreed that it would not be possible to have elections this year . But last week , Mugabe 's party called for general elections this year to end the country 's two-year-old coalition government . Mugabe has repeatedly called for elections to take place this year . Tsvangirai has said elections must be held only after democratic reforms -- including having a new constitution in Zimbabwe -- are completed . Under the power-sharing agreement that Tsvangirai and Mugabe signed in 2008 , Zimbabwe is supposed to have a new constitution before general elections are held . Drafting a new constitution has been marred by lack of funds , interparty violence and disagreements between Mugabe 's and Tsvangirai 's parties . As a result , a referendum on the new constitution that was supposed to have been held last November was set for September of this year . But with the election commission indicating that it has no money to run polls , the date might be pushed further . Mugabe , a guerrilla leader who was hailed as a hero of Zimbabwe 's freedom struggle when he came to power three decades ago , has established himself over the years as one of Africa 's most ruthless dictators . However , his power has weakened as evidenced in the 2008 election . Tsvangirai won that vote , but Mugabe refused to cede power . He agreed to form a unity government with Tsvangirai and Deputy Prime Minister Arthur Mutambara after African regional leaders refused to recognize the legitimacy of a runoff .	"  We 're barely surviving , " the electoral commission chairman says President Robert Mugabe has pushed for elections this year The power-sharing agreement says elections will come after a new constitution is in place
Washington  CNN  -- A deeply divided Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that criminal defendants who receive inadequate legal advice on pretrial plea bargains can have their sentences overturned , equating that with an unconstitutional and ineffective assistance of counsel . The separate 5-4 decisions in a pair of cases from Michigan and Missouri will have a huge , immediate impact on the 97 % of federal convictions and 94 % of state convictions that stem from guilty pleas . "  This court now holds that , as a general rule , defense counsel has the duty to communicate formal offers from the prosecution to accept a plea on terms and conditions that may be favorable to the accused , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy , joining four of his more liberal colleagues . "  When the defense counsel allowed the offer to expire without advising the defendant or allowing him to consider it , defense counsel did not render the effective assistance the Constitution requires . " In a rare oral dissent delivered from the bench , Justice Antonin Scalia called the majority decision "  absurd " and "  unheard-of . " In unusual detail , the opinion lays out specific guidelines to defense counsel , saying they must relay plea bargain offers from the prosecution , regardless whether the lawyer believes them to be proper . The case from Michigan involved Blaine Lafler , convicted of assault with intent to murder and other charges , after shooting and seriously wounding a woman . The state twice offered to dismiss two of the charges , and recommended a reduced sentence in return for a guilty plea . Lafler claims he rejected the offers after his lawyer convinced him the prosecution could not prove the most serious charge . The defendant was convicted and received 185 to 360 months behind bars . In Missouri , Galin Frye was charged with driving on a revoked license . Three previous convictions on the same charge meant he could be sentenced to up to four years in prison . Court records shows he was not told about two pretrial plea bargain offers that would have reduced his jail time . A week before his preliminary court hearing , the man was again arrested on the same offense . With no deal on the table , he subsequently pleaded guilty and received three years imprisonment . "  There appears to be a reasonable probability Frye would have accepted the prosecutor 's original offer of a plea bargain if the offer had been communicated to him , " Kennedy said in his ruling , "  because he pleaded guilty  later  to a more serious charge , with no promise of a sentencing recommendation from the prosecution . " Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan supported Kennedy , who again proved to be the "  swing " vote for the majority . Both cases were sent back to lower courts to sort out the new sentencing guidelines . In his dissent , Scalia warned criminal defendants will now flood courts with new claims of bad legal representation . "  The court today embraces the sporting chance theory of criminal law , in which the state functions like a conscientious casino operator , giving each player a fair chance to beat the house , that is , serve less time than the law says he deserves , " he said . "  And when a player is excluded from the tables , his constitutional rights have been violated . " He added , "  In today 's cases , the court 's zeal to bring perfection to everything requires the reversal of perfectly valid , eminently just convictions , " Scalia said . "  It is not wise ; it is not right . " Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito joined all or part of the dissent . The cases are Lafler v. Cooper  10-209  and Missouri v. Frye  10-444  .	Defense attorneys have a duty to give good advice on plea deals , the court rules They must do so to provide "  the effective assistance the Constitution requires " In dissent , Justice Scalia calls the decision "  absurd " and "  unheard-of "
RollingStone.com  -- Tank warfare in the final days of World War II sounds like primo escapism for action freaks . "  Fury , " written and directed with exacting skill and aching heart by David Ayer  "  End of Watch "  , does n't let us off easy with video game violence . Ayer thrusts us into the furnace of the Fury , a Sherman tank commanded by Don "  Wardaddy " Collier  Brad Pitt  , until we feel as battered as the crew . Brad Pitt : From Beefcake to A-lister In their years with Sgt. Wardaddy , gunner Boyd Swan  an outstanding Shia LaBeouf  , loader Grady Travis  Jon Bernthal  and driver Trini Garcia  Michael Pe  a  have tilted their moral compass to view murder as different from killing the enemy . They do n't even see the blood on their hands until the arrival of Norman Ellison  Logan Lerman  , a rookie driver unprepared for combat . Norman 's horror and disgust are a cracked mirror for the crew , until Norman hardens just like his band of brothers . Ayer captures the buried feelings of men in combat with piercing immediacy . Fall movie preview : Finally , the good stuff ! Pitt is tremendous in his role , a conscience detectable even in Wardaddy 's blinkered gaze . But it 's Lerman who anchors the film with a shattering , unforgettable portrayal of corrupted innocence . "  Fury " means to grab us hard from the first scene and never let go . Mission accomplished . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Brad Pitt , Shia LaBeouf , Michael Pena , Jon Bernthal and Logan Lerman star The movie follows a crew of soldiers during World War II LaBeouf is outstanding , and Pitt is tremendous Lerman 's performance anchors the film
CNN  -- The great promise of social networking has been the ability to stay in touch with friends , family and , let 's face it , mere acquaintances without regard to traditional hurdles like geography . But in the process of bringing everyone , from long-lost friends to grade-school acquaintances , just a status update away , the rise of Facebook , Twitter and the like may have left someone out : the folks next door . "  We did not see a social network that could connect us to what we believe is one of the most important communities of all , the neighborhood , " said Nirav Tolia , CEO of Nextdoor.com . "  We realized that neighborhoods really were the original social network . " Nextdoor is part of a growing trend of online sites and tools geared toward filling a gap left in part by commuter culture , frequent moves and dual-income homes . "  Technology has done a great job putting us in touch with the people we do n't live close to , " said Tolia , who co-founded customer review site ePinions.com in 1999 . "  It has not done as great a job , in the past , of helping us connect with the people right outside our door . " The site requires users to either verify their address  sign-in codes on postcards are one way  or be vouched for by an existing member to join pages that were , in turn , created by someone who lives close by . Once created , Nextdoor pages focus on everything from babysitter searches and requests to borrow lawn tools to discussions about crime in the area or suggestions on which local businesses to patronize . It 's the kind of chatter one would traditionally expect to take place over coffee , across the back fence or at the local barber shop . But statistics suggest those conversations are becoming few and far between . In a Pew Research Center poll from last year , 19 % of respondents said they knew the names of all their neighbors , while 28 % said they did n't know any of them . Worth noting is that the poll found daily Internet users were actually more likely than nonusers to know their neighbors and equally as likely as people who go online less frequently .  That 's been a consistent finding in Pew 's Internet studies , flying in the face of the assumption that online social networking detracts from real-world interaction and users should "  just go outside " and socialize  . "  You certainly could just go outside , " Tolia said . "  Unfortunately , almost a third of people , if they were to go outside , they would n't know their neighbor . If they can use tools like Nextdoor , they 're much more likely to actually interact . " Nextdoor is n't alone in trying , at least in part , to address that . There are sites like EveryBlock , which lets users punch in their ZIP code to get local news updates , and Topix , basically a home for glorified message boards focusing on individual communities . There 's also Patch , AOL 's network of more than 500 hyper-local news sites . "  Growing up , I saw my mom who knew ever single neighbor in every single house and I knew every single person on the street , " said Daniel Dietrich , co-founder of HeyNeighbor.com , another localized network focused on "  micro-favors " among folks who live near each other and a sort of uber-local Craigslist to buy and sell . "  I do n't think it 's that we do n't want the neighborhood relationships we used to have ... . It 's a lot of factors that have put us in this space today .  B  ut there 's a longing for community . There 's a longing for local . " With Internet usage increasingly common among all age groups , Dietrich said sites like his can act as a virtual ice-breaker . "  It 's awkward to walk up to someone 's door and say ` hi , ' " he said . "  I 'm a relatively social guy , but it 's just not comfortable to walk up to a door and say , ` Hi , I 'm your new neighbor . ' You do n't know what the circumstances are behind that door , so you just do n't do it . " HeyNeighbor launched in late summer . It is not publicly announcing user numbers . Tolia 's site was launched October 26 after a year-and-a-half of testing , during which 176 neighborhoods went online . Less than two months later , the site has 620 neighborhoods in 40 states and the District of Columbia . Another 450 neighborhoods are in what the site calls "  pilot stage . " "  We 've been absolutely blown away by the response , " Tolia said . "  We 've had literally tens of thousands of people come to the website and either want to create Nextdoor for their neighborhood or join a Nextdoor neighborhood . " Whoever sets up a neighborhood page on the site submits what they consider the boundaries of that neighborhood . As membership grows , the boundaries can be narrowed or expanded . Both are free to use and eventually hope to sell targeted advertising to local businesses . Meanwhile , they 'll keep trying to help introduce people who may be more likely to find your lost dog or loan you a cup of sugar than "  like " your status update or "  favorite " your tweet . "  We 're not necessarily trying to make everyone who passes each other on the street hug each other , " Dietrich said . "  But there 's a value to having a relationship with the people who live next to you . "	As social sites expand , a new wave aims to help get to know real-world neighbors Sites like Nextdoor create hyper-local networks of neighbors Pew Research report suggests nearly one in three people do n't know any of their neighbors
CNN  -- A California wildfire grew modestly to 769 acres and destroyed 22 structures , including the fire chief 's home , in the pristine coastal mountain region known as Big Sur , authorities said Wednesday . The 879 personnel fighting the fire reported "  good progress " in bringing the blaze under 20 % control , up from 5 % the day before , authorities said . The cause of the fire is under investigation . Fire Chief Martha Karstens of the Big Sur Volunteer Fire Brigade lost her home in the fire , which began Monday . "  The irony does n't escape me , " she told CNN . "  I try to set an example for fire clearance . And we do the best we can . But it 's -- the situation was just -- it was too much , too hot , too fast , too soon . "  If I had had other resources , perhaps my home would still be there , " she added . The loss marked a turnabout in her job , in which she deals with fire damage to other people 's homes . "  Until it happens to you , you feel sorry for them . But literally , I went out to fight a fire . I had my purse . I had my cell phone and my glasses . And I did n't know I was going to be trying to save my own home , " she said . Several neighborhoods were evacuated , and their roads remained closed Wednesday , but the scenic Pacific Coast Highway , or California Highway 1 , was open , officials said . "  Crews made good progress containing fire perimeter along the south end , ahead of an anticipated trough approaching the west coast , " Los Padres National Forest officials said in a prepared statement . That weather trough was expected to bring strong winds late Wednesday . Almost all of California is in a severe or extreme drought , and the Big Sur area is listed as being in a severe drought , the National Drought Mitigation Center website says .	A wildfire in Big Sur is brought under 20 % control , up from 5 % the day before Firefighters report "  good progress " in their efforts to put out the 769-acre blaze The fire chief 's home is among the 22 structures destroyed
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Bobby Maurice Tillman , the Georgia teen stomped to death outside a home where a party was being held , died from a lacerated heart , Douglas County Coroner Randy Daniel told CNN Tuesday . He said the 18-year-old likely suffered a break in a rib bone , which in turn punctured his heart . If the young man had not been stomped , he probably would not have been injured in that way and would have survived the beating , Daniel added . Police say Horace Damon Coleman , 19 , Emanuel Benjamin Boykins , 18 , Quantez Devonta Mallory , 18 , and Tracen Franklin , 19 , stomped and beat Tillman outside a party in metro Atlanta over the weekend . The four men are facing felony murder charges . Douglas County Sheriff Phil Miller has said the attack happened after some girls got into a fight , and one of them hit a boy . That boy , according to Miller , said he was n't going to "  hit a girl , " but the next guy who came by was going to get "  beat down . " Tillman walked by . Miller said the victim was a "  little guy , 18 years old , 5-foot-6 , weighed 125 pounds . " "  He was small in stature , but ... his spirit and his strength were bigger to me than this world , " Tillman 's mother , Monique Rivarde , told CNN Tuesday . "  My son was bullied by four cowards . " No drugs or alcohol were found at the scene , according to the sheriff , who said he does n't expect any more charges in the case . CNN 's Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	Bobby Maurice Tillman , 18 , was beaten to death outside a party A broken rib bone likely punctured his heart , the coroner says Four teens face felony murder charges
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN 's "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays . She delivered this commentary during the "  Cutting through the Bull " segment of Wednesday night 's broadcast . CNN 's Campbell Brown says it 's the media 's job to be annoying to the president-elect . CNN  -- It goes without saying , the media is annoying . It is the media 's job to be annoying . Especially those members of the media assigned to cover the president . Or in this case the president-elect . Their role is not to support President-elect Barack Obama , but to challenge him , to do their best to hold him accountable . This week the media is no doubt annoying Obama with daily questions about Democratic Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich allegedly trying to sell Obama 's Senate seat and the role of certain members of Obama 's team . Here was the exchange he had Tuesday with a reporter from the Chicago Tribune : John McCormick : You told us at your first press conference after the election that you were going to take a very hands-off approach to filling that spot . Over the weekend , The Tribune reported that Rahm Emanuel , your incoming chief of staff , had presented a list of potential names . Watch Campbell Brown 's commentary " Obama : John , let me just cut you off , because I do n't want you to waste your question . As I indicated yesterday , we 've done a full review of this . The facts are going to be released next week . It would be inappropriate for me to comment , because the -- for example , the story that you just talked about in your own paper , I have n't confirmed that it was accurate , and I do n't want to get into the details at this point . So do you have another question ? Mr. President-elect , this is the second time I have observed you doing this . Cutting off a reporter because the question did n't suit you . Mr. President-elect , this sort of approach reminds a lot of us of the current administration now packing up to go , and it frankly does n't fly in a democracy . You do n't get to choose the questions you get asked at a news conference . That 's not the way it works , even with a media that many believe has been more than friendly toward you , which makes it all the more surprising that you could act testy , annoyed or intolerant of any question you get . You have an extraordinarily high approval rating right now . People in this country who voted against you are pulling for you . These are desperate times for many Americans and most of this country wants you to succeed . But you will not succeed if you discard the very ideals you promoted during your campaign : directness , honesty , candor , transparency , openness . You 've made a deal with the prosecutor to keep a lid on certain information about this investigation until next week . Fine . But that does n't give you a blanket excuse to dismiss any and all questions associated with Blagojevich or anything else . You are the one who embraced openness , and you could stand to be a little more open to it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .	Brown : Obama should n't brush off reporters asking about Blagojevich Reporter asks question about Senate seat and Illinois governor Obama campaigned on directness and openness , Brown says That means he does n't get to dismiss any question he does n't like , she says
Health.com  -- Ginny Bank was 14 when her mother sat her down and said they needed to see a gynecologist . While pregnant with Ginny in the mid-1960s her mom had taken a synthetic estrogen known as diethylstilbestrol  DES  , which at the time was prescribed to prevent miscarriages and complications . Later that decade , however , doctors connected the drug to a rare form of vaginal cancer that was turning up in young women exposed to DES in the womb . Bank 's first Pap test came back abnormal . Over the next several decades she endured countless abnormal results , biopsies , and preventive surgeries , but fortunately she never developed cancer . But in her early 30s DES came up in a different context , when she consulted a fertility specialist after trying for several months to get pregnant . "  I was filling out a questionnaire before my appointment , and there it was : ` Did your mother take DES ? ' " Bank recalls . "  Before then , no one had ever told me I 'd have a problem getting pregnant . " Health.com : A top doctor reveals 8 fertility misconceptions Cancer , it turns out , is just one of the potential health problems faced by the millions of women like Bank who were exposed to DES in the womb . According to a new government study published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine , these so-called DES daughters are at higher-than-normal risk for an array of reproductive complications and other problems , including infertility . Researchers at the National Cancer Institute analyzed data from three separate studies that have followed more than 4,000 DES-exposed women since the 1970s . Compared with a control group of unexposed women , DES daughters were found to have higher rates of infertility  33 % versus 16 %  , miscarriage  50 % versus 39 %  , preterm delivery  53 % versus 18 %  , and ectopic pregnancy  15 % versus 3 %  . The DES-exposed women were also 82 % more likely to develop breast cancer after age 40 , and more than twice as likely to experience menopause before age 45 . For most of the health conditions included in the study , the increase in risk was even greater for DES daughters who had been exposed to especially high doses of the drug . Health.com : 25 breast cancer myths busted "  Investigators tend to just study disease rather than people . But this actually looks at ... the risk for an individual woman who 's been exposed and tells her what exactly it means to her , " says Robert Hoover , M.D. , the lead author of the study and the director of epidemiology and biostatistics at the NCI , in Bethesda , Maryland . "  When you look at it that way , the numbers are somewhat staggering . " As many as 10 million people were exposed to DES in the womb between 1938 , when the drug appeared on the market , and 1971 , when the Food and Drug Administration urged doctors to stop prescribing it .  As if the health fallout were n't reason enough , researchers had also discovered that DES was n't effective at preventing miscarriages . Many of the potential health complications identified in the new study have been raised in previous research , in some cases with conflicting results . A 2010 study of DES daughters conducted in the Netherlands , for instance , found no link between exposure and breast-cancer risk .  Fifty-three DES daughters who developed breast cancer have brought a lawsuit against several DES manufacturers ; the lawsuit is currently under way in Boston . Health.com : 5 simple things that could cut your breast cancer risk Researchers ca n't explain the apparent link between DES exposure and health problems , but lab experiments in animals have suggested that the drug may cause harmful cell changes or compromise immune function , the study notes . Despite the long history of DES research , the "  vast majority " of health professionals working today know very little about the drug , says Candy Tedeschi , a nurse practitioner in Great Neck , N.Y. , who worked for 20 years in a state screening center for DES daughters operated by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  They either have never heard of it , or they think that it 's long over with -- that the women affected are all dead , " Tedeschi says . "  Hopefully this -LSB- study -RSB- will have a bigger impact and get doctors looking at some of the risk factors for these women that they were n't already . " Hoover and his colleagues recommend that doctors and researchers continue to monitor women who were exposed to DES in the womb . Some researchers have also begun to look for abnormal health patterns in the daughters of DES daughters , a group known as the DES granddaughters . Health.com : Can pregnancy predict your risk of breast cancer ? Bank , now 47 , does n't have to worry about passing any DES-related problems on to a daughter . Tests conducted in her early 30s showed that she had the hormone levels and reproductive system of a 45-year-old , as well as a very small uterus .  Like most DES-exposed women , Bank ca n't conclusively prove DES directly caused these abnormalities . After an unsuccessful round of in vitro fertilization , Bank sought solace in an online advocacy and support group , DES Action , and a year later adopted a baby boy . Her experience has made her "  very wary " of prescription drugs and dietary supplements that have n't been well-researched , even though she works as a consultant for the dietary-supplement industry in Boulder , Colorado . "  I do n't know what I 'm going to do when I get to menopause and have hot flashes , because I certainly do n't want to take hormones , " she says . Health.com : Can supplements ease menopause symptoms ? For his part , Hoover says the new study reiterates the importance of continuing to make clinical research safer and more thorough in the future . "  If it was n't for this small group of women with this bizarre cancer back in the '60s , we would n't know anything about what turned out to be a major public-health disaster , " he says . "  It 's a wake-up call for us to wonder how many other drugs might be out there that are also causing all sorts of adverse health effects . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	DES linked to vaginal cancer in young women exposed to drug in the womb DES daughters at higher risk for reproductive complications , study says DES-exposed women 82 % more likely to develop breast cancer after 40
CNN  -- As Walter Thomas knows , it 's hard to look for a job when your stomach is rumbling . Samirah , 2 , asked her mom to take this photo to show that hungry people "  are like everyone else . " The 52-year-old from Washington , D.C. , started skipping meals in early January when his savings account was running dry and his kitchen cabinets were almost empty . Thomas at first did n't want to turn to the United States ' food safety net , the food stamp program , for help . But after being laid off in July from what seemed like a steady job in sales at a furniture store , Thomas swallowed his pride and applied for the monthly food aid . "  It lets me think , ` OK , well , tomorrow I 'll be able to eat . If nothing else , I 'll be able to eat , ' " he said . With the national economy in meltdown , more Americans than ever are relying on the federal aid program to keep from going hungry . In October , more than one in 10 people -- about 31 million -- were using the food stamp program to get by , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . More recent numbers are not available , but advocates for the poor say the number of those in need of aid probably has increased since then . Stereotypes associated with food stamps abound , and recipients are often seen as prone to taking handouts , sometimes when they may not be needed . But the profile of hunger in America is multifaceted , as diverse as the nation itself , especially in these times of economic hardship . To get a better idea of what it 's like to live on a food stamp budget , CNN correspondent Sean Callebs has decided to eat for a month on $ 176 and blog about the experience on CNN.com . Watch reporter 's struggle to buy food with food stamps " That 's a situation many people , Thomas included , can relate to . Thomas , who said he had been working steadily since he was 13 years old , now receives $ 175 per month for food . That 's about $ 5.83 per day -- less than $ 2 per meal . See what people on food stamps can buy " Not that Thomas is complaining . After getting his first payment , which is added to an inconspicuous debit card to reduce the stigma associated with the program , Thomas went straight to the grocery store . He was hungry and grateful . "  It 's definitely been a blessing to me , " he said of the food stamp program , which , since October , has gone by the name Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , or SNAP . Advocates for the poor , as well as those on federal assistance , hope President Obama 's economic stimulus plan will increase food stamp payments . The average family on food stamps would receive $ 79 more per month if the stimulus bill passes in the U.S. Senate this week , according to The New York Times . iReport.com : How are you doing in this tough economy ? There is some debate about whether giving people money to spend on groceries is a valid form of economic stimulus . Few are more hopeful the measure will pass than Crystal Sears , a 30-year-old mother in Germantown , Pennsylvania , who said she has been on food stamps for more than three years . Sears said she sometimes skips meals so her three children can eat . Even with federal assistance , she said , she sometimes has to make a meal for herself out of crackers or food scraps . She said she has been out of work for several years because all three of her children have medical conditions : Her 8-year-old son has a seizure disorder that requires frequent hospital visits and constant attention ; her 2-year-old daughter was born with heart problems ; and her 12-year-old daughter has scoliosis , a back condition that recently required two surgeries , she said . Without much money , she 's forced to make tough choices . "  If the kids needed sneakers and their sneakers are getting too small , or if my water bill is past due , I 'd opt not to pay it and risk them sending me a shut-off notice just so my children can eat , " she said . Sometimes she chooses to buy more food instead of paying her gas bill to heat her home . When she does , the family sleeps huddled around their stove or an electric heater , she said . Her monthly food stamp payment is $ 489 , she said . That 's sometimes sufficient . But some months , she said , she does n't receive full payments because of mix-ups with paperwork . Until recently , she said , she received about $ 250 per month , which she said was far from enough to feed her family of four . The SNAP program is meant to supplement a person 's food budget , not cover all food expenses , said Jean Daniel , a spokesperson for the USDA , which administers the program . Taking on part-time work would further complicate the application process , she said . Sears said she worked for seven years at a Salvation Army shelter before becoming unemployed . "  For me , I 've always been a helper . And my thing is I do n't like to help people to enable them . I like to help people so they can help themselves in the long run , " she said . Sears stretches her food budget by buying cheap and sometimes fatty meals . She said she does n't like doing that but ca n't avoid it . With food prices high , she said , grocery shopping is stressful . "  We get like the mac and cheese , which is dehydrated cheese -- basically food that 's no good for you health wise , " she said . "  Everything is high in sodium and trans fats ... and that 's all we basically can afford . There 's not enough assistance to eat healthy and maintain a healthy weight . " Advocates for the hungry say many people on the food stamp program opt to buy less-healthy foods because they ca n't afford fresh fruits and vegetables on such a tight budget . Food stamp "  benefits are n't really enough for a healthy diet , " said Jim Weill , president of the nonprofit Food Research and Action Center . Sears said she is grateful for the help she does get . Maribel Diaz , a 36-year-old mother of three boys in Los Angeles , California , said her $ 319-per-month payment is n't always enough . But she said she would starve herself before letting her boys go hungry . "  You 're bringing home less bags -LSB- of food -RSB- now , because the milk is almost $ 5 a gallon and the bread is $ 3 a loaf . ... A chicken is , like , now $ 8 , " Diaz said . "  If you 're really breaking it down , you 're not bringing a lot of groceries home . " All SNAP recipients are eligible for free nutritional counseling to help people stretch their food budgets , said Daniel , of the USDA . Advocates for the hungry find flaws in the way the program is set up , but they praise it for being a safety net the government ca n't take away during tough times . Unlike aid to soup kitchens , the food stamp program receives federal funding in times thick and thin , and has a $ 6 billion backup fund , Daniel said . "  The money will be found so people are not turned away , " Daniel said . All of the benefits paid to participants come from the federal government . States split the program 's administrative costs . Advocates see some flaws in SNAP but generally give it praise . "  I say about food stamps what Winston Churchill said about democracy : ` It 's the worst possible system except all the others , ' " said Joel Berg , executive director of the New York Coalition Against Hunger . Berg said the program 's benefits are too small and too difficult for people to obtain . But the food stamp program is somewhat successful , he said . "  The main purpose of the program is to wipe out Third World starvation in America , and it 's worked , " he said , adding that he 's optimistic about improvements that could come as part of the economic stimulus plan . Thomas , the laid-off furniture worker in Washington , said he does n't want people to feel sorry for him . After being let go from his store , he stopped at an employment center before going anywhere else . He said he faxed about 20 rsums to similar companies on that very day . None has resulted in a job yet , but Thomas said he has been to interviews for other types of work and hopes employment will come soon . For now , he 's just happy to continue the job search without the pain of hunger nagging at his stomach .	More than 1 in 10 Americans are part of the federal food assistance program Some people say it is hard or impossible to make ends meet , even with help President Obama 's economic stimulus plan could increase food-stamp funding CNN 's Sean Callebs will live on $ 176 this month to learn about life on food stamps
CNN  -- Lane Kommer should be skiing this week . Instead he postponed a trip to Colorado because the snow situation just is n't looking good . "  We 've been keeping a close eye on the weather the last few weeks and keeping our fingers crossed , hoping for some good snow and it just got to the point where we decided it 's better to reschedule and pay to change our plans than to go out there and be disappointed , " said Kommer , who was planning to fly from Dallas to meet up with friends at Beaver Creek Resort . Now they 're planning to go in February . It is a decision faced by skiers and snowboarders across the United States as ski resorts scramble to make the snow that Mother Nature is n't providing . December 2011 yielded the 11th least extensive snow cover in the United States in the past 46 years , according to climatologist David Robinson , a professor in the geography department at Rutgers University . Weather patterns are moving in and out too quickly and nothing is locking in to produce significant snowfall , he said . "  It does n't look like there 's going to be huge improvement the next two weeks and we 're getting halfway through winter by then . But still , hope springs eternal for late January into early March . One would expect that we 're going to see at least some interruption in this progressive fast-moving pattern , " Robinson said . Any snow would be a welcome change for the Lake Tahoe area straddling California and Nevada , where odd spring-like weather has plagued snow seekers . Base snow averaged about 14 inches at seven area resorts on Thursday , with summit averages of a little more than 19 inches . The annual average summit snowfall at one of the resorts is 350 inches . Revenue at some California resorts over the peak week between Christmas and New Year 's was down 20 % to 30 % after a tremendous ski season across the United States last year , according to estimates from the National Ski Areas Association . It 's no good for skiers , but the warm weather is pleasant , said local restaurant manager Vicky Mallett . "  It 's just gorgeous . People are paddle-boarding and hiking and riding their bikes , so they 're definitely in town hanging out , " said Mallett , who manages the Fire Sign Caf  in Tahoe City , California . Lack of the cold white stuff actually brought a boost to the caf  's business in the past few weeks , she said . "  We 're really busy because  visitors are  not skiing . " People who would usually be on the trails all day are skiing in the morning and then coming into town , Mallett said , but she suspects the novelty of the warm weather will wear off for vacationers . Ski resorts in other parts of the West did n't experience such steep declines in December business . In Colorado and Utah , revenue was down by single digit percentages over the holiday week , said Michael Berry , president of the National Ski Areas Association . Holiday bookings at major destination resorts are usually made before the start of the season . With the lack of snow going into January , some potential customers are hanging back to see what happens , Berry said . "  We are a weather-dependent industry , no matter what , and we 've done lots of things to help mitigate it , but at the end of the day , it 's always nice to have Mother Nature 's help , " he said . Some of Colorado 's biggest resorts -- like Aspen and Vail -- are surviving on high altitude , cold temperatures and enough money to produce a lot of man-made snow , said Patrick Crawford , content director of snow sports website OnTheSnow . Ski areas are trying to make the best of it . Aspen/Snowmass CEO Mike Kaplan penned a blog post this week titled "  The Glass is Half Full " highlighting some of the best trail conditions , and a Facebook comment complaining about attractive photos of "  fake snow " on the resort 's page received this upbeat response : "  Yep - sometimes we 've got to lend a hand when Mother Nature is being fickle . Sure beats doing nothing , right ? " Vail Resorts , which owns six resorts in Colorado and California , is looking at a .6 % increase in total lift ticket revenue from the start of the season in November through the beginning of January over the same period last year , according to CEO Rob Katz . Katz said that slight uptick after last year 's incredible season is due in large part to the company 's investment in snowmaking and family-friendly activities and amenities . So while a lot of expert terrain is closed , the intermediate terrain is available to vacationing families . "  For an expert skier who wants to ski everything , no question , they come and they say ` hey , this is n't as good as it was last year , ' absolutely , " Katz said . Despite a very slow start to the ski season , there are a few brighter spots , Crawford said . Western storm systems have split to the far north and south of the country , so conditions in New Mexico , Arizona and southern Colorado in the south and the Pacific Northwest , Alaska and Canada are looking pretty good . "  We ca n't complain certainly , " said Kathleen Goyette , a spokeswoman for Ski Washington . Resorts in Washington got 20 to 35 inches of fresh snow during the last week of December . The state 's resorts are aware of their luck compared with many other areas of the country , she said . "  We 've been there before , " Goyette said . "  We 've been the ones with no snow . " Not so compassionate is Big Sky Resort in Montana , which is taking a run at Vail Resorts ' business with an offer of free lift tickets to holders of the company 's Epic Pass , which allows unlimited access to all six Vail-owned resorts in Colorado and California . Epic Pass holders must book lodging through Big Sky to be eligible for free skiing . Still , there 's no bounty of deals , and the OnTheSnow user community is n't happy paying full price for poor conditions , Crawford said . "  Considering the state of the snow , you do n't see as many discounts as you think you might . But this is also when  resorts  make all their money . " Things have "  turned the corner " at ski areas east of the Mississippi after a 10 % to 15 % slump in holiday week revenue , said Berry of the National Ski Areas Association . There has been some natural snow in some areas this week and colder temperatures mean resorts are "  making snow like crazy . " People in the ski business have their fingers crossed for recovery across the country . Lack of snow affects livelihoods as well as vacation plans . "  It 's a big big deal for our little industry , " Crawford said .	Ski resorts have suffered from dry weather and warm temperatures Base snow averaged about 14 inches this week at Lake Tahoe resorts Bright spots include New Mexico , the Pacific Northwest and Alaska
Hong Kong  CNN  The most powerful storm of the year has Japan in its sights . Hot on the heels of Typhoon Phanfone , which lashed Japan with rain and high winds last week , Vongfong , which has intensified in recent days to become the strongest tropical cyclone of 2014 so far , looks poised to buffet the country in the coming days . Typhoon Vongfong is the strongest tropical cyclone since last year 's Typhoon Haiyan , which had winds of 315 km/h  195 mph  which devastated parts of the Philippines , leaving over 6,000 dead and more than 1,800 missing . Track the typhoon Currently over open water , the storm , which is classed as a Super Typhoon , is heading north towards the Japanese island prefecture of Okinawa , according to the Hawaii-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center  JTWC  . The Center has recorded sustained winds of 155 knots  178 mph  and gusts up to 190 knots  219 mph  , with wave height reaching 50 feet . It is expected to intensify to 305 km/h  190 mph  in the coming hours . Sustained winds of over 150 mph classify a tropical storm as a super typhoon . Vongfong is the sixth Pacific storm to be so designated this so far in 2014 , but is the strongest this year . It is traveling west-northwest at a speed of 8 knots  9 mph  , the Japan Meterological Agency said . The agency has classed the storm as "  violent . " Before veering northwards , the storm passed by the Pacific island of Guam , depositing heavy rain and causing minor damage . If it stays on course towards Japan , it is expected to lose intensity before making landfall on the southern Japanese island of Kyushu . It could , says CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri , still be a category three equivalent on the U.S. scale . This year has seen a lower-than-average number of named storms and typhoons , but double the yearly average of Super Typhoons - six in total so far . The previous severe weather alert , generated by Phanfone , caused more than 1.2 million people to be evacuated to shelters , disrupted air and rail travel as well as the search and rescue efforts for missing hikers on Mount Ontake . Two U.S. airmen and a Japanese surfer remained missing Monday .	Strongest typhoon of 2014 headed towards Japan Typhoon Vongfong follows Phanfone , which hit the country last week Storm has sustained winds of 178 mph and gusts of up to 219 mph If it carries on its current course , storm expected to lose intensity before making landfall
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As the Cannes Film Festival gets underway , all eyes will once again be on the contenders for the festival 's top prize -- the Palme d'Or . As one of the most prestigious awards in world cinema , the Golden Palm has been the launchpad for success for many films over the decades . Quentin Tarantino and Bruce Willis promote the celebrated "  Pulp Fiction " at the festival in ' 94 . But it 's not only Hollywood films that get recognition -- just two Palme d'Or winners have gone on to win Best Picture at the Oscars , and just one American movie is competing in this year 's contest . We 've picked five of the most groundbreaking and iconic Palme d'Or winners from around the world since the award 's inception in 1955 . "  Le monde du silence "  1956  Director : Jacques-Yves Cousteau and Louis Malle Starring : Frdric Dumas , Jacques-Yves Cousteau , Albert Falco Cousteau 's "  Silent World " was the first documentary to walk away with the golden palm , having already won the Best Documentary prize at that year 's Oscars . This deep-sea exploration was one of the first films to show the beauty of the ocean depths in full color , and was also the first French film to win the Palme d'Or -- until 1955 the award had been known as the Grand Prix . What happened next : Cousteau repeated his Oscar success with "  World Without Sun " in 1964 . It was not until Michael Moore 's "  Fahrenheit 9/11 " in 2004 that another documentary would repeat "  Le monde du silence " 's success at Cannes . "  La Dolce Vita "  1960  Director : Federico Fellini Starring : Marcello Mastroianni , Anita Ekberg , Anouk Aime Fellini 's Roman epic has become one of the most important Italian films ever made , loaded with religious iconography , aristocratic decadence and media comment -- the film even coined the term paparazzi . Tracking a week in the life of a 1950s journalist , "  La Dolce Vita " was greeted rapturously by critics in both Europe and America . What happened next : An Oscar followed in 1962 , and Fellini became a pioneer of arthouse films , following his interest in Jungian psychology . The film 's 50th anniversary will be marked at this year 's festival with the airing of a previously unseen behind-the-scenes documentary . "  Apocalypse Now "  1979  Director : Francis Ford Coppola Starring : Martin Sheen , Marlon Brando , Robert Duvall This one nearly did n't even make the festival -- director Francis Ford Coppola needed persuading to premiere what was then an unfinished three-hour edit of the infamous Vietnam epic . His decision to go ahead was vindicated by rapturous applause from the audience at the end credits . Despite the film 's incomplete state , the jury awarded it the Palme d'Or , shared with Volker Schlondorff 's "  The Tin Drum . " What happened next : The film is now widely regarded as an all-time classic , with its iconic helicopter attack scene to the strains of "  Ride of the Valkyries " passing into folklore as one of cinema 's most memorable scenes . Coppola won a Golden Globe for Best Director , and the film picked up two Academy Awards for sound and cinematography . "  The Piano "  1993  Director : Jane Campion Starring : Holly Hunter , Harvey Keitel , Anna Paquin Writer and director Jane Campion is to date the only woman , and the only New Zealander , to scoop the Palme d'Or , shared that year with Chinese drama "  Farewell My Concubine . " Her stunning period drama featured Holly Hunter as a mute pianist , who also walked off with the Best Actress award at the festival . What happened next : The film enjoyed extraordinary success and critical acclaim -- Hunter went on to take Best Actress awards at almost every major awards ceremony , including the Oscars and Golden Globes , while Michael Nyman 's soundtrack became a bestseller . "  Pulp Fiction "  1994  Director : Quentin Tarantino Starring : John Travolta , Uma Thurman , Samuel L Jackson Quentin Tarantino 's eagerly awaited follow-up to "  Reservoir Dogs " will go down in history as a Cannes classic . The collection of bloody vignettes centering around smalltime LA gangsters stormed the festival -- the whole cast was flown over for the premiere , which received rave reviews across the board , cementing Tarantino 's position as one of the world 's hippest directors . What happened next : Tarantino picked up the Best Screenplay gong at the Oscars , Baftas and Golden Globes , with the film scoring a host of other awards and nominations . "  Pulp Fiction " started a life-long love affair with Cannes for Tarantino , who became president of the festival 's jury in 2004 .	"  Le monde du silence " becomes first ever documentary to win in 1956 In 1979 , Coppola 's unfinished version of "  Apocalypse Now " takes top prize Jane Campion is the only female director to win Palme d'Or , for "  The Piano " "  Pulp Fiction " starts Tarantino 's life-long love affair with Cannes in 1994
Forward Operating Base Salerno , Afghanistan  CNN  -- As Presidents Barack Obama and Hamid Karzai parry over troop levels and assistance , "  retrograde " is the operant word I am hearing from U.S. commanders in Afghanistan . A nuanced military term for withdrawal , retrograde defines operations in this insurgency-plagued land . After more than a decade of U.S.-led warfare , American commanders are now insisting their Afghan counterparts take over the fight . The 101st Airborne Division 's Rakkasan Brigade is the battle-space owner of eastern Afghanistan 's restive Khost and Paktia provinces , both of which border Pakistan 's anarchic tribal regions . In the brigade headquarters at Forward Operating Base Salerno -- a building hardened against rocket and mortar attack -- Rakkasan Deputy Commander Col. Tim Sullivan told me , "  Our mission was to go from a partnered role with the ANSF  Afghan National Security Forces  to an advise and assist role . We kind of gave it the ` tough love ' approach . " With the announced U.S. withdrawal in 2014 , American officers have no choice but to push the Afghan security forces forward . What does the future hold for Afghanistan ? It 's a big change for Afghan commanders used to U.S. troops taking the lead and accustomed to having the formidable U.S. firepower and air support . Sullivan talked of turning down a cosseted Afghan commander who demanded helicopter transport to one of his bases . "  We fly them nowhere , " Sullivan told me . "  It 's a big transition . It has to happen . It 's a clash of wills . " Sullivan is the right man for the job . A hulking , gravel-voiced Brooklynite from an Irish Catholic family of seven boys , Sullivan is a West Point graduate who has served in Somalia , Haiti , Iraq and Afghanistan . Sullivan and other U.S. officers in Afghanistan talk about the need to transition to "  Afghan Good Enough " " a sustainable Afghan security force that does it the Afghan way . The U.S. partnering strategy of "  Shohna ba Shohna "  Shoulder to Shoulder  has abruptly given way to "  After You " as Afghan security forces take the lead -- sometimes reluctantly . "  Across the A/O  Area of Operations  , I would n't paint a rosy picture , " Sullivan says . "  We 've had some very good success . We 've had some moderate success . We have not encountered any nightmares . " Across the insurgent heartland of eastern and southern Afghanistan , there 's a palletizing fever as U.S. equipment is packed for shipment . In military briefings , U.S. bases scheduled for imminent closure are highlighted on PowerPoint maps . Long convoys of armored vehicles are making their way back from forward bases as combat outposts are closed or transferred to Afghan security forces . Remaining U.S. bases are groaning with the influx of transiting troops and contractors , housed in new barrios of Alaska tents and "  tin-can " metal housing pods . Turning off the lights in Afghanistan Some bases are being dismantled and returned to nature . Combat Outpost Tillman , named after NFL star and Special Forces soldier Pat Tillman who died in an infamous friendly fire incident , was one of those closed . "  We scraped it clean , " Sullivan said . U.S. anti-IED teams traveled north to blow up the watchtowers . The base is now a soccer field , where Afghan boys play a wolfish style of football . As Obama administration representatives float the big round trial balloon of zero troops in Afghanistan , soldiers here talk about the spring 2013 drawdown of 20 % of the remaining 66,000 US troops , with another 50 % to be gone soon after . How are the Afghans responding to U.S. retrograde ? Among some , there is clearly denial . They simply ca n't imagine a country rich enough , or foolish enough , to just walk away from the enormous investment poured into these bases , many just built during the boom that accompanied Obama 's troop surge . Aid and development money is drying up . I listened to one Afghan government farm worker in insecure Zabul Province insist that a U.S. military development team needed to build a fence around a section of a U.S.-financed Afghan demonstration farm . The U.S. commander patiently told the farmer he should ask his provincial agriculture minister to do it . "  We do n't do projects anymore , " the commander repeatedly said . The farmer , who sported a bright gold wristwatch that signifies inordinate wealth  and sometimes indicates Taliban ties  , retorted that the ministry was "  weak , " so the American "  friends " needed to do it . Many Afghans tell me they are very pessimistic about post-2014 security . One Afghan who has translated for U.S. forces in Khost Province for nine years says , "  The Afghan situation right now is kind of bad . If the American forces withdraw from Afghanistan , I do n't think the Afghan army is strong enough to defend everybody . " Karzai , in his own words , on U.S. troops He told me he hoped coalition forces would keep training the Afghan security forces . "  Right now if the coalition forces would leave , it 's going to be so hard for the Afghan people . " Like many of his colleagues , the educated interpreter , whose father was an Afghan National Police general , is applying for a special U.S. immigration visa . Other Afghans are getting angry . One U.S. commander in southern Afghanistan told me about his Afghan counterpart flaring up when he learned American support was being quickly scaled back . It 's a dictum that "  retrograde under contact "  withdrawal under pressure  is among the most difficult of military operations . At some point when troop levels have dropped , all a force can do is protect itself . As U.S. forces withdraw after well over a decade of war , the insurgents have responded in various ways . IEDs continue to be the weapon of choice . Media-magnet complex attacks , such as the spectacular attacks on Kabul and Camp Bastion when Britain 's Prince Harry was stationed there , broadcast the insurgency is still thriving . In some formerly insecure provinces such as Khost , insurgent attacks have diminished . I asked Sullivan about the contention that attacks dropped because casualty-cautious U.S. commanders ordered fewer combat patrols . Sullivan challenged the idea that U.S. soldiers are not "  out there , " saying soldiers constantly travel the roads on retrograde convoys . "  We 're not finding the mother lodes of caches  insurgent military supplies  when we go out , " he says . "  We 're not getting a fight . " Then I asked about the assessment that Afghan insurgents are just husbanding their forces while the U.S. withdraws . "  Husbanding of forces , " Sullivan quickly agrees . "  I might buy that . " Opinion : U.S. needs significant military presence in Afghanistan	Front-line U.S. soldiers stepping back , forcing Afghans to step up Wissing : "  Shoulder-to-shoulder " policy with Afghan troops is now an "  after you " policy Some Afghans do n't believe that U.S. will leave or that Afghans are ready to take their place But U.S. troops are already dismantling some bases
CNN  -- Federal investigators say they have joined Cleveland Police in their search for a serial rapist , thought to be linked to four rapes and a homicide dating back to 1996 . "  We 're just hoping by reaching out to the media we can reach more people , and someone will recognize this guy , " FBI Special Agent Vicki D. Anderson said Tuesday . "  Obviously we do n't want this guy out there making more victims . " Anderson said forensic evidence has linked the man , who remains unidentified , to the four rape victims , one of whom was killed . Investigators said they discovered the woman 's body in February 1997 in a secluded parking lot underneath a truck . The man 's first known attack occurred in May 1996 when authorities say he allegedly abducted , raped and shot a woman , who survived the attack , according to an FBI statement . On June 18 , 1998 , the same man apparently raped another woman at knifepoint as she walked home in Cleveland . He allegedly raped again on December 8 , 2010 . Authorities say the man 's current whereabouts are not clear . South Korea to chemically castrate rapist "  He 's familiar with that area " said Anderson of the Kinsman area of Cleveland where all the attacks occurred . "  It 's not a touristy area , or the kind of place where somebody would just drive through to check things out . " The suspect is described as an African-American man in his late 30s or early 40s , who is about 5 feet 8 inches tall and 150 pounds . The man is also believed to have a large scar on his cheek , authorities say . The FBI is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information that will lead to his arrest and prosecution , asking the public to call 1-800-CALL-FBI or the Cleveland Police Department at 216-623-5630 . Police say Los Angeles ' ` teardrop rapist ' has returned	Cleveland authorities say they are searching for a serial rapist Three of the women survived the assaults One women was killed ; her body was found in 1997
CNN  -- After receiving nearly 100 reports of stuck gas pedals in Ford and Mazda vehicles , federal regulators said Tuesday they have launched an investigation into the problem , which is a suspected cause of one death and nine injuries . The stuck accelerators are being investigated for their possible role in one fatal accident , 13 nonfatal crashes or fires and eight injury accidents , according to the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration . Ford and Mazda said 591,245 vehicles were potentially affected , according to the automakers ' reports to the NHTSA in 2004 . More than half the vehicles were 2001-2004 model year Ford Escapes . The remaining vehicles were 2001-2004 Mazda Tributes . The NHTSA now has identified 730,000 vehicles potentially affected , expanding the scope of vehicles in question . All 730,000 are 2001-2004 Ford Escape and Mazda Tribute SUVs with V6 engines , according to the NHTSA . Mazda and Ford issued recalls in 2004 on models of the sport utility vehicles that had 3.0 liter six cylinder engines . Several of the reports to the NHTSA involve vehicles not covered by previous recalls , the agency said in a letter to Ford 's Environmental and Safety Compliance Global Director on Thursday . One complaint is based on a fatal crash that occurred in January 2012 , the NHTSA said . Some of the complaints allege that failures may have been related to repairs made in response to safety recalls initiated in 2004 , the investigation summary said . The 2004 Ford and Mazda recalls were for the vehicle speed control cables in their affected vehicles . Letters were also sent to dealers and customers , according to filings on the NHTSA website . "  On your vehicle , it is possible that the accelerator cable may prevent the throttle from returning to the idle position , possibly resulting in elevated engine speeds while driving , " Ford 's letter to customers read . "  An unexpected increase in engine idle speed may increase stopping distance and may result in a vehicle crash without warning . " The Center for Auto Safety petitioned the NHTSA to open a similar investigation on July 8 . The petition was denied Thursday because part of the request is being covered by the agency 's newly opened investigation . The NHTSA has opened the investigation to assess "  the scope , frequency and safety-related consequences of the alleged defect , " the agency said . Neither Ford nor Mazda responded to CNN 's requests for comment .	NHTSA has received nearly 100 reports of stuck gas pedals Ford and Mazda issued some recalls for the problem in 2004 Problem suspected in one death , nine injuries
This year 's Christmas will be hard to top for Joseph Riquelme . Riquelme , creator of iPhone video editing tool Videoshop , gave his parents a gift that brought them to tears . "  Your house is paid off . Merry Xmas , " Riquelme said in a handwritten letter that he shared in a Facebook photo . An undeniably heartwarming video that Riquelme posted on YouTube under the name JoeyTrombone shows the exchange . Riquelme pulls an envelope of out his hoodie and hands it to his mother . She takes a few seconds to read it and gasps , bursting into laughter and tears as she hands it to Riquelme 's father . "  Oh , hijo , " his father says to him after reading the good news . "  Sometimes the best gifts come in the lamest packages . Merry Christmas everyone ! " Riquelme said in a caption accompanying the photo . The video was shared widely after being posted on reddit , drawing more than 1.9 million views since being posted on Friday . "  Good job buddy . You are the type of person in the world who deserves to be rewarded , " one YouTube commenter said . "  This is beautiful ... I want to do this for my parents one day and I know I have to work hard for it , " another said . "  Thank you for this , you made your family proud and you made me get motivated . " Riquelme 's Facebook friends shared similar sentiments , along with some others we all were thinking . "  Way to make everyone else 's 6 pack of Costco brand socks for dad look even worse . "	Joseph Riquelme paid off his parents ' home for Christmas A YouTube video showing the exchange will warm the iciest of hearts "  Way to make everyone else 's 6 pack of Costco brand socks for dad look even worse , " friend jokes
CNN  -- Is anyone else wondering why the Steubenville , Ohio rape victim 's two best friends testified against her ? With this week 's arrest of two other girls who "  menaced " the teen victim on Facebook and Twitter , we have the beginnings of an answer . Rape culture is not only the province of boys . The often hidden culture of girl cruelty can discourage accusers from coming forward and punish them viciously once they do . This week , two teenage boys were found guilty of raping a 16-year-old classmate while she was apparently drunk and passed out during a night of parties last August . Everyone who was there and said nothing that night was complicit ; if we want to prevent another Steubenville , the role of other girls must also be considered . On the night in question , girls watched the victim  Jane Doe  become so drunk she could hardly walk . Why did n't any of them help her ? Why , after Jane Doe endured the agonizing experience of a trial in which she viewed widely circulated photos of herself naked and unconscious , did one of the arrested girls tweet : "  you ripped my family apart , you made my cousin cry , so when I see you xxxxx , it 's gone be a homicide . " Why were two lifelong friends sitting on the other side of the courtroom ? The accusation of rape disrupts the intricate social ecosystem of a high school , one in which girls often believe that they must preserve both their own reputations and relationships with boys above all else . This is a process that begins for girls long before their freshman year and can have violent consequences . From the earliest age , girls are flooded with conflicting messages about their sexuality . They are socialized to be "  good girls " above all : kind , polite and selfless . Yet they are also told -- via media images , the clothing that 's marketed to them and the messages conveyed by some adults -- that they will be valued , given attention and loved for being sexy . The result is a near-constant anxiety about not being feminine or sexy enough . Opinion : Steubenville case shows how the rules have changed Meanwhile , girls consume romance narratives that tell them the most important relationships they can have are with boys who love them . They also observe a huge amount of psychological aggression among girls on television and in movies , often portrayed as comedy . Last year , researchers found that girls of elementary school age were more likely than boys to commit acts of social aggression at school after viewing them on television . No surprise , then , that when the first crushes are confided in elementary school , it 's not uncommon for girls to turn on each other if they believe a friend is competing for the attentions of a boy they like . It often does not occur to them to reprimand the boy . This pattern is fairly innocuous in childhood , but by adolescence , it could have far more serious implications : Instead of grabbing the hand of a girl too drunk to consent and taking her to a safe place , some girls may instead angrily watch the drunken girl leave with a boy , figuring she deserves what she gets . From late elementary school onward , the label "  slut " hovers dangerously over girls ' every move . Most girls who are called sluts are not even sexually active . The word is used to distinguish "  good " girls from "  bad , " and the definition is constantly shifting . Few girls are let in on the criteria for who gets called a slut in the first place . The insecurity creates an incentive to call out someone else lest you be next . In 2011 , a study by the American Association of University Women found that girls in grades 7-12 were far more likely than boys to experience sexual harassment , including rumors , both in person and online . And Leora Tanenbaum interviewed 50 girls and women for her book , "  Slut ! Growing Up Female With a Bad Reputation ; " all of them told her girls , far more than boys , were at the forefront of the slut rumor mill . I am not saying that Jane Doe was raped because of girls ' silence . Girls may choose not to speak up for many reasons , but it 's hard to ignore the power of a culture that pushes them to choose boys over each other and punish other girls to protect their own reputations . We must talk to girls about their responsibility in situations like this . If we want to prevent another Steubenville , we need to teach children from an early age about gender-based violence . The word "  slut " is not just an epithet ; it is a word that has given adolescents permission to abandon and hurt each other when a girl needs support most . Girls must understand not only their moral obligation but their power to be allies to each other at parties and other potentially unsafe spaces for girls . If boys knew that girls banded together to support each other , they would be less inclined to share on social media , much less commit , these horrific acts of sexual violence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rachel Simmons .	Rachel Simmons : Some of Steubenville rape victim 's girlfriends testified against her She says ` rape culture ' affects girl behavior too , silences them when another girl is in trouble She says girls absorb message from early age : be sexy , compete for boys ' attention Simmons : Labeling others "  slut " allows girls to withhold help . They must be taught different
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The security video system in Justin Bieber 's mansion could be the best witness to the teen pop star 's alleged egg attack on a neighbor . "  It was extensive , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Lt. David Thompson said of the system . "  I believe it was installed very well and covered all areas of Mr. Bieber 's house . His security system was well operated . " A dozen deputies , armed with a search warrant from a judge , seized the hard drives that hold the security video from last week . Detectives are scouring the video frame-by-frame for clues as to who tossed eggs from Bieber 's property onto the house next door in the exclusive Calabasas , California , community last Thursday night , Thompson said . "  It will either prove or disprove , or maybe neither . " If video from that night is missing , detectives will call for help , he said . "  We have a high-tech crew that works on such things , depending on what we find they can tell if it 's been deleted , altered or stopped at a certain time or turned off , " Thompson said . "  If it 's 24-hour security video and it does n't show a particular day , you can make your own conclusions . " While the neighbor who accused Bieber of launching the egg assault does not have a similar video system , TMZ did obtain video of the incident recorded by the accuser . While the attackers ca n't be seen , they are heard . Detectives could use test that audio to determine whether there 's a match to Bieber 's voice . Bieber and his representatives have stayed silent about the incident , declining to comment when contacted by CNN . Although the singer spoke to deputies during their search -- telling them who was in the house , for example -- he has not talked to investigators about the felony vandalism allegations , Thompson said . His lawyer would need to be present for that to happen , he said . Justin Bieber 's bad year : A guide Bieber 's wake up call Bieber was asleep when investigators knocked on his door Wednesday morning , Thompson said . The security staff answered and let them in . The warrant allowed deputies to go room by room through the sprawling estate , which is how they busted Lil Za -- real name Xavier Smith -- who was a house guest . They found suspected Ecstasy -- aka Molly -- and Xanax near the 20-year-old rapper 's bed , Thompson said . Lil Za was arrested on a felony drug charge . He was later charged with felony vandalism for allegedly busting a jail phone while waiting to be bailed out . Despite all the egg jokes dished out , this is a serious case , Thompson said . The neighbor 's house suffered an estimated $ 20,000 in damage , which makes the alleged vandalism a felony . It could land the offender in jail , but at the every least a long probation term and community service . Add to that the legal bills and time attending court hearings . Deputies at the Lost Hills Sheriff 's Station , which serves an affluent section of Los Angeles County just east of Malibu , have become familiar with Bieber , 19 , since he moved into a $ 6.4 million home in The Oaks neighborhood two years ago . Neighbors have dialed 911 several times to complain that the teenage multimillionaire was speeding down their residential streets in his high-performance cars . One neighbor accused Bieber of spitting in his face during a heated confrontation last March . Deputies have responded to complaints about loud parties at Bieber 's place . Except for warnings , nothing was done . The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office concluded that they could n't prove the spitting or speeding cases in court , so they declined to prosecute . Prosecutors also rejected a misdemeanor battery complaint from a photographer who accused Bieber of attacking him in the parking lot of a Calabasas shopping center as he was taking photos of Bieber and his then-girlfriend , Selena Gomez , in May 2012 . "  We did n't do this search warrant to send a message , " Thompson said Tuesday . "  That 's not what we do , but we hope maybe that understanding the gravity of this will change some of the behavior . " If detectives find evidence that Justin Bieber attacked his neighbor with eggs , they will present their findings to the district attorney for possible prosecution . This could happen in a few days or weeks , Thompson said . Until then , Bieber is free to roam the world , he said . "  I do n't feel that he 'll flee in any way . " Bieber 's Brazil adventures : Truth or idol gossip ?	Security cameras "  covered all areas of Mr. Bieber 's house , " investigator says A "  high-tech crew " could help detectives if security video was erased Detectives will take any evidence of Bieber 's involvement in egging to the DA Maybe the egg probe will change Bieber 's behavior , detective says
PERUGIA , Italy  CNN  -- A judge Tuesday convicted Rudy Guede , a native of the Ivory Coast , in last year 's murder of a British woman in Italy and sentenced him to 30 years in prison . Briton Meredith Kercher was found dead in her Perugia apartment last November . Judge Paolo Micheli also ruled that adequate evidence exists to try an American woman , Amanda Knox , and her former Italian boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , in the killing of Meredith Kercher , said defense attorneys and Francisco Maresca , the lawyer for the victim 's family . Their trial will begin December 4 . Guede , Knox and Sollecito have all denied wrongdoing . Guede 's attorney said he will appeal the conviction and sentence . Kercher , a 21-year-old exchange student at the University of Perugia , was found nearly a year ago , dead in her bed , with a knife wound to her neck . Official reports said Kercher may have been sexually assaulted before she died and that she bled to death . Members of Kercher 's family spoke to reporters following the court proceeding . John Kercher Jr. , one of the woman 's brothers , said it was "  overwhelming " to be in the same room as Guede when the judge convicted and sentenced him . But Lyle Kercher , a second brother , said that "  pleased " was n't the right word for the family 's feelings , noting that his sister was murdered . "  Satisfied " was more appropriate given the circumstances , he said . At his lawyers ' request , Guede , hoping for a lesser sentence , received a separate fast-track trial from Knox and Sollecito . Lawyers for Sollecito , 24 , and Knox , 21 , asked that their clients -- who have been in jail since shortly after the murder -- be allowed to stay under house arrest if indicted . However , Sollecito 's attorney , Luca Maori , and Knox 's attorney , Carlo Dalla Vedova , said the judge had not ruled on their request . They expect an answer in coming days , they said . Prosecutors allege Guede committed sexual violence against Kercher with the help of Knox and Sollecito . They have said the three then strangled and stabbed the British student and took money , credit cards and cell phones in an attempt to make it look like the crime occurred during a robbery . Guede has admitted being in the villa when Kercher was killed , but has said an unknown assailant killed her while he was out of the room . Police say a bloody footprint from a shoe next to Kercher 's body came from Sollecito . They also say investigators found traces of blood belonging to both Knox and Kercher mixed together in a bathroom adjacent to the room where Kercher died . Both Knox and Sollecito have given what prosecutors have said are confusing and contradictory accounts of what happened the night Kercher was killed . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Man sentenced to 30 years jail for murder of British student Meredith Kercher Judge orders two others , one American , one Italian to stand trial for alleged roles Kercher was found dead in Italian villa last November Prosecutors say the three killed her after sexual assault
CNN  -- It 's almost beach time ! But the beach is n't the only way to cool off . After decades of decline and neglect , cities across America are embracing their riverbanks $ " and the results are refreshing . From scenic parks to concert venues to wine trails , you might be surprised by what these 11 riverfront towns have to offer . Beacon , New York Why go : Just an hour and a half north of NYC , Beacon 's Hudson Riverfront was long dominated by scrapyards and oil tanks . But thanks to a 20 year restoration effort , a prime parcel at Long Dock Park opened to the public in July 2011 , with a dedicated kayak pavilion , fishing pier and rehabilitated wetlands . See photos of all the riverfront towns What to do : Nearby Dia : Beacon 's contemporary art collection includes exhibitions and installations by Richard Serra and Sol LeWitt  3 Beekman St. , 845/440 -0100 , tickets from $ 10  . Just up the bluff , Chrystie House Bed & Breakfast feels like a true Hudson Valley estate , with an elegant , Federal-style main house set on immaculate grounds  300 South Ave. 845/765 -0251 , doubles from $ 175  . Hood River , Oregon Why go : Sporting an outdoorsy , Oregon appeal , Hood River is probably best known for its wind and kitesurfing -- considered by some to be the best in the world . But the temperate climate and fertile orchards that surround also make for ideal farm-to-table dining -- both at local restaurants and the homespun wine vineyards . What to do : Big Winds offers windsurfing lessons for folks of all skill levels  207 Front St. , 888/509 -4210 , beginner classes from $ 65  . Nearby , the Best Western Plus Hood River Inn is one of the only hotels in town located on the Columbia ; some rooms with private patios overlooking the Gorge  1108 East Marina Wy. , 800/828 -7873 , doubles from $ 111  . Budget Travel : 15 more places every kid should see before 15 Minneapolis , Minnesota Why go : Over the past decade , Minneapolis 's Riverfront District has blossomed from a hodgepodge of abandoned flour mills to a magnetic cultural center in its own right -- from the Jean Nouvel-designed Guthrie Theater to innovative green spaces like Gold Medal Park . What to do : Drink in panoramic views of the Mississippi River from the Mill City Museum 's observation deck  704 South 2nd St. , 612/341 -7555 , admission $ 11  . For the river 's full effect , cross the pedestrian-and-bike-only Stone Arch Bridge for a close encounter with the St. Anthony Falls . Memphis , Tennessee Why go : Straddling one of the widest points along the Mississippi , Memphis has a rich history of riverboat commerce that dates back centuries . This July , the Beale Street Landing project will begin to open up its waterfront even more , letting touring riverboats dock right alongside its bustling entertainment district and creating additional room for outdoor activities like walking , jogging and cycling . What to do : Hop aboard the Mud Island Monorail for a rare bird 's eye view of the river . Your roundtrip ticket can be a part of a package that also includes admission to the Mississippi River Museum , with fascinating cultural exhibits on the Lower Mississippi River Valley , such as an interactive exhibit which gives you the opportunity to pilot a barge and experience a flood 's devastation  125 North Front St. , 800/507 -6507 , Museum Package $ 10 , closed during winter months  . San Antonio , Texas Why go : One of the first American cities to fully realize its river 's potential , San Antonio created River Walk , an otherworldly oasis , with arched bridges , tiny waterfalls , and quiet reflection pools all set one story below street level . Just last year , the Mission Reach branch extended the trail three miles further , passing through native plants and woodlands . What to do : Wash down a mango pork carnita with handcrafted margaritas at Barriba Cantina  111 W. Crockett St. # 214 , 210/228 -9876 , entrees from $ 10  after you 're done exploring . Nearby , the 17-room Riverwalk Vista with its expansive ten foot windows and rustic charm is one of the area 's few true boutique hotels . It places you within a pebble 's toss of the River Walk  262 Losoya St. , 866/898 -4782 , rooms from $ 127  . Augusta , Kentucky Why go : Augusta 's riverfront setting is so idyllic that a movie adaptation of Mark Twain 's "  Huckleberry Finn " was filmed here . Its ferry service -- one of the last remaining on the Ohio River -- has been operating since 1798 . What to do : Trace singer Rosemary Clooney 's life story  including tidbits on nephew George  at her childhood riverfront home  106 East Riverside Dr. , 866/898 -8091 , tickets $ 5  . Budget Travel : 10 most sacred spots on earth Great Falls , Montana Why go : Great Falls ' ties to the Missouri River go back to the days of Lewis and Clark , when they portaged up the namesake waterfalls on their journey west . Trace their route via footpath along the River 's Edge Trail , beginning in the historic downtown and passing through gorgeous prairie canyons . What to do : Of Great Falls ' accommodations , La Quinta Inn & Suites Great Falls is one of the few hotels with actual river frontage  600 River Dr. S. , 406/761 -2600 , doubles from $ 94  . Two miles east , the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail Interpretive Center is built into a bluff with dramatic views of the river  4201 Giant Springs Rd. , 406/727 -8733 , tickets $ 8  . 8 religious wonders to see in the U.S. Hermann , Missouri Why go : Hermann 's riverside perch along the Missouri makes it the most scenic of Missouri 's Wine Trail towns . Self-guided walking tours of the German town 's riverfront include historic German heritage sites , restored buildings , and quaint restaurants and saloons . What to do : Taste unique varietals at vineyards like Stone Hill Winery , with its beautifully restored cellar and tasting room  1110 Stone Hill Hwy. , 800/909 -9463  . Nearby , the Alpenhorn Gasthaus is your best bet for lodging -- its four rooms set on several acres of pastoral farmland  179 East Hwy . 100 , 573/486 -8228 , doubles from $ 145  . New Orleans , Louisiana Why go : You might forgive New Orleans for turning its back to the water , but the Mississippi River will forever be part of the city 's blood . Later this Fall , a mile-long riverside greenbelt adjacent to the hip Faubourg Marigny neighborhood is slated to be unveiled , with jogging paths , concert venues , and unsurpassed views . What to do : You 're in New Orleans , after all : Eat . Just north of the new park sits Elizabeth 's Restaurant , whose decadent brunch offerings like duck waffles and praline bacon have garnered a cult following  601 Gallier St. , 504/944 -9272  . Come evening , kick up your heels at Mimi 's in the Marigny  2601 Royal Street , 504/872 -9868  , a neighborhood fave with live jazz and delicious tapas . Best bites in the Big Easy Davenport , Iowa Why go : Davenport 's entire downtown fronts the Mississippi River , with a slew of waterfront parks connected by its Riverfront Trail . Summer music festivals like River Roots Live are a big draw , especially when they coincide with food fairs like Ribfest . What to do : Catch a Quad Cities River Bandits game at Modern Woodmen Park , a minor league baseball stadium so close to the Mississippi that homeruns land right in the river  209 South Gaines Street , tickets from $ 5  . A crisp Old Davenport Gold from the Front Street Brewery  Iowa 's oldest brew pub  is the perfect end to the day  208 East River Dr. 563/322 -1569 , pitchers $ 13.50  . Budget Travel : 23 American beaches you want to be on right now Cincinnati , Ohio Why go : Cincinnati 's taken an especially hands-on approach to reclaiming its waterfront , clearing a path through old highways and industrial parks . This fall , it 's slated to open the first phase of a $ 120 million , 45 acre riverfront park at its center $ " the crown jewel in a decades ' long revitalization effort . What to do : Montgomery Inn at the Boathouse is a favorite for local barbecue , as well as its unique riverfront setting  925 Riverside Dr. , 513/721 -7427 , pork loin back $ 21  . To get even more up close , hop aboard a historic riverboat for a cruise along the Ohio River  Historic Harbor Sightseeing Cruise , $ 18  . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	The Beale Street Landing project in Memphis will further open up the waterfront Kitesurfing and farm-to-table dining keep visitors happy in Hood River , Oregon Great Falls , Montana offers Lewis and Clark history lessons
CNN  -- Some of the $ 85 million in hurricane relief supplies given away as federal surplus will be sent back to Louisiana and given to nonprofit agencies for distribution , the state 's hurricane recovery office said Tuesday . Hand towels sit unused in Fort Worth , Texas . Goods ranged from cots to camp stoves to coffee makers . "  Today we can report that we have been notified that some of the surplus property has been located in Texas and will be coming to the state of Louisiana for distribution by Unity New Orleans , " said Paul Rainwater , the executive director of the Louisiana Recovery Authority . A CNN investigation revealed last week that FEMA gave away the supplies as government surplus , even though agencies like Unity -- which works to resettle hurricane victims -- were still seeking the kind of supplies given away . After the disclosure , Rainwater 's organization asked the Federal Emergency Management Agency to return some of the extensive stockpiles of household goods that had been purchased as "  starter kits " for people living in trailers after Hurricane Katrina . After CNN reported on the giveaway , other Louisiana officials also asked that the supplies be redirected to the state , which originally passed on them . John Medica , director of Louisiana 's Federal Property Assistance Agency , told CNN he was unaware Katrina victims still needed the items because no agency had contacted his office . Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , an outspoken critic of FEMA 's response to the hurricane , told CNN the supply giveaway was "  just a shame . " "  It 's just another example of the failings of the federal bureaucracy , " Landrieu said last week . She wrote Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff to request an explanation . FEMA Administrator David Paulison on Sunday defended the agency 's decision , telling CNN that Louisiana had been offered some of the stockpiles , but that state officials had declined the goods . Rainwater said state officials "  will move to quickly get these supplies in the hands of those who need them . " "  Moving forward , we have made it clear that I am to be the point of contact for FEMA when supplies for Katrina and Rita victims are set aside for our state , " he said . "  We will also be informing nonprofits about how to access such supplies , so that we can all better serve our citizens who are struggling to rebuild their lives . " CNN 's Abbie Boudreau and Scott Zamost contributed to this report .	Some of the $ 85 million in supplies will be given to state nonprofit agencies CNN investigation revealed FEMA gave away supplies as government surplus FEMA administrator has defended the agency 's decision to give away items
CNN  -- A strong odor from an unidentified gas led firefighters to evacuate 151 homes in a Philadelphia-area community , a fire department said . Firefighters began evacuating homes from part of Skippack Township after a resident complained of an odor early Sunday evening , the township 's fire department said . With the help of meters , firefighters learned a gaseous volatile organic compound was coming from the basement sump pumps in several homes , the department said . They did n't immediately know what the gas was . Samples were taken to two labs for tests , and results are expected Monday afternoon , Skippack Township Fire Chief Haydn Marriott said . Volatile organic compounds cover a wide range of gases that can come from thousands of products , such as paints and lacquers , paint strippers , cleaning supplies , pesticides and permanent markers , according to the Environmental Protection Agency . The Red Cross opened a shelter at an elementary school for evacuated residents who needed a place to stay , the fire department said . Firefighters were testing homes ' gas levels again Monday , and evacuated residents were being allowed to return to homes where levels were low , Marriott said . Skippack Township is about 25 miles northwest of Philadelphia . United flight diverted due to odor CNN 's Haimy Assefa contributed to this report .	NEW : Residents allowed to return to homes where tests reveal low levels , fire chief says A volatile organic compound was coming from sump pumps , a fire department says About 150 homes have been evacuated in Skippack Township
CNN  -- Butch Harmon could hardly believe what he was seeing . Two of the most recognizable faces on the planet were casually shooting the breeze as they swept down the fairway in Florida . While the White House press pack fumed outside the gates , President Obama enjoyed a leisurely 18 holes with the world 's number one golfer Tiger Woods . If ever there was a powerhouse pairing , this was it . "  It was really amazing , " renowned golf coach Harmon told CNN 's Living Golf show about that momentous February day when he had a greenside view . "  If you 'd have told me 20 years ago that a black man would be the President of the United States I would have said you 're crazy . "  And if you 'd have told me 20 years ago that a black golfer was going to be the greatest golfer that ever walked the planet I 'd say you 're crazy , and there they go . " Harmon is already more than familiar with Woods , having played an influential role in his formative years , sculpting the swing that would capture eight major championships by the age of 26 . He has also coached other stellar names in the world of golf , such as fellow American Phil Mickelson and South African Ernie Els -- both with four majors to their name -- as well as Australians Greg Norman and Adam Scott , the current Masters champion . But never before in his illustrious career had he been afforded the chance to offer a few tips to the leader of the free world -- himself a golf fanatic . The U.S. President spent hours in a teaching studio at The Floridian resort , alongside Butch 's son Claude -- also a coach to some of the game 's leading lights -- as they fine-tuned a swing that by Harmon 's evaluation needed some work . "  President Obama loves golf , " he explained . "  He 's not very good , he 's probably an 18 or 20 handicap , plays left-handed , did n't hit the ball very far with a weak fade but we got him where he could draw and hit about 250 , 260 . "  When he gets out of office in another three years and he has a chance to play , he could probably get down to a 10 or 12 handicap -- but he loves to play and he knows so much about everything . He loved the place . He said ` Man , I 'm coming back here . ' "  We 'd love to  have kept  the film of the lesson we gave him but as soon as he walked out the secret service took everything and they had to watch us delete it all from the computers . "  In this day and age with the multimedia stuff all over the world , he did n't want it to show up on YouTube . "  I said to this one secret service guy , ' I actually went on YouTube to look at the president 's swing and it was terrible , you actually might want some of these shots because they 're better than the ones you have . These look pretty good ! ' " The President and a clutch of his closest friends bunkered down at The Floridian for a weekend 's vacation -- his erstwhile secret service detail , naturally , in tow -- on the invitation of the resort 's owner , Jim Crane . Crane , owner of the Houston Astros baseball team , and U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk joined Obama for one of his two rounds on the Sunday , and making up the numbers just happened to be a 14-time major winner . Not that Woods is a stranger to the President . The 37-year-old delivered a speech at Obama 's inauguration back in 2009 , though he has always tried to stay away from politics throughout his career . But whether Woods is a Democrat , Republican , or apolitical , the invitation to play with the President is not one to be ignored , according to Harmon . "  In all honesty it does n't matter what your politics are , if you get the chance to play golf with the President -- which is the highest honor in our country -- whether you voted for him or not or agree with the politics , it 's a great honor . "  When the President drove up and he instantly went right over and said , ` Tiger it was great to see how well you played at Torrey Pines when you won the  Farmers Insurance Open  tournament . ' "  He was into it , he wanted to play with Tiger , he was asking about his swing . It was great , it was fun to watch , and it was fun to see it and fun to be part of it . " The Harmons have a rich history of rubbing shoulders with Washington power brokers . Claude Snr . was the last club professional to win a major championship when he secured the Masters title in 1948 . His four sons Butch , Craig , Bill , and Dick all became golf professionals and had a keen eye for teaching , just like their father . And from a young age they knew that Claude 's golfing prowess opened some pretty special doors . "  My father played with so many presidents himself , " Harmon explained . "  He played with Eisenhower and he played with Ford , Nixon , and I got to play with a lot of them too when I was younger . "  I think if my father was still alive he 'd be very proud of all of us . He 'd be proud of the four sons , he 'd be proud of his grandson because in reality we 're just carrying on what he taught us and what he did and we 're a very proud family . "  He had the greatest eye I think of anyone that 's ever taught and he saw things that other people did n't see and quickly , he knew how to fix them , he 'd watch you hit five or six balls and he 'd know exactly what you were doing wrong . " It was that wisdom passed down from father to son that led Harmon to believe that the 13-year-old kid presented to him in 1993 could go on to be one of the greatest players the game had ever seen . Woods ' father Earl had noted the work Harmon had done with Greg Norman and asked if he could bring his son over to hit some balls . The session was filmed by Butch 's young son Claude . "  You 've seen the footage , he 's a tall skinny kid in tennis shoes hitting balls and you just saw this natural talent that this kid had , " Butch said . "  I asked him so many different kinds of questions about how do you do this ? Why do you do that ? He did n't know it at the time but I was giving him an examination , trying to find out really what ticked in his head , what he knew about golf . "  The kid was special , he was just a special person you could see it . It was no surprise to me that he turned out to be who he was . "	Butch and Claude Harmon relive the day President Obama played golf with Tiger Woods The pair enjoyed a round behind closed doors at The Floridian resort in February Butch was Woods ' coach for nine years during which time he won eight major titles Claude Harmon Snr . won the Masters in 1948 and started golf coaching dynasty
East Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- Two days after a Connecticut mayor delivered an errant comment about eating tacos to support East Haven Latinos , some of whom are the alleged victims of police mistreatment , Mayor Joseph Maturo Jr. apparently got his wish . Some 500 tacos were delivered to his office Thursday after a Latino activist group called Junta for Progressive Action launched a text-for-tacos campaign to draw attention to the comment , which Maturo later apologized for . In the interview Tuesday , a local reporter pointed out that there were no Latino officers on East Haven 's police force . "  And your point being ? " Maturo responded . Asked what he planned to do for the Latino community in light of the discrimination allegations , the mayor said , "  I might have tacos when I go home , I 'm not quite sure yet . " That set off the activist group , a local branch of the Reform Immigration for America organization , which said that anytime someone texts the word "  taco " to 69866 , it will deliver a taco to the mayor on their behalf . They 've received more than 2,600 texts , the group said in a statement Thursday . "  The mayor has shown a total lack of respect for the constituents he has been sworn to serve to the best of his ability , " said Henry Fernandez , spokesman for the group . Maturo twice apologized for the comments , saying his words were largely a product of stress . Still , some 500 tacos were placed inside his office ; the rest are already being rerouted to local food-assistance outlets . "  The town of East Haven has received an abundance of tacos as a result of the campaign initiated by the group ` Reform Immigration for America , ' " said Maturo in a statement . "  Recognizing that there are many in need in our state , we have arranged for all of the tacos to be donated to local soup kitchens and pantries , including the Downtown Evening Soup Kitchen in New Haven . " He added that "  the events of the past few days have focused our town , and my administration , on the need to deal sensitively and compassionately with the challenges currently facing our town . " On Tuesday , FBI agents arrested four East Haven police officers accused of playing a role in abuse of Latino residents and business owners , performing illegal searches , making false arrests and harassing immigrant rights advocates . The arrests are the first to stem from a federal investigation into racial profiling in the city and follow a scathing December report from the U.S. Justice Department that accused the town 's police of engaging in "  discriminatory policing against Latinos . " CNN 's Sheila Steffen and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Some 500 tacos were delivered to office of the East Haven mayor It was part of a text-for-taco campaign in response to the mayor 's comments Tuesday Mayor had remarked he would support Latinos by eating tacos Those tacos and more are expected to be given to local food-assistance outlets
CNN  -- Trayvon Martin 's father says his heart is broken but his faith is not . "  God blessed Me & Sybrina with Tray and even in his death I know my baby proud of the FIGHT we along with all of you put up for him GOD BLESS , " Tracy Martin wrote , in the first of three tweets sent about 30 minutes after the not-guilty decision was read in the Sanford , Florida , courtroom . By midnight , it had been retweeted more than 20,000 times . Neither Tracy Martin nor Sybrina Fulton , Trayvon 's mother , was in the courtroom Saturday night when a six-woman jury acquitted George Zimmerman in the death of their son , Trayvon . An attorney for the family said he told family members it would be better if they went home so they could attend church in the morning . Attorney Darryl Parks did n't say where Martin and Fulton were spending the night but called it a "  safe location . " In his tweets , Martin thanked the family 's supporters and the people who will join them to "  make sure that this does n't happen again . " Martin closed by saying : "  Even though I am broken hearted my faith is unshattered I WILL ALWAYS LOVE MY BABY TRAY . " Later , Fulton sent out a message that offered thanks to God , whom she said she leans on for support . "  Lord during my darkest hour I lean on you , " she said . "  You are all that I have . At the end of the day , GOD is still in control . Thank you all for your prayers and support . I will love you forever Trayvon !!! In the name of Jesus !!! " Tracy Martin and Fulton were in the courtroom for most of the trial , leaving briefly when photos of their dead son were shown one time to the jury . Each of them testified during the two-week trial . They both said they believed it was their son 's voice crying for help on the recording of a 911 call made the night in February 2012 when Trayvon Martin was shot and killed . But two police investigators told the jury that Tracy Martin had said ` no ' when they asked him the same question . The 911 call was played several times , ending with the gunshot that killed Trayvon Martin . The emotional toll of that , of testifying and sitting through all the testimony and the jury selection process was difficult for the family to endure , Parks said . Zimmerman could still be held responsible for Martin 's death Benjamin Crump , the family 's lead attorney , said Trayvon Martin would have been proud of his parents . "  Your tireless work in the name of your son has made Sanford and many other cities just a little safer for all our children , " he said . "  I know Trayvon is up there , proud at the changes that you as his parents have inspired in his name . " When asked what he has to say to Trayvon Martin 's parents , Zimmerman 's brother Robert Zimmerman Jr. said , "  I think it would be remiss of me not to say , I understand tonight , I understand their pain . And there are no winners . They will not win or lose anything more than they already have lost , which is their son 's life , by any kind of verdict for George . "  I applaud them for asking for the verdict to be respected . ... And I will pray for them . " Analysis : The race factor CNN 's Allison Gilbert contributed to this story .	NEW : Attorney says Martin family is in secure location , will go to church Sunday NEW : Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton had been in court for most of the trial NEW : George Zimmerman 's brother says he will pray for family Martin sent out three tweets ; Fulton sent one
CNN  -- A landlord wants the Ohio Civil Rights Commission on Thursday to reconsider its finding that she violated the law by posting a "  white only " sign at her swimming pool . Jamie Hein has asked the commission to reverse its initial ruling that found she violated the Ohio Civil Rights Act by putting up a sign that read "  Public Swimming Pool , White Only " at her Cincinnati duplex . The commission , meeting this week in Columbus , concluded last year that the sign "  restricts the social contact between Caucasians and African Americans as well as reinforcing discrimination actions that are aimed at oppressing all ` people of color . ' " The case was brought by Michael Gunn , a white man who said had unrestricted access to the pool area for himself and his guests during the nearly two years he lived in the duplex , he said in a December interview . Gunn , a software engineer , said he and his girlfriend , who is also white , lived upstairs ; their 31-year-old landlord lived downstairs . However , he said their relationship soured in May 2011 when he invited his 10-year-old biracial daughter to visit and swim in the pool . "  Complainant states that the owner , Jamie Hein , accused his daughter of making the pool ` cloudy ' because she used chemicals in her hair , " the commission said in its summary . "  Days later , the owner posted a sign on the gate to the pool which read , ` Public Swimming Pool , White Only . ' " Hein said she received the sign from a friend and posted it in early May , the summary says . Several people interviewed by the commission staff confirmed that they had seen the sign , it added . Hein did not respond to a request for comment at the time . But she told ABC News in December that she collects antiques . She said the sign , which was dated 1931 and from Alabama , was a gift from a friend . "  I do n't have any problem with race at all . It 's a historical sign , " she told ABC . Gunn said he was outraged by the sign and made arrangements to find another place to live as soon as he could . "  We were extremely upset and moved out on June 21 , 2011 , in order to not expose my daughter to the sign and the humiliation of the message , " Gunn wrote in his complaint . He said he never confronted Hein about the matter , but has no doubt that the sign was intended for his daughter .	Jamie Hein is asking the state civil rights commission to reconsider its ruling The commission has previously ruled Hein violated the Ohio Civil Rights Act Hein put up a "  Public Swimming Pool , White Only " sign at her pool A former tenant says the sign was put up after his biracial daughter swam in the pool
CNN  Even if you 're sweating on the treadmill and grunting at the weight machine , you 're probably still forgetting 57 important muscles that define part of who you are and how others perceive you and even help manage your mental well-being . They 're in your face . Face Love Fitness , a pop-up boutique in downtown Manhattan , offers face workouts and massages to keep the skin and muscles of the face and neck healthy , looking young and feeling good . "  The popular notion that one should avoid touching one 's face for fear of creating wrinkles is completely incorrect . Skin responds beautifully to mindful touch , " says Rachel Lang , an esthetician  skin care therapist  , who co-founded the Face Love skin gym with massage therapist Heidi Frederick and personal trainer Kate Gyllenhaal . Not all skin experts agree . Some dermatologists , including Dr. Patricia K. Farris , a clinical associate professor at Tulane University , say that exercising facial muscles is counterintuitive to dermatologists . They treat lines and wrinkles caused by facial muscle movement , called dynamic wrinkles , with the muscle relaxing medication botulinum toxin , commonly known by the brand name "  Botox . " "  I do think there could be some value to relaxation and stress relief provided by massage , but exercising facial muscles will not make you look younger and may even make you look older , " says Farris . But proponents of massage say healthy , youthful skin is well-worked skin . "  When you stimulate pressure receptors under the skin , as you do in a moderate pressure massage , you increase the temperature of the skin , you slow down the physiology , you reduce the release of stress hormones and enhance immune function " according to Tiffany Field , Ph.D. , director of the Touch Research Institute at the University of Miami School of Medicine . "  Just as massage and exercise contributes to health in general , it would also be expected to contribute to skin health . " This is the philosophy at the skin gym , where they say the massage and movement is detoxifying and increases oxygen and blood circulation to the skin , which can result in fewer wrinkles , a firmer jaw line , improved skin tone , and even reduced headaches and eyestrain , according to Lang . "  It is like any exercise , you need to do it two to three times a week for the best results . " It may look a little silly , contorting your facial expressions as Lang drags a plastic roller across your face , or trying to lift your eyebrows against the resistance of an elastic band across your forehead , but the effect of working out your face is pleasantly refreshing . Under the skin there is an area of fatty tissue called the subcutaneous layer . It diminishes with age . The loss of this area contributes to decreased firmness , giving facial skin an older , tired look . Exercising the facial muscles tones and lifts the skin because your facial muscles are attached to your skin and the bone like a web that forms the shape of your face . Through the massages and resistance training , Face Love Fitness claims muscles in the face become stronger and taut , rejuvenating the appearance of the face . "  This is great for everyone , it does n't matter what age or gender or skin type . This is beauty and health anti-aging from the inside out . It supports and amplifies whatever routine you already have and will give you positive results regardless of your skin condition , " says Lang . "  Because it refreshes and detoxifies , the massages are also good for hangovers , " she adds . "  We all know that keeping the body fit with exercise is essential . Why do we stop at the neck ?! " asks Gyllenhaal .	A boutique in Manhattan offers face workouts and massages Massage and movement may be detoxifying to your skin
CNN  -- In "  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , " the threat from villainous Lord Voldemort is ignored until it 's almost too late . "  Harry and his friends start Dumbledore 's army to bring awareness to this , " said iReporter Andrew Slack . "  Meanwhile , our world ignores AIDS , Darfur and global warming . " Harry Potter Alliance members attend a midnight screening in Burlington , Massachusetts . Some Potter fans , under the leadership of Slack , have come together to bring the spirit of "  Dumbledore 's army " to life . Slack is the executive director of the Harry Potter Alliance , a nonprofit organization dedicated to engaging Potter fans in social activism . Slack 's group has taken on many issues over the past few years . "  Because we 're basing it on a modern myth , you can point to many issues at once , " he said . In the "  Potter " books , "  implications toward public policy are profound , " Slack said . Slack , a former sketch comedian with an interest in building social movements , came up with the idea in 2005 after reading Potter books to children at a Boys and Girls Club , something he said transformed him . "  I saw that the books were n't just empowering personally , " he said . "  I think the books speak to something that is very unique , because -LSB- "  Potter " author -RSB- J.K. Rowling has been able to express a story about the importance of love . " Slack founded the group with his friends Paul and Joe DeGeorge , members of a "  wizard rock " band called "  Harry and the Potters , " as well as comedian Seth Reibstein and music therapist Sarah Newberry . Slack sees parallels between the magic in the "  Potter " books and expanding one 's mind to come up with solutions in a creative way . One of his mottos is "  Do n't ignore the magic of being alive . " One of the group 's projects has been to gather thousands of signatures for petitions in protest of the war in Darfur . The alliance also helped hundreds to register to vote last year , according to Slack . Earlier this year , the Harry Potter Alliance conducted a book drive for children around the world , an effort led by "  Potter " actress Evanna Lynch . Slack said they raised over 13,000 books , 4,000 of which went to youths in Rwanda who were very young at the time of the Rwandan genocide . Slack also sees parallels between Voldemort and world leaders who have supported genocidal policies . "  Potter " author J.K. Rowling has many times compared Voldemort to Adolf Hitler . On the other hand , Slack compares Potter 's mentor Dumbledore to Mahatma Gandhi , Martin Luther King , Jr. and John Lennon . This has led to the group 's "  What Would Dumbledore Do ? " campaign . The campaign takes Dumbledore 's ethics and beliefs and translates them to the real world . For the midnight screenings of "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " members were encouraged to wear buttons mentioning lessons that Dumbledore taught them . When iReporters were offered the opportunity to ask a question of President Obama , Slack knew exactly what he wanted to ask about : Darfur . Slack thinks Obama 's approach so far is "  more than a disappointment . ... There 's a great deal of hope for Darfur , if President Obama can move on that . " Rowling herself has praised the Harry Potter Alliance , one of Slack 's proudest moments . "  It 's incredible , it 's humbling , and it 's uplifting to see people going out there and doing that in the name of your character , " she told Time magazine in 2007 . "  What did my books preach against throughout ? Bigotry , violence , struggles for power , no matter what . All of these things are happening in Darfur . So they really could n't have chosen a better cause . " Rowling has also written personally to Slack about his efforts . Science fiction and fantasy aficionados have translated their fandom into real-world action for years . Recent examples : "  Star Wars " fans put on a charity auction to benefit victims of the brushfires in Australia , and comic book fans such as "  Crimson Fist " donned superhero costumes to help the needy . Christopher "  b!x " Frakonis came up with the idea of screening the sci-fi movie "  Serenity " for charity as a way of keeping it on the big screen in 2006 . This year , 52 such "  Ca n't Stop the Serenity " screenings are taking place around the world for charities such as the human rights organization Equality Now ! , in response to a challenge by the film 's director Joss Whedon . Members of the Harry Potter Alliance , 4,500 of whom make up the most hardcore group , are inspired by what it has done . "  I know I would have loved to have had a group like this when I was a child or teenager , to support me and show that anything is possible if you put your mind to it , " said 29-year-old Amanda Bolton , from Calgary , Alberta . Bolton first learned about the group when it was mentioned on a fan podcast . She was intrigued by the similarities between the plot of the books and its application to real life as well . In the books , "  muggle-borns and other intelligent nonhumans are discriminated against , treated like scum and forbidden from having equal rights , " she said , adding that love was the main weapon used against the forces of evil . Like Slack , Bolton condemns the "  Muggle mindset , " what members call an ignorance of or refusal to act on the important issues facing the world . Some bloggers have criticized the group for taking their fandom too far or using young fans ' love of Harry Potter to promote an agenda . Slack denies that he has a partisan agenda . "  I sort of took it as a compliment , " he explained . At the same time , he hopes that at least some of their causes , such as promoting literacy , are things that all can agree on . Alliance member Bobby Lang says that some within the group have occasionally raised questions about some of their projects . "  There have been some interesting debates over whether or not Dumbledore would be an activist , " he said , mentioning that some see Dumbledore as "  teaching through living . " Lang adds that such debates usually do n't get too heated , since "  we 're all Harry Potter fans , we all have that in common . " Noth Lang and Bolton say they are more knowledgeable about world affairs because of the organization 's connection to Harry Potter than they would be otherwise . "  There are issues I did n't know much about or had n't thought about too deeply that I 'm now involved in , like Darfur , " Bolton said . "  It has introduced me to new issues and new ideas . "	"  Harry Potter " fans have formed the "  Harry Potter Alliance " organization Group uses lessons from Potter 's mentor Dumbledore for good in the real world Watch Andrew Slack 's question for Obama Share your thoughts on the latest "  Potter " movie at iReport.com
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto underwent thyroid surgery Wednesday . The operation to remove a nodule was successful , said Aurelio Nuo Mayer , head of the president 's office . "  The president is already awake , and he is already in the room , " Nuo told reporters . "  Everything went very smoothly , as planned . . " Gen. Fernando Arcaute Velazquez , director of Mexico 's Central Military Hospital , said doctors found "  no evidence of malignancy " during the procedure . Officials said Pea Nieto will spend half of his four-day recovery period at the hospital , and the rest in his official residence . Pea Nieto , 47 , assumed Mexico 's presidency in December . Fast Facts : Enrique Pea Nieto Thyroid nodules are lumps that form within the gland , which is located at the base of the neck , according to the Mayo Clinic . "  The great majority of thyroid nodules are n't serious and do n't cause symptoms , " the clinic says on its website . "  Thyroid cancer accounts for a small percentage of thyroid nodules . " Last week , Pea Nieto said that doctors had detected the small cyst seven or eight years ago . "  The doctors tell me that it is not a serious matter or anything , " the president said , according to Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . "  Simply I have been postponing it and according to medical recommendations it is a good moment to do it . " CNN 's Marysabel Huston-Crespo and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Doctors have removed a nodule from the Mexican president 's thyroid Officials say the surgery was successful The hospital 's director says their was no sign of malignancy
President Barack Obama is taking some heat from Republicans on Capitol Hill for reestablishing diplomatic relations with Cuba , but a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday shows he has the public 's backing . About six in 10 Americans favor diplomatic relations with Cuba and two-thirds want the travel restrictions to the island lifted , according to the poll of 1,011 Americans conducted after Obama announced a landmark deal with Cuba to relax sanctions and ease some travel restrictions . Obama relaxed some sanctions and gave a green light to establish an embassy in Havana , but he ca n't end the embargo against Cuba outright without Congressional approval . More than half of Americans surveyed -- 55 % -- want the embargo lifted . Republican members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee like Sens. Marco Rubio and Lindsey Graham of Florida and South Carolina , respectively , said last week they will pull all the stops to undercut Obama 's steps to normalize relations , vowing to hold up funds for the embassy and keep Obama 's nominee for ambassador to Cuba from clearing the Senate . Related : Read the full CNN / ORC poll on Cuba Christie to Obama : Tell Cuba to hand over cop killer Rubio , whose parents emigrated from Cuba , has led the charge against Obama 's accord with Cuba and President Raul Castro , charging Obama with giving away a huge chunk of the U.S. 's leverage to spur political reform in the country . But supporters of the deal to normalize relations say more diplomatic and economic engagement is the key to opening up Cuban society and encouraging democratization . Regardless , Americans continue to have an unfavorable view of Cuba 's former leader Fidel Castro , with 81 % holding a negative opinion of the former leader and brother of the country 's current president .	63 % of Americans favor reestablishing diplomatic relations with Cuba More than half want the embargo fully lifted 81 % say they still hate Fidel Castro
CNN  -- We 're going to feel a little guilty if this news gets you fired . But you can now play "  Angry Birds " on Facebook . Rovio 's ridiculously addictive mobile game , which has been downloaded more than 500 million times on multiple platforms since debuting on the iPhone in 2009 , hit Facebook on Tuesday . While the company had leaked out news that the merger of the game 's millions of fans and Facebook 's hundreds of millions of users was coming , a Facebook "  launch event " was scheduled for 6 p.m. ET on Tuesday . But players , including , presumably , the 15 million who were already fans of the game on Facebook , can start slingshotting their feathered friends now . In addition to allowing players to pay for special in-game tools , such as more powerful birds , the Facebook version of "  Angry Birds " also adds a social-gaming element . Besides posting their scores to their News Feed , players can send in-game gifts to friends and get special rewards for earning some of the game 's highest scores . Rovio 's chief marketing officer  or "  Mighty Eagle " in bird-speak  Peter Vesterbacka told the blog Penn Olson that the Finnish company hopes as many as 40 % of players will pay for bonus items -- a far higher rate than for other social games like "  FarmVille " or "  Mafia Wars . " Upgrades will cost 99 cents each . From an early look , the game appears to play much like the original version that appeared on iOS devices . The difference , obviously , is that players use a mouse instead of a finger to pull back the bird slingshot . They also must toggle the screen size up and down on a sliding scale instead of pinching a touchscreen . It 's a play style that will be familiar to people who played the game on Google Chrome -- a version that rolled out last year . Players can switch to full-screen mode  which is sure to be noticed by your boss , unfortunately  and personalized avatars will be available soon , according to the company .	"  Angry Birds " makes its debut on Facebook The wildly popular game appeared on the social-networking site Tuesday Game will be free to play , but players must pay for bonus items and abilities
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Regina Spektor has pretty pale blue eyes , but you wo n't see them if she 's performing . Singer-songwriter Regina Spektor has just released her third album . "  I play most of my songs with my eyes closed , " says the Moscow , Russia-born singer-songwriter . "  I do n't know why , but a lot of the time I do n't realize that I 'm doing it . It 's weird . " Perhaps , but here 's a musician who 's known for being a little quirky . On the track "  Folding Chairs " off her new album , "  Far "  Sire Records  Spektor imitates the sound a dolphin makes . And in the music video for her peppy song "  Dance Anthem of The '80s " she gets her face so close to the camera that at times you think she 's going to gobble it up . But in person , the classically trained pianist is shy and soft spoken . And she recalls her third album 's debut last month at No. 3 on the Billboard album chart -- a career high -- with genuine surprise . Watch an interview with Regina Spektor " "  I was in England when I found out , " she says . "  It was just very , very trippy . " Spektor invited CNN to crash the set at AOL 's New York headquarters last week where she was filming a live performance for the music show , "  The Interface . " She talked about the floppiness of the '80s and what it 's like to be a songwriter who never writes anything down . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Your song "  Eet " is about forgetting the lyrics to your favorite song . Do you ever forget the lyrics of your own songs when you 're performing ? Regina Spektor : Yeah . I forget a lot . I try not to . I practice , but it all depends on how much coffee I 've had before . Sometimes when I get the balance wrong , then all of a sudden all my songs become a mystery to me . It 's like the teleprompter inside my head just goes off and I ca n't remember anything . CNN : So what are you thinking about when you 're performing with your eyes closed ? Spektor : I 'm not really thinking that much of anything . I 'm sort of in this state that 's between thought and feeling . I think it 's more of a feel state than a think state . CNN : Your song "  Dance Anthem of the '80s " is very cute . Did the music of that decade make a big impression on you ? Spektor : Yeah , I think because I spent all the '80s in the Soviet Union , my '80s were the '90s ... even the beginning of 2000 actually . But I just love the fun of it . I think that it 's not so dark and "  me . " It 's very extroverted and it just does n't take itself seriously . Fun , weird sounds and fun hair , and floppy everything . Even though artistically it was really a fun decade , I think economically it was a very dangerous decade . It was a time of big , fast spenders and people who just did n't really think about the consequences of their greed . CNN : What was the appeal of working with four different producers for your new album ? Spektor : Well , I sort of figured that since I get to make albums pretty rarely -- so far it 's been one every three years - that I should take as much opportunity as I can and learn from people . I loved working with David Kahn on the last record , "  Begin to Hope . " And then this time I worked with him and then three more producers and just tried to learn as much as I could from each one . CNN : Was there any concern that the album might not sound cohesive ? Spektor : No . I do n't know why everybody wants things to be cohesive in the first place . I really love different things , and I think that things feel great when they 're thrown in contrast . That 's how you let one thing fulfill the other . I like things that are just all over the place . CNN : Is it true that when you 're creating a song you do n't write anything down ? Spektor : Yeah , but I would n't say that 's a good thing . I think it 's pretty stupid . I just sort of play it over and over again until it 's cemented in my head . I 'm not good about writing stuff down . I do n't know . I think it 's some sort of laziness . It 's how I forget a lot of stuff . CNN : But it seems to work . The good ones stick . Spektor : Yeah and some of the bad ones stick , and some of the good ones get forgotten . CNN : So when do you know you have something that 's worth recording ? Spektor : I feel that feeling all the time that I need to record before I forget it . I 've actually gotten better because I used to just have to hold the songs in my head until the next time I would record them . But now I have a laptop and I 've learned how to do GarageBand . It remembers for me . CNN : How involved are you with coming up with the concepts for your music videos ? Spektor : Well  with  some of them I 'm very involved . And  with  some of them I was n't involved at all . CNN : You just showed up ? Spektor : No I 've never been that not involved . I guess my not involved at all is still very involved . I think it 's really cool that musicians get to make music videos because it 's our chance to learn about cameras and cinematography and this whole other world that goes on . My first ever video which was for a song called "  Us " I made with my friend Adria Petty . We 're always coming up with things together . We kind of incubate and make a lot of art together , share ideas . But it 's really fun the other way , too , like when I made a video with Mark Webb for "  Fidelity . " That was really cool because he had listened to the song and the video concept was his idea . And I just got to come in and be directed more , be part of his take on a song , and that was really fun , too . CNN : On your song "  Folding Chairs , " you impersonate a dolphin . How did that happen ? Spektor : Um ... I do n't know . Dolphins are cool ?	Regina Spektor is a singer-songwriter known for being a little quirky Her new album "  Far " includes a track on which she imitates the sound of a dolphin In person , the classically trained pianist is shy and soft spoken Spektor does n't write anything down when she creates a song
CNN  -- Just weeks before a Continental Connection commuter plane crashed near Buffalo , another airline had reminded its pilots about safety issues with instrument approaches at the airport . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . However , a spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration on Thursday said it was extremely unlikely the February 12 crash and the warning were related . Instrument approaches are those in which pilots use cockpit displays to line up their aircraft with the runway when visibility is low . The alert , initially issued by Southwest Airlines and reissued Wednesday by the airline 's pilot association , warned there was a "  potentially significant hazard " concerning the instrument landing system 's glide slope guidance signal for runway 23 . The airline advised , "  Pilots who are preparing to configure and land have the potential to experience abrupt pitch up , slow airspeed , and approach to stall if conditions present themselves in a certain manner . " Southwest Airlines spokesperson Linda Rutherford said an earthen dam at the end of the runway was interfering with the signal being sent to inbound flights . Rutherford would not confirm if any of Southwest 's recent flights into Buffalo experienced problems on approach . "  We often put out alerts on obstructions to a navigation aid , " Rutherford told CNN . She also pointed out , though landing on the same runway , Southwest Airlines flights approach runway 23 from the north , turning right , while the Colgan Air flight that crashed was approaching from the south turning left . Rutherford called that distinction important . View a Google Earth image of runway 23 " The National Transportation Safety Board told CNN the agency was "  aware " of the Southwest Airlines alert , but would not comment further . The issue is caused by a geographic feature at the airport , a valley , "  something we ca n't do anything about , " said FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown . She said the "  altitude reading makes it look like you 're a lot higher than you are , because there is a valley there . " The feature has been noted on FAA charts for years , she said . "  As far as we can tell , there is no way this had any role in the accident , " Brown told CNN . "  It 's not a navigation aid that would have applied to the approach . " The alert from Southwest Airlines advises pilots that the problem could cause the planes navigational system to interpret data "  in such a way as to result in a nose-up pitch and loss of airspeed . " Flight data recorders obtained by the NTSB of the crashed Colgan air Flight 3407 show during its approach to runway 23 , the twin turbo prop Dash-8 pitched up 31 degrees before going into a stall due to lack of airspeed . Southwest Airlines Pilot Association told its pilots the "  issue is being addressed on several levels in an attempt to address procedures , facilities , and communication regarding this matter . " The alert advises any pilots experience trouble to contact the association 's safety office .	NEW : FAA spokeswoman says it does n't appear issue was related to crash Warning concerned runway 23 , the same one the crashed plane was lined up to use Airline advised possibility of "  abrupt pitch up , slow airspeed , and approach to stall " Southwest Airlines spokeswoman said earthen dam was interfering with signals
CNN  -- Raymond Felton : New York Knicks point guard , charged with criminal weapons possession over a high-powered semiautomatic handgun . Aaron Hernandez : New England Patriots tight end , awaiting trial on first-degree murder in the execution-style killing of Odin Lloyd . Plaxico Burress : New York Giant star receiver , imprisoned after pleading guilty on weapons charges for having a gun inside a Manhattan nightclub . These three are among the examples of high-quality , high-profile professional players accused of crossing a line -- in these cases while using firearms . Every week , in fact , it seems there 's another athlete accused of some heinous crime . Are sports stars more prone to dangerous , criminal behavior -- including those involving guns -- than your everyday Joe ? Will they more likely carry guns and use them ? And are more and more of them breaking the law and spiraling out of control ? "  Statistically , absolutely not , " said Mitch Abrams , a sport psychologist and clinical assistant professor at Rutgers ' Robert Wood Johnson Medical School . "  But nobody gives a hoot . ... These athletes are more celebrities than anything else . " Sports stars have been hailed for decades in American society , and with that comes extra attention and scrutiny . Still , in today 's 24-hour news cycle -- in a media world with the NFL and NHL and NBA and MLB networks , not to mention the ESPNs of the world -- that spotlight has gotten brighter . And when someone such as Ray Rice of the Baltimore Ravens is accused of knocking his wife unconscious or former NFL standout turned analyst Darren Sharper is charged in multiple date rapes , people take notice because : 1  their alleged crimes are egregious , and 2  they are known to millions of Americans . That celebrity aspect is critical when you 're trying to put such stories into perspective , according to Dan Lebowitz , the executive director for the Sports in Society center at Boston 's Northeastern University . Because "  celebrity culture drives the news cycle " and because star athletes are celebrities , he says , these kinds of stories are read and spread everywhere . Yet even if it might seem that way , it does n't change the fact that -- when compared with crime rates for all adult males -- professional athletes are no more likely to kill someone , get arrested for a gun crime or be convicted of domestic violence . "  It 's upsetting , and it stands out , " Lebowitz says of news about alleged killings , rapes , abuse and other horrific acts involving athletes . "  But that does n't mean it 's  endemic  . " There have been examples in which that ubiquitous celebrity seemingly has come at a steep price . Take Sean Taylor , a Washington Redskins star defender shot dead inside his Florida home during what appeared to be a botched burglary . There 's also Washington Nationals ' catcher Wilson Ramos , who was kidnapped in Venezuela . And it 's not just players who are targeted , as seen in the kidnapping of the mother of iconic Baltimore Orioles shortstop Cal Ripken Jr. . For that reason , Abrams says , many athletes legitimately "  fear that they are going to be in danger . " "  The problem is , they do n't know what they 're doing with their guns . " Burress could be exhibit No. 1 : He inadvertently shot himself , having never threatened anyone else . Gilbert Arenas , then a standout with the Washington Wizards , was charged with a felony gun violation after drawing guns in the locker room -- something he insisted was a joke . Lebowitz said such cases reflect more on America 's "  gun culture " than its sports culture . While Department of Justice statistics show the number of purposeful and accidental shootings have fallen in recent decades , "  There is  still  an inordinate amount of kids being killed on a daily basis . " Yes , Abrams admits , sometimes an intense , hypermasculine pro athlete who acts like a warrior on the field has a fragile ego off it , unsure what to do when someone  particularly a woman  challenges him . "  He feels insecure , he feels hurt , " said Abrams , the author of "  Anger Management in Sport . " "  As things escalate , maybe it becomes physical . " This is n't the norm , though . Most past and present athletes carry themselves well or at least do n't commit crimes . When some of them do go down the wrong path , that 's more a function of the fact they are human , not that they are athletes . Lebowitz calls "  sports ... the ultimate common denominator , " because any given roster can represent society as a whole -- all colors , races , classes and creeds . Some of these athletes commit crimes , just like some nonathletes do . As Abrams says , "  Sports are a microcosm of society . And we live in a violent society . "	The NBA 's Raymond Felton is the latest pro athlete to face charges related to guns Experts say such stories get so much attention because athletes are celebrities But they are n't any more prone than any other person to crimes or violence , they say "  Sports are a microcosm of society , and we live in a violent society , " one expert says
CNN  -- Does our government trust us ? If our government trusts us , why does it take people like Edward Snowden and Bradley Manning to reveal the actions our government is taking in our name ? Government should be able to withhold information in certain situations if disclosure truly compromises ongoing intelligence operations or clearly risks lives . But that exception must be narrowly construed , and the burden should rest on the government to prove that the information at issue should be kept secret from Americans . Recently , two seemingly unrelated events show our government 's continuing efforts to keep information from us . In the first instance , the government released hundreds of hours of tapes that Richard Nixon had secretly recorded of White House conversations between April 9 , 1973 and July 2 , 1973 . While political pundits had a field day combing through these tapes , lost in all this were two things . One , the content of these tapes has been kept secret from us for more than 40 years . Two , the government still wo n't release more than 700 hours of additional tapes , citing national security and privacy concerns . Could there really be information in these 40-plus-year-old tapes that threatens our nation 's security or invades someone 's privacy ? And even if there is , should n't our government be called upon to provide us more reasons to justify its secrecy ? In the case of Bradley Manning , who was sentenced to 35 years in prison for providing WikiLeaks with 700,000 classified files , we became aware of a wide range of actions taken by our military , State Department and intelligence community . We learned , for example , that the U.S. military had been keeping detailed data about the number of Iraqi civilians killed by our forces . Before this leak , our government had denied it kept such figures . We learned that our government was spying on U.N. officials in violation of international law and our State Department had been encouraging foreign governments to not investigate our torture of prisoners who had been subject to rendition . Manning also released the infamous video of a U.S. Apache helicopter attack in Baghdad in which civilians and a reporter were killed . Reuters had previously requested this exact video under the Freedom of Information Act but the government had denied access . Not only does it appear that our government does n't trust us , but it also seems that some agencies within our government do n't even trust each other . A few months ago , James Clapper , the director of National Intelligence , was asked by Congress whether the National Security Agency was collecting data on Americans . Clapper answered under oath , "  No . " Of course , a short time later , Snowden revealed that Clapper was not being truthful . When you look at our nation 's Declaration of Independence , one of the clauses that has always stuck with me is , "  Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed . ... " But how can we consent to our government 's actions if we are not told what it 's doing ? Conversely , how can we object to our government 's conduct if it is n't revealed to us ? Shockingly , even some members of Congress seem to be in the dark about our government 's activities , even though the administration has provided information in a restricted fashion . On Sunday 's morning TV , Sen. Bob Corker , the senior Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , commented that he and others in Congress are n't sure of the full extent of the NSA 's surveillance programs that were leaked by Snowden . Corker said , "  And that 's why I wrote a letter to the president this week to ask that the head of this organization  NSA  come in and brief folks from top to bottom . " Keep in mind this is months after Snowden 's leaks . This begs the question : Does anyone actually know the full scope of what our government is doing ? Just this week , our government finally released former President Gerald Ford 's testimony recorded more than 30 years ago during the criminal trial of Lynette "  Squeaky " Fromme , the woman convicted of trying to assassinate Ford . Did the government release this information on its own ? Nope , it took a federal lawsuit by the Eastern District Historical Society to pry it free . If our government continues to hide information from us , the Edward Snowdens and Bradley Mannings of the world will not stay silent despite threats of imprisonment . More Americans will take matters into their own hands when they see our government engaging in policies and programs that violate our Constitution , laws and principles . It is truly our government 's choice . Trust us and be more transparent , or inspire more Snowdens and Mannings . I hope our government chooses to trust us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Why does it take Edward Snowden to reveal actions of our government ? Obeidallah : Programs that violate our Constitution , laws and principles break down society He says government should be able to withhold information in certain risky situations Obeidallah : Trust us and be more transparent , or inspire more Snowdens and Mannings
CNN  -- Former British pop star Gary Glitter was arrested Thursday and charged with committing eight sex offenses against two teenage girls more than three decades ago . Glitter , 70 , whose real name is Paul Gadd , was known as a "  glam rocker " in the 1970s for his flamboyant clothes and performing style . He sold 18 million records with hits like "  I 'm the Leader of the Gang , " "  I Love You Love Me Love " and "  Rock 'n' Roll . " He was charged with six counts of indecent assault , one count of administering a drug to facilitate sexual intercourse and one count of sexual intercourse with a girl under age 13 , the Crown Prosecution Office said . The offenses happened between 1977 and 1980 when the girls were 12 to 14 years old , the Crown Prosecution Office said . There was not sufficient evidence to prosecute five allegations made by two other complainants , authorities said . Glitter is scheduled to appear June 19 in court . Glitter has been prosecuted previously on sex charges . In 1999 he admitted possessing child pornography and was jailed for four months . While living in Vietnam he was convicted of sex offenses against young girls and jailed nearly three years before being deported to England . Another British pop culture figure was accused of sex crimes in recent years . In 2012 , women came forward to allege television disc jockey and television star Jimmy Savile had sexually molested them decades earlier when they were in their mid-teens . Savile died in 2011 at age 84 . CNN 's Lorenza Brascia contributed to this report .	Gary Glitter , 70 , accused of eight sex crimes from 1977-80 Authorities say the victims were 12-14 years old Glitter was famous in the 1970s as a "  glam rocker " He has served prison time for sex offenses
CNN  -- Speaking to Fabien Cousteau is like plunging into dreamlike darkness . The sunlight falls away as you dive deeper and deeper underwater with him , and you ca n't help but hold your breath a little as he describes the alien creatures hovering at the edge of vision . I need n't fear . Fabien is a master aquanaut -- and the grandson of legendary diver Jacques Cousteau . His American accent , with soft French undertones , guides me 20 meters below the surface of the water until we rest our imaginary flippers at a very special spot on the ocean floor -- 14 kilometers off the coast of Florida Keys . It 's cold down here , around 35 degrees Fahrenheit . The enormous water pressure -- three times the atmosphere on land -- bears down on us , filling our veins with nitrogen and creating the feeling of being ever so slightly drunk . As our eyes adjust to the gloom , twinkling yellow lights reveal a steel capsule the size of a school bus , with small portholes providing a glimpse of the scientists working inside . Welcome to "  Aquarius " , the only underwater laboratory in the world , and Fabien 's home for a record-breaking 31 days . Cousteau 's legacy Fifty years after his famous grandfather , Jacques Cousteau , spent 30 days living in an underwater village at the bottom of the Red Sea , Fabien will follow in his footsteps with a similar project twice as deep and one day longer . In 1963 , Cousteau elder turned science fiction into reality when he and a team of five divers lived in an underwater habitat -- named "  Conshelf II " -- researching the effects of deep sea living . The pioneering experiment found cuts and grazes healed quicker and hair grew slower . New species of animals were discovered and Cousteau 's haunting video diary was turned into an Oscar winning documentary , "  World Without Sun . " "  I hope we recapture the magic , mystery and beauty of the ocean which my grandfather was able to offer the world for so many decades , " said Fabien , who takes the plunge on September 30 . Mission 31 This will be a new era of ocean exploration as the team of six aquanauts -- dubbed "  Mission 31 " -- examine not just the physical and psychological effects of underwater living , but the impact of climate change . They will use space-age motorcycles to cruise the ocean floor nine hours a day , examining marine life , coral reefs , and ocean acidity -- which is linked to carbon emissions in the air . "  It 's very much in the same spirit of adventure and exploration as in my grandfather 's day , " said 45-year-old Cousteau . "  But by default we 're living in a time where human impact is directly related to the ocean 's health . " "  The ocean contains 99 % of the planet 's total living space . That said , we know so little about it -- just 5 % has been explored . " Underwater "  Truman Show " While audiences in the 1960s had to wait for Jacques Cousteau 's groundbreaking documentary to hit cinemas , this time round we 'll be able to follow Fabien every step of the way , thanks to rolling coverage on the Weather Channel , Skype video calls to classrooms around the world , Twitter and Facebook updates , and ultimately an IMAX film . This is n't just a new age of environmental frontiers , but media management , as "  Aquarius " also welcomes celebrities on board , including Virgin business magnate Richard Branson and pop singer will.i.am . "  We 'll have millions of eyeballs looking at us -- a bit like an underwater Truman Show , " said Cousteau . "  Inside , it looks much like a submarine , with bunk beds , a kitchenette and a laboratory . It actually gets very warm in the habitat -- almost as humid as the Amazon River . " Risky business This will be the longest stint researchers have spent on Aquarius -- the previous record was 18 days -- and the ambitious mission will not be without risk . Diver Dewey Smith died after his equipment malfunctioned outside the lab in 2009 . The team will spend 15 days in extreme training , including diving 20 meters underwater , taking off their masks , being spun around to lose their bearings and then swimming back to the habitat . "  The point of training is to make sure we 're prepared for every situation , " said Cousteau , who has been diving since he was four . "  Once your veins are fully saturated in nitrogen you wo n't be able to go back to the surface because of the decompression sickness -- we 'll have to slowly come back up over 24 hours . " Magic realm For Cousteau , who grew up playing on the salt-stained deck of his grandfather 's boat , the ocean is a bewitching realm -- and one he wants to share with a world which has seen more people travel into deep space than deep sea . "  Being in the water is a dream , it 's part fantasy , " he says . "  It still holds so much magic and mystery and I can only imagine what kind of sea creatures will be coming up to us during those experiments in the dark . " "  My grandfather said people protect what they love . But how can you protect what you do n't understand ? "	Jacques Cousteau 's grandson , Fabien , to live in underwater lab 31 days Team of aquanauts will plunge 20 meters underwater , living in lab the size of a school bus 50 years since Cousteau elder lived in ocean habitat , made Oscar winning documentary Modern day mission captured in 24/7 TV coverage , Skype chats , social media updates
CNN  -- Drew Peterson , who was arrested this week in the death of his third wife , joked with the media about his jail jumpsuit and chewed gum throughout his first court appearance Friday . A judge delayed Drew Peterson 's arraignment until May 18 because his lawyers could n't attend Friday 's hearing . The 55-year-old former police officer flashed a broad smile and engaged in banter during the 10-yard walk to the courthouse . Wearing an inmate uniform -- a bright-red short-sleeved shirt and pants , white socks and sandals -- Peterson had his hands and feet shackled as he arrived at the courtroom . Asked how he was , he responded , "  three squares a day and a spiffy outfit . " He then held up the chains and said , "  and I got the bling . Ca n't complain . " Peterson , who authorities call the prime suspect in the disappearance of his fourth wife , Stacy Peterson , was indicted on murder charges related to the death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio , the Illinois state attorney 's office said . Watch a shackled Peterson go to jail " Peterson appeared in court Friday , but a judge delayed his arraignment until May 18 . Judge Richard Schoenstedt ordered the delay after Will County State 's Attorney Jim Glasgow told him that Peterson 's primary lawyer , Joel Brodsky , had asked for it because neither he nor Peterson 's other attorney could attend Friday 's hearing . Peterson , chewing gum throughout the proceedings and speaking in a clear voice , told Schoenstedt that he knew both of his lawyers were out of town and that he had no objection to the delay . Glasgow , who has said he will prosecute the case personally , said Brodsky told him that he expects to ask the judge for a reduction in Peterson 's $ 20 million bail during the May 18 arraignment . Illinois State Police said Peterson was taken into custody about 5:30 p.m. Thursday after a traffic stop near his home . Police had staked out his home all day , police Capt. Carl Dobrich said , but waited for Peterson to leave before arresting him out of concern for his three young children , who were in the house . Peterson , through his attorney , denied any wrongdoing in either case . Glasgow said he believes that the case is strong . "  This is an extremely grave and serious matter , and it is reflected in the bond , " Glasgow said . Brodsky told CNN 's Larry King that he thought the bail was excessive and would seek a more "  reasonable " amount , noting that it was the most expensive bail he 'd seen in 10 years . Watch Peterson 's attorney address his client 's arrest " Charles B. Pelkie , a spokesman for Glasgow , said a grand jury indicted Peterson in the murder of Savio , whose death had once been ruled an accidental drowning . But Brodsky said in a statement that prosecutors wo n't be able to prove their case , because "  he did n't do it . " "  There is no evidence that links Drew Peterson to the death of Kathleen Savio or anyone else for that matter , " Brodsky said . "  Drew did not harm Kathleen ; he has said so from Day One . We 're obviously disappointed a grand jury indicted him . But an indictment does not mean guilt . " Pelkie said the grand jury continues to meet and is studying the possibility of charges in Stacy Peterson 's disappearance . Watch family members react to the arrest " After Stacy Peterson went missing in October 2007 , media and police scrutiny of Peterson revealed that Savio had died mysteriously during a nasty divorce a few years earlier . Savio died just before the division of marital assets was finalized , making Drew Peterson the sole beneficiary . Savio was found in the dry bathtub of her home . At the time , the death was ruled an accidental drowning . But her family continued to insist that Savio died as a result of foul play . The investigation into Stacy Peterson 's disappearance brought renewed interest in Savio 's death . Authorities exhumed Savio 's body , further tests were conducted , and her death was been ruled a "  homicide staged to look like an accident . " Brodsky told King that he thinks the case has always been about circumstantial evidence and that he will bring a pathologist to trial who will say Savio died in an accidental drowning . "  I think the jury 's going to see that , in fact , this always has been an accidental death and still is an accidental death , " Brodsky told King . Kathleen Savio 's brother , Nick , told CNN affiliate WLS that he received a call saying Peterson had been arrested . Watch police arrest Peterson " "  The state police had been telling us the day was coming , " he told WLS . "  We kept hearing it for about eight months . I 'm almost in tears here . It 's been so hard for our family . "  Hopefully , we 'll get the justice we 've always been waiting for . " Martin Glink , attorney for the Savio family , said they had been hopeful the grand jury felt that there was enough evidence to charge Peterson . "  We 're very happy that the wheels of justice have continued to move and they are pointing in his direction , " Glink told WLS . The news was bittersweet for Stacy Peterson 's family , who continue to wait for news about her disappearance . "  We have anticipated this coming . We have dreamed about it . We have been patient over it , " family spokeswoman Pam Bosco told WLS . "  Now that it 's here , it 's almost a little bit calm . We 're waiting for the storm to calm now . The calm before the storm . " Bosco said she was hopeful there would be charges in Stacy Peterson 's case . "  We always said from the very beginning that Kathleen and Stacy had one thing in common , and that was Drew Peterson , " she said . "  So , hopefully , we 'll have news soon about Stacy , too . " Ernie Raines is also relieved about the arrest . His daughter , Christina Raines , is dating Peterson and was living with him before his arrest . Raines told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that he was with his daughter and Peterson as recently as last week , when they talked about going to Las Vegas , Nevada , and getting married . Thursday night , he spoke with his daughter after the arrest . "  My daughter was terrified , very emotional , upset , " Raines said . "  And I tried to tell her from the beginning that this was going to happen , be prepared . " Raines said that when he heard about the arrest , he was more relieved than anything . "  I 'm glad justice finally came before he hurt my daughter , " he said . Police put Peterson 's three young children in the custody of the state 's children and family service department . His adult son was contacted , at Peterson 's request , to take them , according to Dobrich . Dobrich said Peterson cooperated with police during his arrest . CNN 's Susan Roesgen contributed to this report .	NEW : Peterson to media on handcuffs , chains : "  I got the bling . Ca n't complain " Drew Peterson arrested in the death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio Renewed interest in Savio 's death came after Peterson 's fourth wife disappeared Peterson , through his attorney , denies any wrongdoing in either case
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- I mentor a student who is a senior in a low-performing high school . About 50 percent of the students at his school drop out , while less than 25 percent go to college . His parents did n't graduate from high school , and his father earns about $ 14,000 a year . His grade point average is good enough to qualify him for admission at a few University of California schools . His parents clearly can not afford to pay his way , so how much debt should he incur to get a college education ? And how many tax dollars should go toward supporting that education ? Such questions were on the minds of the thousands of students who demonstrated last week against cuts in public education funding in California . As the state government has struggled to balance its budget -- it faces a shortfall of $ 20 billion over the next 18 months after having cut an even greater amount in the past two years -- student fees have continued to rise . Last fall , U.C. regents approved a 32 percent fee increase for incoming UC freshmen . Tuition will be more than $ 10,000 next year . The cost of an education at a California State University campus or a community college has also jumped significantly . The protesting students believe these budget-balancing attempts have harmed public education and made it even more difficult for students such as the one I mentor to get an education . I 'm not so sure . Fifty years ago , when its coffers were flush , California devised a master plan for higher education that made it possible for anyone who wanted a college degree to obtain one , mostly at taxpayer expense . The assumption was that a college degree was not only beneficial for the individual who earned it  better job prospects  but also for the state that subsidized it  an educated work force that would ensure economic growth  . Fifty years later , the state is broke . Costs to operate California 's higher education system have sharply risen . Some critics say this is because university and college administrations are too bloated and enjoy too many perks . Others , including last week 's student protesters , aim their ire at the legislature and governor for not being more supportive of students and faculty . What no one seems to accept , however , is that the whole system is broken . California 's taxpayers do n't want to pay higher taxes . In the face of less revenue , the legislature will continue to cut the higher-education budget where it can . The result : declining enrollments , fewer class offerings , teacher furloughs , staff layoffs and a decline in quality . California 's higher-education crisis comes at a critical juncture in its history . President Obama has repeatedly remarked that the United States is no longer among the top industrialized nations in terms of college participation and graduation rates . To reverse the decline , he says the country needs to add 1 million more college graduates a year . For California , that translates into graduating about 100,000 more students a year over the next 10 years . But its public education system is projecting a 300,000-student cutback because of all the budget cuts . So , how can California contribute its share of adding to the number of college graduates ? If voters continue to resist higher taxes , then students fees and tuition will have to continue to go up . Raising fees to match the real price of a U.C. or Cal State education is not necessarily bad if individuals who can not afford to pay for college receive grants and loans . Anyone who gains a college degree should be willing to accept some debt load , but not so much that he or she is forever burdened . The student I mentor will still get grants to attend a U.C. institution , but his loans are also going to increase . He is hesitant , but willing , to accept those debts . But how much more should he have to accept ? What seems crazy , however , is keeping the cost of college below market cost . That , in effect , gives discounts to those individuals who can afford to pay . Most individuals , for example , assume that U.C. Berkeley and Stanford are equivalent institutions but the cost of tuition , room and board this year is roughly $ 25,000 at Berkeley and $ 50,000 at Stanford . Why should someone who can afford the cost of Stanford get a price reduction for going to school at Berkeley ? Californians ca n't have it both ways . If they want a system that effectively subsidizes a free college education for all who qualify for one , it needs a tax structure that pays for it . If voters are unwilling to raise taxes , then those who can afford to pay for college should , and scarce tax dollars should go to those who would otherwise will be blocked from attending . The student I mentor should receive financial help to attend college , and he will benefit from having a college education because he will earn higher earnings . The state will also benefit because he will pay higher taxes . That is a master plan for the 21st century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William G. Tierney .	Students have protested increases in public university tuition fees William Tierney says taxpayers are balking at paying more to finance colleges He says that means more affluent students will have to pay more Why should fees for well-off students be so much lower at Berkeley than at Stanford ?
NEW HAVEN , Connecticut  CNN  -- J.K. Rowling has retired Harry Potter , but the fictional boy wizard lives in on college classes across the country where the children 's books are embraced as literary and academic texts . J.K. Rowling 's books are often analyzed in the context of other relevant texts . Drawing on their expertise in theology , children 's literature , globalization studies and even the history of witchcraft , professors have been able to use Harry Potter to attract crowds of students eager to take on a disciplined study of the books . Danielle Tumminio , a Yale Divinity School graduate student and the instructor for Yale 's Harry Potter course "  Christian Theology and Harry Potter , " said her academic background in literature and theology , combined with her personal interest in the books , inspired her to design the course . The course uses all seven Potter books and the students examine Christian themes such as sin , evil and resurrection . Interactive : All about Harry " "  It was a struggle for me as I put the class together , because I knew if I did n't construct this really well ... that a lot of what I was doing would be missed or misconstrued . I certainly did n't want to come across as someone trying to indoctrinate my students , " Tumminio said . "  I also wanted to make it clear that it was a critical endeavor , and that it was n't ... that you 'd sit around all day talking about how great Luna Lovegood was . " The class was an immediate draw for students . Seventy-nine people showed up at the first session for the 18 open seats . Although Yale 's course is its first Harry Potter-themed offering , other universities , including Georgetown University , Liberty University , Pepperdine University , Stanford University , Lawrence University , Swarthmore and Kansas State University , also have integrated the series into their curricula . Rowling 's books are often analyzed in the context of other relevant texts , such as contemporary British fantasy or potential influences , including C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien . Philip Nel , author of "  J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter Novels : A Reader 's Guide " and professor of children 's literature at Kansas State University , started teaching the books in 2002 . "  Harry Potter is unfairly maligned simply because of the audience for which it is intended . Children 's literature is literature , and if people do n't agree with that definition , it 's sort of hard to have a conversation with them , " Nel said . "  They see things that ... are easily accessible as therefore not serious and therefore not worthy of serious inquiry . " John Granger , author of "  Looking for God in Harry Potter , " argues that children 's literature is the most important because it has the greatest formative impact . "  If you sit down with anybody now , almost of any age , if they are literate , they know Harry Potter . They know these stories , " Granger said . Among students , there is considerable diversity of opinion as to how the books ought to be read . Cat Terrell , a student in Tumminio 's course at Yale , said regardless of whether the books are worthy as literary texts , they have helped enhance her understanding of other academic disciplines , including theology . "  If somebody says this is n't worth a Yale class , I would say if we were just reading the Harry Potter books for their literary merit ... I would probably agree with them . -LSB- But -RSB- the lens of the Harry Potter books actually makes theology ... easier to understand , " she said . "  It 's amazing how many connections you can draw between the theology that we 're reading outside of class and the Harry Potter that we 've known for 10 years . " Edmund Kern , author of "  The Wisdom of Harry Potter " and professor at Lawrence University , was originally attracted to the books based on his training as a historian of early religion , magic and witchcraft . For him , the books ' historical impact , rather than their literary context , makes for a more intriguing analysis . "  As a kind of global cultural phenomenon , Harry Potter in a sense is unprecedented . I think movies have been extremely popular around the world , I think that certain music has been extremely popular around the world , but never before has a single literary endeavor caught the attention of so many people , " Kern said . Erika Slaymaker , a student at Swarthmore where another Potter-themed class is offered , thinks the books hold the most significance as a cultural phenomenon . "  I 'm not completely convinced that it is such a fabulous set of deep writing that it deserves to be in the Western canon , " Slaymaker said . She said she considered taking Swarthmore 's class , but ended up going for another first-year seminar called "  Women and Popular Culture . " Regardless of academic arguments , the phenomenon of Harry Potter as a whole continues to elicit awe and wonder . Lisa Lowe , professor of American Studies at Yale , has read all seven books not as a scholar , but as a parent . "  What -LSB- Rowling 's -RSB- really done is come up with a mode of captivating a whole generation : it 's a form of captive concentration that took place over a course of nearly 10 years , " Lowe said . "  As an adult , you 'll be thinking , ` What would Harry have done ? ' " E-mail to a friend	Harry Potter is being taught at colleges across the country These courses often focus on theological themes in the books Harry Potter is analyzed in the context of C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien iReport : Tell us what 's the strangest college course you 've ever taken ?
The suspect in a Georgia toddler 's death told police he used the Internet to research child deaths inside vehicles , a search warrant said . The father , Justin Ross Harris , 33 , has pleaded not guilty to charges of murder and second-degree child cruelty in the death of his 22-month-old son , Cooper Harris . The boy died after he was left seven hours in a sweltering SUV on June 18 . "  During an interview with Justin , he stated that he recently researched , through the Internet , child deaths inside vehicles and what temperature it needs to be for that to occur , " according to a sworn statement in the warrant from a police officer . "  Justin stated that he was fearful that this could happen . " According to search warrants from a Cobb County magistrate court , investigators seized a number of items from the father 's home : An iPhone 5 , Hyundai car , home laptop computer , computer tower , a "  Google chrome cast Internet searcher " and other electronic devices . Cobb County Police said the purpose of the search warrants was to find blood , DNA , writings and photographs relating to child abuse , child neglect , homicide to children and cruelty to children . Harris sits in jail without bond , with an appearance before a judge set for next Thursday . Police in Cobb County , part of metro Atlanta , have been tight-lipped and have n't said whether what they found on the computer is one of the reasons they arrested Harris . Father calls in to son 's funeral Though Harris was n't allowed out of the Cobb County Jail to attend his son 's funeral on Saturday in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , he called in and spoke to the entire auditorium on speakerphone . "  Thank you for everything you 've done for my boy , " he said . "  Good life .  Inaudible  No words to say . Just horrible .  Inaudible  I 'm just sorry I ca n't be there . " " He told everyone he loved them and started crying again . The child 's mother had wanted to obtain photos of her son from seized computers for use at the funeral , but Cobb County police turned down her request , said Maddox Kilgore , the attorney for Harris . Police spokesman Michael Bowman told CNN , "  If we have evidence , we will not be releasing that due to chain of custody issues . " Bowman would not confirm what , if any , evidence they had in their possession . A charity fund at Harris ' employer , The Home Depot , will pay for the funeral , company spokeswoman Catherine Woodling told CNN . Harris , who worked as a Web designer , has been placed on unpaid administrative leave , she said . The funding of the funeral from the Home Depot charity , the Homer Fund , is a "  standard approach , " she said . In an obituary for Cooper appearing in the Tuscaloosa News newspaper , the family asks that in lieu of flowers donations should be made to the Homer Fund . Mom of toddler ` absolutely not ' angry with husband ` What have I done ? ' Initially , police described the death of the toddler as the result of tragic absent-mindedness . They said the dad had apparently forgotten the boy was in the back seat of his Hyundai Tucson ; he did n't remember until he was done with his workday , drove a couple of miles and pulled into a shopping center parking lot . But suspicions grew as police investigated . "  The chain of events that occurred in this case does not point toward simple negligence , and evidence will be presented to support this allegation , " said Cobb County Police Chief John House . A criminal warrant released Wednesday described the events that led to Cooper 's death . A timeline of events On the day Cooper died , Harris stopped for breakfast at a fast-food restaurant and afterward strapped his son into a rear-facing child restraint seat on his SUV 's back seat , police said . He drove to his workplace , a Home Depot corporate office , about a half-mile away . He works as a Web designer there . Usually , he would take his son to an on-site day care . But that day , police said , Harris left him in the car seat . During his lunch break , he returned to his car , opening the driver 's side door to put something inside , police said . After work , around 4:16 p.m. , the 33-year-old father got in his car and drove away . A few miles away , he stopped the car at a shopping center and called for help . When it became clear Cooper was dead , Harris was so inconsolable police had to restrain him . "  What have I done ? " he wailed as he tried to resuscitate the boy . A wave of sympathy Each year , dozens of children die from heatstroke in cars , according to KidsandCars.org . More than 40 died last year . The organization says its tally is likely incomplete and much lower than the real toll . The charging of Harris triggered a wave of sympathy and a vigorous debate over whether the heartbroken father should be punished . Two change.org petitions urging authorities to release Harris were started and then shut down this week . One petition posted this note : "  I think that based on the recent developments this petition is no longer relevant . I still pray that this was truly an accident . If that is the case , the DA now knows that the community does not want Justin prosecuted on murder charges . " Another , set up at YouCaring.com , has raised more than $ 22,000 for the Harris family . "  Please do n't listen to the media . It just upsets me to watch it , " wrote Heather McCullar , who set it up . "  Please do n't listen to the media . The family will speak when they can . " Contacted by CNN via e-mail , she wrote back , "  No one is allowed to comment right now . " ` The manner of death is homicide ' As Harris sits in jail , his wife , Leanna , would not discuss the case with the media . The Cobb County medical examiner 's office found the child 's cause of death "  consistent with hyperthermia and the investigative information suggests the manner of death is homicide , " according to a Cobb County Department of Public Safety statement issued Wednesday . Temperatures hit 92 degrees Fahrenheit on the day of his death . The medical examiner 's office is waiting for toxicology test results before making an official ruling as to the cause and manner of the toddler 's death . Read the criminal warrant  PDF Who is the father ? 5 key questions about Georgia toddler 's hot-car death Police seize computers in Georgia hot car death case	Justin Ross Harris called in to his son 's funeral in Tuscaloosa , Alabama Search warrant says he told police he researched child deaths inside vehicles Harris has pleaded not guilty to murder and child cruelty charges Harris is being held without bond in jail
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Kanye West is a suspect in a misdemeanor battery assault probe in Beverly Hills , police said Monday . The alleged battery happened near Wilshire Boulevard at 12:15 p.m. Monday , a Beverly Hills Police Department statement said . "  Mr. West had left the location prior to officers arrival , " police said . "  As of this writing , BHPD Detectives are conducting a follow-up investigation . " Representatives for West did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment . The police statement gave few other details . "  The named suspect was identified as Kanye West by the victim and several witnesses , " police said . West already faces charges of battery and attempted grand theft in an altercation with a photographer at Los Angeles International Airport last summer . Photographer Daniel Ramos flagged down police and said he was taking photos of an "  individual " when the suspect attacked him . West 's lawyer , Blair Berk , entered a not guilty plea on West 's behalf in court in November . The case is set for another hearing on January 23 . Rob Wilcox , spokesman for the Los Angeles city attorney 's office , said each of the two charges carries a maximum sentence of six months in jail . West sued by former child star singer West co-opts Confederate flag CNN 's Megan Clifford contributed to this report .	West was identified as a suspect "  by the victim and several witnesses , " police say Beverly Hills Police give few details of the alleged battery West already charged with battery and attempted theft in an airport incident last year
CNN  -- Human beings can experience 34,000 different emotional states . But our research shows that in an average working week , most CEOs experience just one dozen emotions across work and home life . Those twelve emotions are mostly negative : Being overwhelmed , frustrated , angry , disappointed , and fearful . When I quizzed 200 western CEOs on the personal pressure they felt in their jobs , a typical response was : "  I ca n't talk to the chairman because in the end he 's the one who is going to fire me . I ca n't talk to my finance director because ultimately I 'm going to fire him , and I ca n't tell my wife because I never see her and when I do , that 's the last thing she 'll want to talk about . " About half confided they find the job intensely lonely and do n't know who to turn to for advice . Indeed , Antonio Horta-Osorio 's leave of absence from Lloyds Banking Group this month illustrates how the stress of the CEO role can leave individuals ill . Why is it so difficult at CEO level ? The day to day pressures of the job are intense . Most CEOs are at the mercy of their diaries , their businesses , the press and their shareholders . With the western economies entering a long , hard winter , and the rising competitiveness of eastern businesses , CEOs in western countries face some of the harshest conditions of their careers . The long term personal toll can also be huge . One typical FTSE100 CEO told me : "  I have been married twice and have four kids and one grandchild . I ca n't remember the first two boys growing up when I was with my first wife . We separated when they were eight and nine . I ca n't remember them when they were young . " Most CEOs respond to this pressure -- and frequent self doubt -- by creating command and control systems . They take all crucial decisions , which are then meant to be executed lower down . The model depends on the CEO being an expert with good answers , typically based on their training as a finance director or deep commercial experience in their market . But the reality is almost all problems are channelled up to the top . So the CEO faces a huge burden . Is life different for CEOs in the east compared to the west ? I interviewed a hundred leading Chinese entrepreneurs for my next book , and found the CEOs are constantly near exhaustion . In contrast to western CEOs they are tired not by a hard economic reality but because they have huge dreams . Typically , they have not yet worked out how to manage the hyper-growth their dream and the booming market are creating . This can cause problems because businesses need the driving energy , strategic clarity , commercial grip and inspiration that a great CEO can provide if they are to deliver their full potential for their owners , staff , customers and society . Tired professional managers and exhausted dreamers will not get the best from their businesses . In the current hard economic winter in the west and booming spring of China , inspiration and trust from the top will be vital ingredients in getting the best returns from businesses . How can CEOs learn from different cultures ? Being a CEO is a huge and complicated job , and each business needs a bespoke approach . But CEOs can make a start with five steps : 1 . Clarify your dream . Western CEOs should learn from the Chinese . What do you truly dream of building ? Rediscover the excitement and thrill that drove you to the top in the first place . 2 . Build a fellowship . Most CEOs take too much direct personal control . It stifles those around you and it exhausts you . Learn to build a fellowship you trust and who will deliver for you every time . 3 . Rekindle the spirit of your business . Narayana Murthy , founder and chairman Emeritus of Infosys , arguably the most globally successful Indian business of the last 25 years , told me : "  To me , leadership is primarily about raising the aspirations of people , making people say that they will walk on water . " Use your dream to inspire your teams and businesses . Share it with business partners to help you build trust . 4 . Build a personal support system to ground you . Make rules to safeguard your recharge time , reconnect with your partners and kids and stay healthy . 5 . Get out of the day to day . The best CEOs work on business as usual by exception , not as the norm . They maintain a tight grip of their business with robust systems and review but do not lurch from day crisis to day crisis . Ultimately , CEOs who are suffering need to find a new way of leading . In this high octane world , they can either work in a new way or burn out .	Research shows CEOs experience a dozen mostly negative emotions during an average week Many western CEOS find the job intensely lonely , and do n't know where to seek advice Author Steve Tappin says Western CEOs could learn from the Chinese
Discipline is a key ingredient in the package required to succeed in the world of professional golf . Paula Creamer has not been found wanting in that department on her journey from military kid to major champion . The 2010 U.S. Open winner and darling of the LPGA Tour is the daughter of a Navy officer . The 25-year-old has racked up earnings of $ 9 million in her career so far and has decided the time has come to contribute to the military cause . Through her charitable foundation Creamer already helps to fund promising young golfers in the U.S. and Mexico -- now she wants to dedicate a large chunk of her time assisting people whose lives pivot around service to their country . With America still engaged in combat operations in Afghanistan and some of its military personnel still in Iraq , Creamer is offering support to wives and families of soldiers , veterans and reserves as well as those in active service . Giving it back : Golf 's ` Pink Panther ' invests in future stars "  I would n't be where I 'm at today if it was n't for the soldiers and everybody that fights for us , " she told CNN . "  I wanted something that I could truly relate to and I could really feel that all my hard work , my time and everything I do is going to go to , and that 's the military . " Family service Creamer 's father Paul flew for the Navy for 22 years before retiring in 1997 . Her uncle and her cousin are Marines -- the latter went to Iraq for eight months , and he is currently stationed at the Pentagon . Growing up in a military family , Creamer was expected to display the same kind of discipline that was such a vital component of her father 's job . "  I did n't understand why I had to do all my homework before I could go out and have fun , " she explains . "  I said , ` Dad you ca n't have these rules , I 'm not in the military . ' " But now , Creamer says : "  I 'm grateful for it , I do n't know any different ; there are no excuses when you are in the military , you live and fight till the death -- that 's kind of how he has looked at everything . " She is hoping to supplement a system in which the Department of Veterans Affairs offers pensions and compensations to the soldiers ' widows , taking into consideration the spouse 's military experience and the income of the widow . Helping those left behind Creamer knows firsthand the strain that can be put on the families of those that serve -- a common scenario being that wives run the family home while their husbands are locked in combat on the front line . "  My cousin has four sons , and his wife had to take care of four kids from the ages of one to six while he was gone . I 've seen what these wives had to go through because their husbands are taking care of us . I think that 's remarkable . "  The soldiers should get all the credit , but the wives are definitively up there with them , they 're the ones that make them want to come home and stay strong and fight . " Of the many memories Creamer retains from her childhood , one of the fondest is when her father dressed up in his military whites for a wedding . Paula 's mother Karen recalls : "  Her cousin got married , he had a military wedding at Annapolis and everybody wore whites . Paula saw them going through the swords and she was young , wiggly , but she enjoyed that . " During his time in the Navy , Creamer 's father was primed for action twice -- in Vietnam and during the first Iraq War -- but never deployed . Cousin 's call-up Creamer was 10 when her father retired , but he continued his role as a commercial pilot for American Airlines . Still , the family 's army links went on . When Creamer graduated from high school and became a fulltime LPGA member in 2005 , her cousin was on a tour of duty in Iraq . "  I wore an up-pin on my lapel that was his company and battalion insignia , " she explains . "  I wore it every round of golf I played starting the day they deployed to show support of Teague and all the brave men and women under his command during their entire deployment to Iraq . "  I did not take it off until the final member of his command returned to U.S. soil . " Now that she has decided to lend her support to army families , Creamer has picked the perfect person to help her vision become a reality -- her dad . "  To me he 's the best person for it , as he has a lot of ties within the military and he 's going to want to make it as big as we possibly can . I think he is a perfect person to take ownership in that sense . " Finding funding Born in Mountain View , California , Creamer now lives in Orlando , Florida . She is hoping to spread her project across the country . "  It is hard to say no to people who fight for all of us and our country , I have a big soft spot for them ; it was the way I grew up , to respect that , " she says . "  Appreciating others ' sacrifices , even simple chivalry -- how a man treats a woman , and also how you conduct yourself in front of people -- those are all rules that I 've always lived by and I feel it is important that I give back . " Her ultimate goal is to hold a tournament to raise money for the cause , and have both male and female stars along for the ride . "  I want to have a professional event , that would be my dream , we 've talked a lot about it , " she says . "  Logistics-wise I 'd love to have it with the men , that would be a lot of fun to do and it 'd bring a lot of interest . These days a lot of the guys have foundations that not necessarily are for the military but they are tying back to military things . " It can be daunting for someone so young to set such an organization , so Creamer has enlisted the help of friend and tennis pro James Blake , who runs the Thomas Blake Senior Memorial Cancer Research Fund , founded in memory of his father . She has also been to the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , which treats injured service personnel -- a visit she describes as inspirational . "  It was probably one of the most eye-opening experiences I 've had in my life . Getting to know people that just had their leg amputated , there are no words to describe how I felt . It puts everything into perspective . "	Ladies golf star Paula Creamer is to help families of soldiers through her foundation The 25-year-old won the 2010 U.S. Open and has made nearly $ 9m in her career so far Creamer 's father Paul served in the U.S. Navy for 22 years and will help her new project She wants to provide help and support to the wives and widows of U.S Army personnel
CNN  -- Police are still searching for an autistic teen that has been missing since he was last seen on video running out of his Long Island City , New York , school three days ago . Surveillance video shows 14-year-old Avonte Oquendo of Queens running out the door of Center Boulevard School in Long Island City at 12:38 p.m. Friday . Police say Oquendo is autistic and can not verbally communicate . "  It 's been heartbreaking . I just need to find my son because he needs his family , he can not fend for himself out there , " Avonte 's tearful mother Vanessa Fontaine told CNN affiliate WABC . "  This is just the hardest thing to have your child disappear , and you can not bring him home with you , " Fontaine said . According to the surveillance video provided by the NYPD , no supervisor or monitor stopped him when he ran out . "  He is supposed to have one-to-one supervision at all times , " Fontaine said through bouts of tears . "  He has the mental capacity of a 7 - or 8-year-old . " The New York City Department of Education issued a statement saying , "  We are working closely with police who are conducting an active investigation . " The school is not commenting . Police say Oquendo was last seen wearing a gray striped shirt , black jeans and black sneakers . He is 5 feet , three inches tall and weighs 125 pounds . Missing posters are being handed out and the surrounding areas are under investigation , WABC reported . "  He does n't know that , you know , ' I can get hurt in the street , someone can grab me and take me . ' He does n't know that , " Fontaine said Monday . "  He does n't know fear . " Anyone with information was asked to contact the NYPD 's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS . The public can also submit tips at Crime Stoppers website , nypdcrimestoppers.com or text to 274637  CRIMES  , then enter TIP577 .	Avonte Oquendo of Queens , 14 , has been missing since Friday Surveillance video shows him running away from his Long Island City school On video released by NYPD , no supervisor or monitor stop hims "  He can not fend for himself out there , " his tearful mother tells WABC
CNN  -- Manchester United have netted a sponsorship deal with American insurance giants Aon Corporation that will reportedly earn the Premier League champions a staggering $ 131 million over four years . United 's worldwide appeal has brought them a reported record $ 131m sponsorship with a U.S. insurance giant . That would send United to the top of football 's sponsorship income league ahead of the likes of Bayern Munich , Real Madrid and Chelsea . United chief executive David Gill did not reveal the figures involved but confirmed that the Chicago-based Aon brand will take over from another another U.S. company AIG on the club shirts from the start of the 2010/11 season . "  Today 's announcement clearly strengthens our position as one of the biggest clubs in world football , " Gill told the United Web site after unveiling the global partnership and principal sponsorship agreement . Gill confirmed : "  We are delighted to be entering such an important relationship with a company of the stature of Aon and to have its logo adorn our shirts from the start of the 2010/11 season . "  We look forward to being closely aligned with the world leader in risk management , a firm which shares our values and is an exciting partner for Manchester United . " President and chief executive officer of Aon , Greg Case , added : "  It is a unique opportunity when two leaders in their respective fields can come together in a partnership such as the one we are announcing today . "  Manchester United has one of the most recognised sports brands in the world . David  Gill  and his team are all about winning and about excellence ; the same holds true for the Aon team . We play to win in our business , and that is why we believe this partnership will create tremendous benefits for both organisations worldwide . "  While we are delighted that our brand will be showcased to over 330 million fans of Manchester United as well as the countless followers of football worldwide , we also are extremely excited about the opportunity to maximise the value of this partnership globally . "	Manchester United sign sponsorship deal with American insurance giants Aon Reports say it will earn Premier League champions $ 131million over four years That would send United to the top of football 's sponsorship income league
Southern Living  -- Explore Nashville , Tennessee , at five of Southern Living 's favorite spots for live music , local produce and more . The Bluebird Caf Located on Hillsboro Pike , in an unassuming strip mall between a Shell gas station and a McDonald 's , the Bluebird Caf is one of the top venues in America for hearing up-and-coming  and already famous  singers and songwriters . The small , 100-seat room is n't fancy , but an evening there sure is fun . Country , rock and contemporary Christian songwriters gather nightly for the 6 p.m. shows  6:30 p.m. on Friday through Sunday  , sometimes joined by Bluebird alumni , such as Kathy Mattea and Garth Brooks . 4104 Hillsboro Pike , bluebirdcafe.com Nashville Farmers ' Market You 'll find fresh food every day in downtown Nashville . Truckloads of homegrown melons , pattypan squash and enough peppers to make you whistle are hauled in early seven days a week in the shadow of the capitol . The sprawling market is home to dozens of sun-wizened growers , such as tomato guru Johnny Howell . Shopping and storytelling intertwine here . 900 Rosa Parks Blvd. , Open 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Monday-Saturday , nashvillefarmersmarket.org SouthernLiving.com : Nashville 's best hotels The Parthenon The centerpiece of Nashville 's Centennial Park , this full-scale re-creation of the ancient Greek Parthenon was built in 1897 as part of the city 's Centennial Exposition . The recently renovated building now serves as Nashville 's city art museum and features two galleries exhibiting American art from the 19th and 20th centuries , as well as temporary shows and exhibits . In addition to the artwork , the building also houses a 41-foot-tall statue of the Greek goddess Athena , sculpted by Tennessee artist Alan LeQuire in 1990 . 2600 West End Avenue , nashville.gov / parthenon SouthernLiving.com : Where to shop in Nashville RCA Studio B After taking in the sights at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum , take a tour of RCA Studio B. Located on downtown 's famed "  Music Row , " the recording studio  Nashville 's oldest  was built in 1957 and reopened as part of the museum in 1977 . In between , some of country 's biggest stars , including Elvis Presley  who cut 150 tracks there  , Roy Orbison , Dolly Parton , Willie Nelson and Lee Ann Rimes , recorded more than 1,000 top 10 hits in the studio . Today , Belmont University uses the facility to teach future recording engineers , musicians and singing stars the fine art of making music . RCA Studio B , 1611 Roy Acuff Place . Tours of the studio leave from the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum , 222 Fifth Avenue South , daily between 10:30 a.m. and 2:30 p.m. , countrymusichalloffame.org SouthernLiving.com : Local 's guide to Nashville Loveless Motel and Caf For more than 50 years , Vanderbilt University students , downtown office workers and thousands of other Nashville residents and visitors have made the trek south down Highway 100 to the Loveless for some of the best scratch biscuits and crispiest fried chicken in Tennessee . Located at the northern terminus of the Natchez Trace , the cozy eatery serves hearty , country-ham-adorned breakfasts , as well as classic meat 'n' three lunches and dinners daily . 8400 Highway 100 , lovelesscafe.com SouthernLiving.com : 7 Nashville restaurants you got ta try Get the best of the South delivered - recipes , decorating ideas and travel tips . Sign up for our weekly newsletter . Copyright 2011 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	The Bluebird Caf is a top venue for hearing up-and-coming singers Built in 1897 , the Parthenon is a full-scale re-creation of the Greek landmark Visit RCA Studio B where Elvis Presley , Dolly Parton and Willie Nelson recorded hits
CNN  -- The number of unexplained dolphin deaths on Cape Cod , Massachusetts , rose Friday , with rescuers tallying the toll at 103 . About 160 common dolphins have been found since the animals began stranding themselves in early January , said Michael Booth , a spokesman for the International Fund for Animal Welfare , the organization leading the rescue the effort . The beachings have puzzled investigators , as rescue team members struggle to treat , tag and transport the living dolphins to the outer Cape Cod coast to be released . While dolphin strandings are not uncommon on the cape , Katie Moore , a marine manager for the group , said earlier this week the event is extraordinary in its "  protracted " nature as well as the number of dolphins involved . "  There is a large variability year to year , " she said , but this event represents "  more than half my annual average in a month , " said Moore . Once beached , a dolphin is vulnerable to predators and susceptible to organ damage and sunburn . If a dolphin is still alive , the responders get it onto its stomach , if it is not already , for easier breathing . They keep away seagulls that would otherwise peck at it and warm it with blankets or cool it with water as necessary , Moore said . Necropsies had been performed on at least nine of the dolphins , and blood and microbial swab samples have been taken from some that were found alive , Moore said . So far , no pattern of disease or trauma has been found that would point to a cause . Although the winter and early spring are the normal time of year for dolphin strandings to occur , the weather this season has been unusually warm , leading to speculation about climate change and subsequently low "  distribution of prey " as possible causes . Wellfleet harbormaster Michael Flanagan had earlier explained that usually , in the winter , "  the harbor ices over and inhibits the animals from coming close to the shore . But now that the water is warmer , we 're seeing lots more dolphins washing up than ever before . " Moore cautioned that , while climate or other external factors such as acoustic disorientation ca n't be ruled out , "  we do n't have a single answer . "	103 dolphins die on Cape Cod , Massachusetts Common dolphins started coming ashore in early January The beachings have puzzled investigators
CNN  -- The husband of an accomplished Pittsburgh doctor has been arrested in connection with the death of his wife , the Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , district attorney 's office , said Thursday . Authorities have ruled that 41-year-old physician Autumn Klein 's cause of death was cyanide poisoning . It was not immediately clear whether Klein 's husband , Robert Ferrante , had retained representation . Klein was a physician and former head of women 's neurology at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . She died on April 20 . Officials said Ferrante was apprehended by West Virginia State Police after his car was stopped while heading north on Interstate 77 near Beckley , West Virginia . Ferrante is a researcher and professor of neurological surgery at the University of Pittsburgh . He has been placed on immediate and indefinite leave , according to John Andrew Fedele , a school spokesperson . As part of his position there , Ferrante managed a laboratory where he conducts trials of various drugs and chemicals , according to a criminal complaint . On April 17 , Allegheny County 911 dispatch received a call from Ferrante requesting medical assistance for his wife , who he said was possibly having a stroke , the complaint read . He described her condition as "  conscious and breathing , but not alert . " The complaint , citing witnesses , alleges that Ferrante requested the purchase of cyanide . It was delivered one day later , on April 16 . Cyanide is a naturally occurring toxic substance that can be found in seeds of different plants . It is widely distributed throughout research laboratories as a chemical used in scientific experiments . Cyanide interferes with the ability of the body to use oxygen to produce energy , which can lead to rapid death . According to the complaint , text messages were found between the couple on April 17 , the day Klein fell ill . The exchange included Ferrante suggesting creatine to Klein in hopes of stimulating egg production . When paramedics arrived , they found the victim on the floor of the kitchen with a plastic bag containing creatine . According to Karl Williams , chief medical examiner of Allegheny County , there is no connection with creatine and fertility . Creatine is a supplement that bodybuilders uses to increase body mass , Williams said . Sole and legal custody of Ferrante 's child has been placed with the maternal grandparents , according to a statement form the district attorney 's office . His financial assets have also been frozen . CNN 's Erinn Cawthon and Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report .	Autumn Klein , 41 , a physician , died on April 20 The cause of death was cyanide poisoning Her husband is a professor of neurological surgery at the University of Pittsburgh
CNN  -- Police in Malaysia are holding 11 people on suspicion of involvement in a militant group responsible for planning acts of terror , police spokeswoman Asmawati Ahmad said Sunday . There is no indication that the group , arrested last week , has any connection to the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , she said . The detainees are also suspected of having links to terrorists in other countries . Police plan to detain other suspects as a preemptive measure , Asmawati said . The arrests were made in the city of Selangor , just outside the capital Kuala Lumpur , and in the state of Kedah , which borders on Thailand . The neighboring country has closed and closely monitored the border with that region of Malaysia in a crackdown on terrorism , according to the CIA World Factbook . The violence in Thailand stems from ethnic Malay Muslim separatists . This year , they began targeting Thai Buddhist woman , killing them and mutilating their bodies , Human Rights Watch has reported . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report	Police are holding 11 people on suspicion of terrorist affiliations They plan to make more arrests as a preemptive measure Some of the arrests were made in a state bordering Thailand Southern Thailand is plagued by separatist violence from ethnic Malay Muslim militants
CNN  -- New Zealand is perceived as the least corrupt nation on earth , and Somalia and North Korea are seen as the most corrupt , a German watchdog organization said in a report released this week . The United States ranked 24th least corrupt on a "  corruption perceptions index , " the fifth-best in the Western Hemisphere . Canada ranked 10th , Barbados is 16th , the Bahamas is 21st and Chile is 22nd . Overall , the top spots are occupied mostly by European countries , with the exception of New Zealand , Singapore at No. 5 and Australia , which is tied for eighth with Switzerland . Other nations with top rankings are Denmark , Finland , Sweden , Norway and the Netherlands . In addition to Somalia and North Korea , which are tied for last at No. 182 , the bottom of the list includes Myanmar , Afghanistan , Uzbekistan , Turkmenistan , Sudan , Iraq , Haiti and Venezuela . The report was prepared by the independent , nonpartisan Transparency International organization , which says it drew its conclusions based "  on different assessments and business opinion surveys carried out by independent and reputable institutions . " The information used to compile the index includes "  questions relating to the bribery of public officials , kickbacks in public procurement , embezzlement of public funds and questions that probe the strength and effectiveness of public-sector and anti-corruption efforts , " Transparency International said . Perceptions are used , the organization said , because corruption is a hidden activity that is difficult to measure . "  Over time , " the organization said in its report , "  perceptions have proved to be a reliable estimate of corruption . " The rankings for other Western Hemisphere countries are : Uruguay  25  , Puerto Rico  39  , Costa Rica  50  , Cuba  61  , Brazil  73  , Colombia , El Salvador and Peru  tied for 80  , Panama  86  , Argentina and Mexico  tied for 100  , Bolivia  118  , Ecuador and Guatemala  tied for 120  , the Dominican Republic and Honduras  tied for 129  , Nicaragua  134  , Paraguay  154  , Venezuela  172  and Haiti  175  . The index uses a scale of 0-10 to measure perceived corruption , with zero representing highly corrupt and 10 being very clean . New Zealand , the highest-ranked nation , has a 9.5 score . Somalia and North Korea , the lowest-ranked , have 1.0 . The United States scored 7.1 , while Canada is 8.7 and Chile is 7.2 . Haiti , the lowest-ranked nation in the Western Hemisphere , scored 1.8 . Next-worst is Venezuela with 1.9 . In Eastern Europe and Central Asia , Turkey is ranked highest at 61 with 4.2 on the scale , and Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan are lowest , tied for 177 with a 1.6 index value . In the European Union and Western Europe , Denmark and Finland are best , tied for second with a 9.4 index value . Bulgaria is lowest at No. 86 with a 3.3 on the corruption scale . In the Middle East and North Africa , Qatar is best at No. 22 and a 7.2 index value . Iraq is lowest , ranked No. 175 with a 1.8 . In Sub-Saharan Africa , Botswana is ranked highest at No. 32 and a 6.1 index value . Transparency International , headquartered in Berlin , reports having 90 chapters worldwide . The organization says it works with partners in government , business and civil society to develop and implement effective measures to combat corruption . The complete report , released Thursday , can be seen at www.transparency.org .	Study looks at perceived corruption in countries The United States ranks No. 24 on the least corrupt end of scale Index is based partly on business opinion surveys
Forensic tests have found the blood of Michael Brown on the gun , uniform and police cruiser belonging to Officer Darren Wilson , who fatally shot the unarmed teen two months ago in Ferguson , Missouri , The New York Times reported . The revelation , provided by unnamed government officials familiar with a federal civil rights investigation , marked the first public account of Wilson 's testimony to investigators . That it could potentially serve as exculpatory evidence -- or at the very least , used by Wilson 's supporters to back the officer 's account of what transpired on Canfield Drive on August 9 -- immediately drew suspicion and anger from leading activists who portended an ominous reaction from Brown supporters . "  This is clearly constructed and contrived to justify the killing of Mike Brown , " Ferguson resident Pam Peters told CNN affiliate KTVI . Angela Whitman , a Ferguson resident who was among activists meeting with U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder there in August , found the newspaper account of Wilson 's testimony "  so hard to believe . " She said the report addressed only the initial encounter and not the subsequent fatal shooting , when some witnesses said Brown was surrendering with his hands up . But police said Wilson shot Brown after the teen attacked him and tried to take his gun . Whitman speculated that the account was leaked to the newspaper because a St. Louis County grand jury investigating the teen 's killing is now leaning toward not indicting the officer . "  If -LSB- Michael Brown -RSB- struggled with this officer , this still does not justify why this child is not alive , " Whitman said . "  If this young man did this , and struggled , that means he got free . And then witnesses said he turned around with his hands up . This kid should still be alive . "  There was speculation probably about a week ago , that Wilson will not be indicted , and that he is going to get off . People are more angry now . There 's more anger now than when the incident happened , " Whitman continued . Whitman worried whether the revelation would provoke another round of racially charged protests akin to the violent demonstrations immediately after Brown 's August 9 death in the St. Louis suburb . Wilson is white ; Brown was black . "  This is not a black and white thing , this is about what 's right and wrong . St. Louis is in trouble , because if this is what Darren Wilson said , and they believe him , St. Louis is going to burn , " Whitman said . "  I 'm so frustrated with this . It 's all for political gain . It 's become no longer about Mike Brown , " Whitman added . The officer 's account Wilson , 28 , a resident of the St. Louis area , has stayed out of the spotlight since the incident , and until now , few details have emerged publicly about his side of the story . Wilson told investigators he was trying to leave his car when Brown shoved him back in , the Times reported Friday night . Once in , Brown pinned him in his car and tried to get his gun , which made him fear for his safety , the newspaper reported , citing unnamed government officials familiar with the federal civil rights case . The officer told authorities that Brown hit him and scratched him repeatedly , leaving bruises on his face and neck , according to The Times . Analyst : "  Helpful testimony " for officer CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said the new account appears to be "  strong evidence " favoring the officer , but "  the real focus on the case will shift to what happened outside of the car when Michael Brown ran away , according to many witnesses , " Callan said . "  I think the focus will shift on the officer , " Callan said . "  He is not out of the woods yet , even though this is helpful testimony for him . "  The officer will claim here that because Michael Brown tried to kill him with his gun ... he was a danger to the public and to the officer in general , " Callan said . "  However , if , as some witnesses have said , Michael Brown turned with his hands up in a surrender gesture , well , then he 's no longer a threat to anybody and he can not be shot . "  The officer may be saying , well , that is not what 's happening . He was running towards me and trying to tackle me and he constitutes a continuing threat to my safety . So it will depend on what the grand jury believes which is the accurate version , " Callan said . Gun fired twice in car FBI forensic tests showed the gun was fired twice in the car , with one bullet hitting Brown 's arm while the second one missed , the newspaper said . In addition to Wilson 's uniform and gun , forensic tests found the teen 's blood on the interior door panel of his car , The Times said . His account did not include an explanation on why he shot at Brown even after they got out of the car , according to The Times . A preliminary autopsy showed the teen was shot at least six times , including twice in the head . Separate federal and local investigations are still ongoing , but the government officials said the evidence so far does not indicate that the officer violated any civil rights , The Times reported . CNN can not confirm the details of The Times ' report . A grand jury is considering whether Wilson should be tried on other charges . What happened in the car mostly a mystery Most of the accounts of Brown 's shooting have focused on what happened outside the car -- on the street -- with conflicting narratives between both sides . Dorian Johnson , 22 , who was walking with Brown on the street when the shooting occurred , told CNN that the officer pulled up and told them to get on the sidewalk . They told him they were almost home , and would be off the street shortly . The officer drove forward , but stopped and backed up , almost hitting the pair , Johnson said . "  We were so close , almost inches away , that when he tried to open his door aggressively , the door ricocheted both off me and Big Mike 's body and closed back on the officer , " he said . Witnesses ' version a stark contrast Still in his car , the officer grabbed Brown by his neck , but he tried to pull away as the officer pulled him toward him , Johnson said . The officer drew his weapon and fired , hitting Brown , Johnson said . A bloodied Brown took off running , but the officer followed him and fired , according to Johnson . Brown turned around with his hands up and told the officer he was unarmed , but the officer fired and the teen hit the ground , Johnson said . Another witness , Tiffany Mitchell , has said she saw Wilson and Brown "  tussling through the window " of the police cruiser . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests	Officer 's testimony helps him , but "  he is not out of the woods yet , " analyst says A leading activist finds account of officer 's testimony "  so hard to believe " Brown supporters are so angry that St. Louis area may "  burn , " activist warns Report : Evidence does not indicate any civil rights violations so far
CNN  A former U.S. Army enlistee who posted on Facebook about "  the adrenaline rush " of dying in jihad was arrested Friday and charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley military base in Kansas , authorities said . A second man , who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but did n't call authorities , was charged with failing to report a felony . John T. Booker Jr. of Topeka , an American citizen also known as Mohammed Abdullah Hassan , was taken into custody near Manhattan , Kansas , in a van that contained what he thought was a bomb , the criminal complaint said . The "  bomb " had actually been put together by two confidential informants with nonexplosive materials , the complaint said . Fort Riley 's security was never breached and no people were in danger , the U.S. Justice Department said in a press release . Booker enlisted in the Army last year and was due to ship out to basic training April 7 , 2014 , said Army spokesman Wayne Hall . The criminal complaint said the FBI questioned him March 24 , 2014 about comments posted on Facebook , such as , "  Getting ready to be killed in jihad is a HUGE adrenaline rush . I am so nervous . NOT because I 'm scare to die but I am eager to meet my lord . " Booker waived his Miranda rights and told the agents he enlisted to commit an insider attack against American soldiers like Maj. Nidal Hassan had done at Fort Hood , Texas , the complaint said . Hassan opened fire in a building in November 2009 , killing 13 people and wounding more than 30 . His enlistment was terminated March 24 , 2014 , at the request of Army Criminal Investigation Command , Hall said . Booker began communicating with a confidential informant later in 2014 , the complaint said , and often talked about his plans to engage in violent jihad in support of ISIS . He and the informant watched ISIS videos together , the complaint said , and Booker talked about how he wanted to go to Iraq and turn his weapon on American soldiers when ordered to shoot the enemy . On March 9 , Booker said he believed ISIS wanted him to commit a truck bombing in the United States and thought a good target would be nearby Fort Riley , a large Army base that 's home to the 1st Infantry Division , known as "  The Big Red One . " Booker said "  that detonating a suicide bomb is his No. 1 aspiration because he could n't be captured , all evidence would be destroyed and he would be guaranteed to hit his target , " the criminal complaint said . He made a video with a Fort Riley airfield in the background and said ISIS was coming to kill American soldiers , both abroad and in the United States , the complaint said . Booker acquired components for a bomb and rented a storage locker to store the components , the complaint said . The plan was for confidential informants to build a bomb and for Booker to drive to Fort Riley and detonate it , the complaint said . But the bomb was built with "  inert " parts and would never explode , the complaint said . On Friday , the informants and Booker drove to what Booker thought was a little-used utility gate near Fort Riley , the complaint said . While Booker was making final connections on the "  bomb , " the FBI arrested him , the complaint said . He was charged with one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , one count of attempting to damage property by means of an explosive and one count of attempting to provide material support to the Islamic State of Iraq , a designated foreign terrorist organization . If convicted , he could face life in prison . Alexander E. Blair , 28 , of Topeka was taken into custody Friday and charged with failing to report a felony . The FBI said agents interviewed Blair after Booker 's arrest . Blair said he shared some of Booker 's views , knew of his plans to detonate a vehicle bomb at Fort Riley and loaned him money to rent storage space , according to the FBI 's criminal complaint . He said he thought Booker would carry out his plan but did not contact authorities , the complaint said . If convicted , Blair faces a maximum of three years in prison .	Alexander Blair , 28 , of Topeka accused of knowing about bomb plot but not contacting authorities Fort Riley 's security was never breached and the device was "  inert " and not a threat , authorities say John T. Booker Jr. , 20 , of Topeka had acquired bomb parts and made a propaganda video , the Justice Department says
CNN  -- 2010 has , so far , been a great year for women in film . From Kathryn Bigelow 's record-breaking "  The Hurt Locker " to Lone Sherfig 's BAFTA-winning "  An Education , " women seem to be thriving behind the camera . But , these success stories are very much the exception in a male-dominated global industry . Amy Mole and Rachel Millward are two women trying to change that : They are , respectively , the managing director and founder of the Birds ' Eye View Film Festival which celebrates and promotes female filmmakers . Bird 's Eye View brings together female directors from Europe to Africa to participate in screenings and workshops . Mole hopes to inspire more young women to try their hand at directing and screenwriting -- long considered to be men 's work . Movies being screened include Drew Barrymore 's "  Whip It , " Mia Hansen-Love 's Cannes winner "  The Father of My Children " and "  Lourdes " by Jessica Hausner , a 2009 Venice Golden Lion nominee . Here Mole talks to CNN 's The Screening Room about the particular challenges facing women looking for their big break and how the festival hopes to help . The Screening Room : What is the aim of the Bird 's Eye View Film Festival ? Amy Mole : The festival is there to promote and showcase the best of women across the world . We bring over women from lots of different countries ... this year we have film makers from Kenya and from Spain , and South Africa as well as lots of other places . TSR : What is the situation of women in the film industry and does this vary from country to country ? What are the specific challenges women face in , for example , East Africa ? AM : The interesting thing about the role of the director as a woman in film is that it does n't really change depending on which county you 're in . The restrictions that exist around that role and the problems for women in that role exist everywhere . TSR : What kinds of challenges do women in the film industry face ? AM : Knowing that the role of the director is erratic and the schedule is all over the place and very demanding , knowing that , it means that child rearing actually becomes a massive issue and being on location -- quite often for long periods of time -- makes it really , really limiting and makes it really , really hard to actually be a mom . TSR : What is the single biggest challenge for a woman who wants to enter the industry ? AM : I think that bringing up children whilst being in the role of director is the biggest challenge and I think it 's something that needs to be recognized , so ideally the industry will respond to that . I think it is a real challenge , and I think since early cinema it has become a very male dominated industry and we 've had , sadly , reports of sexism on set which is a real worry . Obviously , those reports are n't commonplace ... Everyone needs to know that that 's the case and we need to support the women in the industry . TSR : What is the festival doing to promote women in film ? AM : We 're launching two training labs , which are held at Bird 's Eye View throughout the year . One of them is a screenwriting program called "  She Writes , " which is for screenwriters who are emerging in the industry . They follow a year long mentoring program , specifically on scripts that they 're working on . We 're also launching another lab , which is an animation lab called "  Reanimates , " which is in partnership with WARP Films . Now , that project is about brining together screenwriters and animators . The process it follows is the same as "  She Writes , " so it 's a mentoring program ... the result will be that two or three projects will be taken on the development slate of WARP Films . TSR : Do you have any statistics about women in the industry ? AM : We know that in 2007 only seven percent of directors in the UK were women . This spiked up slightly in 2008 to 12 percent , but since the recession hit , we 've had reports that it 's gone down as much as 20 percent . Screenwriters are n't much better off either . In 2007 , it was 12 percent , and it went up to 18 percent in 2008 . But again , that 's dipped as we 've gone into the recession . TSR : What are the most popular roles for women in the industry ? AM : ; There 's a lot of female editors and there 's a lot of producers . We had an interesting chat with someone the other day , about women editors in early cinema and how editing was likened to sewing , which is why it was more permissible in the female domain . So , there 's more female actresses and producers , but directors and screenwriters is where the real problem is .	The Bird 's Eye View Film Festival promotes women in film London-based fest brings together directors from Europe to Africa UK premiere of actress Drew Barrymore 's directorial debut "  Whip It " Festival director : " ... We need to support the women in the industry "
"  Trust needs to be rebuilt . " That 's what German Chancellor Angela Merkel firmly asserted early Friday -- as she had the previous day -- in the wake of reports the U.S. National Security Agency had eavesdropped on her cell phone . This claim and others that she and other world leaders have been spied on had "  severely shaken " relationships between Europe and the United States , the German leader said . "  Obviously , words will not be sufficient , " Merkel said in the wee hours Friday at a summit of European Union leaders . "  True change is necessary . " Talk of the NSA 's reported spying on Germany and other allies dominated Merkel 's news conference in Brussels , Belgium . It illustrated the anger over this story in Europe and the challenges facing Washington because of it . The Chancellor insisted she is n't the only one concerned ; other European leaders , she said , voiced similar sentiments during the first day of the summit Thursday . Her comments echoed some she 'd made upon arriving Thursday in Belgium , when she said that discussions of "  what sort of data protection do we need and what transparency is there " should now be on European leaders ' agenda . "  We need trust , ... " she said . "  Spying among friends is never acceptable . " Germany : U.S. might have monitored Merkel 's phone U.S. President Barack Obama understands it 's a "  necessity " for change from his nation 's perspective , according to Merkel , who spoke with the American leader on Wednesday after Germany 's government said it had information the United States might have monitored her phone . She told Obama that eavesdropping among friends is "  never acceptable , no matter in what situation , " she said . On Thursday , White House spokesman Jay Carney repeated what he said Wednesday -- that Obama assured Merkel that the United States is not monitoring and will not monitor her communications . And in a USA Today op-ed published online Thursday night , Obama 's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser Lisa Monaco conceded that recent "  disclosures have created significant challenges in our relationships . " To address them , the President has ordered a "  review  of  our surveillance capabilities , including with our foreign partners , " she wrote . "  We want to ensure we are collecting information because we need it and not because we can , " said Monaco . The German allegation comes in the same week that French daily newspaper Le Monde reported claims the NSA intercepted more than 70 million phone calls in France over 30 days . And The Guardian newspaper -- citing a document obtained from U.S. government contractor-turned-whistleblower Edward Snowden -- reported Thursday that the NSA monitored phone conversations of 35 world leaders . The confidential memo is from 2006 , which is before Obama became president . None of the monitored world leaders is identified . The phone numbers were among 200 handed over to the NSA by a U.S. official , the memo states . Others were encouraged to share their "  rolodexes " with the agency , according to the document , even though tracking until then had yielded "  little reportable intelligence . " Like Carney , NSA spokeswoman Caitlin Haden refused "  to comment publicly on every specific intelligence activity . " "  As we have made clear , " she added , " ... the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations . " European leaders push for data protection It 's not clear how well such explanations will be received by Washington 's allies in Europe elsewhere , or how significantly it has and will continue to affect the European Council meeting . The two-day summit was supposed to focus on the digital economy and economic and social policy issues , as well as concerns about EU migration after a recent shipwreck off an Italian island in which hundreds of migrants from Africa died . But French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault told the French National Assembly on Tuesday that France would ask for the question of electronic surveillance to be added to the agenda . The EU leaders were expected to discuss data protection issues as part of their debate on the digital economy . Viviane Reding , vice president of the European Commission , called for EU nations to commit to adopting a data protection law in light of the recent spying scandals . "  Data protection must apply to everyone -- whether we are talking about citizens ' e-mails or Angela Merkel 's mobile phone , " she said . "  We now need big European rules to counter big fears of surveillance . "  At the summit today , Europe 's heads of state and government must follow words with action : They should commit to adopting the EU Data Protection Reform by spring 2014 . This would be Europe 's declaration of independence . Only then can Europe credibly face the United States . " ` Completely unacceptable ' Even before the latest allegations , Germany and other nations had expressed concerns about alleged U.S. spying after Snowden -- a former National Security Agency contractor -- leaked classified information about American surveillance programs . Spy chief : reports of NSA logging French phone calls are false German news magazine Der Spiegel reported in June that leaks from Snowden detailed how the agency bugged EU offices in Washington and New York , and conducted an "  electronic eavesdropping operation " that tapped into an EU building in Brussels . Merkel spoke with Obama by phone in July about allegations that the United States was conducting surveillance on its European allies . Merkel made it clear that if the information about the U.S. having monitored her phone were true , it would be "  completely unacceptable , " spokesman Steffen Seibert said of Wednesday 's call with Obama . A spokesman for David Cameron declined to answer questions Thursday about whether the British Prime Minister 's phone had been tapped by the United States , following Germany 's suspicion about U.S. monitoring of Merkel 's cell phone . "  I am not going to comment on matters of security or intelligence , " the spokesman told reporters at a regular briefing . Ayrault : ` Shocking ' claims Ayrault described the report of widespread spying by the NSA on French calls as "  worrying " and "  shocking , " saying that security should not be guaranteed at the price of a loss of freedom . Report : U.S. intercepts French phone calls on a ` massive scale ' However , U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper suggested that the claims made by Le Monde were false . The articles "  contain inaccurate and misleading information regarding U.S. foreign intelligence activities , " a written statement from his office said Tuesday . It added that the United States does gather intelligence of "  the type gathered by all nations . " Nonetheless , the allegations prompted a flurry of diplomatic activity this week between the United States and France . Obama and French President Francois Hollande spoke about the claims Monday . "  The President and President Hollande discussed recent disclosures in the press -- some of which have distorted our activities and some of which raise legitimate questions for our friends and allies about how these capabilities are employed , " a White House statement said . "  The President made clear that the United States has begun to review the way that we gather intelligence , so that we properly balance the legitimate security concerns of our citizens and allies with the privacy concerns that all people share . " Hollande 's office said the President expressed his "  deep disapproval with regard to these practices " to Obama and that such alleged activities would be unacceptable between allies and friends . The two Presidents agreed that French and American intelligence services would cooperate on investigating the report , according to the statement from the French President 's office . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry also met Tuesday to discuss the claims . The U.S. ambassador to France , Charles Rivkin , was summoned to the French Foreign Ministry in Paris on Monday to discuss the alleged spying . Claims of U.S. spying , resulting from leaks by Snowden , have also soured U.S. relations with Mexico and Brazil . Der Spiegel recently published allegations , citing Snowden as its source , that the U.S. National Security Agency "  systematically " eavesdropped on the Mexican government and hacked the public e-mail account of former Mexican President Felipe Calderon . Mexico to summon U.S. ambassador over spying allegations	U.S. official : "  Surveillance capabilities , including with ... foreign partners " under review German leader : "  True change is necessary " on part of the U.S. U.S. is n't monitoring Merkel 's communications , White House insists France is angry about claims the NSA intercepted millions of phone calls in France
CNN  -- Ten days later and despite an $ 11,000 reward , police have not found a missing 5-year old Arizona girl . Jahessye Shockley wandered out of her Glendale , Arizona home on October 11 , unnoticed by her older siblings who were supposed to be watching her . Her mother called police after returning home from an errand . In the first three days after the girl went missing , Glendale police wrapped up a grid search of her neighborhood and moved into the second phase of their investigation where they are following up on tips they receive from the public . Family members have begged for information on Jahessye 's whereabouts . "  Please bring my baby back ... Her safe return is all I want , " Jahessye 's mother , Jerice Hunter , said last week . "  She belongs to this family ... She 's somebody 's child . Mine . Please bring my child home . " Shirley Johnson , the girl 's grandmother , said she is wondering why the national media has n't spread the word on the case . "  I want the national media to pick it up ... I wo n't stop til they do . I do n't know why it 's not national now , " Shirley Johnson , Jahessye 's worried grandmother , told CNN affiliate KPHO Thursday . "  They have the ability to make sure someone from across the nation knows what 's going on . " Jahessye 's case has been mentioned in the Washington Post and the Huffington Post in recent days . But it has not received much national television coverage compared to cases like Baby Lisa , the 11-month-old missing Missouri girl . That case has received daily national news coverage and has been featured on the cover of People magazine . Retired police officer and child advocate Paul Penzone told KPHO that he noticed the lack of national media coverage . "  I do n't know what 's missing or why , but in our community this is a big deal , " said Penzone . "  Continued coverage absolutely is critical . The eyes of the community are going to be biggest tool for law enforcement if this little girl is somewhere where she can be seen and recovered . " On the day she disappeared Jahessye was left home with her 13 - , 9 - and 6-year-old siblings , police said . The children have been interviewed separately by experts and have maintained that they do not know what happened to her , Glendale police Sgt. Brent Coombs has said . Ann $ 11,000 reward has been offered in the case . Jahessye is described as a black female about 3 feet 5-inches tall , 55 pounds with black hair in a ponytail and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a white t-shirt , blue jean shorts and pink sandals . Anyone with information about Jahessye 's disappearance is asked to call the Glendale Police Department at 623-930-HELP  4357  .	Jahessye Shockley was last seen on October 11 An $ 11,000 reward has been offered in the case "  I want the national media to pick it up , " her grandmother says "  Continued coverage absolutely is critical , " a retired police officer says
CNN  -- A U.S. District Court judge has overturned South Carolina 's ban on same-sex marriage . The ruling , by Judge Richard M. Gergel in Charleston , does not mean an immediate issuance of marriage licenses for same-sex couples , however . The judge set the order to go into effect on November 20 , to give opponents time to appeal if they wish . Gergel , who was appointed by President Barack Obama , issued a permanent injunction against enforcement of provisions of the state constitution or state laws or policy "  to the extent that they seek to prohibit the marriage of same sex couples . " If the judge 's ruling stands and same-sex marriage becomes legal , South Carolina would become the 33rd state in which same-sex marriage has become legal . Same-sex marriage is under court review in Arkansas , Florida , Kansas , Louisiana and Texas . It is banned in 12 other states .	A South Carolina judge overturns the state 's ban on same-sex marriage The order is set to go into effect on November 20 Those opposed might appeal by then
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A rarely seen portrait of Michael Jackson is on display inside a Harlem luxury car dealership . Macky Dancy , a partner at Dancy-Power Automotive , said the oil painting titled "  The Book " is believed to be the only portrait for which Jackson sat . The oil painting titled "  The Book " is on display at Dancy-Power Automotive in Harlem , New York . A different portrait of the entertainer was among items auctioned from his Neverland Ranch in April . It is not clear whether Jackson sat for that painting . The painting on display in Harlem belongs to Marty Abrams , a friend and customer of the owners of the high-profile dealership . The 40-inch by 50-inch portrait , by Australian painter Brett Livingstone-Strong , sold for $ 2.1 million in 1990 . Abrams acquired it as part of an unrelated business deal in 1992 and had it stored . The painting shows Jackson sitting in Renaissance-era clothes and holding a book . Jackson sat for the portrait because he was a friend of Livingstone-Strong 's . The painting was unveiled at the Dancy-Power Automotive Group showroom on Thursday but was removed Friday because of crowd concerns . It returned to the showroom floor Monday morning . Dancy said the painting 's owner chose the showroom because it 's near the Apollo Theater in Harlem , where the Jackson 5 won their first taste of fame by winning Amateur Night in 1967 . He said Abrams hopes the painting in some way can raise money for charities in the Harlem neighborhood . Dancy said Abrams is not necessarily interested in selling the portrait . When news broke about the resurfacing of the painting , Dancy said , he received a phone call from representatives of Livingstone-Strong , the artist . Now , Dancy said , "  We are in the middle of possibly putting together the artist with the painting again . Maybe for some auctions or charitable shows or something of the sort . " The showroom features Rolls-Royces , Ferraris and other pricey cars and is famous for its celebrity clientele .	Oil painting said to be the only portrait for which Michael Jackson sat Painting is displayed at Harlem-based automotive showroom It shows Jackson in Renaissance-era clothes , holding a book Partner : Painting 's owner chose showroom because it 's near Apollo Theater
CNN  -- Three people were taken to a hospital and others were treated at an airport after an Aruba-to-Miami flight encountered turbulence while making its initial descent into Miami , an American Airlines spokesman said . The incident occurred Tuesday night aboard Flight 1780 , about 30 minutes before it landed at 6:06 p.m. , Matt Miller said . Two flight attendants and one passenger were taken to a hospital , where they were treated and released , and a handful of other passengers received medical attention at the Miami airport , Miller said . "  It appears that we had approximately 12 patients , " said Michelle Fayed , a spokeswoman for Miami-Dade Fire . The turbulence lasted about 15 seconds , Miller said . The Boeing 757 's seat belt sign was on at the time , and nothing on radar showed turbulence was in the area . The flight left Aruba at 3:30 p.m. , carrying 185 passengers and a crew of six , Miller said . Disastrous trip , dream photo ? Show us . Turbulence terrifies you ? Buckle up Turbulence tales : ` It was just so terrifying ' Turbulence injures three flight attendants on flight to Miami	About 12 people were injured , authorities say The turbulence occurred as the Aruba-to-Miami flight was landing Three people were taken to a hospital , an American Airlines spokesman says
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Rand Paul has gotten questions from the media lately at nearly every stop and in almost every interview about where he stands on combating the threat of ISIS . Because he 's seriously thinking about running for president , his positions on major issues are being carefully scrutinized . In an interview Monday on Fox News , Paul was asked : "  If a vote were to come to Congress to ask you to go to war against ISIS -- and to call it that -- would you vote yes ? " "  Yes , " he responded , though he added that he 'd try to sunset the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force , a measure that the Obama administration is using as the legal basis for airstrikes against ISIS . It was passed shortly after the 9/11 attacks and has been used for military action against terrorism ever since . "  I do favor doing something about ISIS . I would vote yes , " he continued . While Paul gave a general "  yes " to the broad question of going to war with ISIS , his position appears to be much more nuanced . And it 's possible he could be voting "  no " to a key element of the President 's ISIS plan in the near future . Paul has said he does n't support the arming and training of vetted Syrian rebels to fight against the militant group . The United States has already supplied arms to Syrian rebels in the past year , and Paul said Monday on CBS that it would be a "  mistake " to ramp up that effort . "  Most of the arms we 've given to the so-called ` moderate ' rebels have wound up in the hands of ISIS , because ISIS simply takes it from them , or it 's given to them , or we mistakenly actually give it to some of the radicals , " he said on "  This Morning . " Congress plans to start voting as early as Wednesday on arming and training the rebels . A provision is being added to a must-pass stopgap spending bill and is expected to pass in the House . It 's also expected to pass in the Senate with bipartisan support , but the timing and process is not exact . It seems that if a measure came to the Senate that only approves the training/arming of Syrian rebels , Paul would not support such action . His political adviser , Doug Stafford , told CNN that the senator "  said he would vote to authorize strikes against ISIS , not arm their allies . " And what if President Obama were to come to Congress , as Paul has requested , and ask for approval for airstrikes and arming the rebels , all in the same package ? Stafford said , "  There are a lot of variables and  Paul  will read the language " of any authorization measure brought forward before he makes a decision . "  There will be many factors and the specifics are important , " he added . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Deirdre Walsh and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Rand Paul says he does n't support arming Syrian rebels in ISIS fight But he says "  yes " when asked whether he would vote to go to war against ISIS Part of the President 's plan to fight ISIS includes arming Syrian rebels
CNN  -- Libyans erupted in jubilation Thursday from the very first incomplete reports that ousted leader Moammar Gadhafi was dead . A "  cacophony of celebration " could be heard in Tripoli as ships and cars blasted their horns and shots were fired into the air , said CNN 's Dan Rivers . "  It is very , very loud -- a lot of excitement , " Rivers said . "  It 's a great moment , " said Mahmoud Shammam , information minister for Libya 's National Transitional Council . "  I 've been waiting for this moment for decades , and I 'm thanking God that I 'm alive to see this moment . " Video footage showed a Tripoli street where people embraced and jumped in joy and crowds ran alongside vehicles . Other rejoicing people were hanging out of car windows and sunroofs and gathered in the beds of pickup trucks . The sound of cheering could be heard , along with a call to prayer . Outside a hotel , staff including chefs wearing their white hats gathered , dancing and waving Libyan flags . "  They 're breathing a huge sigh of relief here , " Rivers said . Many Libyans were concerned that a free Gadhafi might play a role in destabilizing Libya in the future , he said . In Sirte -- Gadhafi 's hometown and the city where he was discovered -- video showed people gathering in celebration , some riding on the tops of cars waving Libyan flags and shooting guns in the air as horns honked . One man , dressed in fatigues and carrying a weapon , ran up and kissed a television camera . Others chanted , danced and waved their hands in the air , some flashing the "  peace " sign . Many had suspected Gadhafi was hiding in Sirte after revolutionary forces took Tripoli in August . He had not been seen in public in months . A former regime loyalist who did not want to be identified said in an e-mail to CNN that Gadhafi 's death was "  good for the Libyan people " because both his supporters and opponents "  can see a valid point in his death that they can relate to , although for different reasons . " His supporters , he said , can find "  remedy for their belief that he was on the right side of history defending his country " from NATO occupation . Gadhafi 's death "  will end morally and practically the NATO involvement . " In addition , he said , "  his supporters see him as a martyr , and this gives them  a  sense  of  pride , which provides a psychological remedy " for many of them . His opponents can find justification for their belief that they fought "  a liberation battle for a better future , better democratic society , better Libya generally . " Gadhafi 's death will bring them "  the heights of their sense of satisfaction for what they did , " he wrote . If Gadhafi had been captured alive , this former regime loyalist wrote , it would have "  intensified  supporter 's  effort to destabilize society further , for the hope that either they might be able to liberate him , or get one of his sons to power . " That , he said , "  would bring more destruction and devastation to society in general at all levels ; including the death of many people . " If the ousted leader had been put on trial , the former loyalist added , it "  would have open  ed  many doors of disagreement that might lead to fight  ing  , if not mass civil war . " Social media sites such as Twitter showed users expressing support for the Libyans and noting that Gadhafi 's death would be another victory in a year that has seen the ouster of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and former Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , as well as the death of Osama bin Laden . Those from countries that participated in the so-called Arab Spring issued messages of support for Libyans . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Celebrations erupt in the Libyan cites of Tripoli and Sirte Drivers , ships sound their horns as celebratory gunshots are fired Outside a hotel , staffers dance and wave Libyan flags
Two deadly attacks in two days in the city of Volgograd have once again raised the specter of terrorism in Russia , just weeks before the country is due to hold the 2014 Winter Olympics . At least 16 people were killed Monday when an explosion hit a trolleybus during the morning rush hour . Less than 24 hours earlier , a blast at Volgograd 's main train station killed 18 people . Authorities quickly labeled both acts terrorist attacks . And while no group immediately claimed responsibility , suspicion quickly fell on Chechen separatist groups . One in particular , the Caucasus Emirate , has said it will expend "  maximum force " in disrupting the Olympic games in Sochi . Here 's a look at the ongoing conflict in Russia 's North Caucasus region , at how the violence has spilled over into the rest of the country , and why Volgograd may have been targeted . Second blast rocks Russian city Q . Who is behind the attack ? A. That 's hard to say since no group has yet stepped forward . While the Caucasus Emirate has made incendiary statements vowing attacks , the explosions could be the work of any number of autonomous groups fighting in the North Caucasus region . Then again , they could also be the handiwork of another group altogether , one that has nothing to do with the conflict in the region . Q . Why has suspicion fallen on the Caucasus Emirate ? A . In July , Doku Umarov , the group 's leader , released a video statement in which he vowed to unleash "  maximum force " to disrupt the games at Sochi . The Russians , he said , " plan to hold the Olympics on the bones of our ancestors , on the bones of many , many dead Muslims buried on the territory of our land on the Black Sea , and we Mujahedeen are obliged not to permit that -- using any methods allowed us by the almighty Allah . " Q . Why were Umarov 's threats taken seriously ? A. Because Umarov is Russia 's most-wanted man . The U.S. State Department , which considers the Caucasus Emirate a terrorist group , has a $ 5 million reward for information leading to him . The State Department said Umarov organized a suicide bombing outside the Chechen Interior Ministry in May 2009 . His group also claimed responsibility for the bombing of Domodedovo Airport in Moscow in 2011 that killed 36 people , the 2010 bombings of the Moscow subway that killed 40 people , and the 2009 bombing of the high-speed Nevsky Express train in which 28 people died . Q . How did Russian authorities react ? A. Russian President Vladimir Putin has maintained that the Sochi games will be safe and security will be tight . Visitors to Sochi and the surrounding area are subjected to rigorous security checks , and vehicle license plates are monitored . Chechnya 's leader , Ramzan Kadyrov , vowed that the threat Umarov poses will be contained before the start of the games . "  He is Satan . I am certain that we will eliminate him before the Olympics , " Kadyrov said after Umarov 's statement . But the Volgograd attacks have laid bare the challenge in ensuring the safety throughout the massive country . Q . Why was Volgograd targeted ? A . One reason could be because Volgograd is a major rail hub . If you are traveling from Moscow or other parts of central Russia , you travel through Volgograd to get to Sochi . It 's also the rail station you travel through to get to and from the North Caucasus . Opinion : Attacks show Sochi Olympics under grave threat Q . What is the North Caucasus region ? A. It 's a region that comprises the Russian republics of Chechnya , Dagestan , Ingushetia , Kabardino-Balkaria and North Ossetia . And it 's a part of the world that 's no stranger to violence and terrorism . Q . What is the source of the conflict ? A . The conflict dates back many years and has exacted a heavy toll on both sides . Chechens have laid claim to land in the Caucasus Mountains region for more than 5,000 years . The standard of living in the republics is poor compared with the rest of Russia . Unemployment is rampant and infant mortality is high . In addition , the Chechen population of about 1 million is mostly made up of Sunni Muslims , who maintain a distinctly different cultural and linguistic identity from Russian Orthodox Christians . In 1991 , Chechnya formally announced its fight for independence , saying it never joined Russia voluntarily . Q . What happened next ? A. Initially , the Russian government did not take the pronouncement seriously . But after a series of rebel attacks , then-Russian President Boris Yeltsin sent in 40,000 Russian troops in 1994 to quash the insurgency . Two years later , the forces withdrew after heavy losses on both sides . Russia and Chechnya declared a ceasefire . And though Russia still claimed it as part of its federation , the region was allowed to operate with substantial autonomy . But the peace did n't last . Q . Why did n't the ceasefire hold ? A. Hardline rebels continued to launch attacks . And many of the deadliest took place in other parts of Russia . In September 1999 , for example , rebels bombed apartment buildings in Moscow and the southern cities of Buynaksk and Volgodonsk . Nearly 300 people died . Q . What did Russia do next ? A. Then-Prime Minister Vladimir Putin vowed to crack down on the insurgency by sending in troops , a promise that partly ensured his election as president the following year . A second war followed from 1999 to 2009 , killing an estimated 15,000 Russian soldiers and 300,000 Chechens . More than one-third of Chechenya 's residents were displaced and the region 's infrastructure was reduced to ruins . The United Nations in 2002 named Chechnya 's capital , Grozny , "  the most destroyed city on the planet . " Human rights groups said Moscow disregarded or suspended civil rights in its fight against terrorism , including committing illegal killings . For their part , Chechen rebels also horrified the world with high-profile attacks targeting civilians . Q . What were some of the deadliest attacks ? A. Chechen fighters held 700 theater-goers hostage in a Moscow theater in 2002 . A Russian effort to free them resulted in the deaths of 120 hostages . Chechen rebels were also accused of downing two Russian airplanes in 2004 . And they took over a school in Beslan in the North Ossetia region in 2004 . When the siege ended , more than 330 people had died , half of them children . Just as Putin proclaimed that his policies were succeeding in Chechnya , the pro-Moscow president of the region and 20 others were killed by a bomb that went off under a stadium grandstand in 2004 . But by 2009 , Russia had quashed the rebel movement to the point that it officially declared the war over . Q . What is the situation in the region today ? A. Violence in Chechnya has ebbed , particularly following the death of Islamist militant Shamil Basayev in July 2006 in neighboring Ingushetia . Kadyrov , a former rebel , is president of a pro-Moscow Chechen government . Rights groups say he rules with an iron fist and little regard for law . Q . What about the insurgency ? A . The insurgency itself has not so much ended as it has moved to the east and the west -- to the republics of Dagestan and Ingushetia , where rebels are fighting troops to destabilize the region . It has also attracted foreign Islamist militants ready to fight for the cause . "  Chechnya 's long and violent guerrilla war has attracted a small number of Islamist militants from outside of Chechnya -- some of whom are Arab fighters with possible links to al Qaeda , " the Council on Foreign Relations said . An International Crisis Group report published in October 2012 warned that continued ethnic , religious , political and economic grievances could bring increased tensions in the North Caucasus region . "  The killing is unlikely to end soon , " it said . Q. Was n't there mention of the conflict during the Boston Marathon bombing coverage ? A. Yes , the insurgency in the region made news after the deadly bombing at the Boston Marathon earlier this year . The suspects , Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , were born in Kyrgyzstan but were ethnic Chechens . Kadyrov distanced his republic from the brothers in Boston , saying , "  They grew up in the U.S. and their views and beliefs were formulated there . So you need to look for the roots of the evil in America . " Russia 's Putin visits victims of Volgograd blasts	After two bombings in Volgograd , suspicion has fallen on the North Caucasus Conflict has racked the Russian region for almost two decades One Chechen separatist group has threatened to disrupt Russia 's Olympics Chechen rebels started out fighting for independence from Moscow in the 1990s
Tokyo  CNN  -- The search for bodies from an erupting volcano in central Japan was suspended Thursday as weather conditions deteriorated . Officials are concerned that heavy rainfall could increase the threat of an avalanche of accumulated ash on Mount Ontake . As of Thursday morning , 47 bodies had been recovered from the mountain , with 42 people identified so far , according to Nagano prefectural police . Ontake unleashed a huge cloud of ash late Saturday morning that billowed down the mountainside and engulfed hikers in its path . Witnesses described hearing a sound like thunder when the eruption began . Authorities estimated there were 200 to 250 hikers in the area at the time of the eruption . Most of them were reported to have managed to make the long trek down the mountain . But some people remained trapped in several lodges on Ontake , and others were missing altogether , local authorities said . Hundreds join search Soldiers from Japan 's Self Defense Force  SDF  have joined hundreds of police and firefighters in the search this week , with 11 helicopters deployed to carry bodies from the mountain 's slopes . Though some of the victims were still being examined by the local coroner , the cause of death for those officially pronounced dead was recorded as injury from direct hits by volcanic cinders , police said . The Japan Meteorological Agency -- which has raised the Volcanic Alert Level for Ontake from 1 to 3 , meaning the public is advised to not approach the volcano -- has warned that another large eruption could take place in the next few days . Mount Ontake , at 10,060 feet  3,067 meters  , is the second tallest volcano in Japan after Mount Fuji , and a popular destination for hikers , especially in the fall when richly-colored autumn foliage is on display . The last major eruption of Ontake , which is about 125 miles  200 kilometers  west of Tokyo , took place in 1979 , according to the Global Volcanism Program at the Smithsonian Institute . That eruption lasted months , spewing out more than 200,000 tons of ash , Japanese news agency Kyodo reported .	NEW : Bad weather halts search for more bodies on Mount Ontake Of the 47 known victims , 42 bodies have now been identified , Japanese police said Mount Ontake began erupting Saturday , unleashing a cloud of ash that engulfed hikers Seismologists warn that another big eruption could take place in the coming days
CNN  -- Heavy rain , hilly terrain and inadequate equipment slowed efforts to recover hundreds of people feared killed by a massive landslide in eastern Uganda , officials said Thursday . About 300 people were missing and feared dead after Monday 's landslide , including 100 students , said Catherine Ntabadde , a spokeswoman for the Ugandan Red Cross Society . At least 87 bodies had been recovered , she said . Officials have lowered the death toll , from 106 , since Tuesday . "  We found some body parts , which we have decided not to count as a whole for now , " said Musa Ecweru , the minister for disaster preparedness . Hundreds of rescuers , including the nation 's military , used shovels and hoes to dig through the mud in a desperate search for survivors . Residents from nearby villages joined in , some armed with garden tools , while others used their bare hands . Have you been affected by the mudslides ? Share your images , video "  It 's impossible to take bulldozers and any heavy equipment to the site . The earth is very delicate and heavy machinery may cause more landslides , " Ntabadde said . The terrain also is inaccessible by road , Ecweru said . The area is so steep that evacuees are walking about 6 miles  10 kilometers  to nearby camps . The Red Cross , United Nations and World Food Program are helping provide food , water and other essentials , such as blankets , to the displaced , officials said . They 've also set up mobile clinics to provide medical care . Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni flew to the site of the landslide Wednesday and attended a funeral for victims . A select few attended the service , because of the risk of more landslides , Ecweru said . Museveni ordered the nearly 4,000 people living nearby to be evacuated to permanent locations in less hilly terrain . The chances of finding survivors were fading as heavy rain pounded the area , leaving rescuers focusing on recovery efforts , the Red Cross spokeswoman said . "  We have not found anyone alive today , " Ntabadde said . "  We do n't expect to find any more people alive . " Most of the bodies were recovered from a hospital engulfed by the landslide after residents sought shelter , officials said . "  The villages of Nametsi , Namakansa and Kubewo in Nametsi parish have been wiped out , " Ntabadde said . The neighboring village of Bamuyaka in Bubita Sub County also has been affected . Flooding also has destroyed roads and washed away bridges in at least seven districts . The landslide occurred near Mount Elgon , on the Kenya-Uganda border .	About 300 people were missing and feared dead after Monday 's landslide Hundreds of rescuers used shovels to dig in a desperate search for survivors The landslide occurred near Mount Elgon , on the Kenya-Uganda border
There is only one fairytale story in Spanish soccer this season , but will it have a happy ending ? Forget Atletico Madrid 's first league title for 18 years , disregard its city neighbor Real concluding an exhaustive wait for "  La Decima " -- a 10th European Champions League crown . Because this season is all about the "  Miracle of Eibar . " The Basque town has a population of just 27,000 and the club a budget dwarfed by almost all its rivals , yet back-to-back promotions have banked Eibar a place in the big time . Having already guaranteed a top-tier place , Eibar also claimed the Spanish second division title after second-placed Deportivo La Coruna lost 3-1 at Girona on Saturday . For the first time in its 74-year history Eibar will compete in La Liga next season , rubbing shoulders with Real Madrid and Barcelona as well as local rivals Real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao . "  I do n't know if miracles exist but this is something close to a miracle , " Alex Aranzabal , club president since 2009 , told CNN . However , amid all the emotion and reverence there is a bitter tinge , because like every famous fairytale fable , the threat of tragedy lurks in the background . Despite being self-sustaining and completely free of debt -- unlike a host of other Spanish clubs -- Eibar could actually be relegated to the third tier of Spanish football . A 1999 decree requires every team to have a capital equal to 25 % of the average expenses of all sides in the second division , excluding the two clubs with the biggest outgoings and the two with the smallest . That has hoisted the financial bar way above the head of Eibar , which has responded by launching a share issue to raise the $ 1.7 million  $ 2.3 million  needed to take a place at Spain 's top table . Unsurprisingly , Aranzabal is unimpressed . While he runs an admittedly small but undoubtedly tight ship , the estimated combined debts of Real Madrid and Barcelona amount to not far off $ 1 billion  $ 1.36 billion  . "  Even though we have a small budget , we have a different economic model to other clubs in Spain , " Aranzabal told CNN . "  We have less expenses , fewer outgoings and we always have a small deficit . "  This is something really strange in Spain because almost every team has huge debt , but in our case we have no debt . "  We think it is really unfair because the law was established to assure that all those clubs with a lot of debt had a minimum capital value to attend to all their debts . "  In our case we do n't have any debt . " ` Special model ' The club 's story has struck a chord with football-loving people the world over , and support has been flooding in for its "  Defend Eibar " campaign . Over $ 1.25 million  $ 1.7 million  has already been raised , the club 's tentacles spreading far and wide thanks to pledges from China , Australia , Argentina , England , Ireland and many more countries . Crucially , no investor can purchase more than $ 100,000 worth of shares , ensuring Eibar 's principles are kept intact . "  We want the team to remain for the people -- this is one of the ideas of our special model , " Aranzabal explains . "  We very much appreciate all the help we have had -- it has been surprising for us , a small club in a small town in the Basque mountains . "  We have discovered that we have a story to tell and that people want hear stories like this , that we are fighting against this rule and we have achieved something big . "  I hope we will get the money but we have to keep going -- if we relax it is the shortest way to failure . It will be difficult but we will get it . " Humility and hard work The question of finance festering in the background has done little to dilute the delirium among Eibar supporters , which pretty much counts as every single inhabitant of the town . Since being formed in 1940 in the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War , the club has never won a major trophy and only flirted with promotion to La Liga once , in the 2004-05 campaign . A teenage David Silva , now a star for the world champion Spanish national side and English Premier League winner Manchester City , was among its ranks then , as was Gaizka Garitano , the club 's current manager . He has led the "  Armeros " to successive promotions , sticking steadfastly to a culture and identity that has long pervaded the club -- one that embodies the spirit of the tiny town that is equidistant from Bilbao and San Sebastian . "  The secret to their success has been humility , hard work and above everything the spirit of the team , " says Unai Eraso , an Eibar native who attended his first match at the age of four . "  No-one is above any other . This is indicative of Eibar 's culture . The older players teach the younger players how to behave , how to work , how to be a team player . "  These young guys when they become older , they will do the same . It is a culture that is passed down from generation to generation . "  This year is a like a dream . Under no circumstances did we imagine of getting to La Liga . This is a real miracle . " ` All for one , one for all ' Mikel Madinabeitia , a journalist with El Diario Vasco , is similarly gushing about the class of 2013-14 and their achievements . "  This is football and it is a dream machine . Football is the only sport that allows such things , it would be impossible in basketball or athletics , " he told CNN . "  It 's a typical rags to riches story . I wrote in my newspaper Eibar has been the D'Artagnan of the second division , with that famous catchphrase ` All for one and one for all . ' "  There are no celebrities in this team , no millionaires . Jota Peleteiro is like the artist of the group , similar to David Silva , who played at Eibar . He 's so creative . " Promotion may have brought unconfined joy to Eibar , but aside from the financial conundrum , it has also thrown up a different web of problems . Such is Eibar 's size and budget , that a summer overhaul is needed if it is to have a chance of holding its own against the best 19 teams in Spain . "  It will be so difficult next season because the competition is so different , " Madinabeitia said . "  Eibar will be the smallest town in the history of La Liga , with the smallest budget . They will have to change 50 % of the team . They have a difficult summer ahead . "  Real Madrid and Barcelona play in another dimension and there are another set of clubs who play for Europe . If they avoid relegation it will be the most important achievement of Eibar . " Welcoming the superstars But that is for another day . Now it is all about raising the money and daring to dream about life in La Liga alongside the soccer elite . "  The first day of the season will be very emotional . A day to talk about for all the days of your life , " Madinabeitia said . "  It will be the happiest day of the season when Barcelona come to Ipurua , a historic day . "  Real Madrid played here in the cup some years ago , but not Barcelona . You can imagine the emotion of watching Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo at Ipurua . " Aranzabal has barely had time to revel in the club 's achievements , being swamped with media requests from around the world as well as spearheading the "  Defend Eibar " campaign . But the president is determined this historic opportunity wo n't see a shift in his club 's philosophy . "  We wo n't go crazy wasting a lot of money on getting very expensive players , " Aranzabal said . "  We want to maintain our team philosophy and do things as we have been doing all these years . "  We will try to adapt to the new situation but without getting crazy . We want to stick to our guns and be true to our history . " Thanks to the record-breaking achievements of their players , it is a history that is becoming far more widely known .	Tiny Eibar promoted to La Liga for the first time in the club 's history The Basque team will be the smallest to ever compete in Spain 's top division But financial rules dictate it must raise $ 2.3 million to avoid relegation instead Eibar is a town of just 27,000 in the Basque mountains near Bilbao
President Barack Obama on Monday cast this weekend 's historic deal with Iran as part of a larger foreign policy agenda he said affirmed his 2008 campaign promises . Citing his vows to end wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and to unfreeze U.S.-Iran relations , Obama said he has "  done what I said . " He also said the ongoing diplomatic effort to turn Syria 's chemical weapons over to international control illustrated positions that put greater weight on diplomacy than on force alone . "  We can not close the door on diplomacy , " Obama said at the start of remarks dedicated to pushing immigration reform . "  We can not commit ourselves to an endless cycle of conflict . " Obama was speaking in San Francisco where he was on a political fund-raising swing . Taking a shot at defense hawks who have criticized the six-month Iran deal reached with the United States and other world powers , Obama said "  tough talk and bluster may be the easy thing to do politically , but it 's not the right thing to do for our security . " The accord with Iran would reduce some sanctions on the regime in return for Tehran stalling parts of its nuclear enrichment .	Obama defends temporary deal reached with world powers that limits Iran nuke program He says the "  tough talk and bluster " of critics is not the "  right thing " for U.S. security
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama signed legislation Friday temporarily restoring full funding to the Federal Aviation Administration , breaking a political impasse and allowing roughly 4,000 furloughed federal employees to return to work . The measure also promises to restore tens of thousands of jobs in the construction industry and elsewhere tied to airport improvement projects put on hold as a result of the funding shortfall . The bill took less than one minute to pass a nearly empty Senate chamber Friday morning . It was cleared with a legislative maneuver known as "  unanimous consent , " which allows as few as two senators to approve a bill so long as no objections are filed . Most members of Congress are currently away from Washington on their summer recess . The president hailed the agreement , noting that it removed "  the uncertainty hanging over the jobs of thousands of hardworking FAA employees . " "  This impasse was an unnecessary strain on local economies across the country at a time when we ca n't allow politics to get in the way of our economic recovery , " Obama said Friday . "  I 'm glad that this stalemate has finally been resolved . " The political differences that led to the funding shortfall , however , have not been resolved . Democrats and Republicans are still at sharp odds over whether to continue providing subsidies to smaller rural airports . The two parties also differ over whether to make it easier for airline employees to unionize . Congress will have to revisit the issue within six weeks to avoid another lapse in funding . Outrage over Congress 's decision to adjourn for the summer without providing adequate funding for the approximately 4,000 employees contributed to the push for at least a short-term resolution . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood repeatedly took to the airwaves over the past several days , cajoling lawmakers to come back from their break and reach an agreement . For workers facing the possibility of lost wages for weeks to come , news of the breakthrough evoked an emotional response . Evelyn Martinez , an FAA inspector , cried when she learned of the deal . The tears are "  out of relief , " Martinez said , adding that while her post-graduate education taught her how government works , "  what we are experiencing is outside of any textbook . " "  This is a tremendous victory for American workers everywhere , " LaHood said in a statement Thursday . "  From construction workers to our FAA employees , they will have the security of knowing they are going to go back to work and get a paycheck -- and that 's what we 've been fighting for . " Since authorization for FAA funding expired in late July , the agency has also been unable to collect federal taxes on airline tickets -- leading to a revenue loss of approximately $ 30 million a day . If the dispute had continued until Congress returned in September , the federal government would have lost over $ 1 billion in revenue . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , had been in talks this week with House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , and administration officials about how to resolve the funding impasse , a Senate Democratic leadership aide told CNN . Reid noted Thursday that the agreement "  does not resolve the important differences that still remain . " "  But I believe we should keep Americans working while Congress settles its differences , and this agreement will do exactly that , " he said . The agreement is the 21st short-term funding extension for the FAA . The Republican-led House previously passed a short-term extension , but it included a number of changes opposed in the Democratic-controlled Senate . One of the changes involves language in the House bill that would reduce or kill subsidies to rural airports , specifically targeting some in Nevada , Montana and New Mexico -- three states with influential Democratic senators . The Senate ultimately agreed to pass the House bill , but as part of Thursday 's agreement , LaHood will notify congressional leaders that he has the authority to grant waivers to affected community airports , which would exempt them from the subsidy cuts . While no specific exemptions are required , LaHood 's authority gives Democrats the assurance that the disputed language they opposed can be overridden , the leadership aide noted . A larger dispute regarding the unionization of airline workers has not been addressed at all , however . Republicans are livid over a recent ruling by the National Mediation Board that makes passage of a vote to unionize dependent only on getting more than 50 % support from those actually voting . For example , if a company has 1,000 workers but only 200 take part in the vote to unionize , the rule change would mean only 101 "  yes " votes were needed for it to pass . Under old rules , more than 50 % of all workers eligible to vote -- or in this example 501 "  yes " votes -- would have been required for it to pass . Workers who did n't cast ballots were counted as having voted "  no , " making it more difficult for supporters to succeed . It remains unclear what -- if anything -- the divided Congress will ultimately do in response to the change . CNN 's Kate Bolduan , Gloria Borger , Tom Cohen , Dan Lothian , and Alan Silverleib and contributed to this report	NEW : Obama has signed a bill temporarily restoring full FAA funding The legislation will allow roughly 4,000 federal employees to return to work Democrats and Republicans remain divided over the unionization of airline employees The two parties also are split over federal funding for smaller rural airports
CANNES , France  CNN  -- The line-up at this year 's Cannes Film Festival is a cineaste 's dream . There are high expectations for Jane Campion 's "  Bright Star , " a drama about 19th-century poet John Keats . Packed with big name auteurs  Pedro Almodovar , Ken Loach , Lars Von Trier , Quentin Tarantino , and Park Chan-wook among others  and intriguing propositions , the competition for the coveted Palme d'Or is sure to be fierce . While there may be a dearth of surprises in the line-up , the world 's shiniest cinema event has certainly proved that in these tough economic times it can still cherry pick the best of what 's out there . But what among the dizzying array of celluloid magic has caught the eye of industry insiders and professionals ? The Screening Room asked a blogger , a critic and a film buyer attending the festival what films they will be watching out for at this year 's event . THE CRITIC Name : Jonathan Romney Credentials : Film critic for British newspaper The Independent on Sunday Cannes experience : 17 years It 's heavily loaded with big names and the strange thing is that this year there are very few surprises in there . Last year there was Italian Matteo Garrone 's "  Gomorrah "  which won the Grand Prize  and Israeli Ari Folman 's animation "  Waltz with Bashir , " films that nobody knew anything about in competition . The one that people are either really looking forward to or dreading is "  Enter the Void , " Gaspar Noe 's new film . Noe gave everybody a rough time in 2002 with "  Irreversible , " a violent , confrontational rape-revenge drama . The thing about him is once he 's got you in the cinema you 're not going to get out . This one has been made in Japan and is the story of someone looking at the events leading up to their own death . In particular , I 'll be looking at Jane Campion 's film , "  Bright Star , " starring Abbie Cornish and Ben Whishaw . It 's based on the three-year romance between 19th-century poet Keats and Fanny Brawne , which was cut short by his death at the age of 25 . She has n't delivered for quite a while . Her last few films were at best patchy and at worst disappointing . She 's shown skill at her version of costume dramas in the past with films like "  The Piano , " which won the Palme d'Or in 1994 . Five-times Palme d'Or nominated German -LSB- - born -RSB- Michael Haneke 's "  The White Ribbon " is another film people are talking about . It is set in 1914 and is apparently about the emergence of Nazism . I imagine it will be fairly austere and confrontational . I also imagine it will be very good . He has never made a film that does n't really engage or impress on some level . There 's also Danish Cannes stalwart Lars von Trier 's film "  Antichrist , " starring Willem Dafoe and Charlotte Gainsbourg about a grieving couple who retreat to a small cabin in the forest to mourn following the death of their child . There has been some controversy over why he is making what looks like a conventional Hollywood horror . It almost certainly wo n't be that . I suspect it will be philosophical . A lot of these filmmakers are not entertainers . They like to give their audiences a hard time . One of the keynotes of this year is going to be confrontation . THE BLOGGER Name : Karina Longworth Credentials : Co-founder of Cinematical film blog and editor of Spout blog Cannes experience : two years In the Directors ' Fortnight section I 'm really excited about "  Go Get Some Rosemary , " which is directed by these two young American brothers , Joshua and Benny Safdie . Their style is reminiscent of the French New Wave -- but with this sense of humor and willingness to experiment in real locations , and use the people that are walking by as accidental characters . They 're sometimes lumped together with the young American "  Mumblecore " scene but their films are really different . They 've got a really interesting sense of style . Another film I 'm really excited about is a documentary by French Oscar-winner Michel Gondry . The English title is "  The Thorn in the Heart , " and it is about his aunt . Because it is in the Special Screening section and it 's not in competition , it wo n't get the full red carpet treatment . But while the international press is looking the other way , if it 's really good it could stand out from the crowd . Of course I 'm excited to see a Quentin Tarantino movie , but my experience of being at Cannes is that going to see one of those giant films ends up taking all day long . I try to go and see films that I might not ever be able to see again . The film I 'm most excited about seeing is Lars von Trier 's "  Antichrist . " It looks sort of "  Rosemary 's Baby " - ish and it is a return to working in English with American-known actors . I 'm also looking forward to Jane Campion 's new film . THE BUYER Name : Robert Walak Credentials : Senior vice-president , Acquisitions Worldwide , Momentum Pictures Cannes experience : seven years Sometimes a film is going to "  pop " where you least expect it , and it 's often not the film with established directors . It 's quite difficult to find those -- the ones that create industry buzz , the ones that the critics suddenly go for , but also when you finally do get around to releasing it in your territory that the film actually crosses over and becomes an art house hit . I 've already read the scripts for a lot of the films in competition -- you really want to get all of the information and do your homework . This year there 's buzz about a film by an Iranian director , Bahman Qobadi , called "  No One Knows Persian Cats , " which is being sold by innovative production company Wild Bunch . Qobadi has served as a juror on the Cannes jury before and took home a Golden Camera award in 2000 for "  A Time for Drunken Horses , " a drama about young Iranian Kurds . I 'm also looking forward to "  Antichrist . " It 's going to be interesting to see what von Triers ' take on a horror movie is going to be . The script was off the wall and I want to see how he brings it all together . The Ken Loach film "  Looking for Eric , " which stars ex-footballer Eric Cantona , is meant to be fantastic . It 's already sold in the UK but the script was wonderful and I think it 's going to be a very distinctive , different film for Loach . Feel-good is a very overused term , but people are going to be looking for more feel-good films now anyway .	From Quentin Tarantino to Ken Loach , Cannes is packed with big names Critic Jonathan Romney 's looking forward to Jane Campion 's "  Bright Star " Blogger Karina Longworth ca n't wait for Lars von Trier 's "  Antichrist " Buyer Robert Walak says people will be looking for "  more feel-good films "
Two bombs explosions at a market in the central Nigerian city of Jos left 32 people dead , a government agency reported , marking the latest instance of violence to hit the volatile region . Nigeria 's state broadcaster NTA reported the explosions took place Thursday at the terminus area of the Jos market . According to Mohammed Adams , a security guard there , a young man walked into the market with a small cart claiming he was carrying yams . He kept moving before detonating one device , killing at least two people . People chased him , but could n't stop him before he managed to blow himself up , Adams said . The security guard initially told CNN that at least 12 people were dead . On Friday , Nigeria 's National Emergency Management Agency said that the bomb blasts killed 32 people and injured 45 others . It was not immediately clear if the bomber was among those counted as dead . Located about 250 kilometers  155 miles  northwest of Abuja , the nation 's capital , Jos is in an area that has been beset by violence in recent years . Much of that fighting has pitted Nigerian troops against Boko Haram , the Islamist terror group trying to impose its strict version of Sharia law across the African nation . Citizens have repeatedly been caught up in the mayhem such as mass kidnappings of women and children as well as bombings of schools , churches and mosques blamed on Boko Haram . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for Thursday 's attack . However , Boko Haram has been tied to violence in Jos before , including a double car-bombing at the same market in May that killed 118 people .	32 dead , 45 injured in bomb blasts in Jos , Nigerian emergency agency says Guard : A man brought a cart into market , detonated device , then blew himself up later There 's no claim of responsibility , but Boko Haram has attacked in Jos before
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Philip was treated successfully for a blocked coronary artery on Friday and will remain at the hospital for observation , the Press Association reported , citing a statement from Buckingham Palace . Earlier in the day , Philip was taken from Sandringham to the cardiothoracic unit at Papworth Hospital in Cambridge after complaining of chest pains , according to a Buckingham Palace spokeswoman . Tests determined his chest pains were caused by a blocked artery , which was "  treated successfully by the minimally invasive procedure of coronary stenting , " the PA reported . Philip , the husband of Britain 's Queen Elizabeth , is also known as the Duke of Edinburgh . He will stay at the hospital for the "  immediate Christmas period " for observation , the agency said . The royal family traditionally spends Christmas at Sandringham , the private home of four generations of British monarchs . Philip turned 90 in June , at which point a Buckingham Palace spokesman said the Duke of Edinburgh would gradually "  wind down " his workload . "  I reckon I 've done my bit , I want to enjoy myself now ... have less responsibility , less frantic rushing about , less preparation , less trying to think of something to say , " Philip said then , in an interview with the BBC . He married then-Princess Elizabeth on November 20 , 1947 , in Westminster Abbey , and has become the longest-serving consort in British history . Philip has made more than 5,000 public speeches during his working life , according to Buckingham Palace . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Prince Philip is said to have undergone a procedure for a blocked coronary artery NEW : He will remain at the hospital for observation , the Press Association reports Earlier , he complained of chest pains , a Buckingham Palace spokeswoman said Philip , 90 , has been married to Queen Elizabeth II for 64 years
CNN  -- News that the New York Police Department has a man in custody who has implicated himself in the 1979 disappearance of Etan Patz raises the tantalizing possibility that this case might finally be solved . It 's the latest in a long series of twists and turns as investigators try to unravel a mystery that has stymied them for 33 years : What happened to Etan Patz ? Commissioner Ray Kelly of the New York Police Department says investigators will divulge more details later Thursday . Police : Man in custody in Patz case In the meantime , the man 's statements raise hopes that investigators might learn -- at last -- of what happened to the six-year-old boy who disappeared on his way to the school bus stop 33 years ago . There have been a series of such leads over the years in the case , which changed the nation 's attitudes toward children 's safety and helped launch the missing children 's movement . One of those leads raised hopes last month of a break in the case -- but it did not pan out . First there was the drifter living in a drainage tunnel with pictures of boys who looked eerily similar to Etan . A rash of false leads that took investigators as far afield as Israel chasing look-alikes . Then , more recently , a cadaver dog picking up the scent of human remains in a basement near Etan 's home , leading a team of investigators to tear it up . Each time , the result has been the same : sometimes a few answers , often more questions , and rarely anything resembling the full truth for Etan 's parents , Stan and Julie Patz . The family has endured years of crank calls and far-fetched theories on the home telephone number they never changed in hope Etan might some day try to call . "  They exacted the biggest emotional cost , riding Stan and Julie on a steep vertical incline up the tracks , to plunge straight back down to hell every time , " journalist Lisa Cohen writes in her definitive account of the case , "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case That Held America Captive . " Missing child case ` awakened America ' Such dramatic ups and downs have long been part and parcel of the investigation into Etan 's disappearance . In the days and weeks after he went missing in May , 1979 , police , the family and neighborhood volunteers worked tirelessly tracking down leads , according to Cohen . In the two weeks following Etan 's disappearance , police put in more than 4,000 hours on the case , interviewing some 500 people , Cohen writes in her book . Police cruisers swarmed the neighborhood as volunteers plastered the area with 10,000 posters , according to Cohen 's account . Then came the first letdown . The police officers who 'd camped in the Patz home , answering phones and dispatching detectives to follow up on possible leads , packed up and left , the emergency phase of the response over . In their place , they left a legal pad next to the phone and instructions to log each call . What had been a stream of calls slowed to a trickle , but kept coming , with their stories of boys matching Etan 's description seen in places near and far . None panned out . Three years later , in 1982 , the roller-coaster would start its climb again with reports that a man , Juan Antonio Ramos , had swiped a boy 's book bag and tried to lure him and another boy into the drainage tunnel where he was living . Police found photos of young boys among the man 's possessions , and took them to Etan 's parents to see if their son was one of them . "  Almost three years into their ordeal , the half-formed scab covering their private life and private pain was being picked off yet again to ooze fresh blood , " Cohen wrote in her book . "  They greeted the news with the now familiar mix of trepidation tinged with the faint hope , one that could never be discounted , that new exposure could yield new information . " The case did n't pan out , at least initially , and Ramos vanished . Interest moved on to other reports , Cohen wrote in her book : A photo in Israel , another in Massachusetts . A cab driver who said he picked up the boy the morning of his disappearance . Like the other leads , nothing came of them . In 1988 , the cycle began turning again . Investigators turned their attention back to Ramos after locating him in a Pennsylvania prison -- where he was serving time on a molestation conviction . They brought Ramos back to New York for questioning , and got a bombshell , Cohen writes . Ramos acknowledged picking up a boy he believed was Etan and bringing him back to his apartment for sex , according to Cohen . But he said the boy declined his advances , so he took him to the subway and waved goodbye . Three years later , in 1991 , after helping secure another conviction against Ramos , federal authorities visited the Patz family again . They were there to deliver the news the family had long dreaded -- that investigators believed their son was dead and they believed Ramos was responsible , Cohen writes . "  The words were not earth-shattering ; they were n't saying anything that twelve years into the case both parents did n't already know , " Cohen writes in her book . "  But now for the first time law enforcement was sitting across the table , telling them that the weight of evidence supported their worst fears . " At the same time , the federal authorities said they 'd come to the end of their journey , saying only New York state prosecutors could take the case to court . They never have . There have been more milestones since that day in 1991 . In the summer of 2000 , New York investigators examined evidence from the basement of the apartment building where Ramos once lived . In 2001 , Stan Patz had his son declared legally dead , and in 2004 , a judge found Ramos liable for Etan 's death in a wrongful death civil lawsuit . But none of those milestones brought them closer to what the family has long said it wants , barring the return of their son : a criminal conviction . In 2010 , Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance reopened the investigation after his election , something he had promised to do during his campaign . The promise that authorities were closer to mounting a criminal case seemed alluringly close last month , when investigators flooded the neighborhood and began dismantling the basement where handyman Othniel Miller once had a workshop . Etan knew the man and had sometimes helped him with odd jobs before he disappeared , Cohen said in an interview on CNN at the time . Authorities had looked at the basement workshop years ago , but never tore up the place as they were doing now , she noted . Investigators recently renewed their interest in Miller , 75 , in part after interviewing him about his connection to the basement . During the interview , a source said he blurted out , "  What if the body was moved ? " A few weeks ago , a cadaver dog picked up the scent of human remains . Then investigators began to tear down drywall and cut through concrete in search of clues . "  It was a huge number of resources being thrown into this case , " forensic scientist Lawrence Kobilinsky told CNN last month . "  It shows you that this case is still alive in the minds ,  of  not only the public , but certainly , of law enforcement . " Mike Huff , a retired police detective and cold-case investigator in Tulsa , Oklahoma , who now heads the International Association of Cold Case Investigators , said last month that as he watched coverage of the case , the kinds of details that were emerging led him to believe investigators were confident they had finally come up with a solid line on hard physical evidence in the case . The big news came over the weekend , when it leaked out that investigators had recovered a chunk of concrete that appeared to be stained with blood . "  I thought , ` Man , this is going to be a slam dunk , they already know the answer to this story , ' " Huff said . Then , suddenly , once again , nothing . The blood was n't blood , it turned out . No human remains had been found . Etan 's family had to be told that the search had come up empty . Through his attorney and daughter , Miller has denied any role in Etan 's disappearance . Cases as old as this one can be tough to crack , Huff said . "  The longer it gets away , the more you really have to have hopes and prayers for technology to come into it , " he said . While investigators did n't get the answers they wanted -- again -- Huff says there 's still some good to take out of the effort . "  It 's a success that 33 years later , somebody is still looking at it , " he said .	The 33-year-old Etan Patz case continues to stymie investigators Investigators recently concluded a search of a basement near where the boy disappeared Like other leads , it failed to definitively reveal what happened to Etan Patz Investigator says it 's a success that the case is still getting attention and resources
CNN  -- A volcano erupted in Papua New Guinea on Friday , spurting ash tens of thousands of feet into the sky . The eruption of Mount Tavurvur on the island of New Britain began early Friday , said Craig Earl-Spurr , a meteorologist at the Darwin Volcanic Ash Advisory Center in Australia . The volcano spewed a thick tower of ash that reached as high as 60,000 feet above sea level . Dramatic photos posted on social media showed Tavurvur belching fire and ash from across a bay . The volcano is situated only a few kilometers from the township of Rabaul . In 1994 , Tavurvur erupted at the same time as nearby Mount Vulcan , destroying Rabaul . Aviation alert over Iceland volcano lowered , restrictions lifted	Mount Tavurvur spews a tower of ash 60,000 feet into the sky The volcano is situated near the township of Rabaul on the island of New Britain Tavurvur erupted in 1994 along with another nearby volcano , destroying Rabaul
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- President Barack Obama held a town hall meeting Saturday with a group of young people in the Soweto section of Johannesburg , with video links to similar groups in other cities in Africa . Here are five things that he said in response to questions from the participants in a format he called "  a little humbling " but energizing . CNN Johannesburg correspondent Nkepile Mabuse moderated the town hall . Praise for Mandela Obama paid homage to former South African President Nelson Mandela , the 94-year-old founding father of the country 's modern democracy who is in critical condition in a Pretoria hospital . "  Obviously , he is on our minds today , and we join the people of the world in sending our prayers to Madiba and his family , because he still inspires us all , " Obama said , referring to Mandela by his clan name . Obama noted that Mandela held on to his optimism during his 27 years in prison under South Africa 's apartheid regime , and he urged his audience to learn from that . "  There will be time to test your faith , but no matter how old you grow , I say ... do n't lose those qualities of youth : your imagination , your optimism , your idealism , 'cause the future of this continent is in your hands , and if you keep your head pointed toward the sun , and you keep your feet moving forward , I promise you will have no better friend and partner than the United States of America . " Mandela showed that "  through a commitment to the constitution and rule of law and equal treatment for all people that a country can prosper despite a tragic history . " Obama meets with Mandela 's family in South Africa A bright view of Africa 's future Africa 's role in the world economy as a provider of raw materials to other parts of the world dates back to colonial days and must be changed , Obama said . Though foreign aid remains critical in some parts of the continent , "  It is very clear that people want to break out of a dependency trap . The idea is not that Africa should be the ward of some other country . What we need is an Africa that 's building , manufacturing , creating value , inventing and then sending those products around the world and receiving products in return . ... If we do that , there 's no reason why Africa can not succeed . " Progress against terrorism Though "  some progress " has been made in dealing with extremist groups , "  the problem has metastasized " to include more regional terrorist organizations such as Boko Haram in Nigeria , Obama said . "  Though they may not have the same transnational capacity that some of the earlier organizations did , they 're doing great harm in Africa and in the Middle East and in South Asia . " The terrorist threat affects more than Western countries , he said . "  The number of people killed by terrorist attacks in Africa or South Asia far outstrips deaths by Westerners , " he said . "  This is not just a problem for us ; this is a problem for everybody . " Terrorism is more likely to emerge in countries that are not delivering for their people , "  and where there are areas of conflict and underlying frustrations " that have not been adequately dealt with , he said . He cited responsive governance and strong democratic institutions as bulwarks against terrorism taking root . "  They 're the most important defense against terrorism . " American ambitions Obama rejected "  this notion that we want to somehow expand our military reach , " citing the end of the war in Iraq and plans to end the war in Afghanistan as evidence . "  This idea somehow that we want to get more involved militarily around the world is simply not true , " he said . "  First of all , it costs a lot of money , and the United States -- just like every country around the world -- has to think about its budget . And where we intervene , oftentimes it 's not very effective because , unless you 've got a local population that is standing up against terrorism , we end up being viewed as interlopers and intruders . " He said he wants the African Union and other regional organizations to beef up their capacity to send peacekeepers "  to nip terror cells that may be forming -- before they start and gain strength . " The United States , he added , can provide advice , training and , in some cases , equipment . Global warming looms The world 's biggest environmental challenge is climate change , Obama said , adding that carbon emissions are warming the planet and threaten to cause the problem to spin out of control . "  We are going to all have to work together to find ways in which , collectively , we reduce carbon , " but wealthy countries must do more than companies that are still developing , he said . "  Obviously , they should n't be resigned to poverty simply because the West and Europe and America got there first . That would n't be fair , but everybody 's going to have to do something . " If , however , everyone buys cars , installs air conditioners and moves into big houses , "  the planet will boil over unless we find new ways of producing energy , " he said .	"  Do n't lose those qualities of youth , " President Obama urges his audience Africans want to break out of the "  dependency trap , " he says Wars cost "  a lot of money , " says Obama , downplaying U.S. military ambitions "  Everybody 's going to have to do something " on climate change , he says
CNN  -- Every week , Jackie Kaminer of Roswell , Georgia , buys fish for dinner at the local market . Although she knows it 's full of nutrients -- including good-for-your-heart omega-3 fatty acids -- she 's careful of the types of fish she brings home . Jackie Kaminer contemplates fish choices ; she buys only "  safe " fish , like salmon , haddock and tilapia . Her concern ? Mercury and the dangers it poses to her children . So , she sticks to certain varieties : salmon , cod , tilapia and haddock are "  safe fish , " but she stays away from swordfish , sea bass and tuna . As a mother of three , Kaminer should be concerned . Released into the atmosphere by industrial pollution , mercury contaminates water systems  and soil  when it rains . As fish feed on one another , the mercury stores up in their bodies . The toxic metal affects the nervous system . And although studies have shown large amounts of mercury can also affect fertility and blood pressure , and possibly cause memory loss in adults , it 's particularly dangerous to young children and fetuses . According to the American Academy of Pediatrics , during the first several years of life , a child 's brain is still developing and absorbing nutrients . Prenatal and infant mercury exposure can cause poor mental development , cerebral palsy , deafness and blindness . Even in low doses , mercury may affect a child 's development , delaying walking and talking , shortening attention span and causing learning disabilities . Having mercury levels that are too high is n't someone else 's problem . In a recent study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , one out of 17 women of childbearing age in the United States has mercury in her blood above the level that could pose a risk to a developing fetus  5.8 micrograms per liter  . So the federal government advises pregnant women and those thinking of becoming pregnant to avoid certain fish , such as shark , swordfish and fresh tuna , usually found in fish markets and sushi . Canned tuna seems to be less of a threat , but the U.S. Department of Agriculture says consumption should be limited . Why avoid these kinds of fish ? According to Andrew Heyes , a scientist with the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center , Edgewater , Maryland , the older and larger the fish , the more mercury it has stored . "  As it grows older , it ca n't eliminate mercury as fast as it takes it in , " he says . "  So there 's an accumulation in the fish . " Watch more on fish and mercury " Because mercury is a growing threat to us and our environment , companies have started to take mercury out of thermometers , switches and even batteries to prevent it from entering our soil . Now , many regions , like the Chesapeake Bay states of Maryland , Virginia and Delaware , have instituted new rules to limit mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants , one of the largest sources of mercury pollution in the region . Researcher Cindy Gilmour , also with the SERC , says that is a positive development because mercury contamination is getting out of hand . "  We 've opened Pandora 's Box and we 've let that mercury out from where it was buried underground , into the atmosphere and into our soils and waterways , " she says . "  All that excess mercury causes problems , not just in people . " In an effort to make sure these new regulations on mercury emissions are effective , scientists like Heyes and Gilmour are measuring levels of the toxic metal in watersheds near the bay . Gilmour says the research is needed . "  All those rules are starting to go into place , and we are starting to put those controls on our power plants . So what we want to find out here is whether those rules work and if the money we are investing in these technologies is really going to help , " she says . As they monitor mercury , scientists are also learning more about how it behaves in nature . Gilmour says mercury contaminates more than just the soil and water . "  Mercury has a large impact on all kinds of animals -- loons , amphibians , songbirds , are all affected , " she says . It will be several years before researchers know if the regulations are making a difference . Until then , health experts say enjoy fish -- it 's good for you -- but be like Jackie Kaminer and pick your fish wisely .	We 're told to eat fish , but some varieties contain high levels of mercury The bigger and older the fish , the more mercury can accumulate Mercury is released into air by industrial pollution : contaminates water and soil New rules near Chesapeake Bay limit emissions from coal-fired power plants
CNN  -- The charm of Ventotene is apparent the moment you spot it from the boat transporting you to its shores . Sitting there like a lonely sponge cake protruding from the surface of a clear blue plate , the island 's sheer size -- or lack thereof -- promises something not only special but personal . Ventotene lies in the Tyrrhenian Sea just west of the mainland region of Campania . Arriving on this tiny island off the west coast of Italy , you enter the port built into the side of the volcanic island by the ancient Romans and only recently developed and expanded to provide for heavier traffic . The fishermen 's boats lining the harbor along with pizza and scuba shops give the island that quintessential small-town Italian feel . To get to the center of the island , you walk the winding ramp to Piazza Castello , where the town hall sits . Grab a cappuccino at one of the two cafes there , which moonlight as restaurants during peak season from May to October . If caffeine does n't satisfy you , grab a bottle of wine at one of the local alimentari and sit in the park right off the square for majestic views of the small uninhabited island of Santo Stefano  used to detain Mussolini 's adversaries during his rule  . Part of the cluster of islands known as the Pontines , Ventotene -- which gets its name from the Italian word for wind , "  vento " -- lies in the Tyrrhenian Sea just west of the mainland region of Campania . It occupies less than a square mile , and its history dates to the Roman Empire , when emperors such as Augustus and Tiberius found the island 's isolation perfect for banished troublemakers . During World War II , it was used as a listening post by a German garrison before being captured by the Allies in 1943 . The island also has a rich literary history . It is thought that Homer intended this to be the spot where Ulysses confronted the sirens during his long journey home . John Steinbeck wrote about the 1943 U.S. raid on Ventotene while he was a war correspondent for the New York Herald Tribune . During the day , you can sunbathe at one of the three main beaches . Cala Nave is the preferred choice for its accessibility , black volcanic sand and rock outcroppings that make for ideal basking in the intense Mediterranean sun . Ventotene has become a scuba diving destination because of its lush and mostly undisturbed aquatic life . There are several scuba-diving schools on the island , one of which was erected in the late '70s and is the oldest scuba academy in the whole of Italy . Private and group lessons start at 100 euros . Ventotene 's size makes it perfect for simply setting off and exploring . Walking is cheap , and traversing the bright landscape -- which often doubles as cliff 's edge because of the island 's narrow width -- is rewarding not only for its brilliantly colored vegetation but also for its panoramic views and lack of entry fee . Lower on the island , discover the chiseled rocks pockmarked by saline  little crevices used to collect fresh salt water in ancient times  and the sea caves down by the port where transparent pools often act as windows into the astonishing marine life that surrounds the island . If you 're looking for something a little less nature-oriented , there are two museums . Villa Giulia -- which is less enclosed museum than outdoor relic -- is the ancient remains of a structure that housed/imprisoned Emperor Augustus ' daughter , Giulia , who was exiled there for her promiscuity and immorality . The other is the Archeological Museum , which in its more standard presentation holds many artifacts that have been uncovered on the island over the years . Unlike its more frantic  by Italian standards  and popular southern neighbors , Ischia and Capri , Ventotene has barely been touched by international tourism . The hotels are affordable , and the food is n't overpriced . Today , it 's home to a year-round population of about 600 . That number skyrockets during the summer months , especially in August , when it seems that every Italian heads to the seaside , or September , when the Festival of Saint Candice  Festa di Santa Candida  turns the island into one extended party . Ventotene 's real appeal is n't in its breathtaking 360-degree sea views , its clear , clean water or even its architecture and people . There are other places in Italy just as stunning . Its charm is in the sense you get that you 're experiencing something not discovered by the tourists who flock en masse to the rest of Italy year-round . A sense you 're among Italians .	Ventotene lies in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the west coast of Italy Roman emperors found the island 's isolation perfect for banished troublemakers Its lush and mostly undisturbed aquatic life makes it attractive to scuba divers
CNN  -- Medical examiners will conduct an autopsy Monday on "  Glee " actor Cory Monteith . Staffers at the Fairmont Pacific Rim Hotel in Vancouver , Canada , discovered the 31-year-old actor 's body in his hotel room Saturday after he missed his checkout time , police said . "  The coroner 's service has decided that we will conduct an autopsy and toxicology testing on Cory to make sure that we do have the best possible information to determine the cause of death , " B.C. Coroner 's Service spokeswoman Barbara McLintock said Monday . While the cause of death was not immediately apparent , police have ruled out the possibility of foul play . In his own words Monteith had been public about his struggle with addiction and checked into a rehab facility in late March . "  It 's all about perseverance . Absolute perseverance . You can always get back up , " he told Glamour magazine in June . Celebrities react to Monteith 's death It was his second stint in a treatment facility . Monteith played Finn in the popular Fox series , and credited "  Glee 's " success with helping him to turn his life around . "  It always blows my mind to think about how it was just a Fox pilot that started so humbly a couple of years ago " the actor told GoldDerby in June 2012 . The Facebook page RIP Cory Monteith had more than 669,000 likes early Monday morning , an indication of how popular the actor was with fans of the show . The "  Glee " staff released a statement via Twitter early Sunday morning , saying , "  We are deeply saddened by this tragic news . Cory was an exceptional talent and an even more exceptional person . " Share your memories of Monteith Monteith 's on - and off-screen girlfriend Lea Michele , who plays Rachel Berry on the show , has not yet released a statement . Her representatives asked Sunday "  that everyone kindly respect Lea 's privacy during this devastating time . " The statement added that the actress was "  devastated " by the news . The couple had been dating for more than a year . In April , Michele voiced her support for Monteith 's decision to enter rehab , telling People magazine . "  I love and support Cory and will stand by him through this . " Remembering Monteith as Finn on ` Glee ' Adam Shankman , who directed an episode of "  Glee " for each of the past three seasons , told CNN 's Poppy Harlow that he had talked to Monteith on Saturday morning . Shankman said Monteith was the glue of "  Glee . " "  I had several interactions with him  Saturday  where he said that he was doing amazing , " Shankman said . "  He even said I am feeling fantastic . I 'm like everybody else , really devastated and confused by what happened . " Lea Michele silent on ` devastating ' news	NEW : Autopsy and toxicology testing to help decide cause of death , coroner spokeswoman says Police rule out foul play The "  Glee " actor missed his checkout time ; staff found him dead Monteith , 31 , spent time in rehab this year
CNN  -- Beach-bound travelers are keeping a close eye on the spread of oil along the Gulf Coast and weighing vacation decisions . Oil has come ashore in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida , and cleanup is under way in some areas . Here are some of the latest updates from coastal destinations affected by the oil spill : Gulf Islands National Seashore All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites are open , according to the National Park Service website . The park service reports that crews found "  very light occurrences of oil " on Horn and Petit Bois islands in Mississippi . Petit Bois island was cleaned up and has been free of oil as of Sunday , the site said . The spill also has affected parts of the Gulf Islands National Seashore in Florida . Cleanup crews have been working on medium and heavier oil coverage at Perdido Key , Fort Pickens and Santa Rosa . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama In Alabama , the Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in Gulf waters or in bay waters close to Fort Morgan . The beaches remain open . The pier at Gulf State Park in Gulf Shores is closed to fishing but open for sightseeing , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . Oil has been reported on shore at Dauphin Island , Fort Morgan and Gulf Shores . Pensacola and Perdido Key , Florida The waters in Pensacola and Perdido Key are open Monday for swimming and fishing , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . Officials have not issued closures or health advisories for the area , the bureau 's website said . Several tar balls were spotted in the area over the weekend . "  According to -LSB- the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -RSB- , tarballs do not pose a health risk to the average person , but visitors are advised not to pick them up , " the website said .	Gulf Islands National Seashores sites open ; some oil detected on beaches Health officials have issued an advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters Pensacola and Perdido Key , Florida , waters open Monday for swimming and fishing
CNN  -- After spending a total of seven months in custody , the Tennessee woman who fatally shot her preacher husband in the back was released on Tuesday , her lawyer told CNN . Holding baby Breanna , Mary Winkler stands next to Matthew . In the foreground are Mary Alice and Patricia . Mary Winkler , a 33-year-old mother of three girls , was freed from a Tennessee mental health facility where she was treated for depression and post-traumatic stress disorder , lawyer Steve Farese said . "  She is out , " Farese said . Farese said his client will not talk to the news media because she continues to wage a legal battle to win custody of her girls and faces a $ 2 million civil suit filed by the parents of her slain husband , Matthew Winkler . Except for her oldest daughter 's brief testimony at her trial , Winkler has n't seen her children in a year , the lawyer said . Winkler will return to work at the dry cleaners in McMinnville , Tennessee , where she worked before the trial , Farese said . She is living with friends . Winkler served about five months in county jail as she awaited trial , then spent two months undergoing therapy at the mental health facility following her conviction for voluntary manslaughter . Winkler never denied shooting her husband , Matthew , the popular new preacher at the Fourth Street Church of Christ in Selmer , a town of 4,500 people about 80 miles east of Memphis . On March 22 , 2006 , church elders found his body -- with a shotgun wound to the back -- in the bedroom of the parsonage after he failed to show up for an evening service . His wife was arrested the next day with the couple 's three young daughters in Orange Beach , Alabama , on the Gulf coast . Mary Winkler was charged with murder , which could have sent her to prison for up to 60 years , but a jury found her guilty of voluntary manslaughter following an emotional trial in which she testified about suffering years of verbal and physical abuse . In a statement to police after her arrest , Winkler said she did n't recall pulling the trigger . She said she apologized and wiped the blood that bubbled from her dying husband 's lips as he asked , "  Why ? " Prosecutors and Matthew Winkler 's family members said he was a good husband and father . But on the stand , Mary Winkler described a hellish 10-year marriage during which , she said , her husband struck her , screamed at her , criticized her and blamed her when things went wrong . She said he made her watch pornography and wear "  slutty " costumes for sex , and that he forced her to submit to sex acts that made her uncomfortable . She testified she pointed the shotgun at her husband during an argument to force him to talk through their problems , and "  something went off . " A defense psychologist testified that she was depressed and showed classic symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder . Mary Winkler initially received a three-year sentence in June . But Circuit Court Judge J. Weber McCraw required that she serve only 210 days , and allowed her to serve the rest of the time on probation . She also received credit for five months she spent behind bars awaiting trial , which left only about 60 days to her sentence . McCraw ruled she could serve the time in a mental health facility . Since Mary Winkler 's arrest , the couple 's three children have been cared for by Matthew Winkler 's parents , who have filed court papers seeking to terminate her parental rights . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Mary Winkler , 33 , is out of custody She shot her preacher husband in the back with a shotgun in March 2006 She was convicted of voluntary manslaughter , served less than a year She now faces a legal battle with her in-laws over children , husband 's death
CNN  -- Argentina will be missing striker Diego Milito for the final two World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Uruguay as Diego Maradona 's struggling team battle to reach the finals in 2010 . Diego Milito has had only a bit-part role for Argentina despite his good form for Inter Milan . Milito is expected to be sidelined for the next month after injuring his thigh while playing for Italian champions Inter Milan on Saturday . The 30-year-old was replaced by Mario Balotelli 25 minutes into the 2-1 victory against Udinese at the San Siro , and scans have shown that he suffered a first-degree strain in his right thigh . The Albiceleste go into Saturday 's home clash with Peru on a run of four defeats in the last five games which has left the team outside the top-four automatic qualifying spots . While bottom side Peru have no chance of qualifying , Wednesday 's opponents Uruguay lie just a point behind Argentina in sixth and will be hoping to at least clinch the play-off position in the South American zone . Milito has made a flying start to his career with Inter this season , scoring five goals in his first seven games , but he has had only a bit-part role in Argentina 's qualifying campaign so far . Coach Maradona , who can call on the likes of Lionel Messi , Sergio Aguero , Carlos Tevez and Ezequiel Lavezzi up front , has retained Boca Juniors striker Martin Palermo in his squad . Palermo scored both goals in the 2-0 friendly win over Ghana last week , and was also on target for his club at the weekend in a 3-2 victory against Velez Sarsfield . Enzo Perez is also added to the 26-man squad after making his debut against the Africans , along with Estudiantes teammate Juan Sebastian Veron and Velez Sarsfield defender Nicolas Otamendi . Colon goalkeeper Diego Pozo , Newell 's Old Boys defender Rolando Schiavi , Boca duo Federico Insua and Luciano Fabian Monzon and Huracan midfielder Mario Bolatti are also included among the home-based players .	Argentina striker Diego Milito ruled out of the final two World Cup qualifiers Thigh injury means Milito misses matches against Peru and Uruguay Coach Diego Maradona names Boca Juniors forward Martin Palermo in squad Argentina battling to qualify for next year 's finals in South Africa
CNN  -- Rumors that U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden hitched a ride on Bolivia 's presidential jet have sparked a global diplomatic feud that 's roiled leaders throughout South America . The drama started Tuesday after Portuguese authorities would n't let Bolivian President Evo Morales ' plane land in Lisbon for refueling while on his way back from a conference in Russia , Bolivian Defense Minister Ruben Saavedra told CNN en Espaol . France , Spain and Italy also would n't let the plane enter their airspace , Bolivian officials said . With no clear path home available , the flight 's crew made an emergency landing in Austria . "  We are told that there were some unfounded suspicions that Mr. Snowden was on the plane , " Bolivian Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca said . "  We do not know who has invented this lie . Someone who wants to harm our country . This information that has been circulated is malicious information to harm this country . " Late Wednesday morning , Spain agreed to let Morales ' plane stop in the Canary Islands on its way home , the Spanish Foreign Ministry said . The plane landed there as planned Wednesday , and subsequently took off for Fortaleza , Brazil , where it landed and refueled again Wednesday evening , Bolivia TV reported . The presidential plane was scheduled to return to Bolivia on Wednesday night . The state broadcaster showed crowds of supporters brandishing Bolivian flags and awaiting Morales ' return . At the El Alto International Airport outside La Paz , the state broadcaster showed crowds waved signs saying , "  Sovereign Bolivia , colony no more " and , "  You are not alone . The people of the world are with you . " Opinion : Snowden and a muzzle free press The plane spent more than 10 hours in Vienna , where Austrian officials confirmed that Snowden was not aboard after Morales allowed an Austrian airport police officer onto his plane for a "  voluntary check , " Interior Ministry spokesman Karl-Heinz Grundboeck said . As Morales resumed his journey , differing accounts emerged of what happened . France denied that it refused to allow the plane to enter its airspace . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius called his Bolivian counterpart to express regrets about a delay in the confirmation to authorize the plane to fly over its territory , the French Foreign Ministry said in a statement . The authorization was granted as soon as French authorities were informed that the plane was the Bolivian president 's aircraft , the ministry said . France "  never intended to deny president Morales 's plane access to  its  airspace , " and the Bolivian leader is welcome in France , Fabius said . Snowden 's asylum options dwindle Bolivian minister : U.S. behind Snowden rumor Bolivian authorities are investigating the source of the rumors about Snowden . Saavedra , the Bolivian defense minister , told CNN en Espaol that he believed the U.S. was behind them . "  This is a lie , a falsehood , " he said . "  It was generated by the U.S. government . " Despite several attempts by CNN to get a response , Obama administration officials have declined to comment on Bolivia 's allegations that the United States pressured European countries to deny landing rights to the Bolivian president 's plane , referring all questions to the European countries in question . It is n't the first time Bolivian authorities have accused U.S. officials of trying to meddle with their presidential plane . In 2011 , Morales said he was worried that U.S. authorities would plant something on his presidential plane to link him with drug trafficking when he attended a United Nations General Assembly meeting . Outrage in Latin America Bolivian Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera described Morales as a "  hostage of imperialism . " "  The president has been kidnapped by imperialism , and he is being held in Europe , " he said in a televised address late Tuesday night . The vice president called for workers worldwide to protest "  this act of imperial arrogance . " He said Bolivia would complain about the incident to the United Nations . The situation drew a stern rebuke from Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff , who said the incident was "  life-threatening " for the Bolivian leader . "  The Brazilian government expresses its outrage and condemnation of the embarrassment imposed on President Evo Morales by some European countries , " she said in a statement Wednesday . "  The pretext that led to this unacceptable behavior -- the supposed presence of Edward Snowden in the plane of the president -- was fictional and a serious disrespect to the law and to international practices and standards of civilized coexistence among nations . " The impact of the European countries ' actions extends far beyond Bolivia 's borders , she said . "  The embarrassment to President Morales reaches not only Bolivia , but all of Latin America . It compromises the dialogue between the two continents and possible negotiations between them , " she said . "  It also requires prompt and explanation by the countries involved in this provocation . " The Union of South American Nations released a statement Wednesday saying the body "  rejects categorically the dangerous act " of denying Morales ' plane access . The leaders of the UNASUR countries are scheduled to meet on Thursday meeting in Cochabamba , Bolivia , to discuss the matter . By Wednesday evening , the presidents of Argentina , Venezuela , Peru , Suriname , Ecuador and Bolivia had confirmed their plans to attend , said Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino , who called the situation "  very serious . " Cuba 's Foreign Ministry also condemned the incident . "  This constitutes an unacceptable , unfounded and arbitrary act which offends all of Latin America and the Caribbean , " the ministry said in a statement . Argentina 's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner described Morales ' treatment in Europe as humiliating . "  This is not only a humiliation to a sister nation , " she said during a military event Wednesday , "  but to the whole South American continent . " So where is Snowden ? The situation is the latest twist in what has become a global guessing game over Snowden 's next steps . Snowden has admitted leaking classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs and faces espionage charges in the United States . He has applied for asylum in 21 countries , including Bolivia . ` Unbowed ' Snowden seeks new havens Morales , a left-leaning president who has long criticized the United States , had been attending a conference of gas-exporting countries in Russia , where he told the Russia Today news network that he would be willing to consider asylum for Snowden . But Bolivian officials stressed that accusations that an official aircraft would harbor Snowden were baseless . "  We can not lie to the international community by carrying ghost passengers , " Choquehuanca said . European concerns WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange urged Europe on Wednesday to demonstrate its willingness to defend freedom of information , whatever the fear of political pressure from its "  best ally , " the United States . His comments came in a piece co-written with the secretary general of Reporters without Borders , Christophe Deloire , for French newspaper Le Monde . European Union states should accord Snowden their warmest welcome , their article said . If he is abandoned in the international zone of Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport , it will mean European countries are "  abandoning their principles and part of the reason for the EU , " it said . In recent days , a number of European nations have voiced concern about reports -- based on documents apparently provided by Snowden -- that the United States has been conducting surveillance on its European allies . France believes it would be wise to delay U.S.-EU trade talks for two weeks in light of the allegations , French government spokeswoman Najat Vallaud-Belkacem said Wednesday . She was echoing remarks made by President Francois Hollande this week after the claims first appeared in German and British media . Germany 's Economy Minister Philipp Roesler has said the reports of spying do influence the planned talks , said his spokesman , Adrian Toschev . But the spokesman declined to back the French call for a delay to the talks , which are scheduled to begin Monday . All nations collect intelligence , Obama says CNN 's Claudia Dominguez , Marilia Brocchetto , Antonia Mortensen , Richard Allen Greene , Stephanie Halasz , Stephanie Ott , Al Goodman , Ivana Kottasova , Claudia Rebaza , Laura Richardson , Jill Dougherty , Patrick Oppmann and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : Crowds of supporters await Morales ' return to Bolivia Brazil 's president says she is outraged , European countries ' behavior "  unacceptable " The plane leaves Austria after officials check it and say Edward Snowden is n't on board Bolivia says France denied the plane entry into its airspace , but France says it did not
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Former world number one , Pete Sampras , has described recently crowned French Open champion Roger Federer as the best player in history . Roger Federer after equalling Pete Sampras 's record of winning 14 men 's singles titles . The 37-year-old American , nicknamed ` Pistol Pete ' for his bullet-like serves , won a record 14 grand slam men 's singles titles over a 15-year career , though never captured the trophy at Roland Garros . In beating Sweden 's Robin Soderling 6-1 , 7-6 , 6-4 to take the French title on Sunday , Federer equaled Sampras 's record and became only the sixth man in history to win each of the four majors . Debate : Is Federer the greatest player ever ? The feat marks the 27-year-old Swiss out as the finest player to ever grace the game according to Sampras : "  What he 's done over the past five years has never , ever been done -- and probably will never , ever happen again . "  Regardless if he won there or not , he goes down as the greatest ever . This just confirms it , " Sampras told the Guardian newspaper . "  I 'm obviously happy for Roger . If there 's anyone that deserves it , it 's Roger . He 's come so close  previously  , " Sampras said of the new champion and world number two , who lost the last three consecutive French Open finals to Spain 's Rafael Nadal . Federer spoke exclusively to CNN after his win and said he was relieved to have bounced back after relinquishing the world number one slot and the Australian and Wimbledon titles to Nadal in 2008 . "  It 's been a fantastic day - to get the elusive French title in the end was unbelievable . I always believed I was good enough to get it - but holding the trophy , after all I 've been through was just unbelievable . I 'm so proud right now you ca n't believe it . "  For me there was never a question whether I was going to retire . I worked extremely hard in the off season . Losing semifinals and finals all of a sudden was n't good enough for people anymore . But this victory is timely because I 've proved many people wrong . " The historic nature of the victory was also not lost on Federer : "  The records mean a lot to me especially after the last few years when I realized that I was  up there  with the greatest players of all time . Of course I like to break records - because I look up to people like Sampras , Agassi , Connors and McEnrore , it 's so great to be up there with those players . " However , in an ominous warning to his rivals , the champion already said he had eyes on his next conquest : "  I still feel like I have much more left in me - I 'm only 27 years-old and I 'd like to play for many more years to come and I hope I reach many more titles . " Federer 's vanquished opponent in the final , Soderling also praised his conquerer : "  For me he is the best ever and I should know as I 've player him many times , " the world-ranked number 12 told CNN . Next up for Federer is the third grand slam of 2009 , Wimbledon , where he will aim to go one better than Bjorn Borg by winning the tournament six times when the event starts on June 22 . Federer 's historic weekend win was recognized by the International Olympic Committee  IOC  president Jacques Rogge who also tagged the Swiss simply the best that tennis has seen . "  Today I wrote to Roger Federer to congratulate him on this unique success because I consider him to be the best player of all time , " Rogge told a media briefing in Brussels on Monday . The IOC supremo revealed that in the letter he had expressed the hope that Federer would take part in the 2012 Olympic Games in London . Federer added an Olympic gold to his collection of tennis accolades by winning the men 's doubles with compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka in Beijing last year .	Former world number one Pete Sampras says Federer is the ` greatest ' Both men share the record for winning 14 men 's singles titles Federer says he feels there are "  more titles to come " The Swiss eyes a new record of six tournament wins at Wimbledon
New research shows a major section of west Antarctica 's ice sheet will completely melt in coming centuries and probably raise sea levels higher than previously predicted , revealing another impact from the world 's changing climate . According to a study released Monday , warm ocean currents and geographic peculiarities have helped kick off a chain reaction at the Amundsen Sea-area glaciers , melting them faster than previously realized and pushing them "  past the point of no return , " NASA glaciologist Eric Rignot told reporters . The glacial retreat there "  appears unstoppable , " said Rignot , lead author of a joint NASA-University of California Irvine paper that used 40 years of satellite data and aircraft studies . NASA says the region has enough ice to raise global sea levels by 4 feet . According to Rignot , conservative estimates indicate the complete melting of the Antarctic ice cited in the study could take several centuries . However , the melting could have an impact this century , according to Sridhar Anandakrishnan , a geosciences professor at Pennsylvania State University . The United Nations ' most recent climate change report estimated sea levels could rise from about 1 foot to 3 feet by 2100 . Such a rise could displace tens of millions of people from coastal areas around the world . Anandakrishnan said the U.N. estimate largely did n't take into account the melting ice sheet from west Antarctica , because few studies for that area had been completed . "  So as this paper and others come out , the  U.N.  numbers for 2100 will almost certainly " lean closer to 3 feet , he said . Why scientists think it 's unstoppable The rate at which the area 's ice is melting has increased 77 % since 1973 , and there are several reasons , researchers said . The ice sheet there , unlike those in much of east Antarctica , is attached to a bed below sea level . That means ocean currents can deliver warm water at the glaciers ' base , or grounding lines -- places where the ice attaches to the bed , NASA said . The heat makes the grounding line retreat inland , leaving a less massive ice shelf above . When ice shelves lose mass , they ca n't hold back inland glaciers from flowing toward the sea . Glaciers then flow faster and become thin as a result , and this thinning is conducive to more grounding-line retreat , NASA said . "  The system  becomes  a chain reaction that is unstoppable ,  with  every process of retreat feeding the next one , " Rignot said . Iceberg is twice the size of Atlanta A hill or a mountain behind the grounding line would slow this retreat . But the beds behind nearly all the Amundsen Sea glaciers slope downward , researchers said . Rignot said he believes climate change and a depletion of the Earth 's ozone layer are partly to blame , saying they have changed the winds in the area to cause more warm water to go toward the glaciers . Climate change skeptics , many backed by a huge campaign funded by the fossil fuels industry , seek to undermine research findings on the impacts of what is popularly referred to as global warming . They challenge the scientific validity of climate change , as well as the role of human-produced pollution in contributing to it . For example , such opponents of policies to reduce U.S. carbon emissions say the severe North American winter that just ended and evidence of increasing Antarctic sea ice defied the claims by scientists of a warming planet . However , Rignot and Anandakrishnan said their findings on the west Antarctica ice shelf do n't clash with news of the record levels of Antarctic sea ice . They noted that sea ice forms and melts quickly , while glaciers are subject to longer-term change . Rignot added that the same winds that stir subsurface heat toward the base of Antarctic ice shelf also can expand sea ice cover . Not a first Such a melting would be uncommon , but not necessarily unprecedented , Anandakrishnan said . Evidence shows that west Antarctica retained an ice sheet during the last few 100,000-year cycles of glacial formation and retreat , he said . But evidence also suggests the entire west Antarctica ice sheet might have melted 500,000 to 600,000 years ago , Anandakrishnan said . The six Amundsen Sea glaciers are just a portion of the entire west Antarctic ice sheet . Though much of the other west Antarctic sections are grounded below sea level , the Amundsen Sea area is more vulnerable , in part because it has fewer hills behind the leading edges and because the shape of the sea floor helps usher more warm water to the base , NASA said . Anandakrishnan said it was possible that the melting in the Amundsen Sea area could destabilize other ice sheets . The entire west Antarctic ice sheet has enough ice to raise the global sea level by about 16 feet , NASA said .	Warm currents , other factors have caused chain reaction , NASA says Region has enough ice to raise global sea levels by 4 feet , scientists say Researchers : Melting could take several hundred years , but could have impact this century
Chris Berkey makes his living plying the often treacherous waters of the Great Lakes , delivering staples like cement to industries nestled in the myriad harbors that dot a coastline that 's equal to nearly half of the circumference of the globe . It 's not glamorous work , but it is critical to the U.S. economy . And it 's getting harder . Water levels in Lake Michigan and Lake Huron fell to record low levels for December , and are expected to break the all-time low sometime in the next few months . Cargo ships like Berkey 's are being forced to lighten their loads , some harbors have already been forced to close and the tourist trade is bracing for an impact as well . "  In years past , there was always a buffer , " he said . "  That buffer 's gone . " It 's not a new problem . Lake levels have been below average for at least 13 years , said Keith Kompoltowicz , chief of watershed hydrology for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Detroit . But it is an increasingly serious one : -- The coal trade on the Great Lakes declined 8.2 % in 2012 from the previous year , and down a quarter off the 5-year-averge -- in large part due to falling water levels and a $ 200 million backlog in necessary dredging throughout the lakes , according to the Lake Carriers ' Association . -- Commercial fishing boats are finding it increasingly difficult to navigate some harbors , risking a downturn in a vital part of the Great Lakes economy , said Mark Breederland , an educator with Michigan SeaGrant , which works with coastal communities on water-level issues , among other things . -- Charter boat operations and other businesses in coastal communities that depend on tourism fear the impact lower water levels will have from spring to fall , when tens of thousands of people flow into the state to boat , fish , eat out and shop . Fishing lure In Frankfort , Michigan , a popular salmon run on the Betsie River draws tourists drawn by the lure of fishing a rare naturally replenished population of the prized fish , said city manager Josh Mills . "  We see people from Texas , from Georgia , from Ohio , Illinois , other areas of Michigan , " he said . But low lake levels last year dried up the run , leaving salmon flopping in the mud , and forcing the state Department of Natural Resources to close the run to protect the population . It appears a good number of the fish made it to their spawning grounds , but if water levels do n't recover in the spring , the narrow channel through which the fish pass could dry up once again -- prompting tourists to find someplace else to go , Breederland said . Also of concern : potential access problems at some of the private marinas dotting Betsie Bay , Mills said . Read more : Sailing the world 's most beautiful lakes Despite efforts to diversify the city 's economy in recent years , such problems would be a huge blow to the tiny community of 1,300 , the city manager said . "  I 'm confident the community will step up , " he said . "  But if there 's no water , we 're going to miss out on a lot of activity . " Precipitation and evaporation The problem is a long-term cycle of too little water from melting snow and rain to counter the effects of evaporation on the lakes , Kompoltowicz . Last winter , too little snow fell on the Great Lakes region to fully replenish the lakes . While Lake Michigan and Lake Huron typically rise a foot after the spring melt , the lakes only rose four inches last spring , Kompoltowicz said . Add that tiny rise to a very hot , very dry summer that sucked water out of the lake like a straw , and you have a recipe for the decline in lake levels under way today , eh said . There 's too little data to say the problem is a product of global warming , he said . It 's also a cycle that 's been seen before . Lake levels were nearly this low in December 1964 , and it 's the March 1964 record that 's likely to fall in the next few months . There is hope , he said . Records dating back to 1918 would seem to indicate a cyclical pattern that could well result in record lake levels in the next few years , he said . Such swings occurred in the 1970s and 1980s after similar low points . Dredging backlog But even if the water returns , what would appear to be a more intractable problem looms : Congress . Groups with interests in the economy of the Great Lakes say Congress has failed to appropriate enough money to keep up with a growing backlog of dredging jobs needed to keep harbors clear for larger boats . As a result , 17 million tons of sediment -- runoff from farms , mostly -- built up in harbors and other critical areas , said Glen Nekvasil , vice president of the Lake Carriers ' Association , a trade association for commercial cargo interests . Michigan Sen. Carl Levin has been pushing Congress to appropriate an unspent balance of nearly $ 7 billion in a trust fund designed to pay for such work , but to little avail so far -- much to the chagrin of interests along the lakeshore . The fund takes in $ 1.6 billion a year , but only spends $ 800 million a year nationside , Nevkasil said . "  The money is there , " he said . "  They just need to use it . " Wasting Away The concern about lake levels has even spread to Chicago 's wastewater treatment program , where a spate of recent media coverage worried that declining lake levels could cause the heavily managed Chicago River to reverse its course and dump sewage into Lake Michigan . Chicago 's Metropolitan Water Reclamation District issued a press released Friday batting down the theory , saying it 's just not possible for such a thing to happen . But it could result in restrictions on river traffic as the agency works with the Corps to ensure problems with low oxygen levels in the river , the agency said in its relase . "  We are not in a crisis at this time nor do we anticipate being in a crisis this year even if the drought should continue , " the agency said . Light loads While the big deepwater ships that carry huge quantities of the nation 's iron ore , coal and other goods are able to steam the deep waters of the Great Lakes as they always have , they must carry ever lighter loads to avoid grounding on the increasingly shallow harbors where they unload . For instance , Nekvasil visited a ship Friday in Indiana Harbor , Indiana that 's designed to carry 76,000 tons of iron ore . Because of low water levels and the harbors filing with silt , it can only carry 58,000 tons , he said . As of now , light-loading is merely a matter of efficency , Nevkasil said . But that 's in large part because the fragile economic recovery has not yet put a full burner under the nation 's industry . "  We can meet demand now because the economy is not fully recovered , " he said . "  If demand for all of the cargo we move was at peak levels , we could not . " While the situation has not yet resulted in job losses among ship crews , Burkey said some of the businesses to which he 's long delivered supplies are shutting down because the harbors are just too unreliable . Others are switching to truck and rail to bring supplies . Some harbors also are planning to shut down , said Breederland , while others may not be able to accommodate some larger recreational and charter boats that bring tourists to the region when the weather warms . That worries Steve Christian , the owner of Dinghy 's restaurant in Frankfort . About 70 percent of his sales come during the summer fishing season . "  If they ca n't get into the harbor and go fish , they 're not going to be coming into my restaurant and ordering food and beverages , " he said . Still he said , he 's pretty sure things will return to normal in a few years . "  This has happened before in the living man 's memory , " he said . "  It 's cyclical , and we 'll recover . "	Water levels in Lake Michigan and Lake Huron are expected to set a record low Dry conditions are accelerating a long-term trend , forecaster says Commercial shipping , recreational boaters are facing issues The tourist trade also could suffer , experts say
CNN  -- A Dutch entrepreneur is hoping to construct the biggest indoor golf center in the world in the Netherlands which he believes will revolutionize the sport 's leisure industry . The vast 18,000 square-meter bubble will house a plethora of golf practice facilities , including chipping greens , bunkers and water hazards . The latest golf simulators will offer the choice of the top golf courses in the world , plus a rooftop 34-bay driving range with the latest high-tech swing analysis . Add in a golf shop of over 1,000 square meters , a fitness and health center and a five-star hotel , restaurants and business conference facilities and the scale of the project becomes clear . The drawback is the $ 50 million  $ 66.59 million  price tag and a prominent site big enough to house a complex bigger than a major football stadium in a densely populated country . But Standing , who has patented the term Indoor Golf Arena and hopes to franchise the concept , is unabashed even during a global recession . "  Traditional real estate developments and housing offices are suffering and investors are looking for alternatives in leisure which are becoming an increasingly attractive proposition , " he told CNN . Standing also believes that the Netherlands , which has 350,000 golfers and an annual growth rate of over 10 per cent , not to mention excellent transport links to other parts of continental Europe , is the ideal location . "  This is actually meant to put everything that makes golf a way of life under one roof , " he said . He told CNN that two sites near The Hague and Rotterdam had been earmarked for the project and said he hoped to begin building in 2012 with "  huge interest " among investors from the Middle East . The ambitious project also has the backing of the PGA of Europe and the Dutch golf federation . It is part of a trend which has seen the sport go inside with simulators enabling golfers of all standards to play the world 's classic courses without stepping outside and in all weathers . In South Korea , where courses are at a premium and memberships expensive , the numbers of golf cafes with simulators have grown exponentially while London-based operator Urban Golf told CNN it is expanding fast . Virtual screens replace greens Marketing director David Richter says they have been successful because changes in lifestyle has put leisure time at a premium . "  If you just want to have a quick game with friends you do n't have to take a whole day out of your diary , you can do it in an hour , " he said . Richter also believes that indoor operators have removed the barriers to playing at a traditional club . "  You do n't need to be a member or have a handicap certificate to play , there 's no stuffy dress code or clubhouse rules . " But whatever the advantages of indoor golf , will it replace the real thing ? Andy Calton , the Editor in Chief of Today 's Golfer , says that simulators and state-of-the-art indoor centers may indeed replace the traditional driving range , but told CNN there was no substitute for the outdoor experience . "  These places may well but the future of golf practice but as for being the future of golf , I 'm not convinced , " he said . "  I still think people want to play on a real course and find their ball in real trees ! " he added . Standing hopes his venture will boost golf standards in his native Netherlands with top players having access to the latest practice facilities , but also believes the model of traditional golf club membership is eroding as more and more players turn to a green fee-pay-and-play game . In that context , he believes his venture will flourish and he wants to franchise the idea around the world . "  Indoor Golf Arena will be the place to be for every golfer , " boasts the mission statement on the project 's Web site , only time will tell whether the bubble will float or burst .	Planned indoor golf center in the Netherlands would be the biggest of its kind The center would boast state-of-the-art facilities but carries a price tag of $ 66 million Trends point to growing demand for indoor golf faciliteis or "  virtual " golf Traditionalists say golf will remain a predominantly outdoor game
Rome  CNN  -- Two inmates testified Saturday that Amanda Knox , the American student convicted of murder in Italy , was not actually involved in the killing of her roommate . But they offered two different accounts on who the actual killers were . Three other inmates testified as well . Knox was sentenced last year to 26 years in prison for the death of Meredith Kercher at a house the two shared in Perugia , the central Italian town where both were students . Knox has vehemently proclaimed her innocence and her family has continued to fight the conviction . Two hours of legal wrangling between attorneys passed before the judge decided to allow inmates Mario Alessi and Luciano Aviello to testify . Alessi is serving a life sentence for kidnapping and killing an 18-month-old boy . Alessi testified that Rudy Guede , who has also been convicted in Kercher 's murder and is serving a 16-year sentence , told him that neither Knox nor her Italian boyfriend at the time , Raffaele Sollecito , were involved in the killing . Later in the day , Aviello , who has ties to the Naples Mafia , testified that it was his brother who was the killer , together with an Albanian man . According to Alessi , Guede said that he and an unnamed friend visited Kercher to try to get her to participate in sexual acts . When Kercher denied them , Guede 's friend forced himself on her , and Guede also participated , Alessi said . At one point , the friend pulled out a knife , and then Guede , who was holding Kercher at the time , noticed she had started bleeding , Alessi testified . Alessi told the court that Guede tried to stop the bleeding , but that his friend urged him to leave . "  We need to finish her otherwise she will tell on us , " Alessi quoted the friend as telling Guede . The friend then proceeded to inflict another wound on her , Alessi testified . Alessi said Guede remained by himself with Kercher for a while , but eventually left her injured . Prosecutors and the lawyer for Kercher 's family questioned the validity of Alessi 's testimony . Through his lawyers , Guede denied Alessi 's version of events . During his testimony , Aviello gave a different account . Aviello said that on the night of the killing , his brother came home with scratches and other wounds . As Aviello tended to the wounds , his brother confessed to him that he had killed Kercher , he said . According to Aviello , his brother said that he and an Albanian man entered the residence to steal a painting , and in the act ended up killing the girl . Aviello said he has n't seen his brother in three years . "  Inside me I know that a miscarriage of justice has taken place , " Aviello said of Knox and Sollecito 's conviction . Prosecutors questioned his credibility and Aviello admitted that he has been convicted of defamation seven times . The appeals process will continue June 27 , when Guede is expected to testify . In an additional twist Saturday , another inmate who the defense put on the stand to verify Alessi 's version of events , testified that he , in fact , did not know anything about who carried out the killings . Even though his cell was adjacent to Alessi 's and Guede 's , the inmate was Romanian and did n't know what they discussed , he said . Another witness Saturday was Marco Castelluccio , a Mafia member who testified from behind a screen because he is a protected witness . Castelluccio said that he also heard from Guede that Knox had nothing to do with the crime . Kercher , 21 , was found dead on November 2 , 2007 , seminaked with her throat slashed . Knox and Sollecito were both found guilty of the murder . Knox was sentenced in December 2009 . Guede , a drifter originally from Ivory Coast , was tried separately . As part of her appeal , forensic experts are retesting evidence that was used to convict Knox . That evidence includes a knife found in Sollecito 's apartment with Knox 's DNA on the handle and what Perugia prosecutors say is Kercher 's DNA in a tiny groove on the blade . The prosecution contends that the knife was used to stab Kercher in the neck and that it had been cleaned . The DNA matter attributed to Kercher consists of flesh , not blood , they say . The sample , however , was so small that forensic scientists investigating Kercher 's murder were not able to double-test it in accordance with international forensic science norms , which Knox 's legal team says raises doubts about its validity . The second piece of evidence the forensic experts are testing is the tiny metal clasp from Kercher 's bra , which was cut from her body after her slaying . Forensic scientists in the investigatory phase determined that Sollecito 's DNA is present on the metal clasp . The clasp was identified on an investigatory video the same day Kercher 's body was found . But it was not collected until nearly six weeks later , giving the defense cause to question whether the sample may have been contaminated .	Inmates tell different versions of who was behind killing A total of five inmates testified Saturday Knox was convicted of murder in the death of her roommate The group of convicts include a child murderer and a Mafia boss
A Ukrainian cargo plane crashed shortly after takeoff in mountainous southeastern Algeria on Saturday morning , killing seven people who were aboard , Algerian state-run news agency Algerie Presse Service reported . The Ukraine Air Alliance plane crashed about three minutes after it took off from Algeria 's Tamanrasset airport , APS reported . Rescuers reached the crash site about 15 kilometers south of the airport but found no survivors , the news service reported , citing the country 's transportation ministry . The Tamanrasset prosecutor visited the scene of the crash and has ordered police to conduct an investigation , according to APS . The Russian-built Antonov An-12 plane was carrying oil equipment , headed from Glasgow , Scotland , to Equatorial Guinea ; Tamanrasset was one of its stopovers , APS reported . No cause of the crash has been announced .	Plane crashed three minutes after takeoff , state-run Algerie Presse Service reports Plane was carrying oil equipment Aircraft was headed from Scotland to Equatorial Guinea ; had stopover in Algeria
