CNN  -- Spanish underdogs Levante kept up their remarkable early-season form by beating Real Sociedad 3-2 , their seventh successive victory , to stay top of La Liga . Levante , a team that has played second fiddle to city rivals Valencia during their 102 year history and who have never finished higher than 10th , has remarkably fended off the attentions of Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona with a quarter of the season gone . But it took an injury time free kick by Ruben Suarez to make sure of all three points after Real Sociedad 's Inigo MartÃnez had scored a late equalizer . Sociedad had taken an early lead through Daniel Estrada before Nano Rivas and Valdo Lopes put Levante in front . But despite a late equalizer , Levante came back with Suarez 's stunning free kick , which saw them leapfrog Barcelona into top spot . Real Madrid did their best to keep up with Levante after blowing Villarreal away in the first half an hour at the Santiago Bernabeu . Villarreal , perennial UEFA Champions League qualifiers in recent years , have endured a torrid start to the season , made worse when Karim Benzema scored an early goal . Kaka was then set up by Argentine international Angel Di Maria , who capped a fine half by scoring the third . The match petered out in the second half , finishing 3-0 and sending Real Madrid second above Barcelona . In Italy 's Serie A Udinese missed the chance of returning to the top of the league after losing away to Napoli 2-0 . Two first half strikes from Ezequiel Lavezzi and Christian Maggio ended Udinese 's unbeaten start to the season . But the result of the night saw AC Milan score four goals in successive games after beating Parma 4-1 . Milan found themselves 3-0 down against Lecce last week before mounting a thrilling comeback . A second half Kevin Prince Boetang hat-trick secured an unlikely 4-3 victory and it was another three-goal haul that guaranteed all the points against Parma . This time Antonio Nocerino was the hero . His first half double put Milan in control before Zlatan Ibrahimovic put the victory beyond Parma , who scored a late consolation before Nocerino completed his hat-trick in the 90th minute . "  Right now the important thing is to return to the top and we can do that , " coach Massimiliano Allegri told AFP . "  This is an important result to give us consistency . The table is starting to get stretched and we must stay amongst the leaders . "	Levante beat Real Sociedad 3-2 to stay top of Spain 's La Liga Midfielder Ruben Suarez scored deep in to injury time to secure victory The team , from Valencia , has never finished higher than 10th In Serie A Udinese missed the chance to go top as AC Milan scored four
CNN  -- In a ruling that could reverberate nationwide , the Indiana Supreme Court upheld the state 's voucher program , which gives poor and middle class families public funds to help pay for private school tuition , including religious schools . Indiana has the broadest school voucher program available to a range of incomes , critics say , and could set a precedent as other states seek ways to expand such programs . Supporters say it gives families without financial means more options on where to educate their children . However , opponents of the Indiana program had sued to block it , describing it as unconstitutional and saying it takes money from public schools . Teresa Meredith , the vice president of the Indiana State Teachers Association and one of the plaintiffs , said she was "  very disappointed in the ruling . " Unanimous ruling As many as 9,000 students statewide are part of the voucher program and more than 80 % use the funds to go to religious schools , according to Meredith . But in its unanimous 5-0 ruling , the Supreme Court said that was not an issue . It said it did not matter that funds had been directed to religious schools as long as the state was not directly funding the education . The tuition , the court said , was being funded by the parents who chose to pay it with their vouchers . "  Whether the Indiana program is wise educational or public policy is not a consideration , " Chief Justice Brent Dickson wrote . The public funds "  do not directly benefit religious schools but rather directly benefit lower-income families with school children . " Expanding the program Unlike other states , Indiana 's program is considered especially extensive because the vouchers are not limited to low-income students in failing schools . A family of four with an annual household income of $ 64,000 is eligible for vouchers worth up to $ 4,500 per child , according to the program . Indiana Republican Gov. Mike Pence has pushed to expand the program . "  I welcome the unanimous decision by the Indiana Supreme Court to uphold our school choice program , " Pence said . "  I 've long believed that parents should be able to choose where their children go to school regardless of their income . " The state Senate education committee will hear a House bill Wednesday that calls for expanding the voucher program to include children with special needs and those in military families if their household income is as high as $ 85,000 for a family of four . Meredith calls the timing "  interesting , " saying she feels the schools are getting hit twice . She believes the Supreme Court ruling will sway lawmakers who were undecided on the issue before Tuesday 's ruling . She is concerned about the future of the public school system and says other districts nationwide that have voucher programs should watch where the dollars are going and sound the alarm quickly when they see the negative fiscal impact as a result of students transferring to private schools . A nationwide debate Private school tuition vouchers are a hot political issue nationwide . They began in Milwaukee in 1990 , according to the National Education Association , and were followed by two other voucher plans in Ohio and Florida . In 2002 , the U.S. Supreme Court upheld a challenge to the voucher program in Ohio using logic similar to Tuesday 's ruling in Indiana . Courts in Wisconsin and Arizona have also upheld voucher-type laws , according to the American Federation for Children , a pro-voucher group . A voucher case is in appeal to the Colorado Supreme Court and another one is awaiting ruling at the Louisiana Supreme Court . Glenda Ritz is the Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction . She is not a fan of the voucher system , but in her role in the school system , she was named as one of the defendants . "  As state superintendent , I will follow the court 's ruling and faithfully administer Indiana 's voucher program , " she said . "  However , I personally believe that public dollars should go to public schools , and I encourage Hoosiers to send that message to their representatives in the statehouse . "	Indiana has the broadest school voucher program available to a range of incomes State Supreme Court ruling could set a precedent as other states seek to expand their programs Supporters say it gives families more options but opponents say it is not constitutional
London  CNN  -- A study for Paul Cezanne 's master work "  The Card Players , " missing for decades , has been rediscovered among the paintings of a Texas art collector , and looks set to sell for more than $ 15 million when it goes under the hammer later this year . The watercolor , one of the preparatory sketches for Cezanne 's five painting series , was only known from a black and white photograph , having last been seen in public in 1953 , and was presumed lost . But the immaculately preserved work was found earlier this year in the collection of Texas medical expert and art collector Dr. Heinz F. Eichenwald , and will be sold at Christie 's in New York on May 1 . The auction house predicts a great deal of interest from collectors in the piece , which is expected to fetch between $ 15 and $ 20 million . "  For a full-size study from this series to come to light now , when it was feared to have been lost to history by scholars and collectors alike , marks a pivotal moment in the art market , " said Sharon Kim , international director of Impressionist and Modern Art at Christie 's . The figure in the image has been identified by Cezanne scholars as Paulin Paulet , a gardener on the painter 's family estate , the Jas de Bouffan , near Aix en Provence in the south of France . Paulet is the only person to appear in all five of the finished "  Card Players " works , which were the subject of a major exhibition at London 's Courtauld Institute and at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York last year . The watercolor study was originally bought by Eichenwald 's parents , who brought it with them to the United States when the family fled the Nazi occupation of Europe in the 1930s and settled in New York . Eichenwald , who trained as a pediatrician in the U.S. and went on to become a renowned specialist , died last September at the age of 85 . He was a keen art collector , and several of his other paintings and sculptures will feature in Christie 's New York sales on May 1 and 2 . "  The ` Card Player ' series is one of the most important of the modern era , influencing so many of the painters who sought to follow in Cezanne 's footsteps , " said Kim . " -LSB- It -RSB- offers us a rare glimpse into -LSB- his -RSB- artistic process , showing us how he worked through the pose and positioning of the characters that would come to populate his greatest masterpieces . " Paul Cezanne  1839-1906  was one of the most influential Post-Impressionist painters ; a childhood friend of the novelist Emile Zola and a contemporary of Manet , Monet , Renoir and Degas . His works were a major influence on the development of Cubism : Picasso referred to him as "  the father of us all . " "  A Card Player " by Paul Cezanne , will be the star lot of a sale of Impressionist and Modern Art at Christie 's in New York on May 1 , 2012 .	Study for Paul Cezanne 's "  The Card Players " found among Texas art collector 's paintings Sketch was only known through an old photograph ; not seen since 1953 , feared lost Finished paintings in the series now hang in some of the world 's best-known galleries Experts say the study is likely to sell for $ 15 to $ 20 million at auction on May 1
Washington  CNN  Sen. Elizabeth Warren may repeatedly say she is n't running for president in 2016 , but do n't tell that to the nation 's largest liberal grassroots organization . MoveOn.org , an 8-million member liberal grassroots organization , is poised to kick off a $ 1 million campaign to draft Warren for president in 2016 . The plan will be put to MoveOn members Tuesday morning , but because of the Massachusetts senator 's popularity with the liberals , the plan is expected to easily pass . The campaign includes MoveOn.org opening offices and hiring staff in Iowa and New Hampshire , two states that are critically important in the presidential nomination process , and "  the assembly of a national volunteer army ready to go to work if Sen. Warren enters the race . " If passed , MoveOn will also begin producing "  ads and media products that call attention to how Sen. Warren has stood up and fought for the middle class and her powerful vision for our country 's future . " "  There is too much at stake to have anything other than our best candidates in the debate , " Ilya Sheyman , executive director of MoveOn.org Political Action , said in a statement . "  We are prepared to show Senator Warren she has the support she needs to enter -- and win -- the presidential race . " Warren has said a number of times that she is not running for president , despite all the liberal excitement around her possible candidacy . Through her lawyer , Warren even disavowed Ready for Warren , a super PAC hoping to draft the liberal senator . "  As Senator Warren has said many times , she is not running for president , " Lacey J. Rose , Warren 's press secretary , said on Tuesday . That said , should she decide to run , Warren would be far from the first presidential hopeful to backtrack on a pledge not to do so . "  This is a huge opportunity for MoveOn members , if they choose , to inspire Senator Warren as she has inspired so many of us , " said Anna Galland , executive director of MoveOn.org Civic Action . MoveOn 's campaign is as much a boost to Warren as it is a slight to Hillary Clinton , the Democratic frontrunner for the 2016 nomination and someone who has failed to connect with some liberal activists . MoveOn organizers wo n't fault Clinton directly , but they regularly talk about finding a nominee that fits the moment for Democrats , not someone associated with what they see as a longtime rigged political system . Polling , however , has shown that self-identified liberals overwhelmingly back the former secretary of state . In a July CNN/ORC International Poll , 66 % of liberals said they would back Clinton over people like Warren , Vice President Joe Biden and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo . In the same poll , only 13 % of liberal backed Warren . But in polls of strictly members of liberal groups , Warren fares much better . In a November poll of Democracy for America 's one million members , Warren garnered 42 % support , compared to 24 % for Vermont Independent Senator Bernie Sanders and 23 % for Clinton . MoveOn is not the only liberal political group pushing for a Warren run . Democracy for America said Tuesday it would poll its members about joining the "  Draft Warren " effort . "  Washington consultants can spout off a dozen reasons why Elizabeth Warren should n't run , but none of that beltway blather means a thing next to this one , simple truth : The Democratic Party and our country desperately need Warren 's voice in the 2016 presidential debate , " DFA Executive Director Charles Chamberlain said in a statement out Tuesday .	MoveOn.org is a liberal grassroots advocacy group with 8 million members There 's a vote Tuesday on whether to back a campaign to draft Elizabeth Warren for 2016 The liberal group is widely expected to approve the vote and put $ 1 million into the campaign MoveOn is n't the only group : Democracy for America is also polling its members
CNN  -- Matthew McConaughey tied the knot with longtime girlfriend Camila Alves at an intimate ceremony in Texas . The pair wed before close friends and family in Austin on Saturday evening . They started dating in 2006 , and the Brazilian model is the mother of his two children . Last year , McConaughey , 42 , said while there were no immediate plans to get married , that did not make them any less committed . "  Maybe one day ... maybe something down the line at the right time , " he told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  To do that , you have to really feel it . You have to really want to move forward to those things . Right now we are wonderfully happy , healthy . I get no pressure . " McConaughey and Alves , 30 , got engaged in December . McConaughey has appeared in several movies , including "  The Wedding Planner " and "  How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days . "	The pair weds at a private ceremony in Texas They started dating in 2006 , and the Brazilian model is the mother of his two children
Below is a commentary from Glenn Beck , who anchors "  Glenn Beck " on Headline News nightly at 7pm and 9pm ET . NEW YORK -- Over the holidays I decided to have some minor surgery that I 'd been putting off for a while . I intended to keep the whole thing private  you 'll read why in a minute  and I planned to be back at work just in time for the Iowa caucuses . Well , as the saying goes : "  We plan , God laughs ; " and I guarantee He 's still laughing over what happened to me next . After his painful expereince following surgery , Glenn Beck says care is the key to fixing the health care system . My "  routine " outpatient surgery  which was on my butt -- get all your sophomoric jokes out of the way now  went awry and I was in terrible , excruciating pain . To help , my doctors who were absolutely fantastic , created a sinister cocktail of pain medications so strong that it 's usually reserved only for Hollywood starlets . It included morphine , Percocet , Toradol , some sort of synthetic morphine derivative on a pump , and my personal favorite -- Fentanyl , which my doctor told me is an opiate 80 times more powerful than morphine . That combination took me to an incredibly dark place . I began having trouble breathing , and I started to hallucinate . Every time I closed my eyes it was like I entered my very own movie theater running the movie "  Saw " on a loop . I would see horrific , unimaginable images of death and after two and a half days , the combination of pain and hallucinations drove me to a point where I was literally suicidal . It felt like there was no hope and , quite honestly , if I could have ended it all right at that moment I probably would have  Sorry to disappoint some of you  . After five days in and out of the hospital , and still delirious from pain medications , I had the bright idea to post a video on glennbeck.com describing some of what I was going through . Next thing I knew , the video was picked up by the Drudge Report , posted on the front page of AOL.com , and now over 600,000 people have seen it . Glenn Beck speaks from the bed " But despite the embarrassment , I 'm actually glad that the whole episode went public because it 's given me a chance to talk about what I believe is the real problem with American healthcare : compassion , or more accurately , a lack of it . At the hospital I was often treated more like a number than a patient . At times , staff members literally turned their back on my cries of pain and pleas for help . In one case a nurse even stood by tapping his fingers as if he was bored while my tiny wife struggled to lift me off a waiting room couch . I 've now seen our system at its very best and I 've also experienced it at its very worst . But in each case , the difference had nothing to do with whether the hospital had the latest equipment or whether it looked like the Taj Mahal . It had to do with compassion . It had to do with respect . It had to do with treating people the way you 'd want to be treated when going through something unfamiliar and frightening . That 's why I do n't want to hear anymore about universal health care or HMOs or the evils of insurance companies until each and every hospital in this country can look me in the eye and tell me that they their staff is full of truly compassionate people who treat their visitors like patients , not products . Hire and train the right people , and then and only then come talk to me about everything else you need . Our politicians are right ; we do have a health care crisis in this country . But it 's not going to be fixed by them , it 's not going to be fixed by some government agency , and it 's certainly not going to be fixed by throwing more money around . No , if you really want to fix our healthcare system then look no further than the word "  healthcare " itself because the secret is right there . The secret is "  care . " After all , at the lowest of my lows , it did n't matter to me whether the hospital had marble in its bathrooms or plasma televisions on all its walls . The only thing I cared about was finding someone who actually cared about me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer E-mail to a friend	Beck suffered excruciating pain after surgery , he says Cocktail of medicines made him hallucinate , says Beck Key to improving health care is compassionate people , says Beck
CNN  -- CNN 's Larry King talked with Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal in a prime-time exclusive interview Monday night . Lousiana Gov. Bobby Jindal on Barack Obama : "  I 'm certainly not nearly as good of a speaker as he is . " Jindal gave the Republican response after President Obama 's address to Congress last week . Jindal received negative reviews after the speech , and Larry asked him how he felt about that . They also talked about the war of words in the Republican Party centered around Rush Limbaugh . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : Governor , you took a lot of flak for that speech . Were you surprised that you did ? Gov. Bobby Jindal : Let 's be clear , the president is a great speaker -- probably the greatest we 've seen in a generation . I 'm certainly not nearly as good of a speaker as he is . And I 'm not the only one that 's got that opinion . I hope people look at the content of the speech , not just the delivery . You know , for years , I 've been told I speak too quickly . Now I 'm told I speak too slowly . What 's more important is I was outlining a philosophical difference with the stimulus package , with the leadership in Congress , with the administration . I was outlining a philosophical disagreement that says we need to get businesses hiring again . We need to put more money in the private sector . Watch Larry King 's interview with Gov. Bobby Jindal " Let 's cut taxes . Let 's get rid of the wasteful spending . That 's the debate . That 's the discussion we need to be having . King : But governor , to say that the federal government apparently has no voice in this crisis , when in some cases , they are the only answer , that pointed to a lot of the criticism , did n't it ? Jindal : If the president had actually delivered the targeted temporary stimulus package that he described , I think you 'd see a lot more conservative and Republican support . We absolutely agree with the kind of infrastructure spending he describes -- speeding up federal spending that would have happened anyway . Less than 5 percent of this bill was actually -LSB- for -RSB- the shovel-ready infrastructure spending that he described . ... Fundamentally , I do n't think $ 30 million for the federal government to buy new cars , $ 1 billion for the Census , $ 50 million for the National Endowment for the Arts is going to get the economy moving again as quickly as allowing the private sector to create jobs . King : There was no criticism of the Bush bailout of the automobile industry . No criticism of the last eight years of the Republican leadership with a tremendous deficit . Jindal : Well , Larry , I think that you 're absolutely right . One of the reasons the Republicans lost the elections in 2006 and 2008 is the Republican Party did n't match its actions with its rhetoric . ... I think one of the reasons we lost elections was that the Republicans came to Washington to change the culture and instead became captive of that culture . The Republican Party defended spending and corruption we never would have accepted from the other side . King : Governor , if perception is reality , do you think your speech hurt the party ? Jindal : I think that people are going to look at the content . I think people are going to be focused now that we 've -LSB- got -RSB- alternative views on how to move our country forward . Let me begin the first to say we want to work with the president every chance we can get . Whenever we can find areas of agreement , we need to work across the aisle and put America first . But when we disagree , we need to offer principled alternative solutions . So for example , in health care , I agree with the president that health care should be affordable for every American . I just do n't think it should be a government-run program . King : All right , governor , here was Rush Limbaugh at this weekend 's CPAC Conference . Watch . Rush Limbaugh : What is so strange about being honest and saying I want Barack Obama to fail if his mission is to restructure and reform this country so that capitalism and individual liberty are not its foundation ? Why would I want that to succeed ? King : Governor , do you think people are thinking about capitalism now or are they thinking about problems ? Jindal : Look , clearly , the American people are worried about paying their mortgages , keeping their jobs and paying their health care bills . I think Rush is a great leader for conservatives . I think he articulates what a lot of people are concerned about . King : Do you want him -LSB- Obama -RSB- to fail ? Jindal : I do n't want those policies to be adopted . I want my country to succeed , but I do n't want policies to be adopted . King : What if the policies work ? Jindal : Well , again ... King : What if they work ? Jindal : This is where we have a fundamental disagreement . I do n't think it 's going work ... to spend in excess of our revenues . I want my country to succeed . But what I worry about is that simply spending money on new programs . Look at every new bailout . You talked about the auto bailouts . Then you had the fourth , I think it 's the fourth -- it 's hard to keep track -- AIG bailout today . It seems like every time you turn around , there 's another trillion dollar plan . King : One more thing . It may be moot now , but RNC Chairman Michael Steele took some shots at Limbaugh and then apologized . What do you make of all of that ? Jindal : Well , I did n't follow the day 's events . I 'm glad he apologized . I think the chairman is a breath of fresh air for the party . As I said before , I think Rush is a leader for many conservatives and says things that people are concerned about . -LSB- He -RSB- articulates very well the concern people have about growing government spending without an end in sight . King : Thanks , governor . We 'll call on you again . Always good seeing you . Jindal : Thank you , Larry .	Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal talks with CNN 's Larry King in prime-time exclusive Jindal says he hopes people judge content of his speech , not just delivery "  I think Rush -LSB- Limbaugh -RSB- is a great leader for conservatives , " Jindal says Jindal : Republicans became captive to Washington politics , lost elections as result
Kiev  CNN  -- Pro-Russian protesters who disarm and leave occupied buildings will not be prosecuted , Ukraine 's acting President Oleksandr Turchynov said Thursday . "  In the case when people put down their weapons and free administrative buildings , we do n't need to approve laws about amnesty . We guarantee there will be no criminal prosecutions of people who put down their weapons and leave the buildings . And I am prepared to formalize it with a presidential decree , " Turchynov told parliament . He added that "  the main problem is that the people who are holding the buildings in Donetsk and Luhansk are being used by the enemies of Ukraine . " The announcement came a day after Ukrainian acting Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said the separatist protests in Ukraine 's eastern region would be resolved within 48 hours -- either through negotiations or the use of force . The protests , which began Sunday , have been centered in three eastern cities : Donetsk , Luhansk and Kharkiv . The United States has accused Russia of fomenting the separatist unrest as a pretext for military intervention . Speaking Thursday in the Czech Republic , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen also pointed the finger at Moscow for "  stirring up ethnic tensions in eastern Ukraine and provoking unrest . " And he cast doubt on Russia 's assertion that the troops it has along Ukraine 's eastern border are simply there for military exercises . "  As I speak , some 40,000 Russian troops are massed along Ukraine 's borders , " he said . "  Not training , but ready for combat . We have seen the satellite images , day after day . " The United States also estimates there are up to 40,000 Russian troops near the border , based on classified and commercial satellite imagery . Military hardware A series of satellite images released Thursday by NATO appear to show large amounts of Russian military hardware , including armored vehicles , helicopters and surveillance aircraft , massed at different places near the Ukrainian border . This is accompanied by the full range of "  combat support " capabilities , such as medical facilities , fuel , food , spare parts , logistics and maintenance , NATO sources told CNN . The U.S. ambassador in Kiev , Geoffrey Pyatt , also posted photos via Twitter on Wednesday to illustrate the U.S. estimates of Russia 's troop buildup . The images depict what is said to be a field outside the southern Russian city of Rostov-on-Don -- empty in October , but filled with troops and armored vehicles on April 2 . A U.S. official with direct knowledge of the matter told CNN those photos "  are consistent " with classified imagery . Washington is sharing some information with the Ukrainians , but not highly classified intelligence , the official said . Ukraine was aligned with Moscow until a month ago , and it is believed that Ukraine 's security services are still penetrated by the Russians , the official said . ` Nothing but propaganda ' Russia 's Foreign Ministry said Wednesday that Ukraine and the United States have "  no reason for concern " about the presence of Russian forces , which it says are on military exercises . "  Russia has repeatedly stated that it does not conduct unusual or unplanned activities which are militarily significant on its territory near the border with Ukraine , " the ministry said in a prepared statement . But Rasmussen had stern words for Russia 's leaders , accusing them of spreading misinformation to justify their behavior . "  Russia is trying to justify its actions by accusing the Ukrainian authorities of oppressing Russian speakers . And by accusing NATO of a Cold War mentality , " he said . "  This is nothing but propaganda . Designed to subvert the Ukrainian government , pervert the truth and divert attention from Russia 's own illegal and illegitimate actions . " The West has strongly condemned Russia for annexing Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region last month , after a referendum held while pro-Russian forces controlled the Black Sea peninsula . It fears Russian President Vladimir Putin may next seek to invade eastern Ukraine , where there are also many ethnic Russians . Putin said Thursday that Russia had not planned in advance to absorb Crimea , according to Russian state news agency ITAR-Tass . "  I made final decisions only after the mood of the people became clear , because we had not been preparing for such developments , " Putin is quoted as telling Russian social activists . Asset freezes As the interim government works to realign the country with Europe , the state financial monitoring office announced asset freezes Thursday against ousted President Viktor Yanukovych and dozens of those close to him . Bank accounts belonging to 67 representatives of the previous government have been blocked , the office said . The action comes as the office investigates the alleged laundering of money "  obtained as the result of corruption , theft and appropriation of budget resources and property by the Ukrainian ex-President and his family , as well as members of the previous government and people connected with it , " it said . It also concerns people accused of involvement in the deaths of protesters whose street demonstrations pushed Yanukovych out of office , and of those accused of organizing separatist activity in Ukraine , the office said . Gas prices The crackdown on alleged corruption comes as Ukraine 's interim government seeks also to shore up its struggling economy . Its dependence on Russia for supplies of natural gas is a key area of concern , especially in light of a hefty price hike last month that took the cost to nearly $ 500 per 1,000 cubic meters . Ukraine owes about $ 2.2 billion for natural gas bills to Gazprom , Russia 's state-owned energy monopoly . Putin warned in an open letter Thursday to 18 European leaders that Gazprom could demand advance payment or even shut off the gas supply to Ukraine if it does n't pay up , according to the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . "  We fully realize that this  move  increases the risk of natural gas passing through Ukraine 's territory being siphoned off as it heads to European consumers , " Putin is quoted as writing . "  We also realize that this may make it difficult for Ukraine to accumulate sufficient gas reserves for use in the autumn and winter period . " Ukrainian Energy Minister Yuriy Prodan told CNN earlier that Russia was using its energy dominance as a weapon . "  Russia announced an unacceptable price for Ukraine . There is no justification for this , and of course Ukraine can not accept that price , which is almost $ 500 for 1,000 cubic meters , " he said . "  This is a political cost . It is an economic weapon which Russia is now using after they made a war in Crimea . " He said that Ukraine is ready to pay its debt but wants to pay it within the parameters of a 2013 agreement -- a deal that has since been torn up by Russia . Negotiations continue over the price , which Russia has increased by 81 % since Yanukovych was ousted in February , but Moscow has not accepted Ukraine 's proposals , he said . Prodan says Ukraine , which produces only limited amounts of gas itself , is not piping gas from Russia and has enough in reserve to last three months . But it needs a new deal either with Russia or Europe for gas before July , when it has to start stockpiling gas for essential winter heating , he said . CNN 's Kellie Morgan reported from Kiev and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Lindsay Isaac , Carol Jordan , Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Putin writes to European leaders warning that Russia could cut off gas to Ukraine Ukraine 's leader says protesters wo n't be prosecuted if they disarm , leave seized buildings NATO chief says Russian troops near Ukraine 's border are "  not training , but ready for combat " NATO releases satellite images purportedly showing Russian military hardware
CNN  -- In a tucked-away corner of Zanzibar 's historic Stone Town lies a little shop of curiosities . Colorful bags , necklaces and hats hang on the racks , and beautiful African prints line the walls . In the back room , a low hum of sewing machines is a sign of busy artisans at work . Welcome to Aromas of Zanzibar , a clothing and accessories store that 's different to others on the island . Founded by the 29-year-old entrepreneur Rizwan Janmohamed , every single thing the shop -- from guitar cases to can holders -- is made on site by local craftsmen , using only locally sourced materials . "  Since my childhood , my dream has been to own my own business , " says Janmohamed , "  so I thought to myself , what is missing in Stone Town ? At the time , everything was coming from China , India , Thailand , so I decided to make something which is produced here . That 's my concept , " he adds . Janmohamed left his job as an assistant manager of a local hotel and used a bank loan , with added help from family and friends , to set up his shop . Read more : Teen 's gardening invention blooms into planting revolution Thousands of tourists come to Stone Town each year and visit its many knickknack stores , but Janmohamed thought he would stand out by providing a piece of authentic Zanzibar for them to bring home . A melting pot of cultures He started with colorful beaded necklaces and then moved on to spices and aromatic cardamom tea . Today , his most popular items are small wallets , pouches and cosmetics cases made out of vibrant African prints known as Kitenge . However , beginnings were tough , and Janmohamed found it difficult to market his products : "  When I started the business a few years back , you can say it was a nightmare . It was really a challenge . Because you do n't know what to produce first and you do n't know what 's expected tomorrow , " he says . At the moment , his shop is breaking even , but the businessman hopes to start making a profit within two years , and says his shop is frequented not just by tourists but local people as well . Janmohamed attributes his success to Zanzibar 's unique handicrafts , which display a fusion of Swahili and Arabian culture , but stresses that creating a welcoming environment is just as important . "  It 's not just about selling your product . It 's about maintaining your service , it 's about how you talk to your customer and maintain that relationship as well , " he says . His products may be local , but Janmohamed 's ambitions run significantly further : "  I want to become one of the largest companies on the African continent for production of fabric accessories and clothing , " he says . Read more : Teen 's gardening invention blooms into planting revolution Read more : Think there are n't enough hours in the day ? Meet this maverick slum dweller Read more : ` Nigerian iTunes ' dances to the mobile phone beat	Aromas of Zanzibar sells clothing and accessories crafted in vibrant African prints All products are made on site by local artisans , using only locally sourced materials The shop is the brainchild of former hotel assistant manager Rizwan Janmohamed
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Opening statements began Thursday in the corruption trials of six former city council members of Bell , California , who are accused of receiving exorbitant salaries for no work and turning taxpayer money into a personal "  piggy bank , " officials said . The six former council members are named in a 20-count complaint accusing them of misappropriating about $ 1.2 million in public funds . The six are being tried in a Los Angeles County courtroom : former Mayor Oscar Hernandez and former council members Teresa Jacobo , George Mirabal , Luis Artiga , George Cole and Victor Bello , said spokeswoman Jane Robison of the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office . Also charged in the corruption case are former City Manager Robert Rizzo and former Assistant City Manager Angela Spaccia , whose trials have yet to be scheduled , Robison said . Together , the eight defendants are charged with misappropriating more than $ 5.5 million , including being paid for phantom committee meetings and making illegal personal loans . Former District Attorney Steve Cooley had called the case a "  feeding frenzy of corruption by Bell officials . " He filed the charges in 2010 ; he retired last year . Each of the so-called Bell Eight has pleaded not guilty , authorities said . Prosecutors have alleged that the six ex-council members , as well as the two other former city officials , turned the city treasury into "  their own piggy bank , which they looted at will . " Between 2006 and 2010 , they "  illegally gamed the system to receive ridiculous salaries for doing no work " and were paid nearly $ 8,000 a month for meetings on four boards that never took place or lasted just a few minutes , prosecutors have alleged . Those boards were the Solid Waste Authority , Surplus Property Authority , Public Finance Authority and Community Housing Authority , authorities said . In 2011 : Officials in California scandal reject plea deal Bell , a city of 36,000 , is about 10 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . The city has taken measures to promote transparency in government by posting the city 's "  checkbook " on a revamped website , Mayor Ali Saleh told CNN . The open records are designed to rebuild the public trust , Saleh said . "  All we 're waiting for now is justice for our residents , " Saleh said of the ongoing trial . "  Let 's not forget that we still have a lot of issues with litigation that the city has endured because of the scandal . " He was referring to lawsuits against the city , including one filed by Rizzo and by the former police chief , who was making more than $ 400,000 a year , he said . Saleh is now focused on "  moving the city forward , " he said . He said council members no longer make $ 100,000 a year . "  I 'll tell you exactly what my W-2 says from 2012 : $ 8,130.12 -- do n't forget the 12 cents , " he said , providing his city salary last year . Current council members now receive $ 673 a month , he said . Former New Orleans mayor indicted	NEW : "  All we 're waiting for now is justice for our residents , " current mayor says NEW : Council members now receive only $ 673 a month , not $ 100k a year as before , he says Six former council members in Bell , California , pleaded not guilty in corruption case They are accused of getting big salaries for no work and misappropriating $ 1.2 million
CNN  -- Thursday , January 21 8:44 p.m. -- Haitian police shot and killed a man they suspected of stealing rice in Port-au-Prince on Thursday , leaving his body on the sidewalk for hours as his family mourned . Witnesses said no one was looting at the time . A nearby shop owner said the five bags of rice the men were found with fell from a truck and passers-by picked them up . 8:30 p.m. -- Haiti 's orphanages have become targets for people desperate for food , water and medical supplies , aid workers said . On Wednesday night , Maison de Lumiere , an orphanage caring for 50 orphans , came under attack from a group of 20 armed men , aid workers told the Joint Council on International Children 's Services . A neighboring orphanage sheltering about 135 children has been robbed several times over the past few days , they said . 6:20 p.m. -- U.S. medical assistance teams have treated 7,000 patients in Haiti , the White House said in a statement . A total of 160 U.S. missions have been flown carrying 2,600 tons of relief supplies and more than 2,500 military and relief personnel into Haiti , and will be delivering 50,000 hand held radios to Haitians , the statement said . The U.S. has also evacuated approximately 10,500 people from Haiti so far , including 8,300 American citizens , the White House said . 5:59 p.m. -- The Senate unanimously passed legislation Thursday that will allow taxpayers to deduct cash donations to Haiti earthquake relief on their 2009 tax returns instead of having to wait to file the claims next year . 4:37 p.m. -- Haitians are lining up in the streets for hours to try and receive wire transfers at the banks and wire services open in Haiti . Some Haitians said they have n't been able to eat because they do n't have cash to buy any food available at street markets . 3:34 p.m. -- The U.S. Southern Command conducted an air drop of food and water over Haiti on Thursday . A C-17 delivered water and 17,200 meals ready to eat , the military said in a statement . Thursday 's air drop was the second since the quake ; the first was Monday . 1:06 p.m. -- Soldiers at the U.S. military base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , have set up tents , beds and toilets in anticipation of a possible influx of Haitian refugees , a military spokeswoman said . 12:55 p.m. -- A Dutch Navy ship , the Pelikaan , was docked at Port-au-Prince 's south pier Thursday , unloading 90 tons of humanitarian aid . Two other ships previously offloaded containers . 12:29 p.m. -- The USGS confirms a magnitude 4.8 aftershock occurred nine minutes after the magnitude 4.9 at 11:45 a.m. and 15 miles closer to the capital . 12:14 p.m. -- Twitter users in the Port-au-Prince area report multiple small aftershocks . 11:45 a.m. -- An aftershock shook the capital . The U.S. Geological Survey estimated its magnitude at 4.9 and located its epicenter 30 miles west of Port-au-Prince . 11:10 a.m. -- Gen. Douglas Fraser , head of the U.S. Southern Command , said 63 military helicopters and 20 ships are working in and around Haiti . The military has distributed 1.4 million bottles of water , 700,000 meals and 22,000 pounds of medical supplies , he said . 10:52 a.m. -- One of two piers at the port serving the Haitian capital has reopened , and a gravel road was laid off of it , clearing a major route for aid to come into Port-au-Prince , officials said . 10:21 a.m. -- Save the Children , World Vision and a unit of the British Red Cross called Thursday for an immediate halt to any new adoptions of Haitian children after last week 's earthquake , saying the focus must first be on tracing any family members the children may still have and reuniting them . 10:14 a.m. -- Louis Belanger of the charity Oxfam tweeted : "  Water : all @oxfam sites are operational today . No logistical problems reported . Good day in #Haiti so far . " 9:35 a.m. -- Haitians need donations of cash -- not clothes , food , medicine , or other relief supplies , as well intended as they might be , aid groups said Thursday . Such "  in-kind " donations take up valuable space in cargo shipments and waste aid workers ' time in sorting through the items , charities said . 9:19 a.m. -- The State Department says the campaign that allows mobile phone users to donate $ 10 to the Red Cross by texting "  Haiti " to 90999 has surpassed $ 25 million , making it the largest mobile donation campaign to date . 8:18 a.m. -- About 100 aid flights are arriving daily at the Port-au-Prince airport , up from 25 a day just after the earthquake hit January 12 , a senior administration official says . How you can help 8:13 a.m. -- Ice and bread began appearing on the streets of Port-au-Prince this morning , for sale next to flattened and buildings and piles of rubble . Street vendors have been selling goods for days , but mostly nonperishables like crackers and candy . CNN crews spotted loaves of bread Thursday that appeared homemade as well as men and women carrying small blocks of ice in plastic bags . 2:48 a.m. -- The U.S. military will now station aid officials in the Port-au-Prince airport control tower to assess the contents of each flight , to prioritize landings and ease the flow of aid . The military also will provide security for U.N. relief teams , which had not been able to operate at night without protection . Share your earthquake stories 1:15 a.m. -- Any U.S. citizen who wants to leave Haiti on a U.S. military transport aircraft can do so simply by going to the airport and applying for voluntary departure at a State Department office placed on the tarmac . The service is available to U.S. citizens or anyone escorting a U.S. citizen who is a minor . iReport.com : Looking for loved ones 12:01 a.m. -- Electrical power was still out most places in Port-au-Prince , but traffic lights were functioning . Some banks , wire-transfer offices and a few stores reportedly were planning to reopen Thursday . Follow daily developments : January 12 January 13 January 14 Friday Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday	Watch Anderson Cooper live from Haiti at 10 p.m. ET tonight . Read Twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in Haiti Read CNN.com 's complete special coverage of the Haiti earthquake iReport : Looking for loved ones
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- A Louisiana appeals court has removed a Lasalle Parish judge from the remaining "  Jena Six " cases , court officials told CNN Friday . Protesters gather at Jena High School during a civil rights march on September 20 , 2007 , in Jena , Louisiana . Attorneys for four of the defendants had asked 9th Judicial District Judge Thomas Yeager to recuse Judge J.P. Mauffrey Jr. . They said Mauffrey "  had made numerous statements on numerous occasions " indicating he had already decided on a defendant 's guilt and punishment . "  Indeed , Judge Mauffrey has expressed his belief generally that Jesse Ray -LSB- Beard -RSB- and his African-American friends are guilty , not only of the misconduct alleged in this matter , but of several other acts of misconduct as well , " according to court documents filed in the case . A court official said Friday Yeager had found that the appearance of impropriety existed and recused Mauffrey . Beard is one of six black Jena High School students accused of beating a white student during a school fight on December 4 , 2006 . The case drew national headlines when the teens initially were charged with second-degree attempted murder after they allegedly knocked out Justin Barker while stomping and kicking him . After the charges triggered protests , they were reduced to aggravated second-degree battery . One of the teens , Mychal Bell , reached a plea agreement on a battery charge in juvenile court . Dale Hickman , an attorney who represents another youth , Bryant Purvis , told CNN Mauffrey 's removal was good news for his case . The judge tended to view the group as "  six thugs " and not individuals , he said . Hickman added he would be concerned about the outcome of a trial held before Mauffrey if his client waived his right to a jury . CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	9th Judicial District Judge Thomas Yeager recuses Judge J.P. Mauffrey Jr. . Appearance of impropriety exists , Yeager finds Six black Jena High School students are accused of beating a white student Thousands marched through Jena last year to protest handling of case
CNN  -- What sounded like the most tragic of accidents -- a dad absentmindedly leaving his toddler in the car on a scorching Georgia day -- is now being treated by police as a horrific crime . Two new details were added to a revised Cobb County criminal warrant Tuesday : Not only did Justin Ross Harris put his son in the car minutes before arriving at work on June 18 , but he also returned to his car hours later during his lunch break . Harris placed his son , 22-month-old Cooper , into a rear-facing child restraint in the backseat of his Hyundai Tucson after eating breakfast at a fast-food restaurant . He then drove to his workplace , a Home Depot corporate office about a half-mile away , according to the warrant . Read the criminal warrant  PDF The 33-year-old father returned to the car during his lunch break , opening the driver 's side door "  to place an object into the vehicle , " the warrant states . Later that afternoon , around 4:16 , Harris left his workplace near Vinings , outside Atlanta . Within minutes , he pulled into a shopping center asking for assistance with the toddler , who had been in the car for about seven hours at that point , the warrant says . Did Harris intend to kill his son ? Besides felony murder , Harris was charged June 19 with first-degree child cruelty . On Tuesday a magistrate judge downgraded the lesser charge to second-degree child cruelty . Mark Gargaros , a CNN legal analyst , offered this interpretation of the downgrading of that charge Wednesday on "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  It 's almost a concession that they do n't believe , that the prosecutors do n't believe they 've got the evidence to say this is intended or premeditated , " he said . The second-degree warrant says Harris "  did with criminal negligence causes  sic  a child under the age of 18 cruel or excessive physical or mental pain . " The earlier , first-degree child cruelty warrant said the crime occurs when a person "  willfully deprives the child of necessary sustenance to the extent that the child 's health or well-being is jeopardized . ... " "  There 's a difference between negligence and gross negligence , " Cobb Police spokesman Mike Bowman said at a press conference . "  The thing about the negligence is that it could happen to anybody . The gross negligence shows that there 's some other circumstances revolving around this . " When a reporter directly asked if authorities think it 's malice or negligence , Bowman said , "  I honestly do n't have an answer for that question . " But in a seeming contradiction of the charge being downgraded , Cobb County Police Chief John House said Wednesday in a press release , "  The chain of events that occurred in this case does not point toward simple negligence and evidence will be presented to support this allegation . " ' A distressed moment ' Witness Dale Hamilton told CNN affiliate WSB-TV that an emotional Harris pulled into the shopping center after purportedly realizing he had forgotten to drop Cooper off at day care at 8:30 a.m. . The day care is reportedly located at the Home Depot office where Harris works . "  Laid his son on the ground , started doing CPR trying to resuscitate him . Apparently the child was n't responding , " Hamilton told the station . Police saw a crowd , and when officers began to investigate , they saw the child on the ground . Once it became clear that Cooper was dead , Harris had to be physically restrained , police said . "  There were a number of witnesses -- passers-by in the area who observed basically the father in a very distressed moment , " said Sgt. Dana Pierce of the Cobb County police . Added Hamilton , "  He kept saying , ` What have I done ? What have I done ? ' And that 's all that I could ascertain that he was saying . " Medical examiner opinion Police seemed sympathetic at first , and Pierce told media that Harris apparently forgot the child was in the back of the vehicle while he was at work . The average temperature was about 80 degrees that day , but the mercury topped 92 at the hottest point in the day . Police say the temperature was 88 degrees when the child was pronounced dead at the scene . The child 's cause of death was "  consistent with hyperthermia and the investigative information suggests the manner of death is homicide , " the Cobb County Medical Examiner 's Office said , according to a Cobb County Department of Public Safety release issued Wednesday . The release says the medical examiner 's office is waiting for toxicology test results before making an official ruling as to the cause and manner of the toddler 's death . ` This could happen to anyone ' The story of the hapless father making an innocent mistake quickly changed as police released more details . "  Within moments of the first responders getting to the scene and doing their job and questions began to be asked about the moments that led up to their arrival at the scene , some of those answers were not making sense to the first responders , " Pierce said last week . "  I 've been in law enforcement for 34 years . What I know about this case shocks my conscience as a police officer , a father and a grandfather . " When Harris was charged with felony murder and child cruelty , there was vigorous debate over whether the heartbroken father should be punished . Surely , he had suffered enough , many thought . A change.org petition was started urging authorities to release Harris . That petition was withdrawn Thursday , with this note explaining : "  I think that based on the recent developments this petition is no longer relevant . I still pray that this was truly an accident . If that is the case , the DA now knows that the community does not want Justin prosecuted on murder charges . " Atlanta area resident Erin Krans started a second change.org petition asking prosecutors to drop the charges . It has garnered hundreds of signatures and was still operational as of 8:30 p.m. Thursday . ' A happy baby ' According to an obituary on legacy.com , Cooper "  was a happy baby . He loved to speak with anyone and made impacts on many people 's lives in his short time . " The toddler loved cars and trucks and would tell them goodbye as he left parking lots , the obituary said , adding that he had just learned the color red . "  As we passed red vehicles he would tell his mommy and his daddy , ` Bye red car , bye red truck . ' He was a joy and will always be cherished , " it said . Last week , Harris pleaded not guilty to felony murder and child cruelty charges . He 's being held without bond at the Cobb County Jail and is scheduled to appear before a county judge July 3 . Cooper 's mother , Leanna Harris , told CNN last week that she 's been advised not to discuss the case with the media . "  We have been in communication with the mother throughout the investigation . At this time , I 'm not at liberty to discuss her involvement . That 's a part of the case our detectives are working on , " Pierce said . Repeated calls to the father 's attorney have not been returned , and a woman answering the phone at H. Maddox Kilgore 's office said the lawyer would not be commenting at this time . Home Depot said through spokeswoman Catherine Woodling that , per company policy , Harris is on a leave of absence without pay . "  It is not appropriate to comment on any new developments in this active investigation . Like the rest of our community , we 're deeply saddened by this tragic event and we continue to cooperate with authorities on their ongoing investigation , " she said in an e-mail . Cooper Harris ' funeral will be Saturday at the University Church of Christ in Tuscaloosa , Alabama . The service is open to the public . Opinion : I , too , left my child in a hot car CNN 's Victor Blackwell , Devon M. Sayers , MaryLynn Ryan and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Child cruelty charge downgraded from first to second-degree Justin Ross Harris has been charged with murder in the death of his son The boy was left in a hot car , strapped to his seat in suburban Atlanta last week Investigators say Harris returned to his car hours before he said he found his son
EW.com  -- Extra ! Extra !! Christian Bale offered $ 50 million to play Batman again ! If you 've scanned the superhero sites lately , you 've inevitably read reports that Bale is being lured back to the Batcave with a $ 50 meeellion offer to square off against Henry Cavill 's Superman in Warner Bros. ' Man of Steel sequel . Fans of Christopher Nolan 's Dark Knight trilogy and Bale 's dark portrayal of the Caped Crusader immediately rejoiced , convincing themselves that Bale 's previous denials and his desire to pass the torch to another Batman could quickly be erased by cold hard cash . Perhaps that will eventually be the case . But not today . The recent online buzz erupted after the London Sun reported that "  Bale is facing extraordinary pressure " to return to the character for a huge payday . The Sun 's sources , however , are n't exactly Warner Bros. insiders or members of Bale 's inner circle . Instead , the tabloid was blindly relying on a new ebook titled Beyond Batman : The Unauthorized True Story of Christian Bale and His Dark Knight Dilemma . It 's a 27-page mini-book from an author named Vincent Russel , who 's also written an unauthorized biography of WWE superstar CM Punk . EW : Warner Bros. reveals plans for a Batman/Superman film at Comic-Con In Beyond Batman , Russel writes about a New Year 's Eve 2012 conversation about a potential Justice League movie that he had with a friend who worked at Legendary Pictures during the making of the Dark Knight films : " ` Why would Christian Bale walk away from what is certainly going to be either the first or second highest grossing movie in the history of cinema , " he asked , when the subject of Justice League was raised . ... ` He could probably make $ 50 million for being in the movie 20 minutes , ' my friend observed . ` And it would be worth every penny to the studio . ' ... Sources close to Christian Bale have reportedly begun expressing their suspicions that Bale now views the Batman films in the same light that Robert Downey , Jr. views the Iron Man films . Although Downey has appeared as Tony Stark in four films in less than a decade , he 's hardly typecast as only Iron Man . Downey has balanced his action film escapades with other projects that have harnessed his talents and earned critical acclaim in the process . ... Christian Bale 's future success as a Hollywood draw may need Batman every bit as much as the Batman franchise needs Bale for a few more rounds . ... It goes without saying that Bale 's managers , friends , and representatives are all telling him the same . And as anyone who has ever worked with Bale will admit , the actor is incredibly sharp , business savvy , and perceptive . As a result , it seems highly unlikely that Christian Bale will bolt from Batman when the bat signal is still glimmering above the Hollywood sign with such tangible fervor . " Got all that ? A "  former colleague " of Russel 's told him seven months before Man of Steel even opened in theaters that Bale could probably get $ 50 million for appearing in a subsequent Justice League movie . Now , let 's assume Russel 's former colleague is a top Legendary executive and that everything he said accurately reflects the company 's thinking ... That still does n't equate into what 's being reported by many outlets today . There is no $ 50 million offer , based on a speculative conversation that took place eight months ago . The confusion is n't necessarily the fault of Russel â $ " who relied on "  exclusive interviews , online research " for his $ 2.99 ebook â $ " but the number of outlets that hurriedly ran with the news , most likely because of their steadfast belief that this type of announcement is inevitable . Of course Warner Bros. is going to make a final push to get Bale back , goes the thinking . And $ 50 million seems about right  I guess ?  Reportedly , director Zack Snyder wants a slightly older , wearier Batman to battle Cavill 's younger Superman . That would be Bale , who 's only 39 , but he certainly pulled that off in The Dark Knight Rises . Warner Bros. and Bale 's rep both declined to comment about the newest speculation , but that could mean anything or nothing . EW : Zack Snyder looking for an older Batman ? For those who want to go down the rabbit-hole , Bale starts shooting Exodus , his Moses epic with Ridley Scott , this fall , but he 's not yet officially booked for anything in early 2014 , when Batman vs. Superman is tentatively scheduled to shoot . So he 's potentially available . Bale also would n't be the first actor to feign disinterest in order to secure a better payday . He 's either completely content with walking away from the franchise , or he 's playing this non-negotiation negotiation perfectly . Or both . Conceivably , he could return as Batman for one epic battle with Superman , really die the noble death he faked in Dark Knight Rises and then hand the keys of the Tumbler over to his new successor , played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt , for the subsequent Justice League movie â $ " STOP !!! See , I understand why we care and why we were so willing to believe the $ 50 million offer report . But the fact is , Warner Bros. is still looking for its Batman , and last we heard from Bale on the matter , he said , "  I enjoy looking forward to what somebody else will come up with . " Admittedly , that was in July , but that was also seven months after the sketchy conversation that launched the $ 50 million rumor . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	There 's buzz that a big paycheck could be in the offering for Bale He has expressed wanting to pass the torch to another Batman Bale has not officially booked any projects for 2014
CNN  -- The Massachusetts Institute of Technology has long been known worldwide for its engineering programs , and a symposium at MIT this week will draw scientists from around the globe to focus on a hot facet of the field -- climate engineering . The title of the symposium itself underscores the questions surrounding climate-changing science : "  Engineering a Cooler Earth : Can We Do It ? Should We Try ? " Climate engineering may sound a little Frankensteinian and worrisome , but it 's not a new concept . Governments and militaries have tried over the years to control the weather for various reasons -- and have mostly failed . In the past decade , though , scientists have made major strides in developing technologies to cool the globe , and some of these processes are are gaining momentum among those who think drastic measures are needed to control the warming Earth . The subject is rife with controversy , including whether intentional climate engineering itself is even new . "  Very broadly , we 're already engineering the climate . The question now is whether we should do it on purpose , " said MIT associate professor of environmental policy and symposium participant Judith Layzer . "  That would involve taking action , inventing gizmos , and using them ideally to abate some of the warming that is expected to happen from global climate change . " But not everyone agrees that , through decades of massive pollution , humans have already interfered with the climate on a global scale , albeit unintentionally . Jim Fleming is a professor of science , technology and society at Colby College in Maine , and a speaker at the upcoming symposium . "  It 's the inadvertent , ` engineering through pollution ' argument , and I do n't really agree with it , " Fleming said . "  I 'm a historian of science , and I believe humans have been intervening on purpose for much longer than people will admit . So one of the lessons of climate engineering , I think , is that some climate engineers insist they 're the first generation to purpose this deliberate manipulation . ... I think history says otherwise . " There are several geo-engineering processes getting a lot of attention right now . Creating an artificial cloud cover , or modifying clouds to reflect light back into space , is one of them . But probably the more popular climate engineering technology now involves pumping sulfates into the atmosphere to block the sun 's rays and cool temperatures , similar to what happens in volcanic eruptions . "  In 1830 , the first national meteorologist of the U.S. , James Espy , proposed making artificial volcanoes of his own . So whether it 's weather or climate , this manipulation has been proposed and , in some cases attempted , for a very long time , " Fleming said . Weather manipulation or modification can be traced to the 1940s and '50s , with a process called cloud seeding . In cloud seeding , many chemicals -- including dry ice and silver iodide -- were tried to produce rain or snow . In fact , author Kurt Vonnegut 's brother , Bernie Vonnegut , invented silver iodide when he worked at General Electric in the 1950s . The Chinese and Russians have bragged about having weather-modifying technology for years . "  The Chinese have been claiming to have brought good weather to the Olympics for their parades . And the mayor of Moscow just said he was going to stop all snow in the city for the whole winter , but he did n't get a good response from the suburbs , " Fleming said . MIT 's Layzer thinks climate engineering will create new problems that will need their own solutions . "  The idea of taking a symptom of global warming , which is heat , and trying to mitigate that symptom seems to me to be just another form of parceling a large and comprehensive problem into bits and pieces , which will in turn need solutions . " Layzer also sees it this way : "  Climate engineering is just another example of treating a symptom . Treating problems in a piecemeal way , actually you just move the problem from one place to another . If you take pollution out of the air , you still have it . You have to put it somewhere , so you put it in the water . Then you 've polluted the water . " All these issues will come up for discussion at the MIT symposium Friday . Fleming sums up the symposium as a chance perhaps to learn what might not work , in addition to what might . "  Tinkering with the planet is dangerous , " he said . "  The lessons would be very similar to those learned in the weather control experiments . It would be very difficult to measure and it might have incredible inadvertent and unwelcome side effects . "	MIT symposium set to ask crucial questions about man 's ability to change climate Some argue man has already manipulated the climate -- unwittingly Others argue trying to manipulate the weather could have unintended consequences Artificial cloud cover to reflect back sunlight is one idea getting a lot of attention
CNN  -- Just how controversial is Rihanna 's new album ? That depends on how worked up you get about rhyme schemes like this : " Your love is infectious/Let 's make out in this Lexus . " ` Sons of Anarchy ' : See new EW cover ! She might 've stirred up headlines when she invited her ex Chris Brown to sing that line on " Nobody 's Business , " which borrows its title  and its '80s R&B sound  from Michael Jackson 's " The Way You Make Me Feel . " But the album is far less defiant than its title suggests , with just as many lovely moments by the piano  " Stay "  as there are dubstep-warped bangers  check out the massive club rave-up " Jump , " which nods to Ginuwine 's equestrian-love classic " Pony "  . ` Pitch Perfect ' extended scene : Watch After last year 's Eurodisco romp "  Talk That Talk , " the only thing shocking here is how vulnerable she sounds . B + See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rihanna stirred up headlines when she invited Chris Brown to sing on "  Nobody 's Business " "  Nobody 's Business " borrows its '80s R&B sound from Michael Jackson 's "  The Way You Make Me Feel " The album is less defiant than its title suggests , with many lovely moments by the piano
CNN  -- Parts of the Eastern United States on Friday fended off freezing rain and snow as a powerful winter storm lumbered through the Great Lakes , driving thunderstorms eastward . The National Weather Service predicted the storm would affect the Upper Midwest , Great Lakes and the Northeast , with blizzard conditions in Minnesota and Iowa and strong winds across a portion of the Great Lakes and Ohio Valley . Severe storms -- with wind and large hail -- were possible from Boston to Miami , said CNN meteorologist Sherri Pugh . Frozen conditions may have been a factor in a crash early Friday in Maine that left a driver dead . An SUV driver lost control of the vehicle while it was traveling on a snow-covered stretch in Somerville and slammed into a big rig , the Lincoln County Sheriff 's Office said . Several New York-area airports -- LaGuardia , Kennedy and Newark in northern New Jersey -- were experiencing ground delays as of 6 p.m , due to limited visibility , the Federal Aviation Administration reported online . The wild weather also brought strong winds to parts of the Southeast and mid-Atlantic , though that threat was over by evening . Before then , the weather service reported two possible tornadoes early Friday afternoon in south-central Georgia , including one in Johnson County that damaged 12 buildings , including ripping the front doors off a fire station . There was also an EF0 tornado -- indicating 65 to 85 mph winds lasting three seconds or more -- in Compton , Maryland , 60 miles southeast of Washington , D.C. Heavy winds also downed trees in Kentucky , North Carolina , South Carolina and Virginia , while up to quarter-size hail was reported on Florida 's Atlantic coast around St. Augustine . This all came on the heels of severe storms that struck Illinois late Thursday afternoon , knocking out power , damaging buildings and spawning floods , the National Weather Service reported . On Thursday night , storms and high winds swept across Tennessee , pelting Nashville with rain and hail and leaving thousands in the dark . In Illinois , damaging wind and golf ball-size hail were reported overnight . About 24,000 people in the state lost power , according to utility Ameren Illinois . Effingham and Champaign counties in Illinois reported flooding . "  We have some power lines down and a little water in the road in some places , " said Pam Jacobs , director of the Effingham County Emergency Management Agency . John Dwyer , emergency management coordinator for Champaign County , reported road flooding and standing water in farm fields . He said the flooding was caused by 3 inches of rain Thursday coupled with the snow melt . The National Weather Service said radar indicated rainfall of 3 to 4 inches per hour . The Illinois State Police reported that fog caused a wreck on Interstate 57 in northeast Illinois , involving at least 27 vehicles . Authorities said they received reports of injuries , none of them life-threatening . As the storm moved eastward , winds knocked down dozens of trees in Nashville , reported CNN affiliate WSMV-TV . The station said trained weather spotters reported 1-inch hail and 95-mph winds . CNN 's Ed Payne , Greg Botelho and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	NEW : Low visibility causes ground delays at three New York-area airports NEW : Possible tornadoes touch down in Georgia , Maryland NEW : High winds strike parts of the Southeast , mid-Atlantic Storm is expected to affect the Upper Midwest , Great Lakes and Northeast
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Whether entrenched in business meetings or stuck on a layover , you may find yourself in Chicago with limited time to spare . But this vibrant city has so much to offer that it 's worth using every free moment to see something new . Here are some of the things I managed slip in on a recent business trip to Chicago . Underneath the "  Cloud Gate " sculpture , the perspective gets distorted in the reflection . Museum : The famous Art Institute of Chicago  111 S. Michigan Ave.  has enough rooms of artwork to keep a person exploring for days ; unfortunately , I got there just before it closed at 5 p.m. Still , it was worth a peek . In 15 minutes , you can see the impressive gallery of Impressionists , including Renoir and Monet , and dash through to some of the nearby rooms to glimpse medieval religious art . Allot more time to explore , if your schedule allows ! For those who plan a little better , a number of works by painter Edvard Munch , famous for "  The Scream , " are on display until April 26 . Public art : Hey , look , it 's a giant bean ! Just a few blocks north of the Art Institute , this gigantic reflective sculpture called "  Cloud Gate " weighs 110 tons , stands 33 feet high and is made of stainless steel plates . British artist Anish Kapoor designed it with liquid mercury in mind , says the Millennium Park Web site . Chances are , there 's probably a bunch of tourists taking pictures of themselves reflected in it . International food : Chicago has a plethora of cuisines from around the world . For my first dinner , I went to the Berghoff  17 W. Adams St.  , a German restaurant near Millennium Park downtown . Even if you 're alone , this is a fine place to sit at the bar , munching delicious wiener schnitzel and potatoes , and have casual conversations with the locals . The service is excellent , so if you 're in a rush , you 'll probably make your next appointment . Bonus : Take the famous El train back to your hotel ; there 's a stop right on Adams Street . Views : Night has fallen , and so has the temperature , but the adventure is just beginning . For a breathtaking view of the surroundings , take the fast elevator up to the Signature Room at the 95th in the John Hancock building  875 N. Michigan Ave.  and ponder the panoramic scenery over cocktails and snacks in the lounge on the 96th floor . The Chicago area is so flat that you can see for miles : endless rows of streetlights extending into the horizon . A chocolate martini and a view like that go well together . Music : If you 're still restless and eager for adventure , head to a different neighborhood . Lincoln Park , a trendy area north of downtown , has a slew of bars that cater to the young and the young at heart . Duffy 's Tavern  420 1/2 W. Diversey Parkway  will have either a live band or the standard selection of pop music . The local beer on tap , called 312 after the city 's area code , has a refreshing lemon-wheat taste . Movies : Ca n't sleep ? Now that you 've seen some of the city , maybe you 'll recognize it in films . Chicago locals seem extremely proud of the presence of their city in last summer 's Batman hit , "  The Dark Knight . " Try watching it on mute so you can focus on the scenery rather than the shooting , and maybe that will help you doze off . Pizza : Do n't leave Chicago without trying some of the famous deep-dish pizza . I was rushing to make my flight , but fortunately Giordano 's  various locations throughout the city  accepts take-out orders half an hour in advance , even in the morning . Since there was a huge line for dinner the night before , in the morning I ended up ordering ahead and then eating half of it right there at the restaurant while my colleagues unhurriedly ordered at the table . Before their food came , I ran to get a taxi to the airport with pizza box in hand . Update : Airport security did not question the cheesy goodness oozing in the box in my carry-on bag . The next day , the pizza took at least half an hour to reheat , but it was still pretty tasty .	Paintings by Edvard Munch , famous for "  The Scream , " are at the Art Institute Explore nightlife in Lincoln Park , a trendy area north of downtown Enjoy breathtaking views of the city from the 96th floor of the John Hancock Center
CNN  -- Perhaps more important than the newest mystery surrounding CIA contractor Raymond Davis -- who paid the purported seven-figure sum to the Pakistani victims ' families who blessed his release from jail ? -- will be the political reaction within Pakistan , where the populace is already outraged over Davis ' fatal shooting of two men there , analysts said Wednesday . The other potential impact of the "  Raymond Davis Affair , " as one analyst dubbed it , is whether it will damage diplomatic relations between the United States and Pakistan , in which Americans depend on Pakistan in fighting terror and the Pakistanis enjoy substantial U.S. aid . "  There is the curious question of who made the payment . I suppose it 's going to remain a mystery for a while , " said Mark Quarterman , director of the Program on Crisis , Conflict , and Cooperation of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  His presence there and the story about his presence were kind of a mystery from the start , " Quarterman added . "  Now his presence in Pakistan ends with one more curiosity . I think the fallout from this is far from over . It will be interesting to see what the reaction is in Pakistan . It 's been the lead story " in media there , he added . Davis was released under a Sharia practice called diyat , or compensation , which is enshrined in Pakistan 's penal code and allows victims ' families to pardon a murderer with or without being paid "  blood money , " said the former chief justice of Pakistan 's Supreme Court , Saeed U Zaman Saddiqi . Although the origins of the payments in the Davis case are a significant political matter , the more imminent concern is whether average Pakistanis will accept how "  blood money " was paid to the victims ' families , analysts said . "  What we 're watching for , " analyst Scott Stewart of the online global intelligence firm Stratfor said in a statement , "  is to see which way public sentiment rules : whether it will accept this resolution as acceptable or whether they will be outraged and take to the streets . " On Wednesday , it was n't known who paid the compensation to the families , and there were conflicting accounts over how much . A lawyer closely connected to the case said the payment was $ 1.4 million , but Punjab province law minister Rana Sanaullah said that $ 2.34 million was paid to the legal heirs by the U.S. government . A U.S. official not authorized to speak for attribution insisted that the release of Davis was a decision made by the Pakistanis and that there was "  no quid pro quo " between Washington and Islamabad . It was Pakistani officials who worked with the family in making the arrangements for what is referred to as "  blood money , " the official said . The United States "  did not sit across from the families " to work out an arrangement , but the official acknowledged that there were "  interagency discussions and a policy decision " for the United States to agree to the arrangement , the official said . The official said "  cooperation continues " between the United States and Pakistan despite the recent controversy . "  Flareups happen periodically , " the official said , pointing to the Davis incident and the public disclosure of the name of the CIA 's chief of station in Islamabad . The U.S. relationship with Pakistan "  has evolved over the years " and "  increasingly has the ability to withstand these kinds of disagreements , " said the official . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who said "  we are very grateful " for the families ' decision , which enabled Davis to leave Pakistan , stressed that the U.S. government did n't pay any compensation to the families , and she would n't say whether the Pakistanis or a third party did . "  We also have a Department of Justice investigation that has begun into what happened in Lahore . And we 've communicated our strong support for the relationship between Pakistan and the United States , which we consider to be of strategic importance , " Clinton said during a press conference Wednesday . Analyst Robert Grenier , the former CIA station chief in Islamabad , said the Sharia practice allowed both countries to save face in a difficult controversy . "  It had become such a huge domestic political issue in Pakistan , and both sides had a very strong interest in finding some way out of the corner that they had been painted into , " Grenier said . In recent years , the U.S. government has compensated families accidentally injured during counterinsurgency warfare , said Grenier , who 's now chairman of ERG Partners , a financial advisory firm in Westport , Connecticut . "  Let 's not forget that the U.S. government has frequently paid blood money to people who have fallen victim to collateral damage in Afghanistan and Iraq . So albeit that the details of this case are quite extraordinary and quite different from the usual ones in Iraq and Afghanistan , the idea of paying blood money under Sharia is not new , " Grenier said . In Highland Park , Colorado , where Davis lives , his wife , Rebecca , defended him in an interview with reporters outside her their home . "  I knew it was self-defense . He 's not a Rambo as the L.A. Times said , " Davis ' wife said . "  He 's not an agent . He 's not Jason Bourne . He 's not any of these kind of crazy things that have been portrayed of him . " After being released from jail where he had been held since January , Davis was taken to Kabul , Afghanistan , on Wednesday , where he was resting and receiving a medical exam , said the U.S. official who asked not to be identified . Sanaullah , the Punjab province law minister , first told Pakistani media Wednesday that the victims ' families did not want to press charges and added that Davis would be free to go . The statement came just hours after the American was charged with murder in connection with January shootings that left two Pakistani men dead . Sanaullah later said that $ 1,169,500 was paid to 11 legal heirs of one victim and the same amount was paid to eight legal heirs of the others . The court asked the legal heirs whether there was any pressure on them to make this agreement , and they told the court that they forgave Davis on their own free will , Sanaullah said . Davis claimed self-defense in the shootings and asserted the two men attacked him as he drove through a busy Lahore neighborhood , but Lahore Police Chief Aslam Tareen said "  it was clear-cut murder . " Many Pakistanis wanted Davis to be tried , and hard-line Pakistani clerics demanded that their government not release Davis to the U.S. government . On Wednesday , Davis appeared in the Lahore court after the payment was made and was acquitted of the charges , in accordance with diyat , said the lawyer closely connected to the case . The court released Davis from two cases , the double murder and the carrying of an illegal gun . In the gun charge , the court fined Davis $ 250 and credited him with time served in jail , Sanaullah said . The amount of diyat was not paid in front of the court to the legal heirs because the court needs only affidavits from the legal heirs saying that they have pardoned the accused , Sanaullah said . Carmela Conroy , the U.S. consul general in Lahore , escorted Davis after his release , Sanaullah said . The United States had been seeking the release of Davis from a Lahore jail on the grounds that he has diplomatic immunity . U.S. officials originally said Davis was a diplomat and later revealed that he is a CIA contractor , intensifying the already highly charged situation . CNN 's Pam Benson and Adam Levine and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	CIA contractor Raymond Davis was charged with killing two Pakistani men He was released after a purported seven-figure sum was paid to victims ' families "  Blood money " is allowed under a Sharia practice called diyat , or compensation
Mental Floss  -- We 've all been there : a week until payday , the rent is due , and you 're rummaging in your parents ' attic to find Dad 's Mickey Mantle rookie card . Only 36 of 200 official copies of the Declaration of Independence have been found intact since 1820 . If you 're in need of some quick cash , here are six stories of people who found a fortune when -- and where -- they least expected it . 1 . Lose a hammer , find a horde In November 1992 , a farmer living near the village of Hoxne in Suffolk , England , lost a hammer in one of his fields , so he asked Eric Lawes to use his metal detector to search for it . While looking for the hammer , Lawes happened upon something else of interest -- 24 bronze coins , 565 gold coins , 14,191 silver coins , plus hundreds of gold and silver spoons , jewelry , and statues , all dating back to the Roman Empire . As required by British law , the so-called "  Hoxne Hoard " was reported to the local authorities , who declared it a "  Treasure Trove , " meaning it was now legally the property of Britain . However , the government is required to pay fair market value for a treasure trove , meaning the farmer and Lawes split a cool # 1.75 million  about $ 2.8 million  . The Hoxne Hoard is now on permanent display at the British Museum , drawing thousands of people every year . Sadly , there is no word on whether or not the hammer was ever found . 2 . Arkansas is a girl 's best friend W.O. Bassum found a giant of a gemstone in 1924 -- a 40.23 carat diamond . It might surprise you to hear that he was n't digging in one of the famous South African diamond mines at the time , but was near Murfreesboro , Arkansas , at a site that is now the Crater of Diamonds State Park . Sitting on top of a volcanic pipe  a geologic tube formed by an ancient underground volcanic explosion  , the park is the only diamond site in the world that is open to the public . Best of all , the park 's policy is : "  You find it . You keep it . No matter how valuable it is . " Bassum 's big find -- nicknamed "  The Uncle Sam Diamond , " the largest diamond ever discovered in North America -- was later cut down to 12.42 carat and sold for $ 150,000 in 1971  About $ 800,000 today  . But his was n't the last valuable rock dug out of that Arkansas soil . In 1964 , "  The Star of Murfreesboro " was discovered at the same site , weighing in at 34.25 carat . Then , in 1975 , came the 16.37 carat "  Amarillo Starlight Diamond . " The 6.35 carat "  Roden Diamond " was found in 2006 . And the crown jewel of the park has been the "  Strawn-Wagner Diamond , " a comparatively small 3.09 carat diamond , that was dug up in 1990 , and expertly cut down to 1.90 carat . Despite its smaller size , the Strawn-Wagner stands out because it was given a "  Perfect " rating by the American Gem Society -- the first diamond to ever receive such a high grade . But do n't think this list of big gems means the site has been tapped out . On average , two diamonds are found every day at Crater of Diamonds . They 're not all as big as The Uncle Sam Diamond , but maybe you 'll get lucky . There 's only one way to find out ... Mental Floss : 10 diamond-encrusted things you do n't need If getting your hands dirty is n't your idea of fun , maybe you should start hitting garage sales and thrift stores to find valuables buried among the castoff bread machines and Members Only jackets . Sometimes , one man 's trash really is another man 's treasure . 3 . The Declaration of  financial  Independence We 've all heard of the man who bought a $ 4 painting at a garage sale , found an original copy of the Declaration of Independence inside , and sold it for $ 2.4 million . A once-in-a-lifetime story , right ? Not so much , actually . Michael Sparks was visiting a Nashville thrift store , where he bought a candleholder , a set of salt and pepper shakers , and a yellowed print of the Declaration of Independence . Sparks figured the document was a worthless , modern reprint , so he paid the asking price -- $ 2.48 -- and headed home . After looking over the document for a few days , he wondered if it might be older than he initially thought . So he hopped on the Internet to do some research and soon realized he had purchased one of only 200 official copies of the Declaration of Independence commissioned by John Quincy Adams in 1820 . Of those 200 , 35 had been found intact ; he had number 36 . It took a year for Sparks to have the print authenticated and preserved , and then he put it up for auction , netting a final sale price of $ 477,650 . The salt and pepper shakers , on the other hand , were still worthless . 4 . A good Heade for bargains One day , an employee at a tool-and-die company in Indiana spent $ 30 for a few pieces of used furniture and an old painting of some flowers . When he got his new stuff home , he decided to strategically hang the picture to cover up a hole in the wall that had been bugging him . Some years later he was playing a board game called Masterpiece in which players attempt to outbid one another for artwork at an auction . Much to his surprise , one of the cards in the game featured a painting of flowers that looked a lot like the one he had on his wall . So he went online and found that his painting was similar in style to the work of Martin Johnson Heade , an American still-life artist best known for landscapes and flower arrangements . Through his research he found the Kennedy Galleries in Manhattan , which handles many of Heade 's works , and asked them to take a look at his painting . They agreed and were able to verify that the piece of artwork covering the hole in his wall was a previously unknown Heade painting , since named Magnolias on Gold Velvet Cloth . In 1999 , The Museum of Fine Arts in Houston purchased the painting for $ 1.2 million dollars . I emailed the Museum to ask if the painting was covering a hole in the wall , but I did n't get a reply . Mental Floss : 6 really strange truck spills As you go in search of your nest egg , keep in mind the old adage : "  It 's only worth what the market will bear . " Sometimes finding treasure is the easy part ; finding someone willing to buy it can be the real challenge . 5 . It 's nice , but it 's no Middleham Jewel ... Every Sunday afternoon for the last seven years , Mary Hannaby had gone for a walk with her metal detector . She 'd never really found anything of value , but she liked getting the exercise , so she kept at it . On one Sunday in June 2009 , her detector beeped , and she bent down to dig up what she thought was going to be another common coin or old nail . Instead , she uncovered a postage stamp-sized gold pendant featuring an intricate carving of the crucifixion of Jesus . Maybe she had finally hit the jackpot . Upon inspection by the British Museum , the pendant was described as "  an important find , " and they estimated the market value to be around # 4,000  about $ 6,600  . Still , they decided not to purchase it for their collection , so Mary took the pendant to Sotheby 's . The experts at the auction house felt the piece was much more valuable , because it was believed to be one of only three similar items known to exist . Their initial estimate was # 250,000  $ 415,900  , but said it could easily sell for as much as # 2.5 million  $ 4.1 million  thanks to its resemblance to another English treasure also found with a metal detector , the Middleham Jewel . But as the saying goes , "  Never count your millions until the auctioneer bangs his gavel . " Sotheby 's put the pendant up for auction on July 9 , 2009 , making it the highlight of a large lot of antique sculptures . Clearly the expectations were high . The bidding started at # 30,000  about $ 49,900  , but as the final call was made , the best offer was only # 38,000  about $ 63,200  -- far below the reserve price to make a sale . Mental Floss : 6 articles of clothing that caused riots 6 . A possible Pollock In 1992 , Teri Horton , a retired truck driver , went to her local thrift store to buy a depressed friend a gag gift . She found a rather large painting -- 66 inches by 47 inches -- that she thought was pretty amusing because it was , in her opinion , so ugly . When she asked the thrift store employee the price , they said $ 8 . She haggled and only paid $ 5 . In the end , her friend did n't want it  she , too , thought it was ugly , plus it would n't fit through the door of her trailer  , so Teri took it home and tried to unload it at her garage sale . A local art teacher saw the painting and suggested it could very well be a Jackson Pollock . In response , Teri famously asked the teacher , "  Who the f *** is Jackson Pollock ? " Since that day , Teri Horton has been struggling to prove that her thrift store treasure is a lost piece of artwork potentially worth well over $ 100 million . However , due to the painting 's lack of verifiable history of ownership  called "  provenance "  , the piece is disputed by many fine arts experts as simply another artist 's work inspired by Pollock . To find proof of Pollock , Teri had the work examined by a forensic specialist who claims to have found a fingerprint that matches one in Pollock 's studio . But even the fingerprint evidence has been disputed by the art world , leaving the painting , as yet , unsold . Teri , her painting , and her battle with the art world elite became the subject of a 2006 documentary called , appropriately , Who the * $ & % is Jackson Pollock ? For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Man buys Martin Johnson Heade painting for $ 30 and sells it for $ 1.2 million Woman with metal detector found crucifix priced at more than $ 63,000 Arkansas park is the only diamond site in the world that 's open to the public Possible Jackson Pollock painting bought for $ 5 may be worth $ 100 million
CNN  -- The resignation of Silvio Berlusconi as Italy 's prime minister does not mark his end , but the beginning of the end . He will not disappear from the stage anytime soon . Through his vast public and private sector networks , Berlusconi 's influence on Italian affairs will continue for the foreseeable future and beyond . However , despite making several successful comebacks , any further attempt will be far less effective . While Berlusconi 's credibility abroad is irreparably damaged , his legitimacy at home consistently sags . As a rapidly aging figure , he is increasingly disconnected from political reality . Time is of the essence and necessity determines a technocratic government that must last until 2013 , when elections are formally due . During this period , Italy 's problems will not be resolved . The objectives must be to stabilize the status quo , place Italy on a clear path to reform and provide a respectable degree of certainty for international markets . Time has run out for Italy to determine the process and pace of reform . Past failures have caught up . Greater collective sacrifices are now required . A new government must firmly make the often unpopular decisions required . The crucial need for structural reform and greater deregulation is accompanied by the need to boost competitiveness and growth -- indispensable elements to long-term success . While Italy 's long-standing challenges remain unresolved , the deep level of political polarization continues , as does Italy 's failure to adapt to an increasingly globalized world . With one of the world 's lowest birth rates , Italy is increasingly becoming a nation of pensioners , ruled by pensioners for the sake of pensioners . It amounts to a gerontocracy with little , if any , meritocracy . In Italy , a young leader is considered someone in his 50s . The prevailing perception of politicians is that their purpose is not to serve the public but to take from it and distribute the spoils to loyalists in order to guarantee survival and self-preservation . For young Italians , upward mobility is not a fluid process . Personal connections or tutelage under a "  sponsor " becomes a more secure guarantee to success . Some of Italy 's best and brightest opt for opportunities abroad to find greater meritocracy and equitable results for hard work . In the corporate realm , many of Italy 's largest multinationals have adapted to globalization . However , many small and medium-sized companies , largely responsible for the nation 's post-war economic success , struggle to compete . For a society which has enjoyed generous state-sponsored benefits for decades , amending or revoking what is considered an entitlement will be extremely difficult . This requires not only an economic change but a cultural one in a country where dependence upon the state prevails in many quarters and remains significantly rooted in the political culture . As the world 's eighth largest economy , Italy consistently punches below its weight . By continuing on its present course , and as new powers emerge globally , Italy will inevitably be relegated . Its traditional political establishment pales in competence when compared to its entrepreneurial class . Italy remains a nation unable to unleash its wealth of talent , much of which continues to seek opportunities abroad , significantly hurting the nation 's competitiveness and growth . Italy possesses one of the most over-regulated economies and some of the lowest labor productivity rates in the developed world . Labor and pension reform and deregulation remain essential priorities . Excessively powerful unions continue to exercise disproportionate influence over effective national policy . Corruption and organized crime in Italy 's southern regions continue to hinder economic development . As for post-Berlusconi Italy , the door now opens for a potential realignment in Italian politics . A sizable centrist bloc could emerge as a power broker in determining future governments . It would be a combination of old Christian Democrats , defectors from Berlusconi 's party and disenchanted centrist elements of the main center-left party , Partito Democratico . While Berlusconi 's center-right will attempt to consolidate its ranks , the center-left will struggle to overcome divisions . Throughout the turmoil of recent months , Italy 's center-left has utterly failed to seize the political initiative . In part , this has helped to extend Berlusconi 's survival . In retrospect , Berlusconi had an historic opportunity to reform Italy , particularly after winning an absolute parliamentary majority in 2008 . It was squandered due largely to his personal shortcomings and inability to effectively manage Italy 's economy and political system . His failures led to his ouster and history will deny him the chance to ever make up for it . During his 20-year political career , Berlusconi displayed impeccable endurance skills . At home , he survived more than 50 confidence votes , scandals , court cases and other controversies , all somewhat subject to his influence . However , current market pressure proved too overwhelming for Berlusconi 's aura of invincibility and omnipotence . Ironically , his most humiliating defeat was largely inflicted by external circumstances beyond his control . In less than 48 hours , he became the second victim of the eurozone crisis after the resignation of the Greek prime minister . A possible third target is Spain 's Socialist party after national elections on November 20 . Over time , Berlusconi has largely become the victim of his own hubris . Whereas many Italians were amused by past antics , they eventually became a liability and particularly unacceptable for the important voting bloc of Berlusconi 's Catholic supporters . His can-do-no-wrong attitude also became unsustainable . The sense that he was accountable to no-one but himself created resentment even among diehard loyalists . This was further compounded by the perception of a do-nothing , no-results government . From Berlusconi 's perspective , he was back-stabbed . After all , the narrative goes , he saved Italy from the far left and is therefore entitled to rule at will and leave power when ready . To think otherwise is committing treason . Many are eager to write off Berlusconi sooner rather than later . Some are ideologically driven , others simply tired of polemics and political gridlock . It may be too premature to write his political obituary just yet . However , the drafting has begun in earnest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marco Vicenzino	Vicenzino : Berlusconi 's influence on Italian affairs will continue for foreseeable future Italy "  increasingly a nation of pensioners , ruled by pensioners for the sake of pensioners " Italy 's political establishment "  pales in competence when compared to its entrepreneurial class " Over time , Berlusconi has largely become the victim of his own hubris , Vicenzino says
CNN  -- What 's the end game ? That 's what I want to know . It 's the question I ask , silently , every time I hear of a first grader going for extra academic tutoring ; every time one of my daughter 's friends is permanently unavailable for a play date because she has after-school ballet on Monday , after-school theater on Tuesday , after-school swimming on Wednesday , after-school mathematics on Thursday and after-school origami on Friday . Because I am a coward , I refuse to stop other parents and ask the question aloud . But it burns inside of me . I 'd like to know . What 's the end game ? Or , put differently : What the heck are you trying to accomplish here ? Back when I was a kid , growing up on the mean streets of Mahopac , New York , we returned home from a day at school and did  always in this order  three things : First , we had a snack  long story , but my mother hid the treats in the trunk of our '80 Datsun 510 , leaving my brother and me a choice of plain graham crackers , carrots or -- dear God -- homemade yogurt  . Then , we did our homework . Then , we played our asses off . Motherhood and work , is it possible ? Really , we did . We 'd meet up with Gary Miller and Dennis Gargano and Matt Walker and John Ballerini and David Clingerman and Jonathan Powell and a dozen other neighborhood kids and run . And bike . And tackle . There were games of kill the carrier and tag and H-O-R-S-E and kick the can ; gleeful mile-long walks into town for bubble gum and soda . Inevitably , as darkness fell , Matt 's dad , Bob Walker , would let loose a two-fingered whistle that shot up Emerald Lane 's steep hill like a flamethrower . "  Time to go in , " Matt would say , and we 'd all leave for dinner . Remarkably  and against all modern parental logic  , we 've all wound up doing just fine . Married , kids , homes , careers , contentment . Matt is a designer for ESPN . Dennis is an attorney . Powell graduated from the Naval Academy . On and on and on . It came , to a large degree , naturally . Just letting children be children . Nowadays , however , I live in a community relatively similar to the place where I grew up , and nothing for kids is allowed to come naturally . Pressure reigns , the air poisoned by a looming need to make certain -- cost and logic and inanity be damned -- that your child has been placed on the 100-percent-guaranteed-or-your-money-back path toward success . It 's no longer enough to have Junior learning at his grade level . He has to be , testing-wise , one or two notches ahead  Unintentional end result : A classroom of bored , poorly behaved tykes  . It 's no longer OK for Junior to have little to do after school , free time to use as he sees fit . No , now you 're either signing your child up for myriad organized activities , or you 've somehow allowed him to fall behind . Everything revolves around success , success , success , success . But here 's the thing : What in the world is success ? Opinion : Hey , baby boomer parents , back off ! Please , I would love someone to tell me . Is it being a class valedictorian ? Is it getting into Harvard ? Is it earning an MBA or a Ph.D. ? Is it skating for the Tampa Bay Lightning ? Going to law school ? Joining an exclusive country club ? Working for NASA ? Dating Justin Bieber ? Having your own reality TV show ? Everyone is in such a rush to guarantee a child 's future , yet nobody has been able to rightly  and righteously  explain the ultimate reward . I 've heard people say , "  I just want to give my child the best opportunity to succeed " at least 100 times , but always without elaboration . Hell , many of the parents I see gunning hardest for said success are , quite frankly , unhappy . They either work 70 hours per week at a job they loathe or count the hours until the kids go to sleep , or they just generally long to be somewhere -- anywhere -- but here . It 's as if we 're all lined up on a racetrack , and we know we need to sprint as fast as possible -- only there 's no discernable finish line . Just run hard , expend all your energy , and maybe you 'll find it . Maybe . Fortunately , I have the solution . Actually , it came from my wife . We were discussing which so-and-so teacher would best suit my son 's so-and-so needs . "  You know what I want ? " she said . "  What ? " "  I want him to have fun . " "  In school ? " "  Yes , but also in life . " I could n't agree more . Kids are gifted with 18 years of childhood . That 's it -- less than two decades before the cruel , dark , real word overtakes their bliss . Yes , I want mine to do well in school , and learn the virtues of compassion and empathy and hard work . But I also aspire for them to jump on our trampoline until their legs sag from exhaustion , and ride their bikes up and down the street until someone lets loose a loud whistle , and play tag next door in Ashley and Emily 's yard and chase down the ice cream man and watch in amazement as the pink petals fall from our cherry blossom tree . If they wind up at Yale , and they 're happy , I 'll be thrilled . If they wind up collecting garbage , and they 're happy , I 'll be thrilled , too . That 's my end game . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman says he 's baffled as to why people schedule their kids lives so much He says highly scheduled lives for kids are supposed to lead to success ? He thinks not . He says growing up , he and a cadre of friends played freely , were successful as adults Pearlman : Kids should play , grow , have fun without parents ' interference
Online shoppers eager for discounts this holiday season did not wait for Cyber Monday . U.S. consumers spent a record $ 1.042 billion online on Black Friday , a 26 % increase over the same day last year , according to new figures from comScore , an Internet analytics firm . Shoppers also found time amid the cooking , eating and watching football to spend an additional $ 633 million on Thanksgiving Day , a 32 % jump from the year before . Black Friday is the heaviest online shopping day of the year so far . The sales total is the first time e-commerce spending on that day has topped $ 1 billion . "  Despite the frenzy of media coverage surrounding the importance of Black Friday in the brick-and-mortar world , we continue to see this shopping day become more and more prominent in the e-commerce channel -- particularly among those who prefer to avoid crowds at the stores , " said comScore Chairman Gian Fulgoni . While the Monday after Thanksgiving has traditionally been a heavy day for online shopping , some retailers offered Web-only deals last week in an effort to spur sales . More than 57 million Americans visited online retail sites on Black Friday , an increase of 18 % over a year ago , comScore said . The most-visited site was Amazon , followed by Walmart , Best Buy , Target and Apple . In the holiday shopping season that began November 1 , online spending is up 16 % over 2011 , according to comScore . What 's driving the surge in online spending this holiday season ? Digital content and subscriptions as more consumers download movies , TV shows , books and music to enjoy on their tablets and smartphones . Spending in that category is up 29 % over last year . Other big-growth product categories this season are toys , video games and consumer electronics .	U.S. consumers spent record $ 1.042 billion online on Black Friday , up 26 % over 2011 It marks the first time e-commerce spending on that day has topped $ 1 billion Online spending is up 16 % this holiday season over 2011
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Nelson Mandela has been discharged from the Pretoria hospital where he had been receiving treatment since June , the South African president 's office said Sunday . He will continue his recovery at home . "  Madiba 's condition remains critical and is at times unstable , " President Jacob Zuma 's office said , referring to the revered leader 's clan name . "  Nevertheless , his team of doctors are convinced that he will receive the same level of intensive care at his Houghton home that he received in Pretoria . " Mandela posters mark his 95th birthday Mandela , 95 , was hospitalized June 8 because of a lung infection . He marked his July birthday at the Pretoria hospital where he has been surrounded by relatives . "  During his stay in hospital from the 8th of June 2013 , the condition of our former President vacillated between serious to critical and at times unstable , " the office said . "  Despite the difficulties imposed by his various illnesses , he , as always , displays immense grace and fortitude . " There was some confusion Saturday when two sources close to Mandela said he had returned home -- only to be contradicted by the president 's office , which said he was still hospitalized . "  The family mistakenly thought Mandela had been taken to his Johannesburg home early Saturday morning , " the source then told CNN . Why Nelson Mandela has six names The frail icon has not appeared in public for years , but he retains his popularity as the father of democracy and emblem of the nation 's fight against apartheid . Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting against apartheid , the country 's system of racial segregation . He became the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed from prison . Mandela 's impact extends far beyond South African borders . After he left office , he mediated conflicts in Africa and the Middle East . His history of lung problems dates to his imprisonment on Robben Island , and he has battled respiratory infections since then .	Mandela , 95 , had been hospitalized since June He marked his July birthday at the Pretoria hospital , surrounded by relatives
CNN  Boko Haram 's murderous tactics have descended to a new barbaric low . Last Saturday , a bomb strapped to a schoolgirl exploded in the center of Maiduguri in Borno state , killing at least 20 people . Then , on Sunday , two girls simultaneously blew themselves up in a market in Potiskum in Yobe state , killing three and injuring more than 40 . It is clear that girls as young as 10 are being lined up as suicide bombers to further Boko Haram 's cause . And these new bombings come as Boko Haram has also caused outrage around the world with its indiscriminate massacre of innocent men , women and children in the towns of Baga and Doron Baga . Indeed , new photographs obtained by Amnesty International show the devastation of more than 3 , 700 homes , local shops , local churches and their local schools . Nothing , it seems , is sacrosanct . Daniel Eyre , Nigeria researcher for Amnesty International , said this was the "  largest and most destructive " Boko Haram assault his organization has ever seen . The Nigerian government estimated 150 people were killed , but some widely reported private estimates put the figure as high as 2,000 . Days earlier , on January 4 , 40 boys and young men , ages 10 to 23 , were abducted from a village in the Nigerian state of Borno . This willful destruction of even the most innocent of lives destroys any illusion that Boko Haram will try to shield any civilian , however young or however frail , from its attacks and killings . As a result , this year is poised to be a year of infamy that could exceed the horrors of the last one . In November , for example , at least 120 people were killed in a bomb attack on a central mosque in Kano , the principal city of northern Nigeria . A few weeks earlier , the terror group kidnapped at least 97 people , including many children , during raids on villages in Borno state . When earlier in the year they invaded the northern village of Izghe , Boko Haram militants went door-to-door , killing any man , woman or child they came across . And perhaps most infamously , last year some 220 girls were abducted from Chibok by Boko Haram . Sadly , there has been no news on their whereabouts , meaning none of these families know whether their daughters are safe . No one knows if his or her daughter has been married off , raped , violated or even whether she is alive or dead . Every waking hour remains a nightmare for these families . Boko Haram 's ever more violent and ever more vicious abuse of children as weapons of war -- as victims , as slaves and as suicide bombers -- must be addressed , because the threat is only likely to grow . After all , the group 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , who has a $ 7 million bounty on his head , was seen last week in a video praising the jihadists who killed 17 people in the Paris attacks . The Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium has described Shekau as a "  religious intellectual , yet also a gangster and vigilante as well as a mad leader . " With all this in mind , I am urging the international community to step up its pursuit , exposure and surveillance of Boko Haram and to do more to coordinate action against their cross-border incursions into Nigeria , Chad , Cameroon and other countries . Following the kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls in Chibok , a special initiative for children was launched -- the safe schools plan . It was in response to the news that children , fearful of further terrorist attacks , had been staying away from school . The idea behind this is admirable -- the notion of safe schools and a universal call for every child to have the right to education , free of fear and intimidation . This plan is being put into place , and steps are being taken to fortify and guard schools , to improve security and to create a line of communication between schools and police and army . These new initiatives are backed by the Safe School Guidelines , passed by the United Nations to stop the use of schools as military targets and to ensure that they are havens free from exploitation by terrorist groups . Just as hospitals are regarded as protected under international law , so should schools . While better fortifications will of course not ultimately stop the carnage if a terrorist group is hellbent on an attack , the deterrent effect of enhanced security measures offers at least a first line of defense . And it also sends the important message to parents that everything possible is being done to make schools safer for their children . Over the last few weeks , $ 23 million has been raised for safe schools from the international community , and in the last few days the United States and Britain have announced further help for the initiative . But we are calling on all aid agencies to support this innovative plan , one that could , if applied round the world , help children worried about the threat to their schools , in countries from Pakistan to Lebanon . It is hard for many of us in the West to imagine what it is like to be scared even to travel to school , yet too many children around the world confront that fear every day . It is time for that to change .	Gordon Brown : Boko Haram 's tactics have hit a new barbaric low Boko Haram 's abuse of children is growing more vicious , he says
On tour with Prince Harry  CNN  -- Last time Prince Harry visited these shores , he departed under a cloud . By contrast , his current visit is going swimmingly . The royal really started enjoying his U.S. tour over the weekend . He was at the Warrior Games which combines two of his great passions : sport and the support of war veterans . Harry threw himself in to the event , having a go at sitting volleyball , cheering on the British cycling team and trying out American football -- and he announced an ambitious plan to create an international version of the games in the UK . He will have other chances to show off his sporting prowess this week : In New York , the prince is going to try his hand at baseball and has been getting advice on how to pitch in preparation for doing so in front of the world 's media . On Thursday , he captains a polo team in one of the richest neighborhoods on the planet : Greenwich , Connecticut . There 's been a scramble for access from young women desperate to meet the man who has the power to grant them something money just ca n't buy -- a title . But there is also serious work to be done . He 's linking up with UK Prime Minister David Cameron at an event promoting British trade and is visiting New Jersey to see an area devastated by Hurricane Sandy . The Prince wanted to go to the worst hit neighborhood possible so he could get the best sense of the damage . On Tuesday , Prince Harry will view a roller coaster , boardwalk and pier at Seaside Heights that were swept into the ocean during the storm . After Harry 's visit , the debris will be dismantled , according to Maria Mastoris , marketing manager for Casino Pier , the owner of the amusement park where the coaster was located . He 'll be accompanied by New Jersey Governor Chris Christie who is grateful to Prince Harry for putting Sandy back on the news agenda , according to a person close to the Prince on this tour . I spoke to Prince Harry and it 's clear he 's focused on promoting issues on this tour , not himself . He 's aware that getting involved in events and showing his character makes for good coverage . But this is a prince who has a deep-seated suspicion of the media . On Sunday he told the gathered press pack : "  It 's not always great having you around , " but then thanked us for raising the profile of the event . There may have been a wry smile when he accidentally threw a football into the middle of the press pen during his practice . Harry is trying to strike the right balance between capitalizing on the interest in him , without giving too much of himself away . He managed it in spectacular fashion during his tour of the Caribbean last year but then let himself down  his own words  in Las Vegas when naked pictures of him emerged . But the Prince is managing to put Vegas behind him . People on the tour are talking about it less . He 's rebuilding his image as a professional royal and serving soldier . CNN 's Ronni Burke contributed to this report .	Britain 's Prince Harry is on an official tour of the United States He visited the Warrior Games at the weekend , combining his love of sport and his role as a soldier The royal 's last visit -- a private trip to Las Vegas -- ended in a nude photo scandal This time he is rebuilding his public image
CNN  -- Hundred 's of fans and former teammates of Robert Enke gathered to lay flowers and light candles outside of Hannover 96 's Niedersachsen Stadion after the club 's German goalkeeper was struck and killed by a train on Tuesday , in what police called an apparent suicide . Enke , 32 , died around 6:25 p.m.  12:25 p.m. ET  , Hannover police press officer Stefan Wittke said in a statement . "  Preliminary police investigations indicate a suicide , " Wittke said . Police did not elaborate on what evidence they had that pointed to suicide , but Enke 's close friend and advisor Jorg Neblung told the official Web site of football 's world governing body FIFA : "  I can confirm that it was suicide . Robert took his own life shortly before six o'clock . " The team 's official Web site has been converted into a single-page memorial . Enke captained Hannover 96 , a team who currently lie tenth in Germany 's Bundesliga top division , and had been capped by his national side eight times after making his debut aged 29 . The shot-stopper had also appeared for teams including Carl Zeiss Jena , Borussia Monchengladbach , Benfica , Barcelona , Fenerbahce and Tenerife in Spain . His teammates were stunned by news of his death . "  We are in a state of shock , " said team manager Oliver Bierhoff in a statement from the German Football Federation . "  It is beyond words . " The German Football Federation  DFB  said Enke always said he wanted to play for the national team at the 2010 World Cup . Soccer commentator and journalist Rafael Honigstein told CNN International that Enke was on course to be picked as the number-one choice for the team . Enke had missed Germany 's last four matches because of a bacterial infection , but had recently returned to action with Hannover . "  The leadership of the German national team never had any doubt that he was important for the team both as a goalkeeper and as a human being , " the DFB statement said . Enke is survived by his wife and eight-month-old daughter , who the couple adopted . The couple 's two-year-old daughter died in 2006 from a heart condition , and Honigstein said the loss of his child had taken a toll on Enke . "  It 's been well documented that he had a tough time , " Honigstein said . "  People knew it was a terrible , terrible tragedy for him . " "  I do n't know why and how this happened , " said Martin Kind , the chairman of Hannover 96 . "  It is a total catastrophe . I am finding it hard to understand . All I can say for sure is that it had nothing to do with football . " Fellow players said they believed that Enke had been suffering depression . "  He was unstable , " said Mr Kind . "  But he kept it under wraps . " The coach of Germany 's national team , Joachim Lowe , had been preparing his squad for their friendly game against Chile this weekend . The DFB have not yet confirmed whether the game would still be played . A press conference is due to be held by the DFB at 1130 GMT , while Hannover 96 will speak to the media at 1200 GMT on Wednesday . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Germany international footballer Robert Enke has died at the age of 32 at a rail crossing Police say that the Hannover goalkeeper 's death was apparent suicide He won eight caps for Germany and was expected to be in squad for the 2010 World Cup finals
CNN  -- Sometimes , the effects of fame can ripple like a stone dropped in a pond . A YouTube video shows a Minnesota wedding party dancing down the aisle . Take the case of Minnesota residents Kevin Heinz and Jill Peterson . The couple had a fun idea for their wedding party to do a nontraditional procession to a catchy tune , "  Forever " by Chris Brown . The joyous video of the group busting their loosely choreographed moves down the aisle went viral after the newlyweds posted it on YouTube . Soon they were being deluged by the media and flown to New York to appear on national television . Since then , millions have watched the funky wedding march and helped transform Heinz and Peterson into instant celebrities . Amy Carlson Gustafson , a pop culture reporter for the St. Paul Pioneer Press , reported on the story that she said has not only stirred up the hometown folks , but also showed a different side of Minnesota . "  I think people are loving it , " she said . "  It 's really fun and it 's especially fun in Minnesota where a lot of people think we are a bunch of uptight Scandinavians who sit around and say ` You betcha . ' This video helps to debunk that a little bit . " That sense of fun and whimsy has enchanted many and led to Heinz and Peterson being sought for interviews by everyone from their local publications to the major networks . Watch guests at the wedding discuss the experience " But they have apparently also learned quickly about the downside of fame . The New York Post reported the pair was caught in the crossfire of the battle of the morning shows . According to the newspaper , ABC flew Heinz and Peterson to the Big Apple after booking them to appear on "  Good Morning America . " Things soured , the paper 's Page Six column reported , after ABC learned the couple had also taped a segment for the rival "  Today " show , which aired before the couple 's appearance on "  Good Morning America . " Adding fuel to the fire was a planned live re-creation of the dance by the wedding party scheduled for Saturday morning on "  Today . " When it appeared that Heinz and Peterson were n't adhering to the age-old "  dance with who brung ya " rule , their ABC-sponsored hotel and flight home were canceled , the paper said . "  We 've been kicked out of our room , " Heinz told the Post after the incident . "  New York is cutthroat . That 's what we 've learned . " "  Today " reportedly stepped in and secured a new room and flight for Heinz and Peterson . Reporter Gustafson said she spoke with mother-of-the-bride Marge Peterson , who said her daughter and new son-in-law were done talking to the media . "  They are not used to this type of publicity , " Gustafson said . Shane Mercado can relate . The 27-year-old from New York posted a video last year of himself mimicking step-for-step Beyonce 's dance moves from her "  Single Ladies  Put A Ring On It  " music video . Mercado said he did it at the suggestion of a friend and before he knew it , he was a YouTube sensation . "  Once I did it I thought ` What did I just do ? ' " he recalled . "  The response was overwhelming . " Soon , Mercado was a minor celebrity being asked for autographs and dancing his routine on the "  Bonnie Hunt Show . " "  Extra " even arranged for him to surprise Beyonce on the red carpet during the premier of her film "  Cadillac Records " Not only did the superstar singer know who he was , Mercado said , but so did other celebs . "  The actress Gabrielle Union knew who I was , " Mercado said . "  That just blew me away . ' Mercado said he does n't consider himself famous and finds the notoriety humbling . The loss of anonymity is challenging , he said . Suddenly , the number of people "  in your business " dramatically increases . He said he can imagine how Heinz and Peterson are feeling : overwhelmed . "  That was their -LSB- wedding -RSB- and it was probably very private to them , " Mercado said . "  It can be a bit much to handle and if they were not ready to handle it , then it 's not a good thing . " Being sucked into a vortex of whirlwind publicity can be a heady experience , said Atlanta , Georgia-based photographer Ross Oscar Knight . Two years ago , Knight photographed an elaborately staged engagement planned by Robert Gray Jr. to surprise his girlfriend , Keisha Williams . Gray rented 10 rooms at the Ritz-Carlton , Buckhead , and filled them with rose petals , candles , and music . As Gray led Williams to each room , friends and family were waiting with well wishes and prayers , all leading up to his proposal . A slide show of Knight 's pictures of the moving event scored millions of hits and crashed several sites linking to it , the photographer said . "  I immediately started getting calls from all over the world , " Knight said . "  We got an extra phone line because so many calls were coming in . " Not only were people touched , but many also wanted to have their engagements documented , Knight said , so there are sure to be dancing-down-the-aisle videos to come . Knight said Gray and Williams , whose fairy-tale engagement attracted the attention of national publications like Essence Magazine , have married but decided to do so quietly after shutting down a Web site they had started to keep fans updated . "  They did a private ceremony because they did n't want any of that released to the media , " Knight said . "  I think they got to see stardom and what can happen when there is so much of a focus put on you . " Someone else who has also been thrust into the spotlight , albeit again , is singer Chris Brown , whose song the Heinz-Peterson wedding party danced to . Despite increased demand on iTunes for the single "  Forever " and speculation by media outlets like Gawker.com that the wedding video could help rehabilitate Brown 's image , US Weekly staff editor Lindsay Powers said she does n't believe all will be forgiven . Brown , who has publicly apologized for assaulting his girlfriend , the singer Rihanna , has a long way to go before the tide of public opinion can be swayed , Powers said . "  I think that Chris Brown has had considerable career damage over these past couple of months , " she said . "  I think that people are going to say that 's a catchy song , they 'll go to iTunes and download it to their iPods , but I do n't think that because people like the song they are going to like Chris Brown . "	Minnesota couple instant stars after YouTube wedding video goes viral Dancing wedding party garners fans , draws media attention Fellow YouTube star says attention "  can be a bit much to handle " Popularity of video has also sparked interest in the Chris Brown tune featured
CNN Student News  -- September 23 , 2011 Media Literacy Question of the Day How might a charitable organization use different forms of media to promote its cause ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . World leaders met in what U.S. city this week for the annual meeting of the United Nations General Assembly ? * * 2 . What invasive pest , which can carry a parasite that causes meningitis , was recently found in Miami , Florida ? * * 3 . What document does the U.S. observe the signing of every September 17 ? * * 4 . Two American hikers were released on Wednesday after being detained for more than two years by what country ? * * 5 . According to the United Nations charter , from what group must Palestinians first get approval in order to obtain U.N. membership ? * * 6 . Because it eats both plants and meat , a grizzly bear is an example of what kind of animal ? * * 7 . What is the name of a typhoon that struck Japan on Wednesday ? * * 8 . Which U.S. president expanded Hispanic Heritage Week into Hispanic Heritage Month in 1988 ? * * 9 . Instead of attending the U.N. General Assembly meeting , what European country 's prime minister stayed home to focus on his nation 's ongoing financial crisis ? * * 10 . What U.S. institution is the nation 's central bank , which manages interest rates in order to control inflation ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- They met on Valentine 's Day when they were in college and had been inseparable in the 12 years since -- until Saturday morning . Amy Ellis said her husband , Bardstown , Kentucky , Police Officer Jason Ellis , "  just wanted to do his job and to do it good and to do it right and to clean up the streets . " But he was shot to death around 2 a.m. Saturday when he stopped his car on his way home to clear debris from a freeway exit ramp . "  Officer Ellis never had a chance , " Kentucky State Police Trooper Norman Chaffins told CNN . "  It was an obvious ambush , " Chaffins added . "  He never used his service weapon . It was holstered . " The 33-year-old , seven-year police veteran was the victim of a trap , though it was not clear whether he was the intended target , police said Tuesday . Bardstown Police Chief Rick McCubbin promised to avenge his officer 's death . "  It 's an eye for an eye . You kill one of my guys , I 'm not going to rest until I have you in cuffs or on the front side of a weapon . And I mean that , " he said . ` Ambush ' killings of lawmen part of increase in slain police Chaffins said it was unclear whether Ellis was the intended target or if the shooter planned to kill a different officer or even a random citizen . But he said he believes the killing was premeditated . "  Someone planned this , and someone planned to shoot somebody at that spot , at that location , at that time , " Chaffins said . The brazen crime has sent a ripple of fear across Nelson County , south of Louisville . "  It scares everybody in the community . It could happen to anyone , " resident Martin Rogers told CNN affiliate WHAS . "  If he was n't the intended victim , that means anyone could have been the victim . " Ellis ' widow told reporters Tuesday that she has been overwhelmed by the outpouring of support and love she has seen in honor of her late husband . She credited prayer and her two sons -- ages 6 and 7 -- for her strength . "  Now I know I have to be strong for our kids , " Amy Ellis told reporters . "  They know their daddy 's not coming back , and it 's going to be a long , hard road . " CNN 's Tom Watkins and Alina Machado contributed to this report	NEW : "  He just wanted to do his job , " Ellis ' widow says Bardstown Officer Jason Ellis was gunned down while coming home from work State police : Ellis was trying to remove debris from the road when he was ambushed It 's unclear whether Ellis specifically was targeted or if the shooting was random
CNN  -- Dieting in Hungary is not recommended . The country 's cuisine is a rich blend of Europe , Middle-eastern and Asian food . The French lend their influence with goose liver pate , while the seven-layer Dobos cake can rival Austria 's famed Sachertorte for sickly sweet extravagance . Food here is abundant and affordable -- a nightmare for weight-watchers , a dream for true foodies . Goulash Goulash -- is it a soup ? Is it a stew ? Hungary 's national dish  pronounced "  gooyash , " by the way  is a cross between the two , a steaming bowl of slow-cooked beef , carrots , onions and loads of Hungary 's trademark paprika to give it a good kick . It 's hard to find a restaurant that does n't serve it -- from the humblest café to the grandest establishments . Where to try it : In the sleek , modern surroundings of Budapest Bisztro  Vecsey utca 3 , +36 1 783 0788  . Langos The Hungarians ' favorite street food certainly hits the spot on a chilly morning when you 're desperate for a quick bite before lunch . It 's simple : a deep-fried flatbread topped with sour cream and grated cheese -- sometimes with a bit of garlic just to annoy the person next to you . Where to try it : The Danube town of Szentendre has some of the best langos in the country . There 's tiny alleyway leading to St Janos church in the main square , where a sign helpfully saying "  langos " should point you in the direction of a nameless stall halfway up the alley . Paprika chicken Those sweet red peppers that are such a staple of Hungarian cooking really shine in this popular stew also known as chicken paprikash . Powdered paprika goes into the dish too , along with onions , garlic , tomatoes and a dollop of sour cream . Served with egg dumplings called nokedli  like the Austrian spätzle  , it 's comfort food that 's hard to beat . Where to try it : If you 're in the Buda Castle district of Budapest , try Alabardos Restaurant  Orszaghaz utca 2 , +36 1 356 0851  . Hortobagyi meat pancakes Hungarians adore their palacsinta -- pancakes that are more like French crêpes than the thicker American ones you douse with maple syrup . This savory version is just as decadent : a rich stew of minced veal or chicken tucked inside the pancakes and smothered with a sour cream and paprika sauce . Where to try it : While relaxing under the stone arched ceiling of Pierrot  Fortuna utca 14 , Budapest , +36 1 375 6971  , housed in a 13th-century former bakery . Goose liver pâté It 's not just the French who like goose liver ; the Hungarians are right behind them in their love for this buttery delicacy . Where to try it : They wrap it in bacon and lightly grill it at Aranysarkany Vendeglo restaurant in Szentendre  Alkotmany utca 1 ; +36 26 301 479  . Or you can have it as a starter at one of Budapest 's landmark restaurants , Gundel  Gundel Karoly Way 4 , +36 1 468 4040  , in the lush surroundings of the city park . Cold sour cherry soup While a lot of Hungarian dishes are perfect for cold days , chilled sour cherry soup is just the thing for warm summer evenings . Fresh sour cherries combine with sour cream and sugar in this refreshing classic . Where to try it : Leves  Vamhaz korut 14 , Budapest , +36 30 241 7760  , for the takeout version . Tihanyi pike perch Lake Balaton is Hungary 's playground , where everyone flocks to laze in thermal springs and feast on the lake 's plump pike perch . You can have this succulent fish roasted , grilled or prepared Tihanyi style : made into a terrine with cream , white wine , spinach and dill . Where to try it : Gorgeous views of the lake come with delicious plates of fish at Ferenc Pince Csarda  Cserhegy 9 , Tihany , +36 76 448 575  from its prime position on the Tihany peninsula . Stuffed cabbage leaves You wo n't go far in Central and Eastern Europe without coming across cabbage rolls , and Hungary is no exception . Here they 're called toltott kaposzta : pork mince stuffed into cabbage leaves with -- you guessed it -- lots of paprika . It 's best with sour cream on top , in true Hungarian style , along with sauerkraut and chunks of smoked pork . Where to try it : After browsing the stalls in Budapest 's Central Market , you can grab a plate of hearty stuffed cabbage upstairs in Fakanal Etterem  Vamhaz korut 1-3 , +36 1 217 7860  . Kurtoskalacs  chimney cake "  Chimney cake " is made by wrapping pastry around a cylinder to bake over the last of the embers in an open fire . The pastry is also often coated in lots of sugar so the lovely sticky caramel coating can hold on to the extra flavors dusted on top -- anything from cinnamon to cocoa to chopped walnuts . Where to try it : It 's best slightly warm with ice cream and coffee in Molnar 's Kurtoskalacs café  Vaci utca 31  in Budapest . Dobos cake Seven layers -- yes , seven -- of moist sponge cake sandwiched with chocolate buttercream . Then , before things get too gooey , there 's a thin layer of caramel on top to give it a lovely crunch . We have 19th-century Hungarian confectioner Jozsef Dobos to thank for this heavenly creation which has become a staple in Hungarian coffeehouses . Where to try it : The sumptuous interior of Budapest 's Central Kavehaz  Karolyi Mihaly utca 9 , +36 1 266 2110  is a suitably grand setting for such a glorious cake . Eszterhazy torte A cake fit for a prince -- Prince Eszterhazy , to be precise . The Hungarian royal 's name lives on in one of Europe 's most famous cakes : Five layers of almond meringue and buttercream with elegant swirls on top . Where to try it : Just around the corner from Budapest 's ornate Parliament is Szalai  Balassi Balint utca 4 , +36 1 269 3210  , a delightfully old-fashioned cake shop where you can indulge in one of these royal treats . Somloi sponge cake Not one but three types of sponge cake -- vanilla , chocolate and walnut -- go into this luscious dessert . But it does n't stop there : Fresh whipped cream , chocolate sauce and pungent rum bring the three cakes together to form an exquisite dessert . Where to try it : For sheer opulence , this rich dish is best devoured in the fantastic interior of the New York Café  Erzsebet korut 9-11 , +36 1 886 6111  in the Boscolo Budapest hotel .	Goulash , Hungary 's national dish , is pronounced "  gooyash " Paprika chicken shows off the sweet red pepper , a staple in Hungarian cooking Dobos is seven layers of sponge cake , sandwiched with chocolate buttercream , topped with a thin layer of caramel
CNN  -- A memorial cruise is scheduled to set sail 100 years after the sinking of the Titanic , following the same trans-Atlantic route as the ill-fated ship , according to organizers . A list of first class passengers for the R.M.S. Titanic is one of the artifacts that remains after the sinking . The Titanic Memorial Cruise is to set sail in April 2012 , departing from Southampton , England , on April 8 , just as the Titanic did . On April 15 , the ship -- the Balmoral -- will arrive at the spot in the North Atlantic where the Titanic sank after it collided with an iceberg . Passengers on the 2012 cruise will take part in a memorial service at the site , according to organizer Miles Morgan Travel . Artifacts from the Titanic and a piece of the ship 's hull have been recovered , but most of the wreckage remains where the luxury cruise liner sank . The 12-night memorial cruise will then take passengers to Halifax in Nova Scotia , Canada , so they can visit cemeteries where some of the Titanic victims are buried . The trip will end in New York , where the Titanic was headed . Prices for the trip start at $ 3,900 . Millvina Dean , thought to be the last survivor of the Titanic , died in June 2009 at age 97 , according to friends . Dean was an infant when the Titanic -- publicized as "  practically unsinkable " and as the largest passenger steamship at the time -- struck an iceberg on the night of April 14 , 1912 , during its maiden voyage from Southampton in southern England to New York . The ship sank less than three hours later , killing more than 1,500 people . Dean 's brother and mother also survived the sinking .	The Titanic Memorial Cruise is to set sail in April 2012 , 100 years after the sinking It will depart from Southampton , England , on April 8 , just as the Titanic did The trip will end in New York , where the Titanic was headed
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Ryan O'Neal told a jury on Monday that he is the rightful owner of an Andy Warhol celebrity portrait that hangs over his bed . It is of the woman he considers the love of his life , "  Charlie 's Angels " star Farrah Fawcett . Fawcett , who died of cancer in 2009 , bequeathed her art collection to her alma mater , the University of Texas at Austin ; the university is accusing O'Neal of stealing away with its Warhol . "  The painting is mine , " testified the 72-year-old actor , who rose to fame as the impossibly handsome star of the 1960s television soap opera "  Peyton Place " and the 1970 film "  Love Story . " He admitted taking the portrait , a striking black and white print with ruby red lips and turquoise eyes , from a wall outside the bedroom of Fawcett 's Wilshire Boulevard condominium about a week after her death on June 25 , 2009 . "  I removed the painting a week or more after she died , " he testified . Remembering Farrah Fawcett The portrait now hangs over O'Neal 's bed at his Malibu beach house -- just as it did from 1980 until 1998 . Over the heated objections of O'Neal 's lawyer , Marty Singer , the jury heard about how the portrait came to leave the beach house in the wake of the couple 's infamous "  falling out " in February 1997 . The love affair between two baby boomer icons hit an extremely rough patch when she walked in on him in bed with a much younger woman . "  That person that was in her -- in your beach house at the time was 25 years old , right ? " an attorney for the university , David Beck , asked . Singer 's objection was sustained before O'Neal could answer . Beck persisted , asking if Fawcett was "  furious . " "  No , " O'Neal responded . "  She was hurt . She was in shock . " He added that she felt "  pitiful and disgraced . " Beck pushed on , asking whether the portrait was hanging over his bed at the time . "  It was , " O'Neal acknowledged . But not for much longer . O'Neal battling prostate cancer "  About a year after the incident I asked her to keep the portrait with her , store it for me , because my young friend was uncomfortable with Farrah staring at her , " O'Neal testified . Fawcett 's response , according to his testimony : "  I 'd like you to leave it there because I want to make her uncomfortable . " By the time Fawcett moved into her L.A. condo in 1999 , she had possession of the Warhol portrait -- as well as a twin print Warhol created at the same time . O'Neal insisted they reconciled a couple of years later . "  She forgave me . " Like so many of the facts in this case , the impetus for Fawcett 's turn as a model for Warhol is in dispute . O'Neal says Warhol , an old friend of many years , approached him in 1980 , about a year after he started seeing Fawcett . By then she was already famous for her role on "  Charlie 's Angels " and that ubiquitous red bathing suit pin-up poster . Farrah taken too soon But Beck has suggested another scenario . He says Warhol approached Fawcett directly , at a luncheon at a Houston country club . Both O'Neal and Fawcett attended the two-hour session at Warhol 's New York studio , known as The Factory . Dozens of Polaroid photographs were taken , but there was n't much fuss . "  It did n't take long , " O'Neal said . "  Doing her hair took longer than taking the pictures . " Later , he said , he received a call to pick up the paintings and saw them stacked with several others , including portraits of Marilyn Monroe and Elvis Presley . O'Neal said he and Fawcett each received a painting as part of the deal . They carried them out and loaded them into a Checker cab . And so , O'Neal said , he ca n't steal what 's already his . He also said it was his idea that Fawcett leave her art to the University of Texas , but that the Warhol portraits were n't part of the plan . O'Neal : I failed Farrah The university sued O'Neal first , demanding in 2011 that he turn over the portrait so it could be displayed with its twin . The actor countersued , in turn seeking a court order giving him a tablecloth Warhol decorated with painted hearts . It is included in the Fawcett collection , but O'Neal insists Warhol painted it for both of them . The other portrait , which differs slightly from the one in O'Neal 's beach house , hangs in the university 's Blanton Museum of Art in Austin . Singer says the university 's insistence on possessing both portraits is financially motivated , but O'Neal just wants to pass the portrait on to the couple 's son , Redmond . That legacy brought the day 's most emotional testimony . O'Neal struggled to maintain his composure as he read a letter Fawcett wrote their son at Christmas 2007 , after her cancer was diagnosed . She had wanted to make him a sculpture as a gift but was too weak to complete it . "  Redmond , " her letter began , "  It is important that you know that not only on this Christmas Day but in all that days since you were born and in all the years that follow , you , sweet boy , are the love of my life . My most special gift from God . I look at life differently now since I became ill . I look at every day with appreciation and gratefulness . It changed my outlook knowing that life could be taken away so easily . There is a quote that has more meaning to me now and I hope you will be able to use it at 22 years old instead of 60 years old . ` You do n't get to choose how or when you are going to die . You can only decide how you are going to live . ' I do n't want any regrets because I waited too long . Life is a miraculous gift and as your mother I want to guide you to appreciate yours . " O'Neal was the first witness to take the stand Monday morning , followed by a high-end mover who handled both Warhols when Fawcett moved into the condo in 1999 . Craig Nevius , a television producer who worked with Fawcett on the reality show "  Chasing Farrah , " occupied much of the afternoon and is expected to return to the witness stand on Tuesday , when jurors will be shown video excerpts that include a trip with a celebrity auctioneer to a storage facility to view one of the Warhol portraits , Fawcett 's famous red tank suit and other memorabilia . Warhol painting sold for $ 105.4 million	Farrah Fawcett left her art collection to her alma mater , the University of Texas University is suing Ryan O'Neal for an Andy Warhol portrait of Fawcett Actor testifies the portrait belongs to him and is countersuing the university Jury hears about "  falling out " after Fawcett found O'Neal in bed with another woman
CNN  -- When the highly anticipated "  BioShock : Infinite " hits stores on Tuesday , a naive 19-year-old with special powers and book smarts -- but little true grasp of the complexities of the world around her -- will meet a gaming public that 's been awaiting her debut for years . Elizabeth may be the most talked-about video game character who 's not controlled by the player since "  Portal 's " wry , sarcastic killing machine , GlaDOS . Her creators were so concerned about getting her just right that she almost never happened . "  When I first started working on her , she was horribly broken . There was a lot of internal opposition to her , " said Amanda Jeffrey , a designer with Irrational Games , the publisher behind the wildly inventive "  Bioshock " franchise . "  Almost everyone in the office was saying out loud , ` We should just cut her . ' How on Earth do you begin to deal with this  type of  character who nobody has had any experience with ? " Enter the Liz Squad . So devoted was Irrational to creating a companion character like none other that they built an entire team of developers from different areas of the company with the sole purpose of making Elizabeth "  real . " "  Once the creation of Liz Squad became official , we had what was called The Liz Hammer , " Jeffries said . "  If Liz Squad , or Elizabeth herself , needed something from the development team , then she got what she needed . " In the game 's story line , the teen Elizabeth has the ability to change the world around her . But she 's also been locked away from the rest of that world since birth . As Booker DeWitt , a former Pinkerton agent , the player must rescue , or kidnap , Elizabeth away from her predicament . The game portrays their journey together from a futuristic city in the sky into the post-Victorian world of 1912 . Building off the successes of "  BioShock " and "  BioShock 2 , " creative director Ken Levine wanted to further ramp up the player 's emotional involvement in the game . "  We kept coming back to having a partner in the experience and as we looked out onto the field of partners that existed  in other games  , the air gets pretty thin , " Levine said . "  We wanted a character that would be absolutely central to the narrative . In video-game terms , that meant creating someone the player would connect with emotionally but who would also be useful to them during gameplay . "  The biggest challenge of this entire game was n't the skylines and it was n't the open world , " said writer Drew Holmes . "  It was making her real because she is the game . If she does n't work , everything else we 've been shooing for is meaningless . " The realistic look and feel of Elizabeth did n't fully come together until within the last year . But gamers who already loved the expansive , altered-reality world of the series first met her in 2011 at the Electronic Entertainment Expo , the world 's largest video-game gathering . Levine said that demo of the game showed what Elizabeth could do from a narrative standpoint , but that he still was n't comfortable with how she behaved . He postponed the game from its original release date of March 2012 several times , specifically because Elizabeth was n't right . "  She 's the extension of what we were trying to do with the Big Daddy , which is more to me about an emotional resonance than a combat experience , " Levine said . He was referencing characters from "  BioShock " who are painted as both deadly monsters and loving companions to the "  Little Sisters " they protect . "  What made the Big Daddy work was the emotional impact it had on the player . Same with Elizabeth . The goal was emotional . " It seems to be working . When Elizabeth was again revealed to the world in videos displaying her personality and emotional range , she was an instant hit . Fans and players clamored for more and seemed to form a bond with the wayward young girl . So much so , in fact , that when later videos showed Liz in different clothing or with a different hairstyle , the outcry over the changes was swift and harsh . The Liz Squad took that as a sign their work was on the right track . "  The fact that people are already so concerned about what Elizabeth is doing , how she 's reacting , what she 's wearing is just incredibly powerful , " Jeffrey said . "  If nobody cared , it would just be a horrible place to be . " Emotional resonance aside , animation director Sean Robertson said the toughest thing to make Elizabeth look and move like a real person was her dress -- which comes with a long , flowing skirt that originally would n't behave . "  You do n't see a lot of companion characters wearing dresses -- at least not of the non-miniskirt variety , " Robertson said . "  Liz 's character is important as she is a character of the time and women wore dresses then . We put a lot of work into the physics of the dress so it behaves correctly , the way it needs to and does n't put her in any embarrassing positions . " While Robertson struggled with a dress , Holmes , the writer , said his greatest task was making gamers ultimately care as much about the teen companion as her creators did . "  She was the hardest thing we could have possibly tried to do , " he said . "  It 's one thing to get her in the game and get her to move around the world . It was another to then breathe life into her . " "  BioShock Infinite " will be released worldwide on Tuesday , March 26 , and be available on the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Windows PC . It is rated M for Mature due to blood and gore , intense violence , language , mild sexual themes , and use of alcohol and tobacco .	Elizabeth , a troubled 19-year-old , is the emotional centerpiece of "  BioShock Infinite " Creators wanted a unique companion character to increase emotional investment The game was delayed more than a year to get Elizabeth right "  BioShock Infinite " will be released Tuesday worldwide
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The man who revealed that Valerie Plame worked for the CIA said that he was "  extraordinarily foolish " to leak her name . Former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage was a source of the CIA leak to columnist Robert Novak . Former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in an interview broadcast Sunday that he did not realize Plame was a covert agent when he discussed her with syndicated columnist Robert Novak . Novak , a former CNN contributor , wrote the July 2003 column in which Plame was named as a CIA employee . He later cited his sources as Armitage and Karl Rove , then President Bush 's top political adviser . Armitage said he had seen a memo that said Plame was publicly chairing a meeting , so he assumed her CIA employment was not a secret . "  There was no ill intent on my part , and I had never seen , ever in 43 years of having a security clearance , a covert operative 's name in a memo , " he said . Watch Armitage explain why he leaked Plame 's name " Blitzer asked Armitage if he "  simply assumed that she was not a clandestine officer of the CIA . " "  Well , even Mr. Novak has said that he used the word ` operative ' and misused it , " Armitage said . "  No one ever said ` operative . ' And I not only assumed it , as I say , I have never seen a covert agent 's name in a memo . However , that does n't take away from what Mrs. Plame said . It was foolish , yes . " Rove , who left the White House in August , has denied he was also a source of the leak to Novak . Plame 's identity was disclosed shortly after her husband , former U.S. Ambassador Joseph Wilson , challenged one of the chief claims underpinning the Bush administration 's case for the U.S. invasion of Iraq -- that Iraq had sought uranium for nuclear weapons from the African country of Niger . In an op-ed piece for The New York Times , Wilson wrote that he had investigated the claim at the request of CIA officials and found it "  highly doubtful " that any such transaction could have occurred , and he accused the Bush administration of having "  twisted " the evidence for war . Neither Armitage nor Rove was charged with a crime in the leak . Wilson and Plame have accused Rove and other Bush officials of leaking her identity as a CIA officer in retaliation for her husband 's emergence as an administration critic . A federal judge in Washington recently dismissed a lawsuit by the couple against Rove , Armitage , Vice President Dick Cheney and Cheney 's former chief of staff , Lewis "  Scooter " Libby . Libby was convicted of obstructing justice and perjury in the probe and sentenced to 30 months in prison , but Bush commuted his term before he had served any time . E-mail to a friend	Richard Armitage says he had "  no ill intent " when he revealed CIA agent 's name Armitage revealed Valerie Plame 's identity to columnist Robert Novak Former State Department official says he did n't know Plame was covert agent Plame 's husband -- Joseph Wilson -- was critical of Bush administration 's Iraq policy
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- In what is seen as a bow to international pressure to delay implementation of a ban on private security contractors , the Afghan government said Wednesday it will form a committee to plan the phasing out of those contractors without endangering development projects . The committee is to be led by Afghanistan 's minister of interior and will include representatives from NATO , the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force and major international donors . It will "  develop plans for the disbandment of the PCSs that provide security for development projects and report on progress to the president , " the Afghan government said in a written statement . It said the phasing out of "  illegal " security contractors and road convoy security companies "  continues on a priority basis as laid out in the decree . " The committee will prepare a timetable for the dissolution of contractors protecting development projects and submit it to President Hamid Karzai by November 15 , the Afghan government said . "  Once approved , 90 days max will be given to each organization before -LSB- the -RSB- designated dissolution date . Following the completion of -LSB- the -RSB- plan 's implementation , the government of Afghanistan will assume responsibility for providing necessary security for development and reconstruction projects . " The committee will examine development and aid companies and develop plans for them to shift to government security , Interior Minister Bismillah Khan Mohammadi said at a news conference . Convoys run by private security companies will also have to transition , he said . "  This is a very serious matter for the government of Afghanistan , " Karl Eikenberry , U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan , told journalists . "  This is a fundamental issue for the people of Afghanistan , for President Karzai . This is about the exercise of sovereignty within this country . It 's about the monopoly of the use of force . It 's about having the responsibility for and having authority over any armed elements in this country . " The announcement was welcomed by the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan , which issued a statement saying it supports the "  principled stand " of Karzai 's government regarding the proposed ban . "  We are committed to implementation of this decree with a fixed timetable and accept that the international community must respond promptly to President Karzai 's long-standing concerns about the conduct of private security companies , " the U.N. mission said . Eikenberry said earlier in a statement the United States "  strongly endorses " the United Nations ' position . "  We will continue to work on a priority basis and in a spirit of partnership with the Afghan government and international partners to support successful implementation of the decree in a manner that increases Afghan security , strengthens sovereignty and leadership and ensures the continuous predictable delivery of critical international development assistance , " he said . The United States had previously expressed concern about Karzai 's pledge to phase out the country 's 52 private security companies by year 's end , saying that if implemented , the move would leave critical aid personnel unprotected and unable to continue their work . The United States has been negotiating with the Afghan government over such protection , and had been asking for clarification on which contractors would be allowed to remain in the country and under what conditions they could operate . Earlier this month , the Afghan government clarified exceptions to the proposed ban , saying that firms offering protection to embassies and foreign diplomats would be allowed to continue to operate . The decision "  addressed the concerns of NATO and foreign embassies regarding the private security companies ' dissolving process , " a statement from Karzai 's office said . However , it said that other private security companies not engaged in that work "  are a strong threat for the national security and national sovereignty of the country " and that their dissolution would continue as planned .	Afghan 's president has ordered a ban on security companies A committee will look at a timetable for implementation The United States and the United Nations applaud the move
ROME  CNN  -- Seven people went on trial for manslaughter Tuesday in Italy , accused of failing to predict an earthquake that killed more than 300 people in L'Aquila in April 2009 . The seven -- six scientists from the Italian National Institute of Geophysics and Vulcanology and a member of the Civil Protection Agency -- were members of a governmental panel that prosecutors accuse of giving a "  rough , generic and ineffective assessment of the seismic risk . " The seven , members of a so-called "  major risks " panel , published "  inaccurate , incomplete and contradictory information about the dangers of seismic activity undermining the protection of the population , " prosecutors said . The first hearing Tuesday morning in L'Aquila 's tribunal was devoted to technical matters and claims by injured parties . The city of L'Aquila has requested 50 million euros  $ 68 million  in compensation . Only one defendant was in court , the vice president of the panel , Bernardo De Bernardinis . "  I thought it was important to be here , not only because this is my turf but also to underline the professionalism ... of the other public officers , " De Bernardinis told reporters . The trial has attracted the attention of the scientific world . The American Association for the Advancement of Science  AAAS  wrote to Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano in June last year to express "  concern " over the indictment of its Italian colleagues . "  The charges against these scientists are both unfair and naive , " the letter said . The basis of the indictments appears to be that the scientists failed to alert the population of L'Aquila of an impending earthquake . However , the letter continues , "  there is no way they could have done that credibly . " Lawyer Marcello Melandri is defending Enzo Boschi , who was president of the National Institute of Geophysics and Vulcanology at the time of the quake . Melandri denies that it 's a trial against science , saying : "  Professor Boschi simply said that the earthquake is unpredictable , that it could or it could not happen . " The Civil Protection Agency had organized a meeting of the major risks panel in L'Aquila on March 31 , 2009 , amid concern among the city 's residents over ongoing seismic activity . After that meeting some members of the commission made reassuring statements to the press . In particular De Bernardinis said in an interview with a local TV station that the scientific community was "  reassuring " him , and that the numerous tremors were in some ways a good thing , as they released seismic energy . The interview concluded with a joke . "  Meanwhile , let 's go and have a glass of wine , " the journalist said . "  Absolutely ! " De Bernardinis replied . Six days later , the magnitude-6 .3 quake hit the city and surrounding areas , causing wide destruction and loss of life . Eugenio Carlomagno is among the citizens of L'Aquila to feel let down by the panel . "  There are big responsibilities that this trial has to establish . No one alerted us , there were no evacuation plans that could have saved lives , " he told CNN . "  It 's not a matter of drinking a glass of wine , it 's a matter of respecting rules . " The next trial session was scheduled for October 1 .	More than 300 people died in the April 2009 earthquake in L'Aquila Scientists were asked to assess the risk after increased seismic activity They did not predict the major earthquake that hit the centuries-old city Prosecutors say they gave a generic and ineffective assessment of the risk
CNN  -- Opposition fighters who attacked Alawite villages near the Syrian city of Latakia , killing at least 190 civilians , committed "  serious abuses " that may amount to crimes against humanity , rights group Human Rights Watch said Friday . The abuses occurred after an opposition offensive on August 4 in which the fighters overran government army positions and occupied more than 10 Alawite villages , the rights group said . Bergen : Syria rebel group 's dangerous tie to al Qaeda Witnesses and survivors described how opposition fighters "  executed residents and opened fire on civilians , sometimes killing or attempting to kill entire families who were either in their homes unarmed or fleeing from the attack , and at other times killing adult male family members , and holding the female relatives and children hostage , " the Human Rights Watch report said . More than 200 civilians -- the vast majority of them women and children -- are still being held hostage by two opposition groups that led the offensive , the rights group said , citing opposition sources . It named the groups as the Islamic State of Iraq and Sham  ISIS  , which is affiliated with al Qaeda in Iraq , and Jaish al-Muhajireen wal-Ansar . Read more : Pentagon proposes training moderate Syrian rebels Government forces launched a counteroffensive on August 5 and regained full control of the area on August 18 , the report said . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's family belongs to the minority Alawite sect , which is associated with Shia Islam . His government has consistently blamed the country 's conflict on "  terrorists " backed by foreign powers , while his own forces are accused of abuses , including the use of chemical weapons against civilians . The Syrian Coalition , the main opposition alliance , said that it was "  deeply concerned " about the Human Rights Watch report and that it "  once again disavowed " the two groups holding the hostages . "  We unequivocally condemn all human rights violations committed by armed groups , including extra-judicial killings and kidnappings , " it said . The offensive documented in the Human Rights Watch report "  does not represent an effort by the true Syrian opposition , but rather a shameful one-time attack by outlier extremist groups that thrive under the hand of the Assad regime , " it said . Many ISIS fighters are believed to be foreign jihadists rather than Syrians . ` War crimes ' evidence The evidence collected by Human Rights Watch "  strongly suggests that the serious abuses carried out by the opposition groups on August 4 were not the actions of a group of rogue fighters , " but were coordinated actions showing premeditation and organization . Human Rights Watch says it believes at least 20 distinct armed opposition groups were involved in the offensive , but it is not clear whether they were all present in the villages on August 4 , when most of the abuses are thought to have occurred . Syria 's rebels : 20 things you need to know However , its report says five groups were "  the key fundraisers , organizers , planners , and executors of the attacks " and "  were clearly present from the outset of the operation . " It says it has evidence "  linking all five to specific incidents that amount to war crimes . " Besides ISIS and Jaish al-Muhajireen wal-Ansar , they are listed by Human Rights Watch as Jabhat al-Nusra , Ahrar al-Sham and Suquor al-Izz . "  The evidence gathered by Human Rights Watch strongly suggests that the killings , hostage taking , and other abuses committed by the opposition forces on August 4 rise to the level of crimes against humanity , " the report said . "  The scale and organization of these crimes indicate that they were systematic as well as being planned as part of an attack on a civilian population . " Bodies buried in mass graves To compile the report , titled "  You Can Still See Their Blood , " Human Rights Watch researchers visited five of the villages involved after August 18 , where they spoke to residents and relatives of those killed or missing in the fighting , as well as Syrian army and militia members , emergency responders and opposition members . Its researchers also studied photographs and video footage of the events to corroborate witness accounts , the group said . The team collected the names of 190 civilians who were killed , including 57 women and at least 18 children and 14 elderly men , the report states . "  Given that many residents remain missing , and opposition fighters buried many bodies in mass graves , the total number of dead is likely higher , " it said . Official says CIA-funded weapons have begun to reach Syrian rebels "  Human Rights Watch has documented that opposition forces executed or unlawfully killed at least 67 of these 190 civilians even though they were unarmed and trying to flee . " Further investigation is needed to establish exactly how the other residents died , but the indications are that "  most of these individuals were either intentionally or indiscriminately killed by opposition forces , " it said . The rights group calls on states with influence over the parties involved in the conflict to press them to bring a halt to attacks on civilians . It also urges them to stop selling or supplying arms and ammunition to these groups , "  given compelling evidence that they have committed crimes against humanity , until they stop committing these crimes and perpetrators are fully and appropriately held to account . " Complicated picture Reports of abuses such as those alleged in the Human Rights Watch report have complicated international efforts to support the opposition to al-Assad 's government . In more than two years of conflict , the opposition has fragmented across a wide ideological and geographic spectrum , according to Barak Barfi , a research fellow at the New America Foundation . While some are nationalists are bent on liberating their country from a ruthless regime , others view the conflict as a springboard to a global jihad . The main support for Syrian rebels has so far come from the Persian Gulf monarchies of Saudi Arabia and Qatar . U.S. aid has been limited largely to nonlethal assistance such as communications gear and medical equipment . In July , the Obama administration began supplying small arms and ammunition to the rebels . But American officials have struggled with how to back opposition groups without providing weapons to those linked to Islamic militants , such as the al-Nusra Front , a group considered the most effective anti-Assad force on the battlefield , but one the United States says has ties to al Qaeda . Meanwhile , fighters from the Lebanon-based Shiite militant group Hezbollah are helping Syrian government forces . A video posted to YouTube this week that purports to show Hezbollah fighters killing injured Syrians has angered many in the region . Hezbollah has not responded to the furor . It is not clear who the alleged victims are .	Opposition fighters committed serious abuses in Alawite villages , rights group says Human Rights Watch says it has evidence that attacks killed at least 190 civilians Syrian Coalition condemns alleged abuses , says they 're not the "  true Syrian opposition " Syria 's civil war has drawn in groups linked to al Qaeda as well as more moderate groups
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Six Haitian orphans , seized by national authorities last week as they prepared to journey to the United States , will be able to leave the earthquake-devastated country Wednesday . The U.S. Embassy retained custody of the children Tuesday and they were handed over to three American women who have been trying to escort them out . The women had attempted to leave Saturday when angry Haitians demanded to see their paperwork . Police suspected that a key document the women were carrying -- a permission signed by Haiti 's prime minister -- was a fake , something the women and U.S. officials deny . There is no chance the paperwork is fake , said Sarah Thacker , one of the three women . Thacker , from Minnesota , was in Haiti to bring home her newly adopted son . Police did not arrest the women , but temporarily placed the children under government custody at a local orphanage . The women said Tuesday that they had been given permission to take the children to the United States . The women were staying with the children at a friend 's house in Port-au-Prince . Full coverage of Haiti earthquake The incident came nearly a month after the arrest of 10 U.S. missionaries accused of trying to take 33 Haitian children out of the country without proper paperwork . Eight of them have been released on bail and have returned to the United States . The question of Haitian children being removed from the country illegally came to the foreground after a magnitude-7 .0 earthquake devastated parts of the country on January 12 . Authorities feared that children left on their own -- because their parents died or they were separated from them -- would be targeted by child traffickers . Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar has backed Thacker 's efforts . "  They have filled out all the paperwork , " she said . "  This is a legitimate orphanage that has brought other children to America . And I feel like these little babies are just caught up in this international dispute , and it 's just not fair . " CNN 's Gary Tuchman and Ismael Estrada contributed to this report .	Haitian orphans set to leave for United States on Wednesday U.S. women say they were given permission to leave country with orphans Police had suspected a permission signed by Haiti 's prime minister was a fake
CNN  -- Bomb blasts Monday in Nigeria 's northeastern state of Borno killed three people and wounded dozens , raising fears that an Islamist group will step up attacks against voters on the eve of national governorship elections , police said . In one of three blasts , a bomb thrown from a motorcycle on which two young men were riding detonated , resulting in the three fatalities , said Michael Zukoma , police commissioner for Borno state . Nigerian police told CNN that Boko Haram , an Islamist sect that has challenged Nigeria 's government , is responsible for the attacks , which they described as an attempt to intimidate voters who this month re-elected President Goodluck Jonathan , an ljaw Christian from the south . The explosions occurred a day after the Nigerian Red Cross reported that rural villages had held mass burials in northern Nigeria . Witnesses say that violence in the wake of Jonathan 's election has resulted in hundreds of deaths , though there is no official death toll . The government has provided few details . This month 's election of Jonathan , who is from the majority-Christian southern part of the country , sparked violence in the Muslim-dominated north last week . Concerns about ongoing violence led Nigerian election officials last week to delay the planned gubernatorial elections in two of Nigeria 's 36 states . Northern Muslims in some areas charged that the presidential election was rigged . Armed protesters in the region took to the streets chanting the name of former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari , the main opposition front-runner . The last election , four years ago , was widely condemned for rampant vote rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . While this month 's presidential election was marred by violence , reports of underage voting and logistical problems , observers said they considered it an improvement . After he was declared the victor , Jonathan warned that persistent post-election violence could threaten the stability of the country . "  These acts of mayhem are sad reminders of the events which plunged our country into 30 months of an unfortunate civil war , " Jonathan said last week . Jonathan was referring to a period of unrest in the 1960s that spawned a civil war in Nigeria . Nigeria is Africa 's largest oil producer and its most populous nation , with 150 million people .	NEW : All three fatalities came from a single bomb blast Governorship elections slated for Tuesday Police blame Boko Haram , an Islamist sect , for the attacks
CNN  -- A bodyguard for the mayor of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , was shot and killed in an exchange with Mexican federal police , a federal police spokesman said late Tuesday . The shooting happened near the international bridge between Juarez and El Paso , Texas , according to spokesman Ramon Salinas . Juarez Mayor Hector "  Teto " Murguia and his convoy were coming from a meeting with a contingent of local priests , according to Salinas and a statement from the mayor 's office . They were headed to a checkpoint when an incident occurred between federal police and the bodyguards for Murguia . Murguia denounced the shooting and said the bodyguard -- 29-year-old Jorge Humberto Munoz Perez -- was shot after he identified himself as a bodyguard for the mayor . At a press conference , Murguia accused the federal police of the shooting , saying "  the abuses of the federal police can occur to any person . " The mayor said he was so close to the gunfire , he does n't know how he was n't shot . Journalist Arturo Chacon contributed to this report .	Jorge Humberto Munoz Perez , 29 , was killed , Mexican federal police say The mayor says Munoz Perez was shot after identifying himself as Murguia 's bodyguard
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Bashir Osman moves hurriedly along a white sandy beachfront , giving instructions to a driver operating a bulldozer . Near them , a large truck is ferrying away piles of rocks , clearing a sun-soaked beach lapped by the azure blue waters of the Indian Ocean . Work here is well underway as Osman presses ahead with his new multi-million dollar project : to build a luxury beach resort in Mogadishu , the capital of war-torn Somalia . "  I knew one day that Mogadishu will become peace and we 'll get stability , " says Osman , who already owns two hotels in the city . "  That is why I started to buy that land . " After more than 20 years of violence , Somalia moved a step closer to stability last September after picking its first president elected on home soil in decades . And now , hope is gradually returning to parts of the East African country . Read this : Peace concert rocks Mogadishu Although security is still an issue , Mogadishu has been experiencing an economic renaissance in recent months , boosted by members of the diaspora returning home to rebuild the country , as well as the efforts of local businessmen who never left . Osman , who stayed in Somalia throughout its conflict , hopes his new development will attract holidaymakers from abroad . He says that he 's already had American and British visitors staying in his hotels . "  More than 20 tourists they came , " he says . "  Some of them they came with their family to show Somalia , especially Mogadishu , " adds Osman . "  And really when they went back , they were so excited when they saw how Mogadishu looks like , how beautiful city we have , how beautiful beach we have and that is what we want to show them again and again . " Osman 's ambitious new projects are part of a growing building activity that is reshaping many of the neighborhoods of bullet-ridden Mogadishu . "  If you go to Mogadishu the construction is very , very booming , " says Osman . "  That is the sign of peace , " he adds . "  Especially the people who came back from America and Europe , they start to open the new businesses . " Mogadishu 's growing economy is manifested not just in real estate and the hotel sector . Telecommunications is also on the rise , while the aviation industry is spreading its wings too , with about 15 daily domestic and international flights . "  We have six different routes and basically next we 'll be eight , " says Osman Abdullahi , a young Somali entrepreneur who set up the ODAY express airline . "  There is a lot of airlines that are planning to  come to  this country and hoping to  have  a hub over here . " Abdullahi admits that leaving the United States in 2010 to return home and start his business was a "  100 % huge risk . " He says that when moved back back to Somalia , it was too dangerous to even drive in Mogadishu . "  That picture is already gone . It 's a different picture today , " he says . This new picture can also be witnessed at Mogadishu 's seaport -- Somalia 's key national asset -- where creaking cranes lift goods from the commercial ships and boats lining the harbor . The wide array of imported construction materials , household goods and food are then loaded onto rows of waiting trucks . Read this : Somali women defy danger to write history The customs revenue collected from here has increased exponentially in recent times . And while the system is far from perfect , the income is crucial to the newly formed government in rebuilding the city , whose basic infrastructure has been shattered by war . Currently , Somalia 's economy is largely supported by aid from donor governments , while the relatively peaceful business environment is propped up by the African Union Mission in Somalia African  AMISOM  . The security forces squeezed the al Qaeda-linked Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab out of Mogadishu , but the insurgents still lurk and periodically launch terror attacks . Read this : The global cost of Somali piracy Brigadier Michael Ondoga , of AMISOM , told CNN recently that although Al-Shabaab was "  largely defeated " in Mogadishu , there were still issues with its members "  melting into the population " and taking advantage of the city 's large size to hide . But Somali security forces have succeeded in pre-empting many suicide attacks and have arrested some of the Al-Shabaab operatives hiding among the capital 's population . "  The situation is generally good at the moment -- the security forces are controlling it very well , " Ondoga said . "  Here in the city now , the big guns are quiet , the streets are lit , many  in the  diaspora are coming back , new construction is going on , business is booming , " he said . And despite the long list of challenges , Mogadishu businessmen like Osman are hopeful of a brighter future . "  For me I was here  during the conflict  and the situation I see now is a situation I have never seen before . So the situation now is getting better , " he says .	Mogadishu , the capital of war-torn Somalia , is experiencing an economic renaissance Entrepreneurs hope tourists will return to the country Both real estate and hotel sectors are growing as well as investment optimism The resurgence is partly boosted by a returning diaspora
Prince Edward Island , Canada  CNN  -- Prince William splashed down a helicopter in a Canadian lake Monday , while his newlywed bride Catherine watched from shore -- all part of a full slate of activities on Prince Edward Island on the fifth day of the royal couple 's Canadian tour . Intermittent rain did not prevent the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge from enjoying a host of events on the island , which borders the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of St. Lawrence . That included racing in dueling dragon boats , being ceremonially "  smudged " at a beach and savoring seafood on the sand . The royals ' day began with a visit to Province House , the second-oldest active legislature building in Canada . There , they greeted many of the hundreds of people who 'd gathered for a look at the newlyweds . Afterward , the couple headed to Dalvay-by-the-Sea . There , Prince William -- a military helicopter pilot by training -- joined his Canadian counterparts in taking part in a "  waterbird " emergency landing in a nearby lake . In the exercise , which was originated by Canadian armed forces for use in search-and-rescue missions , the helicopter 's engine is cut off and it then lands in the water . When it was about one-quarter submerged , the propellers were restarted to bring William and others on board back into the sky . Both William and his wife then boarded dueling dragon boats with others for a race . Other highlights on Monday included musical performances in the rain and a lobster bake on the beach . Later Monday , the royal couple will fly for roughly 2,300 miles to Yellowknife , in the Northwest Territories , for the next phase of their trip . William and Catherine are expected to visit a total of four provinces during their nine-day tour -- their first official foreign trip as a married couple . After the Northwest Territories , they will go to Alberta . Their upbeat if occasionally soaked Prince Edward Island visit came a day after the most controversial stop on their tour in the French-speaking province of Quebec . William and Catherine attended a "  Freedom of the City " ceremony at Quebec City Hall , where the prince addressed the crowd in French after being met by cheering supporters . Nearby , a small but vocal group of anti-monarchy protesters gathered . Canadian broadcaster CBC reports that Quebec 's relationship with the monarchy has often been strained , with the Queen met by booing protesters on a visit to the province in 1964 . The royal couple also visited Maison Dauphine , a center that provides assistance to troubled street youth in Quebec . They posed for pictures and seemed at ease as artists showed off their work . The prince played a quick game of foosball . After they wrap up their Canadian tour on Friday , the duke and duchess will head to California for three days . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Prince William and his wife Catherine visit Prince Edward Island on their Canadian tour They stop at the Province House , Dalvay-by-the-Sea and a beach William dons his military gear to take part in a emergency landing exercise Their next stop will be Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories , some 2,300 miles away
Colorado Springs , Colorado  CNN  -- A black Cadillac , bullet casings and a pizza box appear to connect a parolee with ties to a white supremacist prison gang to the shooting death of Colorado 's prisons chief , according to a search warrant affidavit obtained Friday by CNN . The affidavit , filed by the Texas Department of Public Safety 's Ranger Division , details what authorities believe links Evan Spencer Ebel , who died in a shootout with sheriff 's deputies in Texas , and the Colorado killing of state prisons chief Tom Clements . Of key focus in the affidavit is a 1991 black Cadillac that authorities say Ebel was driving in a wild , high-speed chase Thursday that saw the 28-year-old open fire on sheriff 's deputies before slamming into an 18-wheeler , climbing out of the wreckage and opening fire again . Hours later , Ebel died from a gunshot wound to head suffered during the shootout , leaving behind more questions than answers in a case that has spanned two states . On Friday , the wreckage of the Cadillac was under intense scrutiny after witnesses reported a similar vehicle -- a black , boxy car with Colorado license plates -- near the Monument , Colorado , house of Clements on Tuesday , the day he was killed . Among the links in the cases , according to the affidavit , are shell casings from a 9mm handgun found at Clements house . They are the same brand and caliber used in the shooting of a Wise County , Texas , sheriff 's deputy , it said . Video : Pizza deliveryman remembered In the Cadillac 's trunk was a Domino 's Pizza box carrier and a Dominos uniform jacket , it said . That pizza carrier and jacket are a key reason why Denver authorities are also in Texas to examine the Cadillac . They are investigating the killing of 27-year-old Nathan Collin Leon , a Domino 's Pizza deliveryman in Denver . Leon disappeared from work on Sunday and was found dead in the Denver suburb of Golden . Leon 's family said he delivered pizzas as a way to earn extra money for his wife and his three girls . Denver investigators tell CNN there is a "  strong connection " between the killings of Leon and Clements . Even as the investigation appears to link Ebel to the shooting , authorities have said little about a possible motive . Did Ebel kill a pizza deliveryman to get a hold of his uniform as part of an effort to disguise himself ? Did he target Clements because of the prison chief 's crackdown on white supremacist gangs in prison ? Was he part of a wider conspiracy to kill Clements ? Or was it something else ? High-speed chase in Texas This much is known : On Thursday , Ebel sped through Montague County , Texas , near the Oklahoma state line , about 700 miles from Monument . Deputy James Boyd tried to pull the car over . It 's unclear exactly why , other than it would have a been a routine part of Boyd 's job . Boyd did not know about the Clements case , authorities said . Ebel shot the deputy three times , hitting him twice in the chest and grazing his head . Wearing a bulletproof vest , the deputy managed to call for help and to tell law enforcement which way Ebel was driving . Authorities say they have looked at the dashcam video of the shooting . Boyd remains hospitalized at a Dallas-Fort Worth area hospital . The information the deputy gave allowed law enforcement to catch up with Ebel . A high-speed chase ensued , ending about 30 miles away in Decatur , Texas , with Ebel firing out of his window at police , law enforcement said . "  I would say he was running about 100 mph , and he had his left arm out the window and he was just shooting , " said Decatur Police Chief Rex Hoskins , whose patrol car was parked in the median as the Cadillac raced past . The chase ended when the Cadillac screeched onto another road and slammed into an 18-wheel truck , authorities said . With the front of his car crushed , Ebel got out and started shooting again . Ebel did n't hit any officers this time , they said . But they shot him . He was taken to an area hospital where he was pronounced dead Thursday night , authorities said . A prison conspiracy ? Since Tuesday , investigators looking into Clements ' killing have told reporters they are considering numerous angles . One is that Ebel , a former member of the 211s -- a white-supremacist prison gang -- might have conspired with other inmates to kill Clements , Paula Presley of the El Paso County , Colorado , sheriff 's department said . The Department of Corrections told investigators that Ebel was a prison gang member , she said on CNN on Friday . Clements earned widespread recognition for not only prison reforms but for a crackdown on prison gangs , including the 211s . Citing media coverage of the shooting and its possible connection with the the 211s , authorities locked down Colorado 's prisons on Friday , said state Department of Corrections spokeswoman Alison Morgan . "  We are on full lockdown over the weekend , no visitation or volunteer programs , " she said . Suspect 's troubled past As authorities look for possible links in the case , a troubling portrait began to emerge of Ebel . By all accounts , Ebel came from a privileged upbringing . His father , Jack Ebel , an attorney and former oil executive , counts Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper among his friends . "  When I first came out to Colorado 30 years ago , he and I worked in the same oil company , " Hickenlooper told reporters Friday . The governor described Jack Ebel as "  generous to a fault , " but said the son "  had a bad streak . " "  We knew his son growing up that he just had a bad streak , " Hickenlooper told CNN affiliate KUSA . "  I think Jack , his wife , they did everything they could . " Hickenlooper , who did not go into details about the behavior , said he first learned the younger Ebel was a suspect in the killing of Clements on Thursday . His first reaction ? "  There ca n't be two Evan Ebels . " "  I did n't even know Evan was out , " Hickenlooper said , adding that he called the Ebel family a short time later . The Ebels , according to Hickenlooper , were devastated by the news . The governor said he never intervened on behalf of the younger Ebel , and he said Jack Ebel never made such a request . Lengthy prison record In 2003 , at the age of 18 , Evan Ebel was charged with felony armed robbery after brandishing a gun and threatening to kill a man unless he handed over his wallet , court documents show . "  I 'm not playing . ... This is not a joke , " Ebel said as he pointed a gun at the victim 's head , according to witness statements at the time . Ebel pleaded guilty to the charge and was sentenced to three years in prison , serving just over a year . Just months after his release , he was arrested again . This time for felony menacing , robbery and assault . He pleaded guilty to those charges in 2005 and was sentenced to another three years in prison . In 2006 , while in prison , Ebel was charged with assaulting a detention officer , records show . He pleaded guilty and received an additional four years on his sentence . Ebel spent five years of his sentence in solitary confinement , Hickenlooper said . While the governor said he never discussed the younger Ebel by name , Hickenlooper did say he told Clements that he knew someone in solitary confinement . That person , the governor told KUSA , was Ebel . "  One of the things I told Tom Clements was that his family was concerned that it was doing more harm that good , " he said . That statement is supported by Ebel 's mother , Jody Mangue , who detailed a visit with her son in a post on memorial website she created for her 16-year-old daughter , who was killed in a car accident in 2004 . "  Evan is in Canon City , Colorado in CSP , the state prison . He has over three more years left . He has pretty much been in solitary confinement for 5 years . How he has managed this ceases to amaze me , but he has used his time wisely and is quite disciplined , conditioned , " she wrote . "  When we visit , I sit across from him , he in a chair on the other side of the thick glass . He is brought in in shackles . He spends 23 hours in his cell . " Ebel served his entire sentence and was given mandatory parole on January 28 , 2013 , according to the state Department of Corrections . Shift in investigation The emerging details about the investigation appear to indicate authorities are shifting away from considering the possible involvement of Homaidan al-Turki , a Saudi national . On Thursday , Presley of the El Paso County sheriff 's department said that investigators were considering the possible involvement of al-Turki after a local news outlet , citing an anonymous source , said they were looking at connections between the Saudi national and Clements . Al-Turki was convicted of sexually assaulting his housemaid at his Aurora , Colorado , home seven years ago . This month , Clements denied al-Turki 's request to serve the remainder of his Colorado prison sentence in Saudi Arabia , records show . Attorneys for al-Turki did not immediately return a CNN request for comment . Read the latest news on CNN.com CNN 's Jim Spellman reported from Colorado and Ed Lavandera from Texas , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect 's mother recounts in an Internet post a prison visit with Evan Ebel Colorado 's governor says he has known Evan Ebel since childhood Authorities are working to link Evan Ebel , 28 , to the killing of Colorado 's prison chief Ebel died Thursday after following a shootout with Texas authorities
Lushan , China  CNN  -- A strong earthquake that struck the southwestern Chinese province of Sichuan this weekend has killed 186 people , sent nearly 8,200 to hospitals and created a dire dearth of drinking water , Chinese state-run Xinhua reported Sunday . Earlier reports had said as many as 11,200 people were injured . The Sichuan Red Cross estimated that drinking water in Ya'an City will run out within three days despite rescue workers ' efforts to deliver supplies to quake-hit area . In more remote areas , where the shifting earth muddied river waters , people anxiously awaited evacuation , Xinhua said . Thousands of emergency workers , including soldiers , rushed to reach the affected zones in the hilly region , but their progress was impeded . Huge mountain chunks near the quake 's epicenter in Lushan County have sheared off and fallen into valleys . Boulders have landed on roads , making emergency work difficult . Buildings were flattened in the county , and others had severe structural damage . Xu Mengjia , the Communist Party chief of Ya'an , the city that administers the area where the quake struck , told state broadcaster CCTV that because of landslides and disruption to communications , determining the total number of casualties will take some time . The Chinese government allocated 3 million yuan  about $ 480,400  to rescue and relief efforts Sunday , a day after Chinese Premier Li Keqiang traveled to the area from Beijing , state media reported . Li spent Saturday in Lushan County , leading the response near the quake 's epicenter , then visited hospital patients Sunday , Xinhua reported . Students gather outside to escape the quake The quake struck just after 8 a.m. local time Saturday , about 115 kilometers  71 miles  from the provincial capital , Chengdu , at a depth of around 12 kilometers , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There was conflicting information about the earthquake 's strength , with the USGS putting the magnitude at 6.6 and the China Earthquake Networks Center gauging it at 7.0 . It was followed by a series of aftershocks , some of them as strong as magnitude 5.1 , the USGS said . Authorities have sent rescue workers to the area around the epicenter , briefly halting flights at the airport in Chengdu and suspending high-speed rail operations , state media reported . The emergency response appeared to be substantial . Soldiers were seen heading into the area , while the government and Red Cross set up triage centers . The event stirred memories of the devastating earthquake that hit Sichuan in 2008 , killing more than 87,000 people . First responders to Saturday 's quake reported that the damage did n't appear to be as severe as what was seen after the 2008 disaster , according to CCTV . Fan Xiaodong , a student in Chengdu , said that when buildings began to shake in the city , many of his startled classmates rushed out of their dorms , some of them wearing only the clothes they 'd been sleeping in . At first , Fan said , he only felt a slight trembling as he dozed in bed . "  I thought it was my roommates shaking the bed , " he said . "  But the shock became stronger soon , and it came to me that an earthquake happened . " The epicenter was in Lushan County , a district of Ya'an . That area is home to China 's famous giant pandas and houses the country 's biggest panda research center . CCTV reported that the pandas at the facility , which is about 40 kilometers  about 25 miles  from the epicenter , were safe . Residents of Chongqing , a sprawling metropolis more than 300 kilometers  about 190 miles  from Ya'an , said the quake also shook buildings there . Are you there ? Send your iReports CNN 's David McKenzie reported from Lushan , China . CNN 's Ed Payne and Mark Morgenstein reported from Atlanta .	NEW : 186 people are dead and 8,200 hospitalized , Chinese state media Xinhua reports NEW : There 's a dire need for drinking water , and people are awaiting evacuation , it says Chinese Premier Li Keqiang travels to the area The quake struck about 70 miles from the city of Chengdu in Sichuan
CNN  -- One suspect has been arrested in connection to a pair of car bombings that killed at least 45 people in northern Lebanon , the state-run National News Agency reported . Shiekh Ahmed al-Ghareeb was seen on surveillance camera in Al-Salam mosque in the site of the explosion . Security forces raided his home in Al-Minye and seized some military machine guns and some grenades , according to the news agency . The blasts Friday in Tripoli occurred near mosques run by Sunni imams with ties to Syrian rebels . While some Lebanese Sunnis have gone to neighboring Syria to fight alongside those trying to unseat President Bashar al-Assad 's government , Shiites from Lebanon 's Hezbollah group are fighting in support of the embattled leader . Even before authorities had given indications as to who was behind the bombing , members of the Lebanese parliament from Tripoli issued a statement Friday night blaming "  treacherous hands that strive to import the regional blaze into Lebanon , " NNA reported . The legislators also called on Tripoli residents to show restraint and cooperate with security officials . In addition to the deaths , at least 500 people were reported injured in the blasts , which the National News Agency reported . The first one occurred near the Sunni al Taqwa mosque and the second was , minutes later , near al Salam mosque . This latter explosion was close to the residences of acting Prime Minister Najib Mikati and Ashraf Rifi , the former head of the country 's Internal Security Forces . Rifi is widely despised by Hezbollah and Lebanese politicians friendly to al-Assad , the Syrian president . This bomb produced a crater 5 meters  16.4 feet  across , incinerated more than 60 cars and damaged six residential buildings , the news agency said . Mikati issued a statement via Twitter condemning the bombings . "  We urge our children and brothers in Tripoli to practice self-restraint , and we pledge to them that we will always stand by them , especially during these critical times , " he said . Tammam Salam , the man designated to become Lebanon 's next prime minister , cut short a private trip to Greece after the blasts . "  The crime of Tripoli is further evidence that the situation in Lebanon reached a very critical stage and requires us to be on high alert on the political , national and security levels in order to eradicate the internal strife , " he said . Hezbollah said , in its own statement , that the explosions were part of a "  criminal scheme aimed at sowing seeds of strife among the Lebanese . " A car bombing in a southern suburb of Beirut earlier this month rocked a Hezbollah stronghold , killing at least 22 people and injuring hundreds . Fears of religious warfare are potent in Lebanon , where a civil war between Christian and pro-Palestinian Muslim militias killed an estimated 150,000 people from 1975 until 1990 . CNN 's Michael Pearson , Nada Husseini , and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect seen on surveillance camera in Al-Salam mosque , state news says NEW : Machine guns and grenades seized from suspect 's home , says the report Blasts occurred near mosques with Syrian ties Lebanon 's Hezbollah sends Shiite fighters to support Syrian government
CNN  -- With a name like Chiqui Cartagena , you ca n't escape the fact that you 're different from your classmates in school . From the first grade on , I was constantly looked down upon and treated differently -- and sometimes not so nicely . I 'm an Army brat . My father was a decorated veteran of the Puerto Rican 65th Infantry Regiment that bravely fought in the Korean War . When he left the armed forces , he became a corporate executive for General Electric in Spain , which is where I grew up from the age of 6 until I was 21 years old . When I came to the U.S. to finish my education and became a journalist , I was fascinated by how little people really understood Latinos . So I have spent my whole professional life helping my fellow Americans understand who we are . The last two Census reports and presidential elections have certainly elevated the awareness of the power and growth of the U.S. Latino community , especially in certain sectors , politics being one of them . But there is still a lot of ignorance about the important impact Hispanics are having on every sector of the U.S. economy . U.S. Latino population is growing fast , and traditional demographic patterns are shifting There are seven sectors of business -- retail , food , entertainment , financial services , etc. -- that offer companies unprecedented domestic growth opportunities , if only they will focus their efforts on marketing to Hispanics . But business leaders do n't feel like they know how to take the proper steps to capitalize on their Hispanic opportunity , so they do n't do anything at all . On average , only 5 % to 6 % of all advertising budgets is allocated to marketing to Latinos , who already represent 17 % of the total population and 20 % or more of key demographic groups -- children , teens , and millennials . Clearly , there is a fundamental gap between awareness of the need to start marketing to Latinos and the ability to do so . Business leaders often do n't know where to begin . It all feels very scary to them -- partly because for so long , language has been the main way people think about Hispanic marketing , when in fact , it 's all about culture and creating marketing campaigns that are culturally relevant . Fewer Latinos will speak Spanish , more non-Latinos will When minorities in general make up almost half of all millennials -- with Hispanics accounting for nearly 25 % of them and growing at the fastest pace -- this is an opportunity you can no longer ignore . How can you have a millennial strategy without asking yourself "  What about Hispanics ? " You simply ca n't afford to leave out one quarter of your target simply because you do n't know how to talk to them . If you do , chances are your competition will figure it out and you will lose in the long term . Hispanics are creating a new baby boom in the United States . Think of it this way : Every 30 seconds , two non-Hispanics reach retirement age and one Latino turns 18 . Like the baby boomers before us , the Latino baby boom will affect every aspect of American life over the next 50 years . Do you want to be the one missing out on this opportunity ? I think not . Although I have spent the last month giving speeches about the importance of the Latino community as part of various events celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month , I feel like the designation of Hispanic Heritage Month is becoming an anachronism . In many ways the influence of Hispanics on America can be felt every day . Does Hispanic Heritage Month matter ? From the grocery aisle where you pick up your Corona beer and your dulce de leche ice cream , to the Billboard charts where Pitbull , Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez routinely dominate , to the lunch you order at Chipotle or Panera or , in fact , at the great American fast feeder , McDonald 's -- the Latino effect is everywhere . The media and both political parties now readily acknowledge that it was the influence of the Latino vote in the key swing states that got President Barack Obama re-elected last year . In fact , just two weeks ago , Mitt Romney said that insufficient Hispanic outreach was his largest error in 2012 . The story behind Hispanic Heritage Month "  The largest strategic error was not investing sufficiently , particularly in Hispanic TV and Hispanic outreach to help Hispanic voters understand that ours is the party of opportunity , " Romney told CNN 's Jake Tapper of the lesson to be learned for GOP presidential campaigns of the future . Funny , because just this past summer , Univision Network made history when it came in first place during the July sweeps , beating ABC , NBC , CBS and Fox in the much coveted demographic of adults 18-34 . I ca n't think of a more appropriate way to recognize the influence Hispanics are having on America . 25 stories that shaped the Latino community The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chiqui Cartagena .	Cartagena spent whole professional life helping fellow Americans understand Latinos Every 30 seconds , two non-Hispanics reach retirement age and one Latino turns 18 "  Latino baby boom " will affect every aspect of American life over the next 50 years Cartagena : Businesses ca n't afford to ignore Hispanics , one-quarter of their market
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Chinese-Australian artist who covered a diorama of Tiananmen Square in ground pork is to be deported from China , according to Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  DFAT  . Guo Jian was taken into custody last weekend , a day after The Financial Times published an interview with the artist , and photos of his latest work . The piece , called "  The Square , " shows the Beijing landmark covered in 160 kilograms of ground meat . In the accompanying FT article , Guo was highly critical of the actions of the People 's Liberation Army  PLA  on June 4 , 1989 , when troops opened fire on civilians around Tiananmen Square , killing hundreds if not thousands of people . "  The army is regarded as a loveable institution . But at Tiananmen I realized it 's not , they will kill you if ordered to , " he was quoted as saying . ` Visa-related ' matter According to a DFAT spokesman , consular officers visited Guo in Beijing on June 5 . They said Chinese authorities said Guo was being held on a "  visa-related matter " and would be deported after 15 days ' detention . Amnesty International 's China researcher William Nee said the timing of Guo 's deportation was "  incredibly odd , " given the artist has worked in the country for a number of years . "  It seems incredibly odd timing that right after he gives an interview that is very moving to the FT and he comes out with a very shocking and moving piece of artwork , that is the time that the government decides to detain him about a visa-related issue , " Nee said . "  As far as I know , he did not leave the country or get detained for some other unrelated event . It was almost certainly due to his freedom of expression which the government did not approve of , " he added . Born in China , Guo joined the PLA in the late 1970s during a recruitment drive to support the Sino-Vietnamese war , according to his website . He was just 17 years old . After leaving the army , Guo worked as a propaganda officer for a transport company and later studied art in Beijing . He told the FT he witnessed shooting near Tiananmen Square on the night of the massacre , and saw bodies stacked outside a local hospital . "  Walking into the hospital , walking into the emergency room packed with bodies , the smell was much stronger than in my studio . I just could n't do anything and wanted to throw up . I was shocked , angry , sad and hopeless , " he told the FT. After the Tiananmen crackdown , Guo moved to Australia where he became a citizen and lived for 13 years . ` Do n't call me ' On Monday , one of Guo 's friends told CNN he 'd called Guo to discuss the FT article . No one answered , but the artist texted him soon after to say he was "  with police , " followed by another SMS : "  do n't call me " . The friend said Guo was aware of the provocative nature of his work . "  He 's not naÃ ¯ ve about this stuff , " he said . Prior to finishing the project , Guo asked the friend not to tell anyone about it , for fear that the authorities would stop him from working on it . Ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen massacre , authorities across the country arrested a number of prominent dissidents and critics of the government . CNN 's Euan McKirdy and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Chinese-Australian artist Guo Jian to be deported from China Guo 's latest work is a pork-covered diorama of Tiananmen Square Interview with the artist appeared in the Financial Times before his arrest DFAT says Chinese authorities say he 's being held on visa-related issues
CNN  -- World number one Dinara Safina 's wait for her first grand slam title continues , after she was beaten in straight sets by compatriot Svetlana Kuznetsova in the final of the French Open at Roland Garros . Kuznetsova kisses the French Open trophy after her comprehensive victory over Dinara Safina . Safina , who has reached the top of the world rankings despite not having a major title to her name , looked completely out-of-sorts against her fellow-Russian , who secured a comfortable 6-4 6-2 victory in just over an hour . The defeat was a crushing blow to Safina , who has long had to contend with the accusations that she is not a worthy world number one , and this third grand slam final defeat will do nothing to silence the doubters . It was the second straight year she has lost in the final here , after going down in straight sets to Ana Ivanovic of Serbia last year . It was also her second successive grand slam final defeat having lost to Serena Williams in the Australian Open in Melbourne earlier this year . Seventh seed Kuznetsova , 23 , was collecting her second grand slam title following her victory over another Russian , Elena Dementieva , in the final of the 2004 U.S Open . The victory also atoned for Kuznetsova 's 2006 final defeat to Justine Henin . "  It was so many years since I won a grand slam and I thought it would never happen again , " Kuznetsova said in a court-side interview after her victory . "  Today when I was coming onto the court I knew everything was going to be fine . It was the same as when I won the U.S. Open , " she added . In cold , damp and overcast conditons , Safina started strongly , breaking her opponent to win the opening game . However , she quickly relinquished that advantage by dropping her first service game , that included a double fault and two unforced errors . Both players had trouble holding their serves in an edgy opening set and at 4-5 down , Safina dropped the set when hitting a forehand into the net . Kuznetsova held serve to open the second set and games went with serve until the sixth game when a sixth double fault gave Kuznetsova the edge . She broke for the fourth time in the match shortly after when Safina blasted a forehand wide and long . Kuznetsova held serve to make it 5-2 and then her pressure on the Safina serve paid dividends again with a seventh double fault on match point . Despite the result , Kuznetsova said she believed Safina was a worthy world number one . "  She 's done so well , and she 's number one so she 's a better player than me at the moment , " Kuznetsova said on Eurosport . "  Today she was tired and had so much pressure on her but I want to wish her the best of luck for the future . "	Svetlana Kuznetsova beats Dinara Safina in final of the French Open in Paris Kuznetsova defeats fellow-Russian 6-4 6-2 in the Roland Garros showpiece The loss means world No. 1 Safina continues to wait for a first grand slam title
As football 's top event kicks off in Brazil , Anthony Pereira dispels some of the myths surrounding the 2014 World Cup 's host country -- and its approach to the game it is showcasing . MYTH : Many Brazilians are in the mood to party REALITY : Many thought that the awarding of the finals -- and the 2016 Olympics in Rio -- would be a "  coming out " party for Brazil , confirming its new status as a global player . But that is not the atmosphere which seems to be taking hold . For the last year there have been protests over the spiraling costs of the tournament  around $ 11.5 billion  and government priorities . Many Brazilians have demanded "  FIFA standard " hospitals , schools , and public transportation , not just stadiums . In 1950 , the last time Brazil hosted a World Cup , Brazilians seemed to conform more readily to the stereotype of festive , soccer-mad nationalists  still to be found in some international media  . Brazil in 1950 was a largely agrarian country , aspiring to national development and global influence but without the wealth and stature it has today . Back then , most Brazilians ' anxieties seem to have been about football . The country was ready to crown its national team , the Seleção , as world champions . Brazil 's loss to Uruguay in the final in the newly built Maracanã stadium  then the largest in the world  was seen as a disaster by many , and a confirmation of what the playwright and football commentator Nelson Rodrigues described as Brazilians ' "  mongrel complex "  complexo de vira-lata  or sense of inferiority . Now you 've got an 85 % urban country with high rates of literacy , growing wealth and universal primary school enrollment . So this is a country that 's really been transformed over the last six decades . Young people , in particular , seem untroubled by an inferiority complex and are globally aware . They are not afraid to take to the streets to complain . MYTH : Brazilians are naturally good at football REALITY : Many people are taken aback by the fact that Brazil has the unique claim of having won the World Cup five times , and participated in all the finals . You could offer an essentialist explanation : "  well , it 's because of the mixture of races , because Brazilians like music , the culture of street football and because they 're so passionate . It means they 're just naturally so tricky and skilful . " The more plausible explanation is that the state invested heavily in football as a means of gaining prestige and asserting identity . So it 's a state project which has borne fruit . The epitome of the state 's exploitation of Brazilian football expertise was the repressive dictatorship 's propaganda attempts to associate itself with the success of the Brazilian team in the 1970 World Cup finals . I think when some people protest now , they are maybe  unconsciously  associating this Cup with that authoritarian project -- and rejecting it . MYTH : The stadiums will be packed across the country REALITY : There are 12 cities taking part . One of these , Amazonas state capital Manaus is about 4,500 miles from Rio . FIFA itself did not require that so many cities be involved but the Brazilian government was conscious it should not be held in a few selected cities . Instead it should be shared regionally . That 's characteristic of Brazilian political style . But it has meant huge stadia have been constructed in some places that probably will not fill them often , including Cuibá , Mato Grosso . These stadia could look like crumbling white elephants in a few years , leaving a negative legacy in some cities and a growing indignation . MYTH : A World Cup win equates to ballot box success REALITY : The presidential election between the incumbent President Dilma Rousseff of the Workers ' Party  PT  and her two main opponents , Aécio Neves of the Social Democratic Party  PSDB  and Eduardo Campos of the Socialist Party  PSB  will kick into full gear after the final on July 13 . President Rousseff would like a successful , well-organized Cup to bolster her re-election chances , although she probably does not need the Brazilian team to do well in order to win . Candidates Neves and Campos could benefit from a perception that the Cup did not go well , but they probably will not be able to make too much of this in the campaign , as they both helped to organize it in their home states . MYTH : Brazil has fallen out of love with football REALITY : In 2014 , Brazil 's passion for football is still evident . Brazilians have purchased the majority of the 2.5 million tickets despite high prices . Some local protests will likely happen but probably not on the scale of last year . People are wary of being seen as disloyally "  anti-World Cup " and the government is alert to respond to any disruption . With international attention , there is too much at stake . In 1968 , Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II visited Brazil where she watched a match at the Maracanã stadium and met Pelé . Then-British Ambassador John Russell noted its importance as "  football is the soul of Brazil . " But is it ? Perhaps , but that soul shares football with other passions , including desire for more democracy and less corruption . It could be said that protests have added to pressure on FIFA leading to the current questioning of the Qatari bid for the 2022 World Cup , and investigation . In this sense Brazilians are playing an important role in world football , not simply in their traditional role as brilliant players and passionate fans , but as protesters against and reformers of what many allege is a corrupt institution of global governance .	Many thought awarding of finals would be a "  coming out " party for Brazil , writes Anthony Pereira But that is not the atmosphere which seems to be taking hold , he writes Brazil in 1950 was without the wealth and stature it has today Brazilians are playing an important role in football as protesters and reformers
CNN  She scored the second best goal of 2014 and now Irish forward Stephanie Roche has landed herself a move to U.S. National Women 's Soccer League side , Houston Dash . Roche 's volley for Peamount United against Wexford Youths in a Irish league game watched by fewer than 100 spectators became the first goal scored by a woman to be named a finalist in the FIFA Puskas Award for goal of the year . "  I am so excited about the signing of Stephanie , we are getting a player that has great technical ability , a superb left foot , and possibly the best goalscorer to come out of Ireland since  former international striker  Olivia O'Toole , " Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said on the club 's website . "  Stephanie will bring a wealth of international experience to our team , and another great attacking option that is different from what we have already , " he added . "  All our Dash fans and fans of women 's soccer in general will be excited about this signing . " James Rodriguez won the Puskas Award for 2014 , but the Colombian was gracious enough to say that Roche 's fabulous volley , which took second place at FIFA 's glitzy ceremony in January , just might have trumped his goal against Uruguay at the World Cup last year saying it "  deserved to win , but only one can . " Rodriguez 's goal came in front of thousands at Rio 's Maracana Stadium , with millions more around the world watching on TV . It was a very different setting when Roche collected the ball with her back to goal , flicked it over her head and crashed it home while playing in the Irish Woman 's National League . Nevertheless , her brilliant goal , filmed by chance , beat Robin van Persie 's flying header for Holland against Spain at the World Cup into third place . Victorious Real Madrid forward Rodriguez hailed Roche 's effort as "  a golazo "  an amazing goal  , while Italy legend Alessandro del Piero described her as the "  moral winner . " "  She is great , " Del Piero added . "  She needs to score another one for next year . That is what I would say to her . " The FIFA award , voted for by the public , saw Roche take 33 % of the vote , with winner Rodriguez on 42 % and Van Persie some way back on 11 % . Roche first represented the Republic of Ireland when she was 14 years old playing for the Under-17 team , and has since earned 35 senior caps for her country . The 25-year-old 's move to America follows a brief stint with French club ASPTT Albi where she struggled with the language barrier according to the Irish Times . Roche 's boyfriend Dean Zambra , who plays for League of Ireland side , Bray Wanderers , will join her in the U.S. for three months to help the striker settle in . "  I 've been given a huge opportunity by Houston Dash and I 'm hoping I 'll be able to go over and do well and hopefully be successful over there " Roche told RTE Radio . No terms of the deal have been revealed .	Stephanie Roche is off to America to play for Houston Dash in the U.S. Woman 's National Football League The Irish international striker scored a stunning goal which was nominated for the FIFA Puskas Award Roche 's goal came second to James Rodriguez ' strike for Colombia against Uruguay at the World Cup last year The 25-year-old 's move to the U.S. follows a brief stint with French club ASPTT Albi
EW.com  -- NBC may be creatively reviving "  The Office " for its final season , but it looks like many fans are n't yet willing to give the comedy another shot . The veteran series â $ " NBC 's highest-rated scripted show last season â $ " returned Thursday night to not only its lowest premiere rating ever , but the show matched its lowest-rated episode ever . "  The Office " had 4.3 million viewers and a 2.1 rating among adults 18-49 , down a whopping 46 percent in the demo from last fall . I figured the show would be down from its last premiere given how much its ratings dropped midseason . But this big of a drop is surprising considering how little competition was on the air and how much pre-season momentum NBC has had lately . Thursday also marked the return of NBC 's "  Up All Night "  3.1 million , 1.3  , down 46 percent , and "  Parks and Recreation "  3.5 million , 1.7  , down 19 percent for its lowest-rated premiere yet . The network 's "  SNL Election Special "  5.2 million , 1.6  was modest and "  Rock Center with Brian Williams "  4.1 million , 1.1  was down 21 percent . One of the biggest surprises in the fall schedule was that NBC did n't change this lineup considering how much it was struggling last season . NBC was in third place last night â $ " and CBS and ABC have n't even launched their fall lineups yet . The Peacock has had a great few weeks launching freshman series like apocalyptic drama "  Revolution " and Matthew Perry 's comedy "  Go On , " as well as maintaining "  The Voice "  See : Can NBC 's fall ratings winning streak continue ?  , but last night suggests the network is going to have a rough time on Thursdays this fall . Over on Fox , more good news for "  The X Factor "  9.9 million , 3.4  . The reality competition jumped 10 percent from last Thursday . The second week of "  Glee "  7.4 million , 2.9  , however , took a slight dip , down 6 percent in the demo . See the full story at EW.com .	"  The Office " returned Thursday to its lowest premiere rating ever NBC 's comedies "  Up All Night " and "  Parks and Recreation " also saw low ratings The network did have a few great weeks with the start of "  Revolution " and "  Go On " The low ratings suggest that NBC is going to have a rough time on Thursdays this fall
London  CNN  -- The relationship between rock stars and royalty has not always been a cosy one . Back in 1977 , The Sex Pistols stuck a grubby finger up to the silver jubilee with a raucous barge party on The Thames . In 2012 , a day after a flotilla of 1,000 boats took to the same stretch of water , it seems that peace has been made . The diamond jubilee was marked with an entertainment extravaganza on a stage built around the Queen Victoria Memorial outside London 's iconic Buckingham Palace . Smoothing the marriage of music and monarchy was Take That 's Gary Barlow , who curated a star-studded line-up designed to represent the best of Queen Elizabeth II 's 60-year reign . Barlow 's friend and sometime bandmate Robbie Williams opened the show , performing his boisterous "  Let Me Entertain You " with the trumpets and drummers of the Royal Scots Guards . In the crowd , Queen guitarist Brian May nodded approval : he 's qualified to do so , having opened 2002 's "  Party at the Palace " playing the national anthem on the roof . But the real VIPs were in the royal box , where Prime Minister David Cameron stood with Prince Charles , The Duchess Of Cambridge , Princes William and Harry , Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie and numerous other Windsors . Prince Philip , the queen 's husband , was absent , having been admitted to hospital with a bladder infection . Britain 's Prince Philip hospitalized The evening opener seemed geared more to the tastes of younger royals . Will.I.Am sang "  I Got ta Feeling " with octave-hopping pop singer Jessie J , X-Factor alumni JLS produced a medley of hits , while Barlow performed a duet with a painfully out of tune Cheryl Cole . Before long , the old guard showed the whippersnappers how it 's done . Enter Cliff Richard , a man with hits in every decade of Elizabeth 's reign and a mega-mix to prove it . A closing "  Congratulations " was as kitsch as his powder pink suit , but The Duchess Of Cambridge waved her Union Jack approvingly . Monday was not all about pop though . Classical pianist Lang Lang thumped out "  Rhapsody In Blue , " before tenor Alfie Boe segued "  O Sole Mio " into "  It 's Now Or Never , " jiving on the spot for the latter in a matter unbecoming of most opera singers . However , the curveball of the evening was yet to come : enter the brilliant Grace Jones , who took to the stage dressed like a sci-fi villainess , and spun a hula hoop for the duration of her sensual anthem "  Slave To The Rhythm . " "  Happy Birthday , our queen , " she concluded , missing the entire point of the occasion . Meanwhile , young crooner Ed Sheeran looked positively pedestrian in comparison , though with his shaggy red hair the people far off in the cheap seats must have wondered why Prince Harry popped up on stage with an acoustic guitar . At 9 p.m. local time , the crowd stood for the queen . Her majesty 's arrival was marked by the live debut of The Commonwealth Band 's "  Sing , " a track written especially for the jubilee by Gary Barlow and Andrew Lloyd Webber . "  Hear a thousand voices shouting loud , " the syrupy lyrics commanded . As darkness fell , the procession of stars continued -- Shirley Bassey performed the aptly titled "  Diamonds Are Forever , " while Kylie Minogue , dressed as a Pearly Queen , and Elton John whipped the crowd into a frenzy with a storming version of "  Crocodile Rock . " By the time Stevie Wonder appeared , the stage was beginning to resemble a Who 's Who of pop music . The American legend sang "  Is n't She Lovely " with lyrics re-worked for the occasion : "  Is n't she special , a young 86-years old , " he crooned . He also played "  Happy Birthday , " perhaps having conferred with Jones . Our attention was then drawn to the roof of the palace , where 80s British band Madness sang "  Our House " as a light projection transformed the imposing royal residence into a row of typical British terraced houses . Then it was back to the stage , where former Beatle Paul McCartney concluded the show . McCartney has provided the finale for so many star-studded galas that the image of him performing "  Ob La Di , Ob La Da " as Elton , Shirley Bassey and Cliff Richard clapped along en masse brought on a strange feeling of dÃ © jÃ vu . But , as ever , his humble , unifying charm made for a warm ending . Before the majestic fireworks display and the heart-thumping national anthem , Barlow led the Queen , the Duchess Of Cornwall and Prince Charles on stage . "  Your Majesty , Mummy , " began Prince Charles , as he delivered a touching speech with the right mix of levity and respect . The audience was treated to three hours of big names and big tunes , but -- acerbic comedians and Grace Jones aside -- the Diamond Jubilee Concert was a safe bet . Cynics might argue that a more accurate view of modern Britain could come from the likes of Plan B , whose "  Ill Manors " single sticks the knife into Cameron 's Britain , but a gig at Buckingham Palace was never going to be the place for punk sentiment .	Three-hour concert outside London 's Buckingham Palace for the diamond jubilee Concert opened with Robbie Williams and Royal Scots guard performing "  Let Me Entertain You " Paul McCartney concludes the show with star-studded version of "  Ob La Di , Ob La Da "
CNN  -- If the memory of your university is a somewhat hazy mix of missed lectures , cheap food , empty beer cans and cold , concrete classrooms , you wo n't recognize this list . Hamburg-based architectural data company Emporis recently released a report on what it 's calling "  the world 's most spectacular university buildings . " "  Lecture halls at dizzying heights , libraries with glass-domed roofs or crooked seminar rooms with slanting walls -- it is not just in the field of learning that universities have plenty to offer , but on an architectural level , too , " the report stated . The 10 buildings include Lomonosov Moscow State University , the world 's tallest university building at 240 meters ; Swanston Academic Building in Australia , which "  catches the eye with its wavy and jagged façade " ; and Bradfield Hall at Cornell University in the United States , which is "  almost entirely windowless . " The report also describes how old school university buildings are gradually being replaced . "  One by one , chunky relics of the '60s and '70s are being torn down , " it states , citing the demolition of the AfE‑Turm in Frankfurt am Main , Germany , which was brought down earlier this month in Europe 's largest inner-city controlled blasting . Is your favorite university building on the list ? Tell us which others should be commended in the comment section .	New report details most beautiful university buildings in world Includes Lomonosov Moscow State University , world 's tallest university building Swanston Academic Building in Australia "  catches the eye with its wavy and jagged façade "
CNN  -- You can be forgiven for losing track of time the morning after a night 77 years in the making . "  Oh sorry , that 's my alarm , " says an apologetic Andy Murray as his alarm trills while being interviewed . "  That was the finals day time for getting up , 915am ... just for yesterday . " Yesterday was Sunday July 7 and the day which saw Murray secure his place in British sporting history . In the 24 hours between those two alarms going off , Murray 's world irrevocably changed with his 6-4 7-5 6-4 win over over Novak Djokovic in straight sets ensuring he became Britain 's first men 's singles champion at Wimbledon since 1936 . It had been the most energy-sapping three sets of his career , with the world No. 2 eventually beating the world No. 1 following three hours of brutal battle , but Murray did n't want to go to sleep . After waiting his entire career to win the title Britain had so wanted for nearly eight decades , the Scot was scared of waking up to discover it was all a dream . "  That 's the one worry you have when you go to bed , " Murray told CNN after becoming the first male British singles champion at Wimbledon since Fred Perry . "  You wake up and it 's actually not true , so I was obviously very happy and relieved that I had done it . " Blog : Murray grasps opportunity to make history Twelve months ago Murray had sobbed on Centre Court after losing his first Wimbledon final to Roger Federer . Redemption came a month later on the same court against the same opponent , only with a different outcome . The Scot won to clinch Olympic gold at London 2012 and the hearts of a jubilant British public began to soften towards a man that had arguably come up short in the popularity stakes when compared to another British tennis star -- the now retired -- Tim Henman . In September a first grand slam title promptly followed at the U.S. Open , as Murray beat Djokovic in five sets in New York . "  Last year was the toughest loss of my career , " explained the 26-year-old Murray when asked about his defeat in last year 's Wimbledon final . "  It was the first time I responded well from a grand slam defeat and the Olympics helped . "  That period after the Wimbledon final and the Olympics was probably the most important of my career because it could have gone the other way . I could have not recovered from it and it could have been a struggle but I worked hard . "  I said after the semifinal that Wimbledon is the pinnacle of the sport , " added Murray , referring to his comments after his last four win over Jerzy Janowicz . "  To do it with all of the pressure and stuff was really tough , it took a lot out of me . I 'm just glad I do n't have to worry about it anymore . " Weight of expectation Murray might have been worrying , but so to has the British public . Worrying about a Briton winning Wimbledon has been a national pastime . He is the country 's sole male tennis star and his annual quest for grass-court glory grips millions of anxious fans . While the shouts of encouragement inside Centre Court can work in Murray 's favor , the media interest and the weight of expectation can also be a monkey on his back . "  During the match you try to embrace the pressures , the emotions and the struggle you 're going through out there , " said Murray . "  You have to embrace the occasion , but it 's not necessarily enjoyment . You enjoy the winning and the outcome . If you lose , you 're incredibly disappointed . " It looked as if the pressure might just be too much for Murray in what proved to be the deciding game of an absorbing final . Murray , calm and composed , was 40-0 up with three championship points . Ever the competitor , Djokovic showed the spirit and skill which has led him to six grand slam titles by hitting back . A nation held its breath . "  In that moment it must have been hard for people to watch , " admitted Murray , who saved three break points before Djokovic found the net and the celebrations kicked off . "  Last night I just saw the last game , it was tough to watch even though I knew the outcome , " said the Scot . After such a momentous triumph , it is tempting to suggest Murray can rest on his laurels . But the man from Dunblane has more grand slams in his sights , starting with a return to the Big Apple at the end of August . "  For me it 's been to gradual improve throughout my career , " he answers . "  Year upon year just getting a little bit better and change a few things . "  I will have a rest now and get myself ready to defend the U.S. Open . It will be my first time trying to defend a grand slam title so it will be a new pressure for me , a new experience and I look forward to it . " He better keep that alarm on .	Andy Murray describes last year 's Wimbledon defeat as "  worst of his career " Murray beat world No. 1 Novak Djokovic on Sunday to win 2013 men 's tournament The world No. 2 becomes the first British male to win singles title in 77 years Murray defends his U.S. Open title when the tournament begins next month
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Police on Thursday released a video showing officers arresting a 45-year-old New York woman at Phoenix 's Sky Harbor Airport just before she died while handcuffed in a holding cell . Video shows Carol Ann Gotbaum being arrested at a Phoenix airport shortly before she died while in custody . Authorities also gave a more complete account of Carol Ann Gotbaum 's arrest , detention and death September 28 . Police have said she apparently strangled herself as she tried to maneuver her way out of handcuffs that were secured behind her back . According to the police report , Gotbaum 's husband , Noah , called the airport several times that night , trying to reach his wife or the airport police , telling them they did n't know the circumstances involving his wife , whom he described as suicidal . Noah Gotbaum claimed his wife 's body in Phoenix Thursday after an autopsy . The body was set to be returned to New York on Thursday night , according to Michael Manning , a Phoenix attorney whom Gotbaum 's family has retained . Police said in a Wednesday statement they did attempt to calm an irate Gotbaum before arresting her . And they said they had no idea of her "  personal issues , " including that she was on her way to check into an alcohol treatment center . Watch Gotbaum appear to yell as officers handcuff her at the airport " Police spokesman Sgt. Andy Hill told reporters Thursday there were indications that alcohol may have played a role in the incident , although toxicology tests administered during the autopsy would determine that . Results of such tests typically take several weeks . Gotbaum , who was flying through Phoenix on her way to Tucson , became angry when she was denied access to her flight and argued with a gate attendant , police said . According to the police statement , Gotbaum "  became agitated and loud " and threw her hand-held PDA , which shattered after narrowly missing a person . She then left the gate area , but the gate attendant summoned police . The video showed Gotbaum after she apparently had just left the gate area . She was by herself , standing in the middle of a concourse , doubled over , and she seemed to be screaming . Although the video contained no audio , witnesses -- including a federal police officer -- said Gotbaum was "  screaming at the top of her lungs , ` I 'm not a terrorist , I 'm not a terrorist , ' " according to Sgt. Mike Polombo , who is investigating the incident . In the video , a Transportation Security Administration officer approached and spoke with Gotbaum , followed by three police officers . While speaking with them , Gotbaum waved her arms . She backed away from an officer who reached for her , and she became combative before dropping to the ground . As officers were on the ground with Gotbaum attempting to handcuff her , she continued to scream profanities , Polombo said . The video showed police eventually bringing Gotbaum to her feet and walking with her , although she continued to pull away . She can be seen locking her legs , forcing the officers to drag her . Officers did not need to use pepper spray or a Taser device on Gotbaum , Hill said . "  She did not bite or kick or hit any of the officers . She was just resisting -LSB- arrest -RSB- . " Gotbaum was placed in a holding room at the airport and searched by a female officer but "  continued to be uncooperative , " the police statement said . According to the 108-page police report on the incident , also released Thursday , Gotbaum told authorities she was a "  depressed , pathetic housewife . " "  In the holding room , there is a bench with an ` eyehook ' on it . The officers took a ` shackle , ' which is described as a metal chain , approximately 16 inches long , with a large ` handcuff ' on each side . The total length of the chain with handcuffs is approximately 24 inches , " the statement said . "  One of the handcuffs on the ` shackle ' was attached to the ` eyehook ' on the bench . The other handcuff of the shackle was attached to the chain of the handcuffs that were already on Ms. Gotbaum 's hands . "  So Ms. Gotbaum was handcuffed with her hands behind her back , and additionally those handcuffs were attached to a shackle that kept her attached to the bench . " Gotbaum was not deemed a threat to herself or others , the police statement said . If she had been , she would have been monitored by an officer . Phoenix police policy is that prisoners can be left alone in holding rooms as long as they are checked every 15 minutes . Hill told reporters Thursday that Gotbaum was left alone for six or eight minutes . Police previously had said it was 15 or 20 minutes . After officers left , she continued to scream , the police statement said . However , police checked on her when she fell silent and found her unconscious . Gotbaum was found sitting on the floor , with her head on the bench and the handcuffs under her chin , the police report said . "  Initial information ... indicated that Ms. Gotbaum had somehow worked the handcuffs to the front of her body , probably from under her legs , and had pulled the chain from the shackle across her neck area , " the statement said . Officers used CPR , a defibrillator and other measures in attempts to save her life . A police officer said in the police report that Gotbaum vomited while CPR was being performed on her and that when she did , he could smell alcohol . Gotbaum was pronounced dead by firefighters who arrived shortly afterward . "  Officers had no information ... that Ms. Gotbaum had traveled unescorted " from New York City to Phoenix "  in order to seek treatment for a substance abuse issue , " the statement said . "  The officers had no knowledge of any of Ms. Gotbaum 's personal issues . They had not been apprised of any calls from the family to the airport seeking to locate Ms. Gotbaum . " According to the police report , Noah Gotbaum called the airport communications division several times trying to reach the airport police or his wife , whom he described as suicidal . He told an operator that his wife got bumped off a flight , according to a transcript , and "  the last thing I heard was she was screaming into the telephone . " "  This is a medical emergency , " Noah Gotbaum said in another call . "  They 're not dealing with some lout who 's just drank too much on an airplane . That 's not what 's going on here . " Hill said Thursday that police are aware of no policy violations , but he said the incident remains under investigation , as any in-custody death would be . Manning has previously said Gotbaum had an "  emotional reaction " after she was not allowed to board her flight . He said the family has not decided whether to take legal action against police . It 's unclear why Gotbaum was not allowed to board the plane . About 200,000 people travel through Sky Harbor Airport daily , Hill said , and police receive three to five calls a day regarding irate passengers . However , he said , so far this year only 265 people have been arrested , 14 of them for disorderly conduct . The officers involved in the incident with Gotbaum "  are still very upset about what happened , " Hill said . "  They did everything they could to save Ms. Gotbaum . " Gotbaum , the mother of three young children , lived in New York . She was the daughter-in-law of longtime New York City public advocate Betsy Gotbaum , who called her "  a wonderful , wonderful person . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Husband called airport saying his wife was suicidal , police report says Video shows woman apparently yelling before officers approach her Several officers surround her , and she drops to the floor Carol Ann Gotbaum died in custody September 28
CNN  -- For five turbulent years , "  Breaking Bad " has charted the underworld rise and moral decline of Walter White , the mild-mannered Albuquerque chemistry teacher who evolves into a ruthless drug lord after being diagnosed with cancer . On Sunday , August 11 , after 54 increasingly dark chapters of the fearless AMC drama , we begin Walt 's final ride . It 's probably about time . It 's a testament to the power of "  Breaking Bad " that it keeps you invested in its characters even after some of them do horrible things . But it 's not easy to watch a gentle family man -- the goofy dad from "  Malcolm in the Middle ! " -- morph into a megalomaniacal monster . And the show ca n't sustain Walt 's high-wire act much longer without losing all plausibility . Among AMC 's marquee shows , "  Breaking Bad " has never attained the retro-chic cachet of "  Mad Men " or the big ratings of "  The Walking Dead . " But it 's won seven Emmys -- mostly acting nods for star Bryan Cranston and sidekick Aaron Paul -- and received widespread critical acclaim for its taut writing , vivid characters and inventive jolts of violence . 8 ways to get your ` Breaking Bad ' fix in Albuquerque Like "  The Sopranos " before it , the show is about a middle-aged father of two whose seemingly mundane suburban existence -- wife , kids , swimming pool -- conceals toxic secrets . In both shows , Walt and Tony Soprano must grapple with family tensions while keeping a tenuous grip on their criminal empires . Unlike Walt , however , Tony never developed the world 's most abominable mid-life crisis . One of the greatest strengths of "  Breaking Bad " is how its plotlines pit characters -- Walt , wife Skyler , meth-cook partner Jesse , DEA agent brother-in-law Hank and assorted drug-world bad guys -- against each other in a complex , ever-shifting geometry of alliances and manipulations . How will these machinations play out in the show 's final act ? We 're about to find out . Here are five questions "  Breaking Bad " fans may be pondering as the show begins its last eight episodes  SPOILER ALERT : Read no further if you 're not caught up  . What will Hank do now that he suspects Walt ? Federal agent Hank Schrader has long been obsessed with nailing his near-mythical "  Heisenberg , " the shadowy figure supplying crystal meth to most of the American Southwest . But he has no conclusive evidence against Walt , and his new chief suspect is married to the sister of Hank 's wife , who will not be pleased to see her family torn apart . Complicating things further : Unbeknownst to Hank , Walt 's drug money paid for Hank 's medical care after he was seriously wounded by members of a Mexican cartel . And it wo n't do wonders for Hank 's career when people discover his elusive meth king was right under his nose all along . Hank 's got to tread carefully here . What will become of Jesse ? When we last saw Jesse Pinkman , he had grown weary of the bloody criminal lifestyle and had parted ways with Walt . The street-smart , but emotionally fragile Jesse has somehow managed to retain his humanity amid the horrors engulfing him , and many viewers are rooting for him to find a new life . Will he reunite with ex-girlfriend Andrea and her son Brock ? Invest his drug money in a new venture ? Uncover Walt 's betrayals and seek vengeance ? Either way , Jesse would appear to deserve some redemption . Whether he gets it -- "  Breaking Bad " is rarely predictable -- is another question . How ` Breaking Bad ' should end , according to Bryan Cranston Can Skyler keep it together ? Oh , poor Skyler . She has witnessed her husband launch a secret life of crime without her knowledge , lie repeatedly , endanger her and their children and become a callous sociopath . She 's trapped in a horrific situation . No wonder she tried to drown herself in the backyard pool . But Skyler is also shrewd and resourceful . She knows she 's become complicit in Walt 's crimes , and that for the sake of her freedom and their kids she needs to keep his secret . Unless , of course , she finds some brilliant way to extricate herself . What was up with that flash-forward scene of Walt in the diner ? This prologue scene at the start of Season 5 sure offers some tantalizing clues . It takes place almost a year in the future , on Walt 's 52nd birthday . Walt has grown his hair back , although he coughs and pops some pills , suggesting his cancer may have returned . He is alone and seems paranoid , glancing about the diner anxiously before meeting his gun dealer and opening the trunk of a car to reveal a machine gun . Why does he need a machine gun ? Also , Walt shows the waitress a New Hampshire driver 's license with his photo and a fake name on it . Did he go underground and flee to New Hampshire ? And if so , why did he come back to New Mexico ? The episode is named after New Hampshire 's state slogan -- "  Live Free or Die . " Hmm . Read into that what you will . How will the series end ? In other words , will Walt die ? It would seem fitting , given how many other lives he 's cut short or ruined . A cancer relapse is possible , if not all that dramatic . Prison would be an anticlimax , and seeing him and his family survive intact , "  Sopranos " style , does n't seem realistic . There 's no shortage of people who might want to kill him : Jesse is probably the leading candidate here , although Hank or even Skyler could surprise us . Do the machine gun and the "  Scarface " scene foreshadow a last-stand shootout ? Will Walt finally sample his own product and die of a hugely ironic overdose ? Fake his own death and sneak off quietly to Vegas ? Series creator Vince Gilligan will likely opt for a climax that 's unexpected yet somehow makes sense . Gilligan told TV critics last month that "  I think most folks are going to dig the ending . " Let 's hope so . In eight more weeks , fans of "  Breaking Bad " will finally know everything .	The final eight episodes of acclaimed AMC drama "  Breaking Bad " begin Sunday The show is about a chemistry teacher who begins cooking meth after getting cancer Here are five questions fans are likely pondering as the show begins its final run
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States is providing weapons and ammunition to Somalia 's transitional government as it fights al Qaeda-linked Islamic militants , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said Thursday . Somali government soldiers , who are fighting Islamic militants , patrol Mogadishu . "  At the request of that government the State Department has helped to provide weapons and ammunition on an urgent basis , " he said . "  This is to support the Transitional Federal Government 's efforts to repel the onslaught of extremist forces which are intent on destroying the Djibouti peace process . " Kelly said the weapons shipments are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions , which ban some arms shipments to Somalia . There is growing concern that Somalia could be the next base for al Qaeda as U.S. forces pound their positions in Afghanistan and Pakistan . CIA Director Leon Panetta recently said that the intelligence agency is keeping tabs on the region as a possible destination for fleeing al Qaeda operatives . "  Our concern right now is that likely safe havens are areas in the Horn of Africa , like Somalia and Yemen , that are countries that because of their political status can be attractive to al Qaeda in order to operate there , " Panetta said earlier this month . "  We are focusing on those countries as well in order to ensure that there is no safe haven for al Qaeda as we continue to pressure them , continue to push them , and hopefully continue to make the effort to destroy them , not only in Pakistan but throughout the rest of the world . " Somalia is not new territory for al Qaeda , according to CNN 's terrorism analyst Peter Bergen . "  Al Qaeda was running training camps in Somalia in the early and mid-1990s , " he said . "  If this is now coming back , this is something that al Qaeda has already done and it 's worrisome for the future . ... "  The fact that we 're seeing evidence of this already happening in both Yemen and Somalia suggests that , A , the drone program in the tribal areas of Pakistan has been effective , but , B , you know it 's pushing al Qaeda into areas where they 'll build up larger operations . " Somalia recently called on its neighbors to send military forces to help government troops stop hard-line Islamist militants from taking over . The call for help came hours after a third top politician was killed this month in ongoing fighting . The deaths included Mogadishu 's police chief and Somalia 's internal security minister , who was killed in a suicide car bombing in the central city of Beledweyne . A Pakistani militant who is a high-ranking official in al Qaeda is leading the fighting in Somalia against the government , said Sheikh Adan Madowe , Somalia 's parliament speaker . Madowe warned that militants will spread fighting into the rest of the region if they topple the government in Somalia . The United States is concerned that Somalia 's weak government could fall to the Islamist insurgency , as it did in 2006 before Ethiopian forces ousted the militants from power later that year . "  We think this government ... represents Somalia 's best chance for peace , stability and reconciliation , " Kelly said Thursday . "  This government is the best chance they 've had in the last 18 years . " Somalia 's current President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed is a former member of the Islamic Courts Union , which took part in the 2006 coup . His decision to renounce the bloody insurgency and try to establish peace in Somalia has put him at odds with Islamist hard-liners who are still battling for control of Somalia . Residents and journalists in Mogadishu , Somalia 's capital , have reported seeing foreign fighters among Al-Shabaab , the radical Islamic militia that is battling to overthrow the weak transitional government . Those foreign fighters recently distributed recorded messages from al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden calling for the overthrow of the government . Al-Shabaab , also known as the Mujahideen Youth Movement , was officially designated as a terrorist organization by the United States in March 2008 . It is waging a war against Somalia 's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia .	State Department : Weapons for fighting al Qaeda-linked Islamic militants Weapons shipments are in accordance with U.N. Security Resolutions , Kelly says There is growing concern that Somalia could be the next base for al Qaeda
CNN  -- Family , friends and classmates turned to prayer and Facebook on Wednesday amid an ongoing search in upstate New York for a missing college student . Jenni-Lyn Watson , 20 , of Liverpool , was last seen Friday morning at her family 's home , said Sgt. Robert Marshall of the Onondaga County Sheriff 's Office . Watson was on a Thanksgiving break from Mercyhurst College in Erie , Pennsylvania . Liverpool is a suburb of Syracuse . "  This -LSB- disappearance -RSB- is extremely uncharacteristic for Jenni-Lynn , " said Marshall . Watson 's parents reported her missing Friday night . The college junior 's purse and other personal items were found at the home , but a Verizon LG enV3 phone is missing . One call was made on the phone from a heavily wooded area near other residences , said Marshall , who declined to provide details . The phone has since been turned off or is not operating , he said . Authorities are looking at records of Watson 's cell phone calls . "  We 're still looking at everything , " spokesman Sgt. John D'Eredita said Wednesday night . Detectives are following leads from numerous phone calls , but D'Eredita was not aware of any sightings of the young student . Authorities consider Watson 's disappearance a missing-person case , Marshall said . Detectives traveled to Mercyhurst , where they met with faculty and staff , the Onandaga County Sheriff 's Office said . Searchers had covered about 600 acres by Wednesday evening . Sheriff 's deputies are trying to identify the driver of a dark pickup truck that was seen near her residence the day Watson disappeared , D'Eredita said . Watson is described as 5 feet , 2 inches tall and weighing about 100 pounds . She has dirty blond hair and brown eyes . As of Wednesday afternoon , when simultaneous vigils were held for Watson , nearly 21,000 people had become members of a Facebook page about her disappearance . One of the church vigils was organized by the family ; the other was held in a chapel at Mercyhurst College , a Catholic institution . "  It was amazing today to see the turnout during fall break , " college spokeswoman Debbie Morton said of the vigil held there . About 200 people attended , including members of the football team , which has a NCAA Division II game this weekend . "  You felt overwhelming worry , but you still felt there was reason to hope , " Morton said . Watson is a dance major and ballet dancer at Mercyhurst . "  It is a highly disciplined area , " Morton said of Watson 's field of study . Authorities asked people with information to call 315-435-3081 . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities looking at cell phone records Simultaneous prayer vigils are held College student disappears while on Thanksgiving break Searchers are looking for Jenni-Lyn Watson near Syracuse , New York
CNN  -- If Paul Revere had owned a pair of sneakers , he undoubtedly would have laced up and gone on a midnight run instead of a midnight ride through the streets of Boston . Boston is sneaker city , especially this year , on the heels of the Boston Marathon bombing anniversary . Everybody is a runner -- in reality or in spirit . Turn a corner in this handsome , historic town , and you 'll stumble upon at least one -- usually a pack -- of neon-garbed runners navigating their way through Boston 's cobblestone streets and parks . You can improvise and create your own running route or follow one of these five running pathways -- some for nature lovers , others giving a nod to Boston 's storied past . Whichever route you choose , you 'll be swept up by "  Boston Strong " -- the slogan for a proud town with running in its DNA . Boston is also a town that likes to celebrate its running , so we have suggestions later for where to hoist an after-run brew . On your mark , get set , go The Charles River/Esplanade : This popular running route loops around the Charles River , taking in Cambridge and Boston . You 'll have opportunities to cross several footbridges and other spans , including the BU Bridge , the Longfellow Bridge and the Mass Ave Bridge , depending on how far you want to run . On the Cambridge side of the river , you can dash by the Museum of Science , cross over the Longfellow Bridge and run along the Esplanade , passing the Hatch Shell where the Boston Pops perform on July 4 . For a 4-mile loop , cross the Mass Ave Bridge to Cambridge , run along the Charles , cross over Longfellow Bridge , back along the Esplanade in Boston . Or , go for it , and run the entire 17-mile path all the way out to neighboring Watertown . Emerald Necklace : Frederick Law Olmsted of Central Park fame designed this gem , a lanky chain of nine green parks that stretches for more than seven miles covering 1,200 miles of parkland , including the flowery Arnold Arboretum . The Emerald Necklace begins at Boston Common in the heart of downtown , and dangles to Franklin Park  home to a zoo  . Along the way , expect plenty of shade from tree-lined paths , some hilly , mostly paved . Run the whole stretch or just sections ; the "  T " , Boston 's subway , has stops along the way .  emeraldnecklace.org Castle Island : This South Boston  Southie  loop has a lot going for it -- historical Fort Independence , ocean breezes and views of Boston , the Boston Harbor Islands and planes coming in for a landing at nearby Logan Airport . The run is a 3-mile loop or , for a 7-mile loop , include a run around the ` Sugar Bowl "  manmade Pleasure Bay  , which is connected to Castle Island . Chestnut Hill Reservoir : Another beauty designed by Olmsted , this 1.6-mile trail hugs the reservoir in Cleveland Circle , on the outskirts of Boston , and is a nature nut 's nirvana -- serene water vistas , wildlife and inspiring sunrises and sunsets . If you 're ambitious , run up nearby Heartbreak Hill , the appropriately named hill that 's a game-changer for many runners in the Boston Marathon . To get here , take the "  T " to Cleveland Circle . The Freedom Trail Run : Sightseeing with a twist , this 5K run begins at Boston Common and takes you along the famed Freedom Trail , stopping at 16 sites along the way including Paul Revere 's house and the Granary Burial Ground  John Hancock , Samuel Adams , Revere and other notable Bostonians are buried here . An easy , breezy way to get in your run -- and see the sights , too . The run ends at Charlestown Navy Yard where runners get a complimentary sports drink and board the inner harbor ferry for a ride back to Boston .  freedomtrailrun.com A leg up on after-run refreshments Aw , Shucks : Belly up to the oyster bar at Union Oyster House , Boston 's oldest restaurant , where Paul Revere and the Founding Fathers tied one on and slurped oysters . Or , head upstairs to settle into a booth . True , this is a tourist 's bucket list spot , but also a fun spot to channel history and grab a post-run beverage , oysters and a meal .  unionoysterhouse.com Home run : One of Boston 's many Irish pubs , McGreevy 's is especially popular for sports fans and music lovers  it 's home base for Celtic punk band , Dropkick Murphys .  Expect a fun-loving scene , with floor-to-ceiling windows that open onto Boylston Street in nice weather . If you love baseball as much as running , this bar has a huge Red Sox following -- after all , it claims to be 1,200 steps from Fenway Park and channels Red Sox history with memorabilia .  mcgreevysboston.com Run and a pint : Another Irish pub , not far from MIT in Cambridge , Asgard is a popular runner 's cool-down bar , especially after a nearby Charles River run . Sit at one of the wooden communal tables or pull up a seat on the outside patio .  classicirish.com Jog your memory : You 've exercised your body , now grab a beer and flex your mind at Mass Ave Tavern . Casual and friendly , with an entire wall of board games  Scrabble , anyone ?  , this downtown location is a popular spot for runner group meet-ups . Bonus : After a weekend run , push the limit and take the all-you-can-eat Uncle Buck Pancake Challenge .  massavetavern.com These pretzels are making me thirsty : Harpoon Brewery & Beer Hall , located in the Seaport district , near South Boston , is a popular post-run drinking spot  think communal tables , pints and handmade pretzels with fun dipping sauces . Harpoon serves about 20 beers , including a Harpoon IPA and , just in time for summer , the UFO Big Squeeze , a grapefruit Shandy . The brewery also sponsors the annual Harpoon 5-Miler running race .  harpoonbrewery.com	Boston is a running town with plenty of scenic trails On Monday , Boston will host millions of Boston Marathon runners These five trails are great for a more leisurely run
CNN  -- Arsenal fought back from going two goals behind to draw 2-2 at home to holders Barcelona in a classic Champions League quarterfinal that more than lived up to all its expectations . Barcelona tore into their opponents in the opening 20 minutes , with only goalkeeper Manuel Almunia standing in their way . On at least three occasions , Spaniard Almunia stopped his compatriots with world class saves , preventing Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Lionel Messi and Pedro from getting on the scoresheet . That enabled Arsenal to go into half-time on level terms , but that was to end just 30 seconds after the break when a long ball caught out the home defence and with Almunia coming , and failing , to get the ball , Ibrahimovic coolly lobbed the ball home . And the Swedish striker doubled that advantage 13 minutes later when another long pass caught Arsenal square , allowing the former Inter Milan striker to fire home from an acute angle . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger decided to bring on winger Theo Walcott , and the England international went on to change the game with his stunning pace . Just 10 minutes after going 2-0 behind , Walcott cut inside from the right wing , after being put through by Nicklas Bendtner , before sliding the ball past visiting goalkeeper Victor Valdes to bring Arsenal back into the game . Then , with the clock showing five minutes left to play , a superb Arsenal move resulted in captain Cesc Fabregas being bundled over by his opposite number Carlos Puyol in the penalty area . Puyol was sent off for the challenge , which deprived Fabregas of a goal-scoring opportunity , and the Arsenal No. 4 dusted himself down to fire home the resulting spot-kick against the club where he started his career and is constantly being linked with regarding a possible return to the Nou Camp . Fabregas , who was rated only 50-50 to play in the match because of a knee injury , finished the match limping heavily but a yellow card he picked up in the first half means he will miss the return leg regardless of whether he is fit or not . A thrilling encounter also saw Arsenal lose both William Gallas and Andrey Arshavin through injuries , while Barca defender Gerard Pique also collected a booking which means he joins Puyol and Fabregas in missing the Nou Camp clash . Meanwhile , former Arsenal hero Thierry Henry , who is the Gunners ' record goal scorer after eight sensational years with the club , was given a heroes reception by the home fans for his first return since leaving London for Barcelona in 1997 . Although happy with the draw , Wenger was annoyed with the manner that the two goals were conceded . He told ITV Sport : "  We had a difficult start and Barcelona could have scored two or three goals in the opening 20 minutes when we lost the ball too cheaply . "  But my players kept going and both sides missed chances . We played against a great side tonight but gave away two very cheap goals which is really beyond my understanding . " The winners of the tie will face either Inter Milan or CSKA Moscow in the semifinals and Italian champions Inter hold a slender advantage after winning the first leg 1-0 at the San Siro . A largely disappointing match was settled in the 65th minute when Wesley Sneijder found Diego Milito , and the Argentine striker found the bottom corner of the net with a shot from the edge of the area .	Arsenal fight back to earn a 2-2 home draw with Barcelona after going 2-0 down Captain Cesc Fabregas scores a late penalty to complete the Arsenal comeback Diego Milito scores the only goal as Inter Milan defeat CSKA Moscow 1-0
CNN  -- Two children and one adult were killed Friday after a man with a painted face launched a knife attack at a children 's daycare center in Belgium . Police look at a hearse parked in front of the childcare centre in Dendermonde where the attack took place . Officials said two adults and 10 children , some of whom were in a critical condition , were being treated in hospital following the attack in Dendermonde , 25 kilometers  16 miles  northwest of Brussels . "  The guy just went crazy , " local official Theo Janssens said , according to Agence France-Presse news agency . He was arrested an hour and a half afterwards , according to the Interior Ministry . Reports said he was trying to make his escape on a bicycle . The attacker entered the day care center in Dendermonde , about 16 miles northwest of Brussels , around 10 a.m.  4 a.m. ET  and began stabbing children and staff , the ministry said . Local journalist Bart Bekaert told CNN that the attacker 's face was painted black and white . Hear Bekaert describe the attack " "  Witnesses say he looked calm . There was no security and he just walked straight in , " he added . AFP reported that the man was not known to staff at the nursery . "  You do n't expect such acts happening in a daycare center , " Dendermonde deputy prosecutor Jan Kerkhofs told CNN . "  It is not like a prison so there are no bars on the doors or security systems . "	2 children , 1 adult killed in knife attack at creche , Belgian Interior Ministry says Three others reported seriously injured in attack in town of Dendermonde Attacker "  had painted face , " local journalist tells CNN
CNN  -- In the 1950s , I was almost gang-molested by a group of male fellow high school students . The incident took place one afternoon in the basement basketball court of the nearby Catholic church , of which I was a member . I had recently invited one member of the group to what I thought was an innocent get-together at a local square dance . I supposed later that they thought "  I wanted it . " As I remember the incident , after some friendly play in the gym , the guys  four of them  turned on me , holding the ball as if I were the basket . The look on their faces terrified me . I ducked under their outstretched arms and ran , all the way home without looking back . I never mentioned the incident until 1983 , when I spoke at a rally supporting a student of mine who was gang-raped at a fraternity party . The rape case unraveling in Steubenville , Ohio , brought back memories of my own frightening experience . I did n't know what was happening that day when the four young men began looking at me differently . I only knew that I had to get away as soon as possible . In the Steubenville case , a girl purportedly passed out and was allegedly sexually assaulted by two young men on the high school football team while others watched . What strikes me about the incident is that it demonstrates a split in the boy rape-prone sexual culture . Some young men continue to believe that when a girl gets drunk , staging a sexual spectacle for their mates is part of a night 's fun . They do n't think of it as rape . Some of their buddies , however , disagree . In their transition to manhood , they are able to name rape when they see it . This split opinion is illustrated in the video posted a few days ago by Anonymous showing a young man -- presumably an eyewitness -- egged on by others , telling his version of what happened . The video footage is disturbing , to say the least . He repeats in a litany format that the girl is dead . However , he does n't mean lifeless , except in the sense that she is n't moving . "  How do you feel on a dead girl ? " he asks someone in the room . He describes her as "  deader than a doornail . " When asked "  How do you know she 's dead ? " he answers that she is dead because she is n't moving . He then goes on to describe how dead : "  Deader than Andy Reid 's son ... deader than Chris Henry ... deader than OJ 's wife ... deader than f *** ing JFK ... deader than Trayvon Martin . " In other words , made only for use by men . In the cacophony of voices spurring him on , one hears the word "  rape " from one or two other voices . One says , "  This is not funny , " only to be drowned out by the laughter of the main speaker and those supporting him . When asked "  What if that was your daughter ? " he answers , "  If that was my daughter , I would n't care . I 'd just let her be dead . " Besides , he says , "  Is it really rape because you do n't know if she wanted to or not , " the teenager says on the video . "  She might have wanted to . " In response , the onlooker says , "  You are sick . " What happened in Steubenville that night in August seems to suggest that some sort of sexual assault took place , at least from this eyewitness account if the video is verified to be authentic . Most rape laws in the U.S. state that sexual activity on a person who is incapacitated or unable to consent constitutes rape . One of the clauses of the Ohio law states that sexual activity is not permissible when "  the other person 's ability to resist or consent is substantially impaired because of a mental or physical condition or because of advanced age , and the offender knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the other person 's ability to resist or consent is substantially impaired because of a mental or physical condition or because of advanced age . " The girl 's incapacity comes not just from the multiple mentions of her being dead in the video . There is also possibly a photo of her being dragged along held by her wrists and ankles by two boys . In the United States , surveys administered from the early 1980s to the present indicate that 20 % to 25 % of female students say they have experienced nonconsensual sex by the age of 21 . Every year , a high-profile case of gang rape appears in the news . With each new report , many Americans react with shock . Confronted with such cases , many explain it away , thinking or actually saying "  she wanted it . " Why do we think this way ? Doing so is behind the strange idea of "  legitimate rape . " When will our sexual culture change so that an inebriated girl  or boy  is protected rather than abused ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy R. Sanday .	A video shows boys talking about the alleged rape in Steubenville , Ohio Peggy Sanday : Incident demonstrates a split in the boy rape-prone sexual culture She says some boys stage a sexual spectacle for their mates as part of a night 's fun Sanday : Other boys are able to name rape when they see it , as some do in the video
CNN  -- World heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko knocked out U.S. challenger Eddie Chambers with five seconds remaining in the 12th and final round to defend his IBF , WBO and IBO titles . The Saturday bout in Duesseldorf , Germany , was the 33-year-old Ukrainian 's fifth defense of his WBO and IBF titles . Chambers went down for at least two minutes after receiving Klitschko 's left hook to the right temple , according to CNNSI 's Bryan Armen Graham round-by-round blog of the fight . Read Graham 's account of the fight . Early in the fight Chambers -- at 209 pounds  94.8 kg  , 36 pounds  16.3 kg  lighter than Klitschko 's 245  111.1 kg  -- lifted his opponent into the air twice , dumping him onto the canvas . Chambers had managed to outmaneuver Klitschko 's punches until the end despite being outmatched . Chambers won some extra recovery time after getting his broken right glove replaced in the 10th round . The 8-to-1 favorite Klitschko 's win is his 12th straight successful title defense . He has has n't lost a fight in nearly six years . His brother Vitali is the WBC heavyweight champion . CNNSI 's Bryan Armen Graham contributed to this report .	Chambers goes down for at least two minutes after left hook to right temple Chambers , at 209 pounds  94.8 kg  is 36 pounds  16.3 kg  lighter than Klitschko Klitschko was an 8-to-1 favorite He has n't lost a fight in nearly six years
Washington  CNN  -- A liberal advocacy group is blaming Republicans for the Ebola crisis in a new ad that will first air on TV in Kentucky next weekend . The Agenda Project released an ad online late Sunday that interlaces self-described "  disturbing footages of the Ebola outbreak " with a mash-up of top Republicans -- including those tied up in crucial midterm contests and potential 2016 candidates -- saying the word "  cut . " The ad describes how the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention saw its discretionary funding cut by $ 585 million from 2010 to 2014 and the National Institute for Health has faced $ 446 million in cuts during the same period . The group plans to continue to play up public fears over the Ebola virus in the final weeks leading up to the midterms and will modify the ad with state-specific versions to hit Republican Senate candidates like Iowa 's Joni Ernst and North Carolina 's Thom Tillis who want to cut federal government spending , the group 's founder and president Erica Payne said . Payne called the ad an "  indictment " of Republican policies that have "  led directly to thousands of deaths overseas " and said the ad is not "  sensationalized " or "  aggressive . " "  People should be deathly afraid of Republican policies , " Payne said in an interview Monday , adding that the link between the Ebola crisis and the Republican focus on cutting government spending is "  really straightforward . " Complete coverage of the Ebola outbreak Responding to the ad , a spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee said the best way to fix the federal government is to remove "  Democrats from the driver 's seat in the Senate . " "  It 's odd in that the Democrats blaming Washington for Ebola have controlled Washington for the last six years , " he said . Both the CDC and NIH were impacted by the sequester , across-the-board spending cuts that went into effect in 2013 when Republicans and Democrats in Congress could not come to an agreement on specific cuts that would offset the automatic slashing . The ad , "  Republican Cuts Kill , " ties Republicans to the Ebola outbreak , which has killed more than 4,000 people in West Africa , but only one person in the United States . Payne said that there 's "  no question " that the Ebola death on U.S. soil would not have happened if Republicans were n't so focused on cutting government spending . "  These people 's anti-government fever has reached such a level that it is damaging to our country 's ability to deal with this kind of issue , " Payne said . "  We 're here because of them . " The ad , which the group said will make its debut on Kentucky airwaves this weekend , opens with a clip of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who would likely become majority leader if Republicans take back the Senate next month . "  Washington actually can cut spending , " McConnell says at the start of the ad . McConnell is n't the only Senate contender featured in the ad . Reps. Bill Cassidy and Tom Cotton , who are vying to unseat the Democratic incumbent in Louisiana and Arkansas , respectively , also pop up in the spot . Ebola becomes an election issue Pat Roberts , the senator from Kansas who is facing independent businessman Greg Orman , also flashes across the screen . The group plans to expand the ad to high airwaves in Senate races in South Dakota , North Carolina , Iowa and Kansas , Payne said . And the liberal group also attacks potential 2016 presidential contenders , with Govs. Rick Perry and Chris Christie , Sens. Rand Paul and Marco Rubio as well as Reps. Paul Ryan and Michele Bachmann making an appearance alongside clips documenting the Ebola outbreak . Paul 's spokesman , Brian Darling , blasted the Agenda Project for being "  a shadowy group of progressive political hit men " and said they "  should be ashamed of themselves for blaming a whole political party for the Ebola virus . " The organization itself is no stranger to controversy having been behind the 2011 ad that appears to show Rep. Paul Ryan  R-Wis .  pushing an elderly woman in an wheelchair off a cliff . The ad is n't the first time midterm politics have gotten an injection of Ebola . Republican candidate for Senate in New Hampshire Scott Brown also used the deadly disease to attack incumbent Sen. Jeanne Shaheen for not securing the U.S. 's southern border . GOP stokes border fears over Ebola , ISIS Tillis also said the U.S. should tighten border security to prevent an Ebola outbreak in the U.S. in a debate last week against Sen. Kay Hagan . Arkansas Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor also made Ebola the focus of an ad attacking his challenger , Rep. Tom Cotton , for voting against a pandemic preparedeness bill .  Cotton actually voted for the final version of the bill . Sen. Bob Casey , a Pennsylvania Democrat , said Monday on CNN the public health system needs more resources to confront Ebola and that Congress should have never cut public health funding over the last several years . "  Especially when it comes to public health , sequestration is a bad idea and should be repealed , " Casey said . "  Congress has to take responsibility for a program that needs a lot more funding . " Democratic senator ca n't judge Obama 's Ebola handling Congress will debate and vote on the budget for the next fiscal year in the coming weeks , which Casey called "  an opportunity in the Congress to get this right . " He is calling for adding at least $ 120 million to the public health budget . Rep. Chris Van Hollen , a Democrat from Maryland , also linked spending cuts and the Ebola outbreak in an interview with CNN on Thursday . "  There 's no doubt the deep health care cuts that we 've seen have made it more difficult to respond in a rapid and comprehensive way to the Ebola outbreak , " Van Hollen said . "  The cuts they 've seen in past years , they were like eroding the foundation and it clearly meant that they were starting from behind , " And Anthony Fauci , director of the NIH 's National Insitutte of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said during a recent Congressional hearing that spending cuts have had "  a significant impact on us " that has "  eroded our ability to respond in the way that I and my colleagues would like to see us be able to respond to these emerging threats . " Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	The liberal advocacy group mixes footage of the Ebola outbreak with Republicans saying the word "  cut " . The group 's president blamed Republicans for the Ebola crisis and "  thousands of deaths " . The group is planning to run the ad in states with competitive 2014 Senate races .
CNN  -- Portugal declared three days of national mourning Monday amid fears the death toll from devastating floods and mudslides on the island of Madeira could rise above 42 . Search teams have been working to find more victims after floodwaters caused by heavy rains swamped the capital Funchal , unleashing a torrent of mud that swept away homes , roads and trees . At least 120 people were injured . Rescuers were trying to drain a two-story undergound car park at a shopping center where many people are thought to have become trapped . Rescuers feared were that when rains started on Saturday many people may have rushed to retrieve their cars , but ended up trapped in the car park , CNN 's Portuguese affiliate , RTP state TV , reported . Flags were flying at half staff on government buildings in Lisbon in respect of the victims . European Commission President Jose Manuel Durao Barroso was due there later Monday to give a news conference describing what assistance the European Union can offer to Portugal . Madeira-born footballer Cristiano Ronaldo also paid tribute to the victims as his team Real Madrid played Villarreal on Sunday . He lifted his jersey after scoring a goal to reveal a white T-shirt with "  Madeira " written on it . Ronaldo wrote on his blog later that he was "  incredulous , shocked and dismayed " by the disaster , and offered his assistance . The mayor of Funchal , Miguel Alburquerque , has warned it was "  very probable " the toll will rise . "  Our main concern is for the damaged and flooded homes , the cars buried and swept away by water , where we fear we will find new bodies , " he told the Jornal de Madeira newspaper , according to Agence France-Presse . Rescuers were still hunting for other people believed missing in the deluge as efforts to clear up got under way . Authorities said about 250 people had been evacuated to military bases and other safe locations . Pedro Barbosa of the Civil Protection Agency told CNN all the damage occurred in just a few hours Saturday morning due to "  very concentrated , very intense " rains that sparked flooding and mudslides . The mudslides and flooding damaged roads and homes in Funchal , and in Ribeira Brava , which are both on the southern portion of the Atlantic island . Madeira , an autonomous region of Portugal , is a popular resort destination . There have been no reports of any dead or missing tourists . Barbosa said Saturday 's heavy rains were the worst in Madeira since 1993 , when a storm killed eight people . Madeira is one of the Madeira Islands , an archipelago about 600 miles  1,000 kilometers  southwest of the Portuguese mainland . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report .	Portugal announces three days of mourning to victims of floods on island of Madeira Madeira-born footballer Cristiano Ronaldo also paid tribute to victims At least 42 people killed , 120 injured in disaster Hundreds of residents were evacuated to military bases and other safe locations
New York  CNN  -- Philip Seymour Hoffman was mourned in New York on Friday with a star-studded private funeral attended by family and close friends . In the late morning , friends of one of the greatest actors of his generation began streaming through the bronze doors of the Church of St. Ignatius Loyola on Park Avenue , the 116-year-old landmark that hosted the funerals of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and Lena Horne . A black hearse pulled up to the church shortly after noon Friday as a couple of dozen fans and mourners gathered nearby to pay their respects . Six pallbearers carried Hoffman 's coffin into the church 's Baroque-style interior , where friends such as Cate Blanchett , Meryl Streep , Louis C.K. , ABC News anchor Diane Sawyer and director husband Mike Nichols , Joaquin Phoenix , Amy Adams , Brian Dennehy , Michelle Williams and others awaited . Nichols directed Hoffman in his acclaimed portrayal of Willy Loman in "  Death of a Salesman " on Broadway . Hoffman and Blanchett co-starred in "  The Talented Mr. Ripley . " Phoenix appeared with him in "  The Master . " Hoffman 's longtime partner , Mimi O'Donnell , held their young daughter atop the church 's marble stairs as traffic was momentarily halted on Park Avenue and quiet enveloped the normally bustling thoroughfare . At about 1:30 p.m. , pallbearers in black suits emerged from the church with Hoffman 's coffin , carrying it to a hearse as O'Donnell and the couple 's children stood at the top of the stairs . Hoffman 's mother , Marilyn O'Connor , stood behind O'Donnell . The Oscar-winning actor was found dead in his Manhattan apartment Sunday of an apparent drug overdose , law enforcement sources said . Hoffman , 46 , was found on the bathroom floor of his apartment , a needle in his arm . He was pronounced dead at the scene . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs , the sources said . On Tuesday , police arrested four people in connection with the drugs found in Hoffman 's apartment and recovered 350 small plastic bags of what is believed to be heroin . The district attorney 's office declined to prosecute one suspect . Two others were released pending court appearances . A fourth suspect , Robert Vineberg , charged with a felony count of criminal possession of a controlled substance , pleaded not guilty . He is due to appear in court February 14 . A spokeswoman for the New York medical examiner 's office said Wednesday a determination of the cause and manner of Hoffman 's death is pending further study , including toxicology reports . A larger memorial service is being planned for later this month . On Thursday night , family and close friends attended a private wake at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home . The night before , Broadway honored Hoffman by dimming its marquee lights for a minute and fellow actors held a vigil . Hoffman , who was nominated for Academy Awards four times , won the Oscar for best actor in 2006 for his portrayal of writer Truman Capote in "  Capote . " He earned Academy Award nominations for roles in "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " "  Doubt , " and "  The Master . "	Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman mourned privately by family and friends Funeral attended by Cate Blanchett , Louis C.K. , Diane Sawyer , Mike Nichols , others Hoffman , 46 , died Sunday of an apparent heroin overdose
CNN  -- Edgar Hernandez did n't expect to learn that he was pre-diabetic at age 16 . When his mother burst into tears at the doctor 's office , it hit him hard . He was 370 pounds and could n't stand to look at himself . It was tough being a fat kid , but things became unbearable in high school . Edgar was seeing a therapist for depression symptoms . He was frequently bullied in gym class . Kids would point at his "  fat wobbling everywhere , " especially as he struggled to keep up . "  I tried my best to ignore it . But there were times when I just gave in and started crying , " said Edgar , who lives in a suburb of St. Louis and is now 18 . Everyone in his family had a weight problem ; his parents developed type 2 diabetes in their forties . But Edgar was the biggest . "  He would eat two really big burritos or sandwiches a day , packed with cheese , sour cream , a lot of bread , butter , " his older brother Mario said . "  He would be watching TV , playing video games . " After receiving the sobering blood test result at the doctor 's office , Edgar went home and cried . And then something new happened : He owned up to his weight problem . "  It was time to stop blaming others for my choices and make a choice to take responsibility , " he said . He dried his tears , threw on his jacket and began jogging . He only got about half a mile before he stopped and threw up . That was a year and a half ago . Edgar , who is 5-foot-9 , went on to drop nearly 200 pounds . He now weighs 185 pounds . He has traded his double-XL shirts and size 48 pants for medium T-shirts and 33-inch pants . It happened slowly at first . After that gut-impulse jog in November 2012 , Edgar started walking before or after school . As he could , he added distance until he was walking about two miles a day . He started to incorporate running intervals until , months later , he could run a full mile . The weight began to come off , but the teen was n't seeing as much progress as he had hoped . It was his older brother , Mario , who helped him kick the weight loss into high gear . Mario , who carried 235 pounds on his 5-foot-7 frame , was inspired by Edgar 's will to change . He took Edgar to the grocery store and together they overhauled the family 's pantry . Chicken breasts and fresh produce replaced the processed foods and sodas that were once the staple at home , Mario said . Edgar 's typical breakfast became a peanut butter sandwich with honey and banana slices . Dinners usually featured a chicken breast with two cups of broccoli . He did n't have a specific diet or calorie count ; it was all about portion sizes , the teen said . The brothers became each other 's support . They started running together in January 2013 , buying sweatpants and thermal gear to keep them warm in the Illinois weather . Mario has lost 70 pounds and continues to run alongside his brother , Edgar said . The brothers , who live at home with their parents , have seen their weight loss inspire some changes for the whole family , Mario said . The family has cut down on eating out -- once every couple of weeks , as opposed to four to five times a week . "  As a family , we go outside more , walk a little more . It shows because we have a lot more energy , " Mario said . "  Even though other members have n't lost as much weight , maybe five pounds , you can see it in their faces . " These days , Edgar ca n't get enough of running . His favorite activities are heavy cardio and weightlifting . The teen even ran his first half-marathon in April , and he 's planning another one soon . "  Running is what made me feel happy ; I had gotten what they call ` runner 's high ' and now running has become a lifestyle , " he said . Edgar has also found his calling in his new healthy lifestyle . He will start college at Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville in the fall and plans to study exercise science . For Mario , watching his little brother shed the pounds at such a young age has been a source of pride . "  If you would have told me three years ago that he 'd be running a half-marathon , I would n't believe you , " Mario said . "  You see a completely different person that 's a lot happier , has more energy and is more active . " Edgar could n't agree more . "  I would n't even step out my door to get the mail before , " he said . "  People do n't see the dark , sad side of me anymore . They see a bright , happy kid . " For the people out there looking to lose weight , the teenager has the following advice : Do n't put it off . If you say you 're going to run , do it today , not tomorrow . "  Do n't wait , because it will get worse , " he said . "  You 'll start putting it off until something serious happens and when something serious happens , it will change your life . " Visit Edgar Hernandez 's Facebook page or on Twitter @RunWithEdgar to follow his journey .	Edgar Hernandez learned he was pre-diabetic at 16 The teenager went from a 48-inch waist to a 33-inch waist Edgar has lost almost 200 pounds and inspired his brother to drop 70 pounds Running is the teen 's favorite activity these days
CNN  -- The family of accused killer and kidnapper Adam Mayes , who was placed on the FBI 's "  10 Most Wanted " list , has sent his body to the University of Tennessee , Knoxville , where students will use it for research and educational purposes , officials said . Charges added for mom in Bain kidnapping Mayes ' body had been with the Mississippi State Medical Examiner 's Office since early May , when he killed himself . The body was picked up from there and delivered to the university 's forensic department on Thursday , said Mark Golding , medical examiner in Union County , Mississippi . Mayes ' body will not be identifiable to students because each body is assigned a number , according to William Bass , a retired professor at the school . Authorities allege that Mayes , 35 , killed Jo Ann Bain , 31 , and her eldest daughter , 14-year-old Adrienne , on April 27 at their home in Whiteville , Tennessee . He then abducted Bain 's younger daughters , 12-year-old Alexandria and 8-year-old Kyliyah , who were missing for two weeks . After being cornered in Mississippi by authorities , Mayes shot himself in the head and died . The girls survived . Both his mother , Mary Frances Mayes , and ex-wife , Teresa Ann Mayes , are accused of helping Mayes . His ex-wife is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of especially aggravating kidnapping . His mother faces charges of especially aggravating kidnapping and conspiracy to commit especially aggravated kidnapping .	Adam Mayes is accused of killing a woman and her daughter He also abducted two girls , authorities allege Cornered , Mayes shot himself in the head and died
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- Eyewitnesses in the embattled Libyan city of Misrata reported especially intense shelling by Moammar Gadhafi 's forces overnight -- the heavy fire picking up at about the same time reports came out that one of the leader 's son was killed in a NATO airstrike . "  There 's been continuous and heavy shelling for three hours straight , " said one man , talking to CNN from about three miles from Misrata 's city center Sunday . "  There have been a lot of explosions . " Heavy gun and artillery fire could also be heard early Sunday throughout Benghazi , which is the hub for rebel forces and their transitional government . The eyewitness in Misrata , the country 's third-largest city , speculated that the intensified attacks were tied directly to reports that Saif al-Arab Gadhafi , the sixth of Moammar 's eight children , died in an attack on his Tripoli home . He said there was significant damage and some casualties , though there were only rebel forces and none aligned with Gadhafi in the city itself . Government spokesman Musa Ibrahim said that several of the Libyan leader 's grandchildren also died in the attack , though Moammar Gadhafi and his wife -- both of whom were in the residence when it was hit -- are unhurt . "  It 's going to be like revenge , " said the witness in Misrata , who supports the opposition , of the intensified attacks . These stepped-up , continuous attacks were reported early Sunday , about a full day after Moammar Gadhafi 's latest diatribe that called for a negotiated end to NATO airstrikes and included threats to Italy . During his rambling 45-minute speech , he urged NATO to negotiate an end to airstrikes , accusing the international coalition of killing civilians and destroying the nation 's infrastructure in a bid to take over its oil production . "  Come and negotiate with us . You are the ones attacking us . You are the ones terrifying our kids and destroying our infrastructure . You American , French and British come and negotiate with us , " Gadhafi said on Libyan state TV . The Libyan leader remained defiant , as he sharply criticized those behind the attacks and questioned their intent . "  What are you trying to do ? Trying to take the oil ? " he said . "  The Libyan people will not allow you ... The oil is under control of the Libyan government and for the people . " He called on the United Nations to review the NATO attacks , saying his country agreed to a cease-fire . "  We are the first ones who wanted and agreed on a cease-fire . But the NATO crusader airstrike did not cease , " he said . "  It can not be a cease-fire from one side . " Hours later but before reports of Saif al-Arab Gadhafi 's death , the head of NATO rebuffed the Libyan leader 's comments , insisting that the mission to target his forces will continue as long as civilians remain under fire . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen "  reject  ed  any threat against Italy or any other ally , " while vowing that the coalition would continue to pursue its mission . "  The Gadhafi regime continues to cause widespread suffering through its attacks on the Libyan population . Quite simply , this must stop , " Rasmussen said in a statement . "  NATO remains firm -- we will continue our operation until the threat to the civilian population of Libya is removed . " The airstrikes started after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution authorizing any means necessary to protect civilians demanding the ouster of the ruler , who has been in power for nearly 42 years . From the time NATO began its operation on March 31 , the organization had conducted 4,398 sorties , of which 1,821 were strike sorties , according to an update issued Saturday . Facilities in or around Tripoli , Zintan , al-Brega and Sirte were targeted on Friday , it said . Shortly after Gadhafi 's speech , a NATO spokeswoman called for actions , not words , in expressing skepticism the Libyan leader could be trusted to follow through on his pledges . "  The regime has announced cease-fires several times before and continued attacking cities and civilians , " NATO deputy spokeswoman Carmen Romero said in a statement . "  Just hours before Col. Gadhafi spoke of a truce , his forces indiscriminately shelled Misrata , killing many people , including children . His forces tried to mine the port to block the access of humanitarian aid to the beleaguered civilians of Misrata . All this has to stop , and it has to stop now . " A spokesman for the Libyan opposition accused Gadhafi of lying and trying to play both sides . "  He 's playing both parts . He 's buying time at the same time projecting himself as somebody who 's trying to find a solution to this problem , while the reality on the ground is he is the one who 's seeking to kill and carry out all kind of crimes against the Libyan people , " said Jalal al Gallal . "  The man has no credibility anymore , " he added . This back-and-forth came as eyewitnesses reported difficult conditions in Misrata , amid intense shelling and blockage of any assistance . Ibrahim said no ships can "  dock at the port without being inspected by the Libyan government , " saying any aid must go through designated land routes . The Libyan governmentthreatened to sink any ship approaching the besieged port city of Misrata . The declaration essentially threatens NATO patrols and humanitarian aid ships that have been bringing in food and medical supplies , and ferrying out refugees and the wounded . This threat came shortly after NATO said it intercepted government forces laying mines in Misrata 's harbor , which has been a lifeline for humanitarian aid . At least nine people were killed and 30 more wounded in Friday 's attacks in Misrata , said a doctor , who is a member of the medical committee in the city . "  There is an indiscriminate shelling now in Misrata , " said the doctor , who asked not to be identified because he feared retribution by Gadhafi 's forces . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Frederik Pleitgen , Kareem Khadder and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Witnesses report heavy fire from Gadhafi forces in Misrata and Benghazi NEW : One man thinks it is "  revenge " for a strike killing one of Gadhafi 's sons NATO 's leader reaffirms the mission , rejecting "  any threat against Italy or any other ally " Earlier Saturday , Gadhafi called on NATO to end airstrikes targeting his forces
As Weibo , the largest social media platform in China , gets ready for its initial public offering  IPO  , a recent university study claims Chinese micro-blogging activity might not be as vibrant as expected . Only 5 % of Weibo users generate original posts , while the rest of the Chinese micro-blogging world just re-posts from them , according to research by Fu King-wa from the University of Hong Kong . He also found that more than half of the registered accounts were "  empty " with little or no activity . Weibo claims it has 130 million active users -- though Fu believes the definition of "  active user " is debatable . In March , Weibo filed to debut on the U.S. NASDAQ exchange . It updated its regulatory filing last week , adjusting its offer to 20 million shares for $ 17 to $ 19 apiece , which would value the company at $ 3.9 billion . The IPO launch sparks discussions on the company 's worth . Weiboscope Fu has been running his Weibo monitoring project since January 2011 . Dubbed the "  Weiboscope , " the computer program was originally set up to expose and make publicly available the censored posts from a select group of users with more than 1,000 followers . Weibo penetrates deep into the Chinese online world . By 2012 , one in every two Chinese netizens used Weibo , according to the China Internet Network Information Center . That year was also when Fu began analyzing the usage pattern of Weibo 's registered accounts . To obtain representative data , Fu and his team obtained the timelines of a random sample of micro-bloggers . In March 2013 , Fu had looked at nearly 30,000 Weibo accounts . He found that 57 % of the account timelines were empty , and out of the active ones about 4.8 % contributed more than 80 % of the original posts . Fu stepped up his research in January and found the figures were becoming more pronounced . Sampling 1,500 accounts each week , Fu found only 5 % , or just 10 million users , generate most of the original posts on Weibo . In contrast , Weibo claims it has 130 million active users but does not say whether these users post original content . But Weibo spokesperson Liu Qi questioned the analysis . "  The researcher does n't have any cooperation with our database and he did n't obtain any data by accessing our official interface , as far as I know , " he said . "  We know better than they do about our own numbers . I do n't intend to offend third parties , but I believe our data are more accurate . " However , Fu argued his study is a better reflection of user activity . "  In the Sina Weibo 's IPO F-1 document , ` active users ' is defined as those micro-bloggers who logged in the system by different means , " he said . "  I would say that this definition can not reflect the real activities on Sina Weibo . For example , a mobile user commonly keeps the app in ` logged in ' state but indeed has no usage at all . "  In contrast , my figures are calculated on the basis of the very nature of user-generated-content -- that is those who generate original posts . I think this is a much better way to indicate social media usage in the Web 2.0 era . " More reposts , more value For Internet service watchers , Weibo 's low active-user rate is not entirely a surprise . "  Research has consistently shown that active , original contributors constitute a tiny proportion , typically 1-2 % , of any Internet service . So the figure of 5 % cited in that research is comparatively high , " according to Dominic Yeo , Research Assistant Professor from the Department of Communication Studies at Hong Kong Baptist University . Yeo pointed to one of the earliest and most often cited studies on the so-called "  free-riding " of Internet users , where the Gnutella network -- a popular peer-to-peer file-sharing service -- was scrutinized to reveal that 70 % of users share no files , and nearly 50 % of all responses are returned by the top 1 % of sharing hosts . He explained that active and original participation on the Internet by ordinary users has always been low because people do not primarily go on to these platforms to create content . For Weibo , users specifically join the community to share other users ' interesting posts with their friends , " he added . It also just takes a lot of effort for people to create original content . "  There is a considerable amount of ` social risk ' in creating original content because you ca n't be sure that what you create will be popular or appreciated by others . Thus the costs far outweigh the benefits , unless you 're passionate enough to write or create something original , you 'll realize that it 's much better to re-post something already out there , " said Yeo . As for whether Fu 's new findings will affect Weibo 's upcoming IPO , Yeo predicted it would actually confirm Weibo 's influence and value even more . "  The value of Weibo comes from having many users re-posting a particular item , " he said . "  It is the ability to encourage people to re-post content rather than create their own that really matters . The company ultimately wields some control as to what becomes popularly shared and gains prominence through its data management . A business model based on a tiny proportion of active , original contributors is actually a norm for social media platforms . " Other Weibo critics point to larger problems on the company 's horizon . Doug Young , author of "  The Party Line , " an in-depth look at Chinese media says that even though he is a user of the micro-blogging service , he wo n't be investing in Weibo because "  there is the sense that Weibo has passed its prime . "  Most people treat Weibo as a news source , because they do n't trust traditional media . The big question though is whether it can keep up with the times . I do n't see how they have done much to innovate beyond knocking off Twitter . "	Independent research shows 10 million Weibo users generate nearly all the original content Weibo will launch IPO putting the company at a value of $ 3.9 billion Researcher says Weibo 's definition of "  active use " is debatable Weibo says its own data is more accurate and refutes the Hong Kong research claims
Editor 's note : Pedro A. Noguera is a professor at New York University and director of the Metropolitan Center for Urban Education . He is editor of "  Unfinished Business : Closing the Achievement Gap in Our Nation 's Schools " and author of "  The Trouble With Black Boys : And Other Reflections on Race , Equity and the Future of Public Education . " Pedro Noguera says Obama needs to be wary of alienating teachers who can be his allies on education reform . CNN  -- President Obama has made it clear from the earliest days of his presidency that he intended to make education a high priority for his administration . He reaffirmed that commitment Tuesday when he addressed schoolchildren on the topic . In one of his first presidential addresses , he made a special appeal to students at risk of dropping out : " ... -LSB- D -RSB- ropping out of high school is no longer an option . It 's not just quitting on yourself , it 's quitting on your country , and this country needs and values the talents of every American . " The president 's commitment to education is truly remarkable , considering the enormous array of policy challenges confronting the administration . From health care and the economic crisis , to global warming and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , the administration is beset by controversies that will not be easily resolved . The fact that the president and his education secretary , Arne Duncan , have not allowed education to be ignored or placed on the back burner says a great deal about their recognition of its central importance to our nation . However , as the administration navigates its way into the policy debates that are swirling over the future of education , it would be wise for it to proceed with caution . The administration has already staked out positions on a number of issues -- charter schools and merit pay for teachers being two of the big ones -- which run the risk of generating additional controversy in the polarized debates over how to reform education . If these issues and the stimulus money being made available under the Race to the Top  RTT  program are not handled carefully , conflict and even paralysis are likely to ensue . The president may even inadvertently alienate an important core constituency that he will surely need in the years ahead -- public school teachers . The current policy debates over the direction of education are typically presented as battles between the reformers , led by school superintendents like Joel Klein of New York and Michelle Rhee of Washington , D.C. , and the defenders of the status quo , most often presented as the powerful teacher unions and other elements of the education establishment . While anyone familiar with the current debates knows that the differences between the two sides are real and profound , a protracted battle over the direction of education reform is not a good thing either for the administration or for those who genuinely want to see improvement in public education . Instead of choosing sides , it would be wise for the administration to do all it can to find common ground between the opposing camps as it formulates new policy initiatives . For example , instead of requiring states to adopt some form of merit pay for teachers -- a measure to which both the teachers ' unions , the National Education Association and American Federation of Teachers , have already declared their opposition -- the administration could encourage states to adopt school-based formulas that reward increases in student achievement . This is similar , though not identical , to the approach taken in New York City , one that encourages collaboration among teachers and recognizes the importance of evidence that children are learning . Similarly , rather than touting charter schools as the solution to public education , the administration should treat the best charters as models of innovation that provide educators with the flexibility to implement new strategies . This is a subtle but important distinction that has been lacking in many of the administration 's pronouncements about charter schools . Unlike the public schools , many charter schools find ways to avoid serving the most disadvantaged students , and their teachers often work a longer day and longer school year without a contract . Moreover , many of the best charters are subsidized by private philanthropists and are able to spend considerably more per pupil than traditional public schools . These facts should not be used to negate the accomplishments of the excellent charter schools that have emerged in many large cities . In fact , it is far more likely that struggling public schools in these same cities would be more open to learning from the charters ' accomplishments if they were not cast as competitors . Finally , the president has championed the idea of "  promise neighborhoods " as a way to increase the availability of social services to children in high poverty communities , using as a model the Harlem Childrens Zone . If this initiative is to result in lasting benefits to children , it will need to be combined with creative approaches to reforming urban public schools that re-formulate how we think about standards and focus attention more intently on how to deliver quality instruction to children . With dropout rates at over 50 percent in several of our nation 's cities , the administration must realize that tinkering at the margins with No Child Left Behind will not deliver the change we need . The president entered office promising to bring a new kind of politics to the nation , an approach that focused on finding common ground among diverse constituencies to solve the pressing problems of our time . In areas like health care , energy , the economy and foreign policy , this new approach has not yet gained traction . However , it is not too late for the president to unite the nation around a common effort to improve public education . For this to happen , he will need to keep above the fray and stay focused on a strategy that sends a clear message to all constituencies that working together to improve public education is in our national interest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pedro A. Noguera .	Pedro Noguera : It 's good that Obama is emphasizing education 's importance He says president needs to be wary of taking sides on volatile issues He says merit pay and charter schools could alienate key allies Noguera : Obama needs teachers on his side to improve schools
CNN  -- An Australian high court ruled Friday that a quadriplegic man has the right to refuse food and water and can be allowed to die , a rare legal finding that some see as a major victory for right-to-die campaigners . An Australian high court ruled Friday that Christian Rossiter has the right to refuse food and water . The ruling means that the nursing facility in which Christian Rossiter has lived since November 2008 can not be held criminally liable for allowing the patient to die , the Supreme Court of Western Australia said . "  I 'm happy that I won my right to die , " Rossiter , 49 , said afterward . But he added that he will further consult with a doctor because he may change his mind . A leading Australian right-to-die advocate called the ruling a significant victory . "  I do n't know that many people will want to die this way . But for people who do , it 's a very important decision , " said Dr. Philip Nitschke , founder and director of Exit International , a leading global voluntary euthanasia and end-of-life advocacy group . Nitschke noted that Rossiter 's case is significant because his mind is fully functional . "  This is the first time that it 's come up with a person that 's rational and lucid , " Nitschke told CNN . "  This is unusual . It 's very rare . " Chief Justice Wayne Martin noted that distinction in his order , saying , "  Mr. Rossiter is not a child , nor is he terminally ill , nor dying . He is not in a vegetative state , nor does he lack the capacity to communicate his wishes . There is therefore no question of other persons making decisions on his behalf . "  Rather , this is a case in which a person with full mental capacity and the ability to communicate his wishes has indicated that he wishes to direct those who have assumed responsibility for his care to discontinue the provision of treatment which maintains his existence . " Some family and right-to-life groups opposed Rossiter 's request . "  Really , what we should be doing is looking after each other rather than facilitating an escape , " John Barich of the Australian Family Association said in a TV interview . Peter O'Meara , president of Western Australia 's Right to Life Association , said , "  The law which is being applied can be a dangerous precedent . " Rossiter has suffered a series of injuries since 1988 that have left him with limited foot movement and the ability to wriggle only one finger . He is fed through a stomach tube . He relies on staff at the Brightwater Care Group nursing facility in the city of Perth for such routine care as regular turning , cleaning , assistance with bowel movements , physical and occupational therapy and speech pathology . Australian law gives patients the right to refuse life-saving treatment , but helping someone commit suicide is a crime that can carry a life prison sentence . The Brightwater nursing facility sought the ruling to make sure it would not be held liable if it complied with Rossiter 's request to stop all nutrition and hydration , except to be given enough liquid to make it possible to take pain medication . Rossiter attended the hearing in a wheelchair , breathing through a tracheotomy tube in his throat . He told the judge he wants to die . It 's a point he has been making publicly . "  I ca n't move , " Rossiter said in a televised interview this week . "  I ca n't even wipe the tears from my eyes . And I 'd like to die . I 'm imprisoned in my own body . I have no fear of death . Just pain . " Rossiter pointed out in a recent interview with the PerthNow news outlet that he once led an active life . "  This is living hell , " he is quoted as saying . "  I used to be a cyclist , I used to be a keen walker . I bushwalked around the world . ... I 've rock climbed in Yosemite Valley in California up very steep cliffs . I 've got a degree in economics and now I ca n't even read a newspaper , I ca n't turn the pages . " Rossiter joined the Exit International right-to-death organization about three months ago , said Nitschke , who talked with him before the hearing . Nitschke said Rossiter appeared "  very happy " afterward . A Brightwater executive said the company appreciates that the court 's ruling has relieved the nursing facility of any liability . "  The whole organization has been most concerned for Mr. Rossiter but also concerned for our own legal standing and this has clarified things greatly , " said Penny Flett , the company 's chief executive . While hailing the victory , Nitschke decried the fact that Rossiter will have to undergo a slow and painful death through starvation , rather than having a quicker and painless way to end his life . Because he can not use his hands , Rossiter must rely on others to withhold treatment rather than being able to take his own life . Switzerland has an assisted suicide law , and Rossiter has considered going there . "  It 's a bit sad that the best that Australia can come up with , " Nitschke said , "  is that we can let a person like that starve to death . "	Series of accidents in 1988 left Christian Rossiter unable to live normally Rossiter : "  I ca n't even wipe the tears from my eyes " Ruling means nursing facility can not be held liable for allowing him to die Critics fear the ruling will set a dangerous precedent
CNN  -- Peggy Bourland ca n't eat . When she lies down to sleep , she fights the urge to go outside and curl up on the cold , hard ground . "  Ken ca n't eat right now . He ca n't sleep in our bed , " she said , her husband 's military dog tags around her neck . "  I wo n't have what he can not have . " Last Tuesday , from his room at the Hotel Montana near Port-au-Prince , Haiti , U.S. Air Force Maj. Ken Bourland sent an e-mail to his wife telling her that he was fine and had just settled in for what was going to be an exciting time taking a disaster preparedness course . It was 4:51 p.m. ET . Less than 10 minutes later , an earthquake leveled much of the Haitian capital , including the Hotel Montana . "  I had just clicked off the e-mail and was trying to find some cartoons for the kids to watch , " she said . "  And then I saw this breaking news . An earthquake . I thought , ` Did California get hit again ? ' Then I saw Haiti . " Bourland popped her laptop open and fired off an e-mail : "  Please tell me you 're OK . " No response . View or add to CNN 's database of missing persons in Haiti Crews have spent the past six days searching mounds of rubble , 30 feet high in places , that was the Hotel Montana , popular with tourists and visiting officials . Some United Nations employees who lived there remain unaccounted for , the U.N. said Sunday , and Alain Joyandet , the French minister of cooperation , said approximately 200 French tourists staying there had not been heard from . There is reason to hope . On Friday , a woman trapped in the hotel 's collapsed bar was rescued . In the past few days , students from South Florida 's Lynn University , who were in Haiti on a humanitarian mission to feed the poor , were freed from the Montana 's rubble . Six others with the university are reportedly still missing . Peggy Bourland gets two calls a day at her suburban South Florida home -- one at night , one in the morning -- from the family 's assigned military liaison . There 's nothing to say , really . She 's told to be optimistic . She tries . After the second call , when she has tucked the couple 's sons , 16-month-old Andrew and 3-year-old Charley into bed , she allows herself to cry . "  I do n't do it in front of them . " She finds it overwhelming to return to thoughts about the Sunday before Ken Bourland left . It was Charley 's birthday , and another military family came over . "  Ken sang to him and we all said , ` Daddy 's going on another trip . ' " The Bourlands ' fifth wedding anniversary will be in March . Their first date -- set up by her boss and his sister -- was one with hours of talk and lost time . She liked the fact that he asked questions about every conceivable scenario that might arise from a decision . He analyzed , where she just went with it . He prepared for the small and big things . He had been mulling for weeks , exhausting Google , over what kind of television to buy . Ken 's steady demeanor has rubbed off on Chance , his stepson . Peggy 's son was 9 when she introduced him to Ken . The helicopter pilot endeared himself quickly with camping and a mutual zest for video games and remote control cars . Now 13 , Chance understands what 's going on . "  I let him talk when he wants to , " she said . "  But sometimes there 's nothing to say . You just wait and continue to wait , hoping for something good . "	Peggy Bourland 's husband , U.S. Air Force Maj. Ken Bourland , missing in Haiti Major sent wife an e-mail about 10 minutes before Tuesday 's 7.0 earthquake Earthquake leveled the hotel where Bourland was staying Wife hopes to get good news to share with their children
CNN  -- An Air Force instructor convicted of rape , aggravated sexual assault and other charges against 10 female recruits was handed a 20-year prison sentence Saturday in a military scandal that spurred investigators to examine the extent of the abuse . Staff Sgt. Luis Walker was convicted Friday after being investigated on accusations of sexual abuse against his female subordinates while he was assigned to the 326th Training Squadron at Lackland Air Force Base in the San Antonio , Texas , region . Walker will be reduced to the lowest enlisted rank , be dishonorably discharged and forfeit all pay and allowances , according to a Lackland statement Saturday . Base reports more sexual misconduct charges He is among 12 instructors investigated for sexual misconduct against at least 31 trainees , and one of six to face charges in the scandal . The commander of Air Force training earlier named Maj. Gen. Margaret Woodward to head a two-month inquiry , covering all four Air Force bases that handle basic training , which are located in Texas and Mississippi . At Lackland , one trainer had earlier pleaded guilty to having an improper relationship with a trainee , as part of a plea agreement . Rape victims say military labels them ` crazy ' Staff Sgt. Peter Vega-Maldonado was sentenced to 90 days in prison , 30 days hard labor and a demotion in rank and pay . In his plea deal , he provided testimony against two other trainers who have been charged . He also said he had inappropriate relationships with 10 trainees . Last year , the Defense Department recorded more than 3,000 cases of sexual assault throughout its branches . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta in April announced plans to create a special victims unit to investigate and prosecute allegations of sexual assault . Betrayal of trust ? Allegations of rape at West Point , Annapolis CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report	An Air Force instructor has been convicted of rape and aggravated sexual assault He was implicated in a sex abuse scandal involving 10 female recruits Walker is among 12 instructors investigated for sexual misconduct Six face charges in the scandal
Chris Christie and Hillary Clinton are neck-and-neck in the New Jersey governor 's home state , according to a poll released Tuesday about the hypothetical presidential match-up . Fairleigh Dickinson University 's Public Mind Poll found that Clinton garnered 45 % of the New Jersey electorate while Christie won 42 % . Clinton 's slight lead is within the poll 's 3.7 % margin of error , making the contest a statistical tie . A tie , however , is down from where Clinton was just last month . A Quinnipiac University Poll found in August that Clinton would beat Christie in New Jersey 50 % to 42 % . This was the first time that Fairleigh Dickinson asked questions about Clinton vs. Christie in the Garden State . When Christie won re-election in 2013 , he was heralded as the Republicans ' hope for winning the White House in 2016 because of his crossover appeal with Democratic and independent voters . While the governor has been hampered by the George Washington Bridge scandal -- and seen his polling numbers with Democrats fall -- Fairleigh Dickinson 's polling director sees promise in these numbers for Christie . "  These numbers continue to provide a testament to his crossover appeal , even in light of the ongoing investigations that have dogged him for going on a year , " said Krista Jenkins . "  Numbers like these can help him build support as he crisscrosses the country as head of the Republican Governors Association and enters the world stage . " Correct the Record , an outside research and communications groups helping Clinton , said the fact that Clinton is tied with Christie in his home state bodes well for Democrats in 2016 . "  If Christie is the nominee , the Republicans will have to spend money to win their nominee 's home state , " said Burns Strider , senior adviser to the group . "  Folks , Christie should be able to win his home state , and he ca n't guarantee it by any means . " Both Clinton and Christie are seen as top-level contenders for their respective party 's presidential nomination in 2016 . Clinton has admitted to thinking about running and recently said she will make her decision near the start of 2015 . Christie has traveled the country as head of the Republican Governor 's Association and recently said that he would decide on a run late in 2014 or early in 2015 .	Poll gives Clinton 45 % of New Jersey electorate , compared to Christie 's 42 % The 3 % split is within the poll 's margin of error , making the contest a statistical tie Clinton topped Christie by 8 % , outside another polls margin or error , in August Clinton and Christie said they plan to make presidential decisions early in 2015
CNN  -- Felipe Massa has been forced to backtrack on comments he made claiming that new Ferrari teammate Fernando Alonso was aware of Renault 's plans to deliberately crash at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix . Felipe Massa is still showing the scars of his horror crash at the Hungarian GP in July . Alonso won that race after the safety car was brought out when Renault 's No. 2 driver Nelson Piquet Jr spun out on lap 14 , and Massa subsequently claimed it cost him that year 's world title as he finished one point behind champion Lewis Hamilton . Motorsport 's ruling body the FIA cleared Alonso of any wrongdoing as it banned Renault boss Flavio Briatore , who quit his role before the ruling , while Piquet was immune from prosecution in return for giving evidence . Massa told reporters in his native Brazil on Wednesday that he believed two-time world champion Alonso -- who is replacing Kimi Raikkonen at Ferrari next year -- must have known about Renault 's race plan . "  It was the team and Nelson -- but Alonso was part of the problem . He knew . We can not know it , but of course he knew . It 's an absolute certainty , " he said ahead of this weekend 's Brazilian Grand Prix . However , the 28-year-old later released a statement on the official Ferrari Web site in a bid to avoid conflict with his future teammate . "  What I 've said is the outcome of a hunch I 've had and is not based on any concrete evidence , " Felipe said . "  The FIA World Council announced that there was no indication that Fernando may have been informed of what had happened and I respect this outcome . "  Obviously I 'm very disappointed about what transpired last year in Singapore : I have already said several times what I thought about it and now it 's time to close that chapter and to look to the future . "  What is certain is that this episode will not mar in any way the relationship I 'll have with Fernando when we will be teammates . " Massa will not be racing at his beloved Interlagos circuit this weekend as he is still recovering from serious head injuries suffered in qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix in July . He has been allowed to test a 2007 Ferrari this week , but the team announced that he will not be ready to return to competitive action until next season .	Felipe Massa backtracks on claim Fernando Alonso knew of Renault 's plans The Brazilian driver forced to clarify comments on the official Ferrari Web site Massa had said his new teammate was aware of Renault 's Singapore strategy Alonso won the 2008 race after teammate Nelson Piquet crashed deliberately
For many victims , California 's new "  revenge porn " law does n't go far enough . Revenge porn , also called cyber revenge , is the act of posting sexual photos of an ex-lover online for vengeance . The photos were typically exchanged consensually over the course of a relationship and meant only for the other person . There are websites dedicated to posting and making money off of these types of shots , which are primarily of women . The new California law , which was signed into law on Tuesday by Gov. Jerry Brown , is only the second revenge porn-specific piece of legislation in the United States . Under the law , people convicted of distributing sexual images of exes face six months of jail time and a $ 1,000 fine . Critics say the law has some glaring loopholes . It only applies when the person accused of spreading the images online is also the photographer . It does not cover photos a person takes of themselves and shares with a lover , say during a sexting session . Up to 80 % of revenge porn victims had taken the photos of themselves , according to a recent survey by the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative . CCRI is a group founded by revenge porn victims and activists to push for legal reform in the United States . That means the vast majority of revenge porn cases would not qualify under this law . "  I definitely do n't think this bill goes far enough , though it is a step in the right direction , " said CCRI 's Holly Jacobs , who became a prominent anti-revenge porn activist after she was a victim herself . In Jacobs ' case , most of her photos posted online were self-shots but some were taken by her ex . "  We would only have been able to follow through with the charges if we linked his IP address to the pictures that he took of me , not those that I took of myself , " said Jacobs . Mary Anne Franks , a law professor at Miami Law School who is on the board at CCRI , said one of the possible reasons the law did not include self-shots is that the distinction was required so people who sent unsolicited nude photos of themselves were not covered . However , the law does specifically state that photos be taken "  under circumstances where the parties agree or understand that the image shall remain private . " "  I think we are really looking at a ` blame the victim ' mentality here , " said Franks , meaning people who take the photos of themselves were "  asking for it . " "  It 's disturbing that the drafters apparently think that some victims of nonconsensual pornography are not worth protecting , " said Franks . Another issue is that there could be difficulty enforcing the law even in cases that do qualify . The law applies to people who post photos to "  harass or annoy " and the perpetrators must have "  intent to cause serious emotional distress . " That could exclude people who post these types of images only for financial gain or other reasons like bragging rights . The sites that make money off of submitted revenge porn might be able to avoid prosecution by claiming they did not know the victims and therefore could n't have intended any harm . "  Until now , there was no tool for law enforcement to protect victims , " California state Sen. Anthony Cannella said in a statement . Cannella was one of the main authors of the new law . "  Too many have had their lives upended because of an action of another that they trusted . " Cannella 's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment regarding criticisms of the law . Previously , victims of revenge porn had limited recourse when photos taken with consent were posted online . A person could sue the ex who uploaded the images or the site hosting them for invasion of privacy , but it did n't constitute harassment under California state laws . Victims would have had to pay for a costly civil suit . California is only the second state to have a law that addresses revenge porn . New Jersey has had a related law since 2003 that makes it a felony to post secretly recorded videos or photos online . Now other states are considering their own revenge porn laws , including New York and Wisconsin . Franks has been working with both states on early drafts of their laws , and she says that so far it looks like both avoid what she considers the weaknesses of the California law and include First Amendment protections . Activists would also like to see a federal law address revenge porn . Early on , the ACLU voiced concerns about the California law 's potentially negative impact on free speech , for example , if someone wanted to share a photo that had political implications or if a photo or video contained evidence of a crime . Florida was considering a revenge porn law but scrapped it following First Amendment concerns . The California bill contains an urgency clause , meaning it will go into effect immediately . The first few cases will show how effective the new legislation is in curbing revenge porn . Since it 's nearly impossible to scrub an image from the Internet once it has gone viral , the best possible outcome is that the law discourages people from seeking this type of revenge in the first place .	California has passed a new law making "  revenge porn " illegal The law does not apply to self-shot photos that are shared during a relationship Critics say the law does not go far enough to protect victims Wisconsin and New York are also considering anti-revenge porn laws
CNN  -- Bulgarian police have widened their investigation into last week 's bombing attack on Israeli tourists to towns near the border with Romania , asking hotels for surveillance video that might have captured the suspected bomber . Hotels in the Black Sea coastal city of Varna say police have been asking for video showing a particular suspect and are giving a sketch of the suspect to management . Investigators also have questioned workers at a car rental agency near the Black Sea coast where the man attempted to rent a car before Wednesday 's attack , the agency 's owner told CNN . Five Israeli tourists were killed and more than 30 other Israelis were wounded when a suicide bomber blew apart their bus at Burgas International Airport . Explainer : Bulgaria explosion amid growing Iranian-Israeli tension Bulgarian authorities still have not been able to identify the bomber , who was seen on airport security videos about an hour before the attack . They have taken fingerprints and DNA samples and given that information to their counterparts in Israel , the United States and Interpol . The Bulgarian Interior Ministry says it is not ruling out the possibility that the suspect had help , though it wo n't comment on reports that authorities are looking for a second suspect . The owner and an employee of the Afrodita Car Rental Agency told CNN a suspicious man wanted to rent a car the Sunday before the attack and tried to use the Michigan driver 's license later found at the scene of the attack . When the owner said he wanted to photocopy the license , the man grew nervous and refused to have it copied . At that point , the owner said he refused to rent the man a car and the man walked out . The car rental owner described the man as having short dark hair and speaking English with an accent . The woman who conducted the forensic reconstruction of the suspected bomber 's face and body , told Bulgarian TV the man had a white face , light eyes and thick dark hair .	Police are asking hotels for surveillance video The suspect was also seen at a car rental agency Five Israelis were killed in a suicide bombing last week Authorities do n't rule out the possibility of a second suspect
Sex between consenting homosexual partners is once again illegal in India after the country 's Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling Wednesday . Four years ago , India 's High Court decriminalized such a relationship , in what was then hailed by gay rights groups as a landmark ruling . The Supreme Court overturned that ruling . Known as Section 377 , the law has been in the books since India 's Colonial-era days . It bans people from engaging in "  carnal acts against the order of nature . " On Wednesday , the Supreme Court ruled that the penal code was constitutionally valid . It was up to parliament , the court said , to decide whether or not to keep the law in the statute books . Seven year fight In 2009 , the non-profit Naz Foundation won a verdict from New Delhi 's high court after a seven-year legal fight to decriminalize homosexuality . It argued that the law infringed on the right to equality , privacy and dignity as set out in India 's Constitution . The High court ruled in Naz 's favor . But the decision came under fire from Christian , Hindu and Muslim groups , who filed an appeal to the Supreme Court . India 's central government did not appeal , saying it did n't disagree with the High Court 's ruling . Amnesty International India called Wednesday 's Supreme Court ruling "  a black day of freedom in India . " "  It is hard not to feel let down by this judgment , which has taken India back several years in its commitment to protect basic rights , " the group said . ` Setback to human dignity ' Until now , India has n't maintained a central database of prosecution under Section 377 , said Akhilesh Kumar , a chief statistical officer at the National Crimes Record Bureau  NCRB  . "  Henceforth , we will be compiling crimes committed under this relevant section , " Kumar said . "  Maybe from the next year . " Rights activists say a number of gay couples have faced court cases because of their relationships . "  There have been hundreds of trials under Section 377 in different parts of the country , " said Colin Gonsalves , a human rights lawyer . He said the law also rendered gay couples vulnerable to what he called harassment by police . The New York-based group Human Rights Watch called on the Indian government to take steps to scrap Section 377 . "  The Supreme Court 's ruling is a disappointing setback to human dignity , and the basic rights to privacy and non-discrimination , " the group said in a statement . "  But now the government should do what it should have done in the first place and seek to repeal section 377 . "	Human Rights Watch calls the ruling a "  setback to human dignity " The law banning gay sex was leftover from the Colonial era The High Court overturned it four years ago But the Supreme Court has now reinstated it
CNN  -- South Sudan , the world 's newest nation , turned one year old on Monday , but its anniversary comes amid high tensions with its northern neighbor and economic concerns . With its capital in Juba , South Sudan became independent last year following decades of civil war . Its arrival in the international community was celebrated at the time , but conflict with the Sudanese regime soon resumed . Border clashes have brought the countries to the brink of war and left South Sudan coping with a massive humanitarian crisis as people flee the fighting . The South Sudan state of Upper Nile has been flooded with refugees crossing the border from Sudan . In total , aid agencies estimate that at least 150,000 refugees from Sudan are currently in South Sudan . The humanitarian problems have coincided with economic woes . The South Sudanese government lost 98 percent of its revenue when it halted oil production amid a dispute over transportation and processing fees with Sudan . South Sudan obtained around 70 % of the formerly united country 's oil reserves when it became independent last year . But the countries have been unable to agree on how much the landlocked South should pay to use infrastructure that remains in Sudan . South Sudan shut down production in late January after accusing Sudan of stealing $ 815 million worth of its oil . Sudan said it confiscated the crude to make up for unpaid fees . The shutdown has sent the economies of both countries reeling , but South Sudan has been hit particularly hard by the loss of income from virtually its only export . The young nation has also wrestled with corruption in its first year . In May , South Sudan 's president wrote to more than 75 government officials and eight foreign governments in an attempt to recover $ 4 billion lost through corruption .	South Sudan became independent last year following a two-decade civil war Border clashes with its northern neighbor have put the region on edge The fighting has created a huge humanitarian crisis The South Sudanese government is also suffering from a lack of oil revenue
CNN  -- Juventus cast aside the disappointment of crashing out in the Champions League group stage , thumping Sassuolo 4-0 in Serie A on Sunday . The three points were much welcomed by Juve , which exited Europe 's top club competition in snowy Istanbul , and Carlos Tevez 's hat-trick would have pleased the Argentine striker , too . Tevez also set up Federico Peluso 's headed goal with a free kick . Tevez had only hit the back of the net once in his previous seven appearances . Even though Sassuolo hovered just above the relegation zone prior to kickoff , its play in the last month suggested Juventus might struggle . But Tevez 's early goal -- in the 15th minute -- put the visitor under pressure at the Juventus Stadium in Turin . He added efforts in the 45th and 68th minutes . Sassuolo rarely troubled Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon without the services of leading scorer Domenico Berardi -- who is on loan from the Old Lady . Juventus , the reigning Italian champion , moved six points clear of Roma , which visits AC Milan in a high-profile encounter Monday . And in the league , Juventus has won eight in a row without conceding . "  It was a good way to make amends for Wednesday , " Buffon told Sky Italia . "  The elimination hurt us , but now there 's another trophy we now have to try and win . " Veteran German striker Miroslav Klose returned from injury and provided some relief for Lazio manager Vladimir Petkovic , scoring both goals in a 2-0 win over Livorno . Petkovic was under pressure following a spell of six league games without a victory . Giuseppe Rossi scored his league-leading 13th goal -- three better than Tevez -- in Fiorentina 's 3-0 win over Bologna . In Sunday 's late kickoff , Napoli doubled 10-man Inter 4-2 to close in on Roma . Atletico keeps pace with Barca In Spain , Atletico Madrid rejoined Barcelona on points at the top of La Liga after a stunning second-half performance against Valencia . Diego Costa scored twice to tie Cristiano Ronaldo on 17 league goals and Madrid 's less famous team blanked Valencia 3-0 . Between his goals , Costa was denied from the spot by Diego Alves . Valencia -- in mid table -- matched Atletico in the first half but the home side upped the tempo in the second . Costa worked his way into the box in the 59th minute and Alves could n't keep out his low shot . Alves , however , had little chance on Raul Garcia 's rocket in the 63rd minute . Alves saved Costa 's penalty in the 74th minute but Costa was fouled again in the box and this time converted in the 81st . Atletico and Barcelona each have 43 points and the same goal difference but Barca has scored one more goal . The sides meet in early January . A good day for Bayern It was a good day for Bayern Munich -- and the Bavarians did n't even play . Bayern maintained its seven-point advantage atop the Bundesliga after second-place Bayer Leverkusen slumped to a 1-0 loss -- at home -- to struggler Eintracht Frankfurt . Frankfurt last tasted victory in the league in the middle of September . Marco Russ scored the game 's only goal with a 61st-minute header and Frankfurt missed the chance for a second when a penalty was saved in injury time .	Juventus coasts past Sassuolo 4-0 to increase its lead in Italy 's Serie A Carlos Tevez scores a hat-trick for Juventus , which exited the Champions League last week Atletico Madrid beats Valencia to pull level on points with Barcelona in La Liga Bayer Leverkusen 's title hopes in Germany dwindle following a defeat at home
CNN  -- When the holidays bring heartache instead of joy , I think they do so because they stand as an unforgiving yardstick against which we measure our losses and troubles . If no one reminds us , we can sometimes overlook the fact that loved ones are gone , or that our lives are filled with painful conflict in exactly the intimate areas that should be sources of strength and comfort for us . But then along come the holidays , imposing upon us once again a template for what happiness and interpersonal success is expected to look like . It can be hard to measure up . It is far easier to overlook the death of loved ones when you do n't have to stare across the holiday table at their empty places . It is far easier to pretend that family trauma or conflict do n't exist when you are far away and on your own . But the holidays force us to either return to painful family interactions or to fully own our isolation and spend the season alone . It is a terrible choice . I 've treated many patients over the years who reliably became depressed during the holidays out of dread of having to interact with their families . On the other hand , the silence of Christmas morning on one 's own carries its own unique pain . I never cease to be amazed at how often both emotional well-being and mental illness hinge on how we negotiate these types of impossible choices . Because the choices really are often insoluble and the losses are often so actual , we in the mental health professions frequently try to find "  a third way " to help people cope . In the end , these "  third way " approaches usually come down to helping people reframe their issues so they that seem less hopeless and painful . Or we provide people with medications such as antidepressants to make their brains and bodies less reactive to stress . Or we do both . Reframing I 've given many interviews over the years regarding strategies for helping people cope emotionally with the holidays . For people truly overwhelmed , I often recommend exploring ways to neutralize Christmas negativity by changing how they approach the holidays . For example , if someone develops a major depression every year before or after going home to see her family , I encourage her to explore what would happen if she abandoned this painful pattern and instead proactively planned a Christmas vacation somewhere beyond the reach of her memories and holiday associations that generate symptoms of depression . Sometimes this type of strategy works beautifully . Often other family members are equally miserable and join the exodus , providing strength in numbers . Sometimes the person 's absence leads the family to re-evaluate itself and change in positive ways . But sometimes , the attempt to flee Christmas is met with such anger and guilt production from the family that the patient actually ends up doing worse . Everyone 's holiday situation is unique . This type of approach toward reframing Christmas follows what I sometimes call the "  who says " rule . Many times we torture ourselves with ideas of how things should be , or would be if we were somehow smarter , richer , different . To which I often ask , "  Who says ? " "  Who says things have to be the way you think they should be ? " "  Who says you have to suffer over a painful fantasy of what you think Christmas ought to be ? " We cling tightly to our fantasies -- good and bad . But sometimes when we can loosen their grip on us , we can see new possibilities for how to be at peace with our lives and find a little joy . Medications This holiday season I 've been thinking a lot about Christmas 1987 , because it was four days later , on December 29 , that fluoxetine , better known by its brand name Prozac , received FDA approval for use in the United States . The approval of Prozac launched one of history 's greatest run of "  third way " approaches to trauma and loss . With Prozac came a growing belief that medicines might hold promise as the ultimate solution , not just to clinical depression , but perhaps to heartache more generally . Having once believed this myself , I find that now , 25 years later , I am far more cautious in my appraisal of what the coming of Prozac actually meant for the world 's emotional well-being . I 've seen repeatedly with my own eyes how modern antidepressants like Prozac can help depressed people get their lives back . And I 've seen people who had struggled with negative thoughts and feelings for years find that they were different -- and more successful -- with the addition of an antidepressant in their lives . But in the last several years it has become increasingly clear that antidepressants are not , and probably will never be , a cure-all for heartache , in any of its forms clinical or mundane . For one thing , our best current data suggest that antidepressants only work adequately for 40 % to 60 % of depressed people , with the percentages varying depending on what one thinks of as "  adequate . " More recent evidence suggests that antidepressants can actually worsen depressive symptoms in a sizable minority of people who take them . Perhaps this should n't surprise us . Chemotherapeutic agents that increase the probability of surviving cancer also increase the risk of developing a second cancer in the future . And yet despite this fact , and despite the dread we feel at the mere mention of the word "  chemotherapy , " most of us embrace chemotherapeutic treatment when diagnosed with cancer , understanding that despite the manifold limitations and horrendous side effects , it 's the best that we 've got . Perhaps the most concerning recent debate in the antidepressant literature revolves around the question of whether taking these medications increases the risk of having a depression relapse when the antidepressant is discontinued . This issue is complex and hotly debated . But if the weight of the evidence eventually suggests that antidepressants carry this risk it will further complicate the clinician 's task . Still , as with chemotherapy , they 're the best that we 've got . Finding more solutions This year , with Christmas upon us , I am more convinced than ever that we who work clinically or conduct research in the realm of mental health must redouble our efforts to find new and better "  third ways " to help deal , not just with clinical depression , but also with the ubiquitous heartache and anxiety that are so prevalent in the modern world . Although I personally research biological approaches to treating depression , I suspect that part of our movement forward will come from better integrating older ways of wisdom into our treatment protocols . Many wisdom traditions point toward the same thing -- that full healing requires not just reframing or biology , but an inner transformation that embraces suffering itself as a means of escape from our suffering . Read more : Losing can be hazardous to your health	Dr. Charles Raison : Changing how you approach the holidays may help curb negative feelings Some people feel depressed over family issues during the holidays Fluoxetine  Prozac  received FDA approval in December 1987 Raison : Full healing requires an inner transformation
CNN  -- The woman wore a nurse 's uniform when she walked into the maternity ward . She left the hospital driving away in a red car with a sign that said "  Baby on Board . " Police say there was a baby inside the Toyota Yaris the 21-year-old was driving Monday evening as she left the hospital in Trois-Rivières , Quebec . But the little girl was n't hers . At the hospital , baby Victoria 's parents were frantic . Their child was only 16 hours old when she was abducted , mother Mélissa McMahon said in a Facebook post describing the ordeal . "  The worst case scenarios played out over and over in our heads , " she wrote . "  Unfortunately , the endings are not often happy , above all in this type of case . " But just a few hours after the baby went missing , authorities returned her to her parents . Thanks to "  four marvelous people , " McMahon wrote , and "  thanks to Facebook . " "  It is the only reason that explains why Victoria is in my arms at this time , " she said . Amber Alert goes viral Publicity about Victoria 's disappearance started with an Amber Alert sent out by Quebec police . In social media posts , messages from police described the vehicle and the woman driving it . The newborn , police said , was wrapped in a blue blanket . It was n't long before the alert and a photo went viral . A group of four friends spotted it on Facebook when they were hanging out on Monday night , Canadian media reported . "  We just wanted to do something for the night , so we went out to find the car , " Charlène Plante told Canada 's CTV network When police released a photo of a woman wearing scrubs in the hospital , Plante said she immediately recognized her former neighbor . The friends drove to the woman 's apartment and saw the car parked outside . "  The patio door was open . The lights were on , " Mélizanne Bergeron told Canadian public broadcaster CBC . "  It was clear that she was there . " Then , they called police . Officers were there within minutes , Plante said , kicking down the apartment door . The baby was recovered and a woman was taken into custody . "  After the baby was in the hands of the police , it was the best moment in my life , " Bergeron told CTV . "  We were crying . " On Facebook , she posted a video showing her tearful friends as a police officer appeared in the apartment building 's stairwell , the baby safe in his arms . Woman in custody Quebec police spokeswoman Christine Coulombe would n't confirm details about how the baby was found , but she said police received tips from the public after publicizing the case on social media . The woman was hospitalized for evaluation and was on 24-hour police watch , but she had not met yet with investigators Tuesday , Coulombe said . It is not known whether there was any previous link between the woman and the baby 's family , she said . In a statement , the hospital from where the baby was taken thanked police investigators and said a team of risk-assessment experts would be analyzing the circumstances surrounding the incident and making recommendations about whether any changes are needed . Details from the police investigation will also be part of that analysis , the hospital said . "  At this time , it is difficult to discuss in more detail the situation without revealing specific elements that could harm the investigation and court proceedings , " the Center for Health and Social Services of Trois-Rivières said in a statement . "  The establishment will therefore be reserved in public statements in the coming days . " Daniel Cossette , the baby 's uncle , told CTV that he spoke with the woman in the nurse 's uniform as she walked down the hospital hallway with the newborn in her arms . She told him she was taking the baby for routine tests . "  She had the attitude , the uniform , all of it , " he said , "  and we never presumed she was a kidnapper . " ` Every click , every share made the difference ' As authorities continue investigating , the baby 's mother says she has no doubt about how Victoria ended up in her arms again . Alert hospital staff realized quickly that the baby had been taken , she said . Fellow patients at the hospital provided details about the woman and her vehicle . Security guards tracked down a photo of the woman with help from police . And investigators sent out the Amber Alert and image very quickly . "  The photo saved our daughter ! In less than an hour , the photo was everywhere ... You were more than thousands of people who shared the photo of this woman on social media . ... Know that it was this that saved her , our little Victoria . Every click , every share made the difference , " McMahon wrote in a message thanking people for their support . But along with her thank-you message , she also sent a word of caution to other mothers , saying that her experience with the woman dressed as a nurse should be a warning . "  Never allow yourself to be influenced by a uniform ... I know that it can seem trivial , but if I had been more skeptical , all of this could have been avoided ... Verify the badge of the nurse ... ask questions ... it is your child , do n't let them out of your sight , " she wrote . "  I would not like anyone else to live this . " She did not describe further details about any interaction with the woman . As for her baby , McMahon said "  little Victoria wears her name well for this victory . " "  To give life to our child is an incredible moment , " she wrote , "  but finding our child safe and sound is an indescribable feeling . " Her post had been shared more than 18,000 times on Facebook by Tuesday night . How to guard against baby snatchers Woman who kidnapped baby 25 years ago sentenced to 12 years in prison	NEW : Uncle : Woman dressed as nurse said she was taking baby for tests Police say the woman abducted a newborn from a Canadian hospital Facebook post from police leads to a tip from a woman 's former neighbor "  Every click , every share made the difference , " the baby 's grateful mom says
San Bruno , California  CNN  -- Firefighters have fully contained a massive gas-fueled blaze in California that killed four people , while search efforts and attempts to determine the cause of the fire were still under way on Friday . The fire triggered by a ruptured natural gas transmission line sent giant fireballs shooting 80 feet into the air in a quiet neighborhood of San Bruno , near the San Francisco airport . "  It looks like a moonscape in some areas , " said San Bruno Fire Chief Dennis Haag , who was visibly shaken at a news conference . Scorched homes and the shells of burned-out cars lined charred streets as firefighters battled hot spots and residents clamored to know the cause of their town 's devastation . By Friday afternoon , the fire was reported to be fully contained . iReport : Lone fireman fights flames California Lt. Gov. Abel Maldonado said he was shocked by the "  horrible tragedy . " "  It looks like a bomb went off , " he said . "  I saw debris everywhere . It was a huge explosion . " "  Our hearts go out to those impacted by this horrible disaster , " said Maldonado . "  Without warning many of these peoples ' lives have been changed forever and my deepest prayers go out to everyone . " He said "  we will find out soon " what caused the fire that erupted after 6 p.m. Thursday after a gas transmission line broke and triggered an explosion . Maldonado also told reporters on Friday he had received a telephone call from President Barack Obama , who offered his support . iReport : Another view of the fire Four people are known to have died in the fire , the lieutenant governor said . Another 52 people were injured , including three patients who were taken to a hospital with third-degree burns and four firefighters who suffered from smoke inhalation . Rescue workers initially feared the death toll would climb higher as they combed through the smoldering scene with cadaver dogs . But by Friday evening , no one in the area was unaccounted for and local fire officials had not received reports of any missing people , according to Haag . He said about 100 people had evacuated to shelters . Blasts , fireballs and quake-like rumbles Search efforts were roughly 95 percent complete . The remaining 5 percent was still too hot to enter , the fire chief added . Pacific Gas and Electric Company President Chris Johns said Friday that the ruptured gas transmission line had been secured and no more gas is flowing through it . He said survey teams are walking house to house to "  make sure it is safe " for residents to return , and he promised that the company will be transparent in working with federal investigators to learn the cause of the blast . The National Transportation and Safety Board launched an investigation Friday . Safety questions raised "  At this point , it 's too early to speculate as to what may have happened , " NTSB Vice Chairman Christopher Hart told reporters . He said a team of investigators was working on scene to determine probable cause . The group 's findings will be put into a report that may not be ready for as many as 18 months , Hart said . PG&E 's Johns said he had heard accounts of residents complaining of the smell of gas for the past three weeks and the company was looking into whether any phone calls had come in . "  We are really saddened and sorry about this tragedy and we are going to do everything we can to help the folks who have been affected by this , " he said . The fire destroyed 37 homes and damaged eight , California Emergency Management Agency Secretary Matthew Bettenhausen told reporters . Those numbers were considerably lower than the estimate of roughly 170 homes that NTSB 's Hart said were affected by the blaze . The fire was about 50 percent contained four hours after it began , Haag said . But the intense , persistent flames made it difficult for crews to get close . Gas pipes near homes , windy weather and water supply problems also complicated efforts to combat the flames . iReport : Ground level view of fire "  The radiant heat from the actual gas and the fireball was making it so that they could n't even attack the homes that were on fire , " said news photographer Bryan Carmody , who arrived at the scene shortly after the blaze began . Water pressure in the area was low because the fire compromised a water main , California state Sen. Leland Yee told CNN affiliate KRON , so firefighters had to truck in water . James Ruane , the mayor of San Bruno , said he talked to survivors of the blaze to assure them that the city will help them . He said he could tell how much the incident affected them . "  It was the look on their faces . They were still in shock , " he said . "  They were walking around but almost in a daze . It must have been horrific when it happened . " Tim Gutierrez , who lives in a neighborhood near where the blast occurred , told CNN affiliate KRON that people living in the area have smelled natural gas for the past three weeks . iReport : Video and photos of the fire "  Every day after work , I would smell the heavy smell coming from the gutter and sewer , " he said . Asked about that account Thursday night , Haag told reporters it was "  the first time the fire department 's ever had any notice of it . " Maldonado declared a state of emergency in San Mateo County . The fire erupted in a populated area about two miles west of San Francisco International Airport . All flights and operations there were normal Friday , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . CNN 's Dan Simon , Catherine E. Shoichet , Ninette Sosa , Shawn Nottingham , Anderson Cooper , Karan Olson , Sonya Hamasaki , Deanna Proeller , Greg Morrison , Scott Thompson , Amanda Watts and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Gas fire now fully contained with home hot spots Fire chief says everyone in San Bruno , California , now accounted for Four killed , 38 houses destroyed , seven severely damaged , officials say Pacific Gas & Electric says its transmission line ruptured ; NTSB to investigate
After the firestorm over Edward Snowden 's disclosure of U.S. surveillance programs , the most contentious aspect revealed by last year 's classified leaks will continue under reforms announced Friday by President Barack Obama . Someone will still collect records of the numbers and times of phone calls by every American . While access to the those records will be tightened and they may be shifted from the National Security Agency to elsewhere , the storage of the phone metadata goes on . For that reason , civil libertarians , members of Congress and others complained that Obama failed to go far enough in what his administration labeled as the most comprehensive intelligence-gathering reforms since he took office in 2009 . In his 45-minute speech at the Justice Department , Obama unveiled new guidance for intelligence-gathering as well as reforms intended to balance what he called the nation 's vital security needs with concerns over privacy and civil liberties . By making the changes after a review he ordered following the Snowden disclosures , Obama put his signature on the U.S. intelligence operation and helped define his legacy as a chief executive who had promised a more open and transparent government when he entered the White House in 2009 . He outlined a series of steps -- some immediate and some requiring time to work out , possibly with Congress -- that would change some aspects of the NSA collection of phone records and other information but generally leave intact the core and function of existing programs . Obama also addressed concerns abroad that the United States spies on ordinary people as well as allied leaders . Snowden 's disclosures showed U.S. surveillance of personal communications of leaders in Germany , Brazil and other allies . "  The United States is not spying on ordinary people who do n't threaten our national security " Obama said , adding that "  unless there is a compelling national security purpose , we will not monitor the communications of heads of state and government of our close friends and allies . " Obama not dwelling on Snowden Before Obama spoke , a senior administration official who briefed reporters on condition of not being identified said the President 's assurances of no further spying on foreign leaders extended only to "  dozens " of heads of state and government of U.S. friends and allies . Initial reaction indicated those favoring robust intelligence gathering agreed with the President . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Obama "  took a measured and thoughtful approach , " while Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said he supported the reforms . House Speaker John Boehner warned Obama against allowing politics to "  cloud his judgment " over maintaining what the Ohio Republican called necessary programs for national security . "  The House will review any legislative reforms proposed by the administration , but we will not erode the operational integrity of critical programs that have helped keep America safe , " Boehner said in a statement . On the other side , Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky said the speech deserved "  an ` A ' for effort and probably a ` C ' for content , " while WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange told CNN that it was "  embarrassing " for a head of state to speak so long and "  say almost nothing . " "  Unfortunately , today , what we see is very few concrete reforms , " said Assange , who noted that Snowden intends to publicly respond to Obama 's speech as soon as next week . Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont , an independent who caucuses with the majority Democrats , called Obama 's speech an first step in a necessary dialogue on balancing security needs with privacy rights in the digital age . "  The devil is going to be in the details , " Sanders said , adding that the discussion will continue for years as technological capabilities expand . Obama : Intel has helped us Obama 's changes to the controversial NSA telephone bulk collection program disclosed by Snowden require intelligence analysts to get approval from the Federal Intelligence Surveillance Court to go into the metadata stored by the agency . Today , the NSA determines when analysts can examine the metadata , a senior administration official told reporters on condition of not being identified . "  That is no longer an issue that is dealt with solely within the NSA , " the official said . "  They have to bring it to the FISA court . " In addition , Obama said he ordered Attorney General Eric Holder to work with intelligence officials on finding another place to store the metadata records that include phone numbers and the length of calls , but not content . Obama also called on Congress to authorize establishment of a new panel of outside advocates to participate in "  significant cases " before the secret FISA courts that handle intelligence collection issues . Another step extended U.S. legal protections involving surveillance to foreign nationals , noted CNN Chief National Security Correspondent Jim Sciutto , who called the President 's speech extraordinary in one way for publicly addressing what had been top-secret programs seven months ago . However , Sciutto noted Obama 's reforms made no mention of losses by U.S. technology businesses around the world due to concerns that customers would be spied on under the programs disclosed by Snowden 's leaks . Some critics on both sides of the political aisle contend collection of such vast amounts of information violates personal privacy . Democratic Sens. Patrick Leahy of Vermont and Tom Udall of New Mexico said they intend to continue pushing legislation to limit the metadata collection beyond what Obama proposes . Republican Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said that "  Congress must do what the President apparently will not : end the unconstitutional violation of Americans ' privacy , stop the suspicionless surveillance of our people , and close the era of secret law . " In his speech , Obama argued that national security depended on access to such data as long as it was under proper control and regulation . Read Obama 's remarks "  No evidence of abuse has been found involving surveillance programs , but changes are needed in response to legitimate privacy concerns that have been raised , Obama said . The new guidance he issued declared the United States will not collect intelligence "  for the purpose of suppressing or burdening criticism or dissent , or for disadvantaging persons based on their ethnicity , race , gender , sexual orientation , or religion . " Offering a historical review of U.S. intelligence gathering , Obama recalled events in American history going back to Paul Revere 's famous ride . The 9/11 terrorist attacks raised the profile and priority of U.S. intelligence efforts , the President said , and now technological advances that allow supercomputers to gather huge amounts of digital data have complicated efforts "  to both defend our nation and uphold our civil liberties . " Obama and the bottom line Obama remained critical of Snowden , who is now living under asylum in Russia , following his series of leaks that began last June and transformed the debate on national security surveillance in the post 9/11 era . "  Our nation 's defense depends in part on the fidelity of those entrusted with our nation 's secrets , " Obama said . "  If any individual who objects to government policy can take it in their own hands to publicly disclose classified information , then we will never be able to keep our people safe , or conduct foreign policy . " While the bulk telephone data remains with the NSA for now , Obama wants those records moved out of government hands , though it is uncertain where , a senior administration official said in briefing reporters on condition of not being identified . Federal courts are divided on NSA telephone data collection . One judge in Washington ruled preliminarily in December that it was probably unconstitutional on privacy grounds . A second judge ruling in another case in New York subsequently found it lawful .	House Speaker John Boehner says any changes ca n't harm national security President Barack Obama issues new guidance for intelligence-gathering An advisory panel recommended in December that government better protect civil liberties Leaks by Edward Snowden exposed scope of NSA electronic surveillance
CNN  -- Improper wiring by military contractor KBR at U.S. bases in Iraq led to electrical shocks about once every three days for nearly two years , according to Defense Department documents obtained by CNN . Sgt. Ryan Maseth , a 24-year-old Green Beret , died in a shower at his base in Iraq in January 2008 . Houston , Texas-based KBR , the military contractor responsible for maintaining and providing services at most of U.S. bases across Iraq , had "  systemic failures " in its electrical work that threatened the life , health and safety of people inside the bases , according to the documents , from a violation report obtained by CNN . There were 231 electrical shocks of personnel in Iraq from September 2006 through July 2008 in facilities maintained by KBR , the documents state . KBR has been at the center of controversy surrounding the electrocution of soldiers on bases in Iraq . Much of the controversy has surrounded the electrocution of Sgt. Ryan Maseth , a highly decorated 24-year old Green Beret from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Maseth was electrocuted in a shower on a U.S. base in Baghdad , Iraq , on January 2 , 2008 . At least 18 troops have been electrocuted in Iraq since 2003 , and many of the electrocutions have been attributed to shoddy electrical work done on U.S. bases -- work managed by U.S. contractors -- according to Pentagon sources . Each of the electrocutions has occurred in different locations and under various circumstances . The violation report shows that electrical shocks and problems with wiring and grounding continued for much of last year , long after Maseth 's electrocution . Heather Browne , a KBR spokesperson , said the company could not comment on the specific language in the document obtained by CNN because KBR had not seen it . But the company has previously said that "  KBR found no link between work it 's been asked to perform and the reported electrocutions " and that "  KBR remains committed to the safety and security of all employees and those the company serves . We have fully cooperated with the government when issues have been raised about work in Iraq and we will continue to do so . " On the death of Maseth , the company has said , "  KBR 's investigation has produced no evidence that KBR was responsible for Sgt. Maseth 's death . We have cooperated fully with all government agencies investigating this matter and will do so in the future . " Last week , CNN obtained other documents that show the Army investigator assigned to look into Maseth 's electrocution blamed KBR for the death , stating that she believed the cause was "  negligent homicide " and that there is "  credible information that KBR 's negligence led to Maseth 's death . " The revelations about the frequency of shocks on bases are found in the complete and detailed report that led to KBR 's citation for being in serious violation of its contract several months ago . At that time , the Pentagon 's Defense Contract Management Agency gave KBR what is known as a "  Level III Corrective Action Request . " That is issued only when a contractor is found in "  serious non-compliance " and is just one step below the possibility of suspending or terminating a contract , Pentagon officials said . While that violation citation was previously known , the report 's precise language and details of KBR 's alleged "  failures " were not known until now . The 45-page report alleges KBR had improper electrical wiring , grounding and overall electrical problems across Iraq . "  The government found systemic KBR failures to properly ground and bond facilities -- failures that contributed to theater personnel receiving shocks in KBR maintained facilities on average once every three days " between September 2006 and July 31 , 2008 , the detailed report says . That information , the report says , came from KBR 's own statistical records . "  The conditions of these facilities created Life , Health , Safety  LHS  conditions for the occupants . The lack of grounding and bonding , among other electrical deficiencies " were "  identified and confirmed by three separate independent inspection teams " from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , the U.S. Army Combat Safety Center and a multinational force working with fire and electricity , the report states . "  Most facilities inspected had electrical deficiencies because KBR failed to consistently follow contract standards every time it constructed or emplaced a facility , inspected a facility , responded to a service order request , or performed maintenance and/or repairs on facilities , generators and utilities , " the report says . Also , the report says , "  the Government is unaware of any efforts undertaken by KBR to independently identify , assess , and implement corrective actions to its electrical support services or quality control inspection program as a result of the extensive number of electrical shock incidents . ... " Sen. Robert Casey , D-Pennsylvania , said his office has received numerous anecdotal reports of U.S. military personnel continuing to receive electric shocks . "  While KBR continues to assure the American people that it has completed its own investigations and has found no evidence of corporate wrongdoing , the emerging facts prove otherwise , " Casey said . "  According to an internal investigation led by the Pentagon 's contract auditors , we now know that KBR failed to comply with basic contractual requirements even while being rewarded with billions of dollars by U.S. taxpayers . " Casey called on the Pentagon "  to treat this issue for the danger it represents . " The Defense Department , he said , "  has taken some encouraging actions -LSB- but -RSB- it needs to do much more . " "  And it is high time that KBR begin to suffer real consequences for what I consider to be blatant contractual noncompliance , " Casey said .	More than 230 shocks reported at U.S. bases in Iraq in 23 months , report says Those facilities were maintained by contractor KBR , federal government says At least 18 troops have been electrocuted in Iraq since 2003 , Pentagon sources say Senator not impressed with KBR 's findings of no link of its work to shocks
CNN  -- More than 30 people are missing after a boat carrying 97 Indonesians sank in waters off Malaysia 's west coast , Indonesian authorities said . The vessel , reportedly carrying undocumented migrant workers heading for Aceh in Indonesia , capsized after leaving Carey Island in Malaysia 's Selangor state on Wednesday morning , the Indonesian Ministry of Foreign Affairs told CNN . Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency said 60 people have been rescued so far , and five bodies have been recovered . However , authorities say the rescue effort is being hampered by low tides . Indonesia 's Deputy Ambassador to Malaysia is en route to the scene near Banting in the Strait of Malacca . U.S. Navy rescues 282 apparent migrants in Mediterranean	60 people rescued from sea 5 bodies have been recovered , more than 30 others still missing Boat capsized in waters off Malaysia 's west coast , authorities said
CNN  -- It was written as a moving tribute to what seemed a promising love affair . But , in retrospect , even the songwriter acknowledges that the words to "  You 're Mine " -- written months ago for Montana bride Jordan Linn Graham -- are "  a little creepy . " "  Everyone wants a safe place to fall , and you 're mine , " Elizabeth Shea wrote in the song for Graham , months before Graham would be accused of shoving her husband , Cody Johnson , off a cliff during an argument . The song was played at their wedding . "  I used words like ` you helped me to climb higher for a better view . You 're my safe place to fall . You never let me go , ' " said Shea , who writes custom songs for a living . "  And so now , when I hear those words , it 's a little creepy . " Graham is accused on a federal charge of second-degree murder . Authorities say she pushed her husband of eight days face-first off a cliff at Glacier National Park in Montana during an argument July 7 . Court documents say Graham acknowledged pushing Johnson . Searchers found his body days later . According to investigators , Graham had been having second thoughts about the relationship and had gone for a hike at the park with Johnson to discuss her reservations . Shea said Graham seemed like any other bride , nervous , stressed and excited -- if a bit reserved . Graham even worked extra hours to afford the songwriting and recording fee for the custom song , Shea said . "  She was excited when she talked about the wedding . When she talked about surprising Cody , she would light up , and that seemed very genuine to me , " Shea said . The case is being heard in federal court because the incident occurred in a national park . On Thursday , a judge ordered Graham released on bail to await trial .	Montana bride accused of shoving husband to death commissioned a custom song "  Everyone wants a safe place to fall , and you 're mine , " the song 's lyrics say "  It 's a little creepy , " songwriter Elizabeth Shea says Jordan Linn Graham seemed like any other bride , Shea says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York Gov. David Paterson met with Senate hopeful Caroline Kennedy Saturday afternoon , but the governor 's spokesman said details of the meeting will be kept private . Caroline Kennedy hopes to replace Hillary Clinton as New York 's junior senator . Erin Duggan , Paterson 's spokesman , said the two met at the governor 's Manhattan office about 2 p.m. ET . She would not disclose what the pair talked about , nor say how long the meeting lasted . Kennedy is one of the candidates hoping to replace Hillary Clinton as New York 's junior senator if the Senate confirms Clinton as secretary of state . Paterson , who has the sole responsibility to replace Clinton , has been the target of intense lobbying efforts by would-be senators in recent weeks . Clinton has said she is staying out of the process of picking her successor and letting Paterson decide . Whoever the governor picks would serve for two years before running in a special election in 2010 . If the candidate won that contest , that person would have to run again in 2012 , when Clinton 's current term ends . Paterson is a Democrat , so the seat is likely to remain in the party 's hands . Kennedy , daughter of the late President John F. Kennedy and niece of longtime Massachusetts Sen. Ted Kennedy , has received the most media attention . However , critics are questioning whether she 's ready to follow the political path taken by family members . Watch Kennedy discuss political aspirations " Kennedy , 51 , has been involved in education reform and women 's issues , but she has never held public office and has mostly stayed out of the public spotlight . Polls have shown some New York voters want another Democrat with a famous last name to be appointed to the seat : state Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , son of former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo .	NY Gov. David Paterson , Caroline Kennedy talk , but details of meeting unknown Kennedy wants to replace Hillary Clinton as New York senator President Kennedy 's daughter has never held public office
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored an extra-time winner as Barcelona came from behind to beat Estudiantes 2-1 in the Club World Cup final on Saturday to confirm the Spanish and European champions as the top team on the planet . Argentina star Messi sunk his compatriots , the South American champions , as he chested in a cross from Daniel Alves with 10 minutes left in Abu Dhabi . Estudiantes took a shock lead against the run of play eight minutes before halftime when Mauro Boselli beat Barcelona fullback Eric Abidal to a left-wing cross from Juan Manuel Diaz to head home . Barcelona poured forward in search of an equalizer , with Europe 's player of the year Messi denied by goalkeeper Damian Albil after a mazy run that saw him beat four opposition players . The Catalan giants finally leveled with just a minute of regulation time left , as defender Gerard Pique -- who had been thrust into a more attacking role -- set up substitute Pedro for a header into the net . The young winger followed up his goal in the 3-1 semifinal victory against Atlante , which made him the first player to score in six different competitions in a single calendar year . Barcelona dominated in extra-time and it was no surprise when Messi pounced with an opportunist effort in the 110th minute to give Barcelona their first title in the event , having lost 1-0 to Internacional in the final three years ago . Asian champions Pohang Steelers claimed third place after beating Mexico 's Atlante 4-3 on penalties after the match finished 1-1 following extra-time . Kim Hyun-Gil scored the winning spot-kick after Song Dong-Jin saved Rafael Marquez 's effort and Horacio Peralta hit the post . Marquez had scored a minute after halftime to cancel out Denilson 's opener three minutes before the interval . Barcelona 's Spanish league lead was reduced to two points as second-placed Real Madrid hammered struggling Zaragoza 6-0 on Saturday . Gonzalo Higuain and Rafael van der Vaart both scored twice in the first half , while Cristiano Ronaldo and substitute Karim Benzema netted after the break . Third-placed Sevilla failed to keep in touch with the leaders , losing 2-1 at home to Getafe , while Athletic Bilbao moved up to sixth with a 2-0 victory over Osasuna . In Germany , Bayer Leverkusen returned to the top of the Bundesliga with a 3-2 win at home to Borussia Moenchengladbach . Schalke are a point back in second after Friday 's 1-0 win over Mainz , while Bayern Munich are two off the leading pace in third following a 5-2 crushing of bottom club Hertha Berlin . Borussia Dortmund climbed to fourth with a 1-0 victory at home to Freiburg . French champions Bordeaux went eight points clear with a 4-1 win at home to Lorient as nearest rivals Marseille , who have played one fewer match , drew 0-0 at St Etienne .	Barcelona come from behind to beat Estudiantes 2-1 in the Club World Cup final Argentina forward Lionel Messi denies his compatriots with the winner in extra-time Estudiantes had led through Mauro Boselli before substitute Pedro leveled late on Barcelona added the title to their European and Spanish crowns from last season
CNN  -- The man who accused pop star Michael Jackson of molesting his son in 1993 killed himself in his New Jersey condo earlier this month , police said . Evan Chandler , 65 , was found by the building 's concierge November 5 after a doctor , who was treating him for cancer , said he missed an appointment , the Jersey City , New Jersey , police report said . Chandler was "  extremely ill " with cancer , the report said . He was working as a dentist in Beverly Hills , California , in 1993 when he said his son , who was 13 at the time , told him that Jackson had molested him . His son revealed it , he said , when he put him under anesthesia to pull a tooth . The Los Angeles County district attorney did not pursue criminal charges against Jackson , but Chandler and his son reached a confidential financial settlement with the singer after filing a lawsuit . Reports at the time said the Chandlers got between $ 16 million and $ 20 million from Jackson 's insurance company . The Chandler accusation became a key part of the prosecution 's case when Jackson was tried and acquitted of molestation a decade later in Santa Barbara County , California . The elder Chandler was found "  on his bed in a lifeless state with a gun in his hand , " the investigator 's report said . "  The victim had a silver revolver in his right hand which was pressed against the right side of his head , " Officer J.S. Sielski wrote . Chandler , who was estranged from most of his family , owned the .38 - caliber pistol he used to kill himself , Jersey City spokesman Stan Eason said . No suicide note was found , Eason added . Chandler 's brother -- a lawyer in Santa Barbara County -- told CNN in 2003 that Chandler feared for his life because of threats made by angry Jackson fans . "  There 's a hard-core group , there was and probably still is , of fanatical fans who see him as a deity , " Ray Chandler told CNN 's Larry King . "  Some of them will go to any lengths that , you know , there 's some who will just go as far as threatening , there 's some who will go -- who will be violent , and you know , you never know how far it is going to go . " Ray Chandler has not responded to calls from CNN for comment about his brother 's death .	In 1993 , Evan Chandler said Michael Jackson had molested son Chandler , a dentist , and son reached undisclosed financial settlement with Jackson Accusation was part of case in 2003 when Jackson was tried , acquitted of molestation charges Chandler , who was ill with cancer ; apparently shot himself
Washington  CNN  -- House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , will unveil a highly anticipated 2012 Republican budget next week that proposes dramatic changes to political lightning rods : entitlements . The plan , to be released Tuesday , calls for a controversial overhaul of Medicare , the health care program for seniors , and imposes deep cuts in Medicaid , which provides health benefits to low-income Americans , according to House Republican sources with knowledge of the proposal . Starting 10 years from now , in 2021 , Americans would no longer enroll in the Medicare program , but instead receive vouchers for private insurance , according to the GOP sources , who stressed anyone 55 or older now would not be affected by the change . The plan is modeled after one Ryan proposed last year with Alice Rivlin , budget director under President Bill Clinton . Details of how Ryan 's Medicare voucher program would work are still unclear , but the Ryan-Rivlin plan said the amount of the voucher -- a lump sum payment from the government -- would be calculated in part by taking the average federal cost per Medicare enrollee . The GOP aims to save billions of dollars in revamping Medicare , a large contributor to the massive federal deficit and debt . Sources said they did not yet know how much savings Ryan would project by drastically changing the Medicare program . On Medicaid , Ryan 's plan calls for deep cuts , as much as $ 1 trillion . The program would also fundamentally change -- the federal share of the Medicaid system would become block grants to the states . CNN has been told that the House GOP budget plan does not call for significant change to the Social Security program . Republicans argue that while Social Security is a factor in the nation 's fiscal crisis , it does n't contribute as much to the soaring debt as Medicare . Two House GOP lawmakers briefed on the proposal told CNN they and others on the House Budget Committee believe it 's a mistake not to tackle Social Security . As for so-called discretionary spending , one of the sources -- who would not speak on the record before the plan is publicly announced -- said Ryan 's proposal promises to roll back spending to 2006 levels . It 's unclear how much that would slash , but it is expected to be far more than the roughly $ 61 billion in spending cuts House Republicans passed in February . Ryan is expected to give specifics on how much savings the plan would create when it is unveiled Tuesday . A GOP source said even with the major cuts and changes in Ryan 's proposal -- essentially a blueprint that guides spending decisions and does not go to the president for his signature -- it would not bring the budget into balance for many years . Still , GOP sources briefed on the plan said it would save hundreds of billions of dollars more than the president 's proposed 2012 budget , and trillions over the next 10 years . The budget would also cut the corporate tax rate , but at the same time do away with tax loopholes for corporations . Ryan 's plan also provides for a permanent extension of all the Bush-era tax cuts , which under a compromise with President Barack Obama were extended last year through 2012 . House Republican leaders have been signaling for some time that they plan dramatic and controversial changes to entitlement programs in order to rein in the budget deficit and debt . Knowing that the proposed changes will be politically risky and elicit an onslaught of criticism , Ryan and Republican Whip Kevin McCarthy have been holding sessions two or three times a week with House Republicans to try to arm them with information about the gravity of the debt problem and why it needs to be fixed . CNN was allowed into one of these meetings last month , and heard Ryan lay out for his GOP colleagues in stark terms what he calls the "  tidal wave " of debt the country is facing . "  The Congressional Budget Office has this economic model where they measure the economy going forward , and they are telling us that the entire economy crashes in the year 2037 because their computer simulation ca n't conceive of any way in which the U.S. economy can continue , " Ryan told the GOP group . "  By the time my kids are my age , just those three programs -- Social Security , Medicaid and Medicare -- will consume all federal revenues . There will be no room for anything else in the federal budget , " Ryan said . When Ryan proposed a version of his Medicare overhaul idea last year , known as his "  road map , " Democrats skewered it and tried to use it as a campaign weapon against Republicans across the country . Obama has often said it is important for Washington to address entitlement spending . But the president has not offered any specific proposals , and Republicans suggest he wants them to take the first risky steps . Multiple GOP sources admit the timing of Ryan 's 2012 budget proposal is tricky . It will be released in the middle of down-to-the-wire , contentious negotiations with Democrats about a spending measure to keep the government running for the rest of this 2011 fiscal year . CNN has been told that GOP leaders considered delaying the release of Ryan 's budget until this year 's spending differences are resolved . However , they decided to go ahead with it in hopes showing major cuts and reforms planned for next year will calm rank-and-file conservatives who feel the leadership is too compromising on spending cuts .	Seniors would get vouchers for private insurance Medicaid would be cut by up to $ 1 trillion Corporate tax rate would be cut , but corporation loopholes would end Proposal would not touch Social Security
CNN  -- Germany 's government has asked America 's top spy chief stationed in the country to leave . It 's a punitive gesture usually reserved for adversarial nations in times of crisis and only very rarely for an ally , particularly a very close one . But allegations of American spying have seriously injured German trust , Chancellor Angela Merkel has said . And it 's time for a reset . Germany let loose the diplomatic slap , reminiscent of a Cold War rebuke , after news of two new possible U.S. espionage cases broke back to back in a week 's time . Two Germans -- one working at a German intelligence agency , the other in the Ministry of Defense -- are suspected of spying for the United States . Local media report that both cases involve stolen official German documents . The U.S. official shown the door is based in Berlin at the U.S. Embassy , which followed up on Friday 's announcement with a note to journalists : "  The U.S. Embassy has seen the reports that Germany has asked the U.S. Mission Germany 's intelligence chief to leave the country . As a standard practice , we will not comment on intelligence matters . " A German official confirmed that person was the CIA 's station chief and that the agency 's director , John Brennan , has talked multiple times with his German counterpart . ` So much stupidity ' Top German government officials have candidly spoken about the decision to expel the U.S. official as they poured their disappointment over alleged U.S. spying into microphones and cameras for days . Most pointedly , Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble casually described the alleged U.S. actions as "  daft " before a television talk show audience . "  One can only cry over so much stupidity , " he said . He based his remarks on the essential value of Germany 's cooperation with U.S. intelligence agencies to fight international terrorism and complained that spying spoils the relationship . Legal action The latest allegations weigh densely on ties already burdened since Edward Snowden leaked indications that the National Security Agency tapped into Merkel 's own cell phone . They have seemingly undone any of Washington 's diplomatic smoothing over previously alleged NSA intrusions . One of the new cases has landed on top of an existing investigation on federal prosecutors ' desks into the possible spying on Merkel . The NSA scandal has also prompted prosecutors to set up a new special committee to investigate and criminally prosecute cyberspying by foreign intelligence . Merkel deferred to the pending results of those investigations , but it did n't stop her from expressing on Thursday the disappointment she feels over the suspected acts . "  From a common sense standpoint , in my opinion , spying on allies is , in the end , a waste of energy . We have so many problems , and we should , I find , concentrate on the essentials . " ISIS , Syria , terrorism -- all take priority over spying on each other , she said . And trust between allies is vital . Privacy is sacred To understand Germany 's particular hurt over spying allegations , one need only to look at the country 's history in the 20th century , when oppressive fascist and communist regimes spied on citizens in order to persecute them . During the Cold War , high-level spy scandals stoked division between then divided democratic West Germany and communist East Germany . The scandals triggered government shakedowns and deep public outrage in the West . As a result of the Nazi past , democratic , postwar Germany has instituted very strict privacy laws that prohibit government agencies , companies and private individuals from gathering or passing even simple information about citizens without their express consent . Or in criminal cases , without probable cause . Data protection is so sacred in Germany that advertisers there are prevented from profiling prospective consumers . Top U.S. , German diplomats to meet Amid the new allegations , the top U.S. and German diplomats are expected to meet in Vienna , Austria , this weekend during multination negotiations about the future of Iran 's nuclear program , a senior U.S. State Department official said . While the official said U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and German Foreign Minister Frank Walter Steinmeier will touch on topics such as the Middle East and Ukraine , it 'd be hard to imagine the two ignoring the spy issue . Across the Atlantic in Washington , the new allegations have also raised the eyebrows of some elected officials . "  I am concerned that we are sending the wrong message to a key ally , " said Democratic Sen. Mark Udall of Colorado . Otherwise , administration officials have countered their German counterparts ' candor with lips as sealed as those at the U.S. Embassy in Berlin . White House spokesman Josh Earnest declined to comment on the reported intelligence activity as a matter of policy , to protect American national security and "  intelligence assets . " "  I 'm not going to have anything more to add on that front , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told a journalist who asked if reports of Germany booting the U.S. intelligence official were true . German journalists who contacted Washington officials for comment on the cases , when news of them first broke , reported receiving e-mail replies containing only two words , which they included in their articles in the original English : "  No comment . " Germany calls in U.S. ambassador over new spying allegation Germany investigating alleged U.S. surveillance of Merkel 's phone India summons U.S. diplomat over report of NSA spying CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this story .	Leading German officials openly express disgust over new spying allegations The finance minister calls alleged U.S. spying "  daft , " says it makes him want to cry Allegations of NSA spying trigger special prosecutors ' panel on foreign cyberspying The new allegations land on top of an investigation into NSA spying on Chancellor Merkel
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Bedouin who was just a boy when a U.S. Navy pilot 's plane crashed in the Iraqi desert in 1991 was the key to finding his remains more than 18 years after he was killed , the Pentagon says . Marines conduct recovery efforts at the crash site of U.S. Navy Capt. Michael Scott Speicher , shot down in 1991 . The new details of the final hunt for U.S. Navy pilot Scott Speicher , who was lost over Iraq on the opening night of the Gulf War in January 1991 , were released by the Pentagon Friday . Two sites were searched by U.S. troops who dug west of Baghdad , Iraq , in Anbar province , one at the plane crash site and another 2 kilometers away . The remains of Capt. Speicher were found at the second location . The U.S. military has long said Speicher had ejected out of his jet after it was hit by an Iraqi missile . After years of searching , it was just last month that the military got the crucial information that led them to the burial site . A Bedouin who was just 11 years old at the time of the crash came forward and connected the military with other locals who had knowledge of generally where the crash and burial locations were . The tipster did not know exactly where Speicher was buried but he knew others who had the knowledge , the military statement explained . "  He willingly provided his information during general discussion with MNF-W -LSB- Multi-National Force-West -RSB- personnel and stated he was unaware of the U.S. government 's interest in this case until queried by U.S. investigators in July 2009 , " according to the statement . Bedouin are desert-dwelling nomadic Arabs . One hundred and fifty U.S. military troops were dispatched to dig for the remains at the crash site and did not find any sign of the pilot . At the second site the troops discovered skeletal fragments , according to the statement . Dental records initially identified the bones as Speicher 's and , on August 2 , DNA results came back positive . Speicher 's remains will be taken to Jacksonville , Florida , for burial , according to a family spokeswoman . Speicher was a lieutenant commander when shot down , but because his status remained uncertain , he received promotions during the past 18 years , reaching the rank of captain .	U.S. Navy pilot Scott Speicher lost over Iraq opening night of Gulf War in 1991 Two sites searched by U.S. troops , west of Baghdad , Iraq , in Anbar province A Bedouin , 11 at time of crash , connected military with locals who knew of crash Speicher 's remains will be taken to Jacksonville , Florida , for burial
CNN  -- At least seven people died and dozens were injured as Syrian troops assaulted demonstrators who took to the streets after Friday prayers , witnesses and activists said . Troops used gunfire amid protests in the Damascus suburb of Douma , according to witnesses and opposition sources , and one witness saw at least six dead demonstrators taken into a hospital morgue . Witnesses also said a man was shot in the head with a rubber bullet and dozens were injured . Another death and 10 injuries occurred when troops shot at protesters marching toward the southern town of Al Sanameen , witnesses said . Protests also were reported by witnesses in the cities of Daraa , Latakia , Homs , Baniyas and Kamishli , sources said . Opposition sources cited witnesses in Homs as saying thousands of people had gathered around a mosque . Security forces used tear gas in several locations to try to disperse demonstrators , witnesses said . Anti-government activists had promised demonstrations in Syria on Friday to air their grievances against the Bashar al-Assad government . Tensions have been high as dozens of people have been killed recently in Daraa in the south and Latakia in the west -- both centers of ferment . Thousands of demonstrators from different villages and towns gathered near Daraa and marched toward Al Sanameen . They were 25,000 strong by the time they reached a military checkpoint just outside the city , witnesses said . About 1,000 heavily armed troops at the checkpoint fired on demonstrators forcibly trying to cross the spot and enter Al Sanameen , witnesses said . "  Their blood is on my shirt and we are tending to the wounded as we speak , " a witness said . Ambulance sirens could be heard in the background during the witness 's phone call to CNN . Demonstrators are staying at the checkpoint and demanding they be allowed into the city . According to an eyewitness , the gunfire had stopped and protesters were trying to appeal to soldiers , chanting , "  The people and the army are one hand . " They also chanted , "  With our bloods , our souls we will sacrifice for you , Daraa . " One witness said security forces attacked thousands of protesters at the "  big mosque " in the center of Douma with electric batons , tear gas and live ammunition . "  I have never in my life seen such violence : men shooting guns into an unarmed crowd without a thought , " said the eyewitness , who had been hurt in an electric-baton beating and taken to the hospital for a head injury . Along with the six dead , he said , he saw dozens of wounded , many of whom were seriously injured . Another Douma demonstrator claimed his son had been injured in the gunfire . Haitham Maleh , a Syrian human rights lawyer recently freed from prison , said he spoke to rights activists who reported two deaths in Douma . Witnesses said a mosque in Kafr Sousa , another Damascus suburb , had been surrounded by security forces who had fired rubber bullets , and Maleh said he was told about the unrest there . "  Hundreds are now trapped in Abdul Karim Rifai mosque in Kafr Sousa near Damascus , " he said . "  They called me to say that more than 50 people were injured and taken away from the mosque to security headquarters after being brutally beaten in the street . " CNN could not independently confirm the witness accounts , and it is not known whether the two people Maleh reported dead are among or in addition to the six the eyewitness reported . The Syrian government has made no public comment about Friday 's events , though the Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  , citing an official source , said armed groups in Douma fired on security forces and civilians , killing "  several " people and injuring "  dozens " of others . In Homs , a group shot into a crowd , killing a girl , SANA said . The agency reported protesters and security forces did not clash in Daraa and Latakia . In some Syrian provinces , people took to the streets to call for national unity , SANA said . Activists , who have many political and economic grievances , have been riled in recent days by President al-Assad . They are upset that he failed to announce the lifting of the country 's state of emergency during a national TV address on Wednesday and did n't properly address , in their view , complaints and concerns of people in the streets . On Thursday , however , Syria said it will study the idea of lifting the country 's state of emergency and promptly investigate the deaths of civilians and troops in two flashpoint regions . Al-Assad ordered the Supreme Judicial Council to form a committee that would conduct "  an immediate investigation in all cases that killed a number of civilians and military personnel . " The committee exploring the lifting of the emergency law is expected to complete the study before April 25 . It will be made up of senior lawyers , SANA reported . One of the key demands of the demonstrators who have taken to the streets in the country 's major cities is the scrapping of the law , which has been in place since 1963 . The emergency law allows the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . It also bars detainees who have n't been charged from filing court complaints or from having a lawyer present during interrogations . "  It 's extremely disappointing that President al-Assad has done nothing more than repeat the same vague promises of reform that he 's been uttering for over a decade , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  What 's needed immediately if the authorities are to restore any shred of credibility are concrete actions to dismantle Syria 's special courts and abolish provisions that criminalize free speech , assembly and association . " CNN 's Mustafa al-Arab contributed to this report .	NEW : Armed groups fire on security forces and civilians in Douma , SANA reports A witness says he saw at least six dead in Douma One person is dead and 10 are wounded in Al Sanameen , witnesses say Dozens more are said to be injured
Washington  CNN  -- A key congressional committee opened its investigation Thursday into the November 5 Fort Hood shootings with a pledge to find out if authorities failed to "  connect the dots " and could have prevented the attack . The head of the committee promised the inquiry would not interfere with a separate investigation into the shootings being conducted by Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Attorney General Eric Holder . "  Their investigation looks backward and is punitive . Ours looks forward and is preventive , " said Senate Homeland Security Committee Chairman Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , a U.S. Army psychiatrist , is accused of opening fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood Army Post , killing 13 people . Dozens of others were wounded . Hasan was shot and paralyzed during the attack and remains in a military hospital . Lieberman said the committee will carry out its investigation "  with respect for the thousands of Muslim-Americans who are serving in the American military with honor and the millions of other patriotic , law-abiding Muslims who live in our country . " But , he added , "  we do no favor to all our fellow Americans who are Muslim by ignoring real evidence that a small number of their community have , in fact , become violent Islamists and extremists . " Lieberman said the committee 's investigation will focus on whether concerns raised by Hasan 's colleagues about his "  mental stability and political extremism " were dealt with appropriately by senior Army officials . Among other things , a memo reportedly written two years ago by Hasan 's supervisor at Walter Reed Army Medical Center says Hasan demonstrated "  a pattern of poor judgment and a lack of professionalism " during his residency at the hospital . CNN could not corroborate the authenticity of the memo , which was obtained by National Public Radio . Lieberman also said the committee will examine a lack of response by federal authorities after uncovering an exchange of e-mails between Hasan and a radical cleric accused of having ties to al Qaeda . The FBI has said it was aware of communication between Hasan and Anwar al-Awlaki , a Yemeni-American cleric who has promoted jihad against the United States and other Western countries . But investigators determined that those contacts were "  consistent with research being conducted by Maj. Hasan . " Also , Lieberman noted , the committee will look into whether information on Hasan gathered by a joint terrorism task force was shared with officials in the Army , the Defense Department or elsewhere . Maine Sen. Susan Collins , the ranking Republican on the committee , said Hasan 's case "  raises questions about whether or not restrictive rules have a chilling effect on the legitimate dissemination of information , making it too difficult to connect the dots that would have allowed a clear picture of the threat to emerge . " But a law enforcement official familiar with the investigation told CNN that when Hasan first came to the attention of investigators because of his communications with al-Awlaki , officials looked at his military personnel file and nothing was found that raised suspicion . None of the items that have been reported since the shootings -- including the reported memo from his Walter Reed supervisor or a Power Point presentation arguing that Muslims in the Army should be given conscientious objector status -- were part of the file , the official said , but it was noted that Hasan had done research about Muslims in the military . Thursday 's hearing included testimony from former Army Vice Chief of Staff Gen. John Keane , Rand Corp. consultant Brian Jenkins and New York City Police Department intelligence analyst Mitchell Silber . "  At a glance , Maj. Hasan 's rampage at Fort Hood looks a lot like what used to be called ` going postal , ' " Jenkins said . It was "  a deepening sense of personal grievance culminating in a homicidal rampage directed against co-workers -- in this case , fellow soldiers . "  For Hasan , ` going jihad ' reflects the channeling of obvious personality problems into a deadly fanaticism , " he said . The committee launched its investigation only hours before Gates announced a 45-day review of Pentagon policies to see if the Defense Department has fallen short in identifying service members "  who could potentially pose credible threats to others . " The review will be led by former Army Secretary Togo West and retired Adm. Vern Clark , a former Navy chief . At the same time , the Army will conduct its own , more detailed review of its policies and whether they could have prevented the shootings at the post in Texas . And those will be followed by a four - to six-month study of "  systemic institutional shortcomings " conducted by each of the armed services . The Fort Hood shooting has "  broader implications for society ... particularly in these lone wolf cases , which are the hardest , " Lieberman said . "  When people hear people saying things that seem extreme ... respecting First Amendment rights , you 've got to begin to reach out and see if you can stop somebody before they do something very harmful . "	Incident has "  broader implications for society , " Sen. Joe Lieberman says Congressional committee opens inquiry into massacre at Fort Hood , Texas Lieberman : Feds ' lack of response after uncovering e-mails will be examined Also to be investigated is whether task force information about suspect was shared
The National Football League 's new domestic violence policy will be tested just three days after it was implemented by Commissioner Roger Goodell . San Jose , California , police arrested the San Francisco 49ers ' starting defensive end Ray McDonald on Sunday on felony domestic violence charges . Police say they responded at 2:48 a.m. to a reported incident , and after "  the domestic violence allegation was substantiated , " they took the 6-foot-3 , 290 pound lineman into custody and booked him . CNN affiliate KTVU reports that several of McDonald 's 49er teammates were at his house at the time of the arrest . "  The 49ers organization is aware of the recent reports regarding Ray McDonald and we take such matters seriously . As we continue to gather the facts , we will reserve further comment , " team General Manager Trent Baalke said in a statement . After he posted bail and was released from jail later Sunday , McDonald told KTVU he could n't say much about what happened . "  The truth will come out , " he said . "  Everybody knows what kind of person I am ... a good-hearted person . " This is n't McDonald 's first brush with the law , according to KTVU . The station says in 2010 , McDonald was arrested for an outstanding warrant stemming from a DUI arrest . Goodell announced on Thursday that the league was instituting a six-game unpaid ban for personnel who violate the league 's policy on domestic violence . A second domestic violence incident would be punished by a lifetime ban from the league , Goodell said in a letter and memo to the owners of the league 's 32 teams . The NFL had endured relentless criticism after only suspending Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice for two games , several months after video showed Rice dragging his unconscious fiancee -- whom he later married -- from an elevator . Without referring to Rice by name , Goodell acknowledged in his letter that he made the wrong decision in that case . "  I did n't get it right . Simply put , we have to do better . And we will , " he wrote . The NFL Players Association responded on Thursday to Goodell 's enhanced penalties "  We were informed -LSB- Thursday -RSB- of the NFL 's decision to increase penalties on domestic violence offenders under the Personal Conduct Policy for all NFL employees . As we do in all disciplinary matters , if we believe that players ' due process rights are infringed upon during the course of discipline , we will assert and defend our members ' rights , " said the association 's statement . McDonald , 29 , is expected to play a key role in the 49ers defense this coming season . The team has already lost outside linebacker Aldon Smith , arguably its best defensive player , to a nine-game suspension for violating the NFL 's substance abuse and personal conduct policies . McDonald has played almost all of the 49ers ' games since 2008 . He was drafted out of the University of Florida in 2007 .	"  The truth will come out , " Ray McDonald tells CNN affiliate KTVU The 49ers ' defensive lineman was arrested on domestic violence charges The team says it is taking the matter seriously NFL increased standard punishments for domestic violence on Thursday
CNN  -- George Carlin once said , "  I do n't automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom . You know when I wash my hands ? When I s ** t on them . " A few years before he passed away , I actually had a chance to shake George 's unwashed hand . And while I certainly do n't regret getting to meet the man , I am , now , slightly concerned with whether or not I immediately enjoyed any post-introduction Doritos . That cheese residue on your fingers -- it 's so good . Of course , George 's hands were probably just as unclean as anybody else 's , considering only 5 % of us actually wash properly in the first place , according to a new trending study from Michigan State University . Mind you , this startling statistic is not to suggest that the other 95 % of us simply stare at a bar of soap , silently drool a little , and then wear it as a hat . For the most part we all get the general concept of soap . But what it really means is that many people do n't actually wash for long enough to kill infectious germs . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , one must spend at least 15 seconds scrubbing with soap and water to effectively clean away the disgusting remnants of whatever the hell it was you just picked off your thigh . "  Give it to me straight , Doc . Is it cancer ? " "  It 's a Skittle . " Fifteen seconds of washing does n't sound like much , but it is . Seriously . Try doing anything for that long , like reading or helping others . It 's damn near impossible . In fact , right now I want you to start mock-washing your hands while counting up . I promise you 'll start feeling silly by the time you get to seven . Which is only halfway , and a full second longer than the average wash , which lasts six seconds . Yet , a solid 15-Mississippi is what 's required of us so we do n't go around town dirty and diseased , recklessly giving each other burning sensations . That 's what Bangkok is for . I saw that "  Hangover " sequel . So , to find out all this gross and unfortunate information , Michigan State University researchers stealthily observed 3,749 people in public restrooms . Which I 'm sure was n't at all creepy . "  What ? You do n't take a camping chair to public bathrooms ? " In addition to discovering that most of us fail to wash properly -- especially men -- they also learned that 33 % of people do n't use soap , and 10 % did n't even bother to wash at all . And , sadly , there 's a pretty good chance one of those individuals just made your sandwich . And by "  made " I mean smothered it in little tiny particles of human filth . Carl Borchgrevink , professor of hospitality business and lead investigator in the study , noted that , "  These findings were surprising to us because past research suggested that proper hand washing is occurring at a much higher rate . " So , it seems we 've gotten lazy . Which is why some food and  especially  health care businesses are turning to technology . The basic message : You 're all dirty and gross , so we 're bringing in robots . For example , there 's CloudClean which issues food service employees an ID badge . When a server or cook walks into the restroom , a wall-mounted sensor notes the individual 's arrival . Another sensor is located on the soap dispenser . If Suzie forgets to wash her hands -- which is rather likely since she was probably only in there to smoke pot during her break -- the ID badge will gently beep as a reminder . Then , if Suzie completely fails to wash before leaving the room , the system automatically updates her Facebook status with embarrassing photos . When it comes to punishment and public humiliation , CloudClean does n't mess around . Actually , the system just notifies management that Suzie probably should n't be on fish duty . But the other idea would definitely work , too . Another similar system , Biovigil , also uses electronic badges . When a doctor or nurse enters a patient 's room , the badge reminds the individual to use sanitizer . Then , he or she holds a hand up to the badge which detects alcohol . If sanitizer has been used , the badge turns green so everyone knows . And all this is recorded in a central server . It actually seems like a great system for busy and distracted health care workers , hopefully making germs one less thing to worry about . As opposed to all those cancerous Skittles growing on your thigh .	Michigan State University study says only 5 % of people properly wash their hands The CDC recommends 15 seconds of scrubbing with soap New technologies are helping workers in the food and health care industries
In the poor suburbs of Casablanca , Morocco 's largest city , home-grown hip-hop artists blare from radios , clubs and street corners around the clock . Unlike the majority of their commercial American counterparts , these rappers do n't talk much about women , partying and luxury lifestyles ; but poverty , illiteracy , crime , and the high cost of living . According to a recent report from the World Bank , nearly half of young Moroccans are either unemployed or out of school . For 28-year-old rapper Mohammed Hoummas , who goes by the stage name Si Simo , the situation reflects a growing inequality between Morocco 's rich and poor . Indeed , his most popular song , "  Kilimini " speaks directly of the wealth gap in Moroccan society . "  They have croissant for breakfast while we eat bread dipped in cheap oil . They dine on grilled meat while we fight over an ounce of meat like worms , " he sings . "  Why did I write ` Kilimini ? ' Look around where I live and you 'll understand why I wrote it . To say it simply : Here in Morocco the people who have power , they can do what they want , say what they want , and no one will judge them or say anything to them , " he said . As a child Si Simo listened to Bob Marley and was inspired to write his own music . He says he could n't afford to buy a guitar so his words became his instrument , and he started rapping at 15 . "  I expressed my feelings about things I lived through , the things that hurt me , the life experiences that marked me , " he said . Internet penetration in Morocco has increased from just 15 % of the population in 2007 , to 49 % in 2011 , according to Internet World Statistics . As such , the country 's rap and hip-hop scene has exploded in popularity in urban centers -- where internet access is highest -- as home-grown artists take advantage of the ability to share and distribute their productions more widely . National festivals such as Casablanca 's Casa Music Festival and capital city Rabat 's Mawazine increasingly showcase the talents of both domestic and international musicians , including the likes of Busta Rhymes and Kanye West . Now a stalwart on the scene , Si Simo gained fame with the rap group Fez City Clan , making enough money from concerts and touring to move out of his run-down neighbourhood in Casablanca . He still returns regularly , and is regarded as a local success story and inspiration . "  I listen to rap and fusion music , but mostly rap , and especially Si Simo because he 's from this neighborhood , " said a local man . "  I 'm 19 and I 'm a rapper . I think hip-hop is a way to express ourselves . I think it can change a lot of things , " said another . But that change can come at a price . In February of last year , as the Arab Spring swept across the region , pro-reform protests erupted across Morocco . The government reacted swiftly . Morocco 's king , Mohammed VI , announced several reforms , including new parliamentary elections , civic and social equality for women , and recognition of the indigenous Berber language as an official state language along with Arabic . But for many , especially among Morocco 's disenchanted young , it was n't enough . Rapper Mouad Belghouat , better known as "  Al Haqed "  "  The Enraged One "  , became a figurehead for the pro-reform February 20 Movement when he was arrested in March 2011 for his song "  Kilab Al Dawla " or "  Dogs of the State , " in which he criticizes the police for brutality and corruption . "  You are paid to protect the citizens , not to steal their money , " read the lyrics . "  Did your commander order you to take money from the poor ? " The song asks the police to arrest the wealthy businessmen who , he says , have divided the country up for themselves . A Casablanca court sentenced Belghouat to one year in prison for hurting the image of the police . The conviction drew widespread criticism from Belghouat 's supporters on both his website and on social media outlets , as well as condemnation from Human Rights Watch , among others . For Ali Chabani , a Moroccan sociology professor , the discontentment expressed in the lyrics of Morocco 's growing band of hip hop artists is an inevitable product of the country 's lack of social unity : "  The youth started suffering from unemployment , they started feeling marginalized and found it difficult to afford a dignified life or to establish themselves in society and so began to feel excluded , " he said . Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN , writer George Webster : @George_Web and digital producer Mairi Mackay : @mairicnn .	Morocco 's hip-hop scene is focused on the country 's social inequalities Rappers such as Si Simo rage against perceived corruption of police and state Music has become more popular as internet access increased across country
