CNN  -- Now that the campaign is over and Barack Obama has won a second term , the hard business of governing begins again . There 's a presidential inbox waiting and it 's not too hard to figure out what 's in it . Problems do n't have Democrat or Republican stamped on them : they just are . So here are my top five issues facing the president . Finding our footing in the new Arab world Obviously this election was about the economy first , second and third . But the world intrudes . Our election campaign did not keep terrorists from killing American diplomats in Benghazi , nor did it stop the violence in Syria . When all the ballots are counted and the parks swept clean of the debris from election night rallies , President Obama will have to figure out what is happening in this very volatile part of the world and what , if anything , we do about it . We intervened in Libya to get rid of an awful dictator , but so far we have not intervened to get rid of the awful dictator in Syria . As the violence escalates and the Syrian president wreaks ever more death and destruction on his people , will we be drawn into an intervention there too ? After 9/11 we went to war with Iraq over a mistaken fear of nuclear weapons . Is Iran developing nuclear weapons or are we wrong to be concerned ? Will we go to war with Iran too ? Opinion : Obama will get little time to celebrate Preventing the fiscal cliff While President Obama has been crisscrossing the country looking for votes , the people left behind in Washington have been wringing their hands over the dangers posed to the fragile economic recovery by the severe combination of spending cuts and tax increases that are due to kick in on New Year 's Eve . This so-called "  fiscal cliff " was the result of politicians kicking the can down the road a few years ago . Will they do it again ? Or will there be a grand bargain that actually puts the country on the path to smaller deficits ? World worries as U.S. fiscal cliff looms There are plenty of plans on the shelf waiting , including those put together by the big deficit reduction commissions such as Simpson/Bowles and Rivlin/Domenici . And there 's the plan almost put together by President Obama and House Speaker John Boehner . The problem is n't the lack of plans ; it 's the lack of courage . The outlines of any deal have been clear for some time now : Democrats have to give up some spending , especially on entitlements like Social Security and Medicare , and Republicans have to allow for some new taxes . Each side has to hold it 's nose if a deal is to be done . Which brings me to the next issue facing President Obama : Opinion : Obama 's victory wo n't transform America Dealing with the Republicans Obama must figure out how to deal with a Republican Party in Congress that has become dysfunctional . In 2010 a relatively small group of voters calling themselves the Tea Party launched a surprise attack on the leadership of the Republican Party . Under President Bush , the Republican Party had gotten a little too fond of world domination and a little too dismissive of the party 's traditional concern for fiscal discipline . Frankly , they deserved a trip to the woodshed . But once their new majority in the House of Representatives was won , the leadership overreacted , and rather than forge a majority that could perhaps make some progress , they cowered before their new members like frightened children . The result ? No progress . If the Republican leadership continues to tremble before their most radical members , the entire party risks a rightward slide off the face of the earth . And President Obama will have to figure out how to work around them . Analysis : Obama won with a better ground game Cutting a deal on tax reform It 's been 25 years since a Democratic Congress and President Reagan cleaned out the tax code and achieved lower rates and fewer loopholes . But tax loopholes grow back like dandelions in the garden . The current tax code is a mess . It rewards some sectors of the economy and not others . It distorts business decision-making and it makes sure that those who do n't need it have plenty of tax deductions . It 's time to weed that garden once again . Amazingly enough in this era of extreme polarization , both presidential candidates have expressed support for lowering the corporate tax rate to 25 % and simplifying the corporate side of the code . It 's possible that they could agree on the easy stuff on the corporate side and move to the harder stuff on the individual side . Tax reform will be part and parcel of a long-term deficit deal . Tax cuts for the oil and gas industry are a favorite target of President Obama , and they are just one example of many industry-specific tax breaks that might get swept up in a big tax deal . Share your reaction to the election outcome Climate change And finally I come to the issue that was not mentioned in the presidential campaign : climate change . The Democrats ' one attempt at climate change legislation died in 2010 , a victim of the recession and also of the fear that confronting it would increase energy costs on a public still reeling from the meltdown . The failure of the climate bill began , however , the issue 's long , slow slide into oblivion ; a slide so complete that both candidates spent their debates falling all over themselves to prove they were friends of coal . But coal is the big culprit in climate change , a fact conveniently ignored when the votes of Ohio are at stake . How fitting then , that in the very last week of the campaign , a gigantic hurricane would destroy the Jersey shore and close down lower Manhattan . The seas are rising after all ; there is something happening after all . What , President Obama , are you going to do about it ? The options are plentiful , from taxing carbon to pouring more money into green energy . They just have n't been very palatable . Maybe hurricane Sandy can change that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elaine Kamarck	Elaine Kamarck : In his second term , there are five immediate challenges for Obama She says he must find United States ' footing in fragile Arab world Kamarck : He must reach a grand bargain with GOP to avoid fiscal cliff Kamarck : He must find way to deal with fractious Republican party ; confront climate change
CNN  -- When will homophobia in the United States start seeming so ridiculous it 's laughable ? Not in 2013 , it seems . Certainly not this week . On Thursday , the governor of Pennsylvania , Tom Corbett , grinned as he compared , in a television interview , same-sex marriage to a brother marrying his sister . "  I apologize to anybody who feels offended by that , " he said later . Feels offended ? Please . That 's offensive . Worse , football players and other students from Ole Miss reportedly heckled a Tuesday night performance of "  The Laramie Project , " a play about a gay college student , Matthew Shepard , who was tortured and murdered in 1998 . They yelled anti-gay slurs , including the three-letter f-bomb , the play 's director told the university newspaper . "  This behavior by some students reflects poorly on all of us , and it reinforces our commitment to teaching inclusivity and civility to young people who still have much to learn , " two university officials said in a prepared statement . Homophobes and the football teams that harbor them understand they should apologize . Maybe that should be seen as an improvement . But it does n't seem genuine to me . These apologies are designed to placate the gay community , not embrace it . The comments themselves are reduced to the realm of political gaffes instead of being seen for what they are , which is hate speech that contributes to gay kids committing suicide and to parents rejecting kids who come out to them as gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender . So , how to respond ? One route has been taken by writers like Edward Aschoff at ESPN and Greg Couch at FOX Sports . They 've called for Ole Miss to find and suspend the football players who yelled the slurs . Another way to react -- the one I 'd prefer -- would be to laugh these inane remarks off because they 're so isolated and are n't indicative of attitudes in modern America . But that 's clearly not the case yet . I spent two weeks in Mississippi earlier this year talking to LGBT people , both closeted and open . The state is hostile to them . Celebrate same-sex marriage in California all you want , but in Mississippi , and in many other states , gay people not only ca n't get married , but they also can be fired by their employers , evicted by landlords and denied the right to adopt children simply because of their sexual orientation . Related : The county where no one 's gay These comments are n't random or isolated . They come from a place of deep-seated ignorance about homosexuality and gay people that leads both to hateful slurs and backward legal arguments . Silencing those voices wo n't do the trick . They need to be won over . The university is taking a smart step by requiring all students who attended the play on Tuesday night to participate in a "  dialogue session " about the hate speech . But I 'll also propose a symbolic response : Root for Ole Miss. . If you 're going to their game versus Auburn at 7 p.m. ET on Saturday , or to other games this season , wear something to indicate your support for the LGBT rights movement . If you 're staying home , tweet a photo or put it on Instagram with the hashtag #gaysforolemiss . Or , if that feels weirdly new-media-for-the-sake-of-it , just tell a friend that you hope Ole Miss wins the game . Dear Auburn fans : I do n't hate you . Please do n't e-mail me . One problem I encountered in Mississippi is that LGBT people are largely invisible . They can be out and open about who they are , but their friends and neighbors are comfortable ignoring them , pretending they do n't exist , or pretending that 's not who they are . The antidote : Be seen . And give people a chance to change . Show the football players that Gay America is on their side -- that we want to see them succeed . And if you ca n't do it for them , do it for Garrison Gibbons , who told the Daily Mississippian about what it was like to be the only openly gay member of the heckled cast . " ... -LSB- T -RSB- o be ridiculed like that was something that really made me realize that some people at Ole Miss and in Mississippi still ca n't accept me for who I am . " If you 're in Mississippi , prove him wrong . If not , show him you 've got his back . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Ole Miss football players reportedly heckle a performance of "  The Laramie Project " John Sutter : It would be nice if we could laugh at such stupidity ; but we ca n't yet The solution is to give the football players a chance to change , Sutter says Sutter : One way to do that is by supporting Ole Miss and its team
BUTTE , Montana  CNN  -- Three families with young children were heading to a ski vacation together when their plane crashed into a cemetery in Montana , loved ones of the victims said Monday . Dr. Erin Jacobson and his family , shown here in a photo from November , were killed in the crash . Federal investigators said that with no flight data recorder or cockpit voice recorder on the plane and no survivors , an investigation into what caused the crash could last months . "  This is going to take a while , " National Transportation Safety Board Acting Chairman Mark Rosenker said at a news conference Monday . Investigators are looking into whether the single-engine plane was overloaded , what role weather may have played in the accident and what made the pilot decide to divert to Butte , he said . He urged reporters not to "  jump to conclusions " about the crash . Early speculation focused on the fact that there were 14 people aboard the 10-seat aircraft , but Rosenker said young children often travel on the laps of adult passengers and urged reporters not to rush to judgment about the cause of the crash . "  To jump to conclusions is a disservice to your readers and to those who are watching your broadcasts , " he said . "  This will be a long and tedious investigation -- extremely thorough . We will look at every factor which could affect the performance of this aircraft . " Investigators said seven adults and seven children were on board , and all died in the crash Sunday . Authorities have not publicly identified the victims . But colleagues and loved ones have named all 14 . Watch friend describe how victim was "  like family " " On Monday some of the victims ' relatives visited the site of the wreck . St. Helena Hospital in St. Helena , California , said an ophthalmologist who worked there was killed , along with his family . "  The St. Helena Hospital family is filled with such deep sadness over the deaths of Dr. Erin Jacobson , his wife Amy , and their three children , Taylor , Ava and Jude , " the hospital said in a written statement , adding , "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of each victim of this terrible tragedy . " A friend of the Jacobson family said the Jacobson children were 4 , 3 , and 2 years of age . A dental practice in Valley Springs , California , said dentist Michael Pullen and his wife , Vanessa , were on the plane with their 9-year-old daughter , Sydney , and 7-year-old son , Christopher . The family is from Galt , California . Dr. James DuHamel of DuHamel & Pullen Family Dental said the two families were related . Vanessa Pullen , a physician in Elk Grove , was the sister of Amy Jacobson , he said . DuHamel said Pullen was "  a fantastic dentist , " and added that he will "  miss him greatly . " Adrian Cotton , whose wife is a sister of Vanessa Pullen and Amy Jacobson , is acting as a spokesman for the families . The third family was that of Dr. Brent Ching , a dentist in Chico , California , his office confirmed without providing further comment . Ching was accompanied by his wife Kristen and children Hailey , 5 , and Caleb , 3 , Hostetter said . Cotton said the pilot on the plane was Bud Summerfield , who was not related to any of the victims . While investigators continue to look into the crash , it is unclear whether details of what happened will ever be known . There is no requirement for a cockpit voice recorder or a flight data recorder on such private planes . Rosenker said there might be some avionics -- electronic systems that private planes can use for a variety of purposes -- that might contain some information , though they are not built to withstand crashes . A CNN crew at the crash site , Holy Cross Cemetery , could see no large chunks of the plane , a single-engine Pilatus PC-12 . But Rosenker said "  portions of all major structural components " had been identified . Watch footage from the crash site " Some visitors set up crosses outside the gates of the cemetery to serve as a makeshift memorial . Others brought flowers . The flight was headed to Bozeman , Montana , but was rerouted to Butte , said Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Mike Fergus . The plane crashed 500 feet short of the runway at Bert Mooney Airport . No one was injured on the ground , Sheriff John Walsh said . The weather , which was clear Sunday , does not appear to have been a factor . See a map of the crash site " The plane was designed to carry 11 people -- two in the cockpit and nine in the cabin , said Rosenker . He noted that young children often travel on the laps of adult passengers . Martha Guidoni said she and her husband witnessed the plane crash . She photographed one of the first images from the scene , which showed the cemetery in the foreground of a huge blaze . iReport.com : iReporter at scene of crash "  We were just taking a ride -- all of a sudden , we watched this plane just take a nosedive , " she said . "  We drove into the cemetery to see if there was any way my husband could help someone . We were too late -- there was nothing to help . " Her husband , Steve Guidoni , said the plane "  went into the ground " and ignited a tree . "  I looked to see if there was anybody I could pull out , but there was n't anything there ; I could n't see anything , " he said . "  There was some luggage strewn around . ... There was some plane parts . " Watch witness describe what he saw " A flight plan said the plane originated in Redlands , California , according to flight-tracking site FBOweb.com . Stops were made in Vacaville and Oroville , California , before the plane headed for Montana . The plane stopped at the Oroville airport about 11 a.m. , refueled and departed about half an hour later , said Police Chief Kirk Trostle . The Oroville airport does not have a control tower . Eric Teitelman , Oroville 's director of community development and public works , said that because it has a "  wide-open runway " and a self-service fuel system , it is a frequent stop for general aviation aircraft . There were conflicting reports about ownership of the plane , which was manufactured in 2001 . CNN 's Auggie Martin , Dan Simon , Jim Spellman , Mike Ahlers and Irving Last contributed to this report .	Some family members of 14 victims visit scene of crash Investigators looking into whether the single-engine plane was overloaded FAA says 7 children , 7 adults were aboard plane that crashed in Butte , Montana No recorders aboard ; it 's not clear whether details of the crash will ever be known
CNN  -- Recently , the venerable Mark O'Mara wrote an op-ed on CNN.com calling for a law against bullying . I find myself in an unenviable position , that of respectfully dissenting with a leading legal mind whom I greatly admire . O'Mara writes compellingly in support of anti-bullying legislation . I am anti-anti-bullying legislation . Let me explain . While legislation designed to stamp out bullying may make us feel better inside , such laws by definition encroach upon fundamental freedoms of speech and constitutional requirements that laws not be vague or overly broad . What 's more , they may seek to outlaw that which may be beyond the purview of the crimes code : It may be the case that human law is simply no match for the law of nature . Do n't get me wrong , O'Mara is right in calling attention to the scourge of bullying . Bullying was bad enough in 1985 when a juvenile delinquent named Duffy was administering atomic noogies from the back of my school bus . Now , with advent of the Internet , bullies can do things that go viral , greatly magnifying the impact of their damage . Dr. Dan Olweus , a leading researcher of bullying , defines bullying as : 1 . Aggressive behavior that involves unwanted , negative actions 2 . A pattern of behavior repeated over time 3 . An imbalance of power or strength That definition casts a wide net . Similarly , the strictest state anti-bullying statutes incorporate broad definitions of bullying . They also dragoon school personnel into anti-bullying policing and training roles , on top of their regular duties . It 's inevitable that heightened "  awareness " of bullying will result in more incidents being classified as "  bullying . " And when teachers are encouraged to err on the side of safety and report a borderline case of bullying , while facing discipline for failing to report , the effect of the incentive is clear . Overall , we 're going to see a broad new swath of behavior falling within the definition of bullying . Simply put : We create more bullies by broadening the definition of bullying . As schools and legislators continue to target bullying by increasingly including speech within the definition , the forces of anti-bullying legislation collide with the legal equivalent of the immovable object : the Constitution -- specifically , the First Amendment . Freedom of speech protects the public expression of ideas , free from governmental interference . A statute is unconstitutionally broad if it chills a substantial amount of protected speech , even pursuant to a law with a legitimate purpose . Vagueness will also invalidate a law . A law is impermissibly vague if the rest of us can not understand , from the language of the law , what exactly is prohibited speech or behavior . A law is vague if it does n't lay out specific standards so that administrators who enforce the laws against the rest of us are prevented from doing so in an arbitrary or discriminatory way . Anti-bullying legislation seeks to outlaw people from saying mean things . Meanwhile , a law that criminalized saying "  mean things " would almost certainly be unconstitutionally vague . Mostâ $ " but not allâ $ " bullying cases typically involve children and some school nexus . It is true that the Supreme Court has warned that the constitutional rights of students are not automatically coextensive with the rights of adults . So schools probably have more authority to regulate student speech than the government would have to regulate adult speech . At the same time , the Supreme Court has also made clear that students do not shed their constitutional freedoms of speech or expression when they set foot on campus . Public schools may regulate student speech that threatens a concrete and "  substantial disruption , " but even the Supreme Court cases on the subject do not provide much guidance on what exactly constitutes a substantial disruption . The bottom line is that as anti-bullying statutes continue to evolve and attempt to broaden their reach , there is a greater likelihood that they will suppress constitutional though likely cruel student speech . These laws will likely invite costly litigation and give undeserving children the blemish of a juvenile record , only to ultimately be struck down . Anti-bullying legislation certainly has its heart in the right place . However , so , too , would an attempt to outlaw anxiety or meanness . It may be the case that some things are outside the jurisdiction and purview of mankind 's puny laws . After all , the very definition of bullying offered by the experts incorporates the concept of an imbalance of power . Yet , imbalance of power is at the core of almost every natural relationship . It 's why we eat lobsters and they do n't eat us . It 's why we have bosses and employees . Power difference fuels capitalism , life ambition and survival itself . That 's not to say bullying should be tolerated . It should n't . But outlawing bullying is not the answer . It stretches already thinly stretched school resources , and imposes unreasonable duties on school administrators . More importantly , it is constitutionally suspect and victim oriented . Subjective approaches to outlawing speech are likely vague and overly broad . Bullying in some form has been a part of the human experience since time immemorial . That does n't mean it is socially acceptableâ $ " on the contrary , bullies should be shunned . But laws are not always the cure for our every social ill , no matter how good they make us feel inside .	Danny Cevallos : I respectfully dissent with Mark O'Mara on issue of bullying laws Cevallos : Anti-bullying legislation encroaches upon freedom of speech He says such laws invite costly litigation and give kids blemished juvenile records Cevallos : Laws are not the cure for every social ill , no matter how good they seem
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- A Bangkok Airways plane crashed at an airport at a resort island in Thailand , killing the pilot and injuring 37 people Tuesday , aviation officials said . Rescue workers inspect the Bangkok Airways plane at Samui airport on Thailand 's Ko Samui . The plane carrying 68 people and four crew members skidded and then crashed after landing at Koh Samui airport , officials with the civil aviation department said . The ATR-72 turboprop had taken off from the town of Krabi on the west coast Thailand for its trip to the resort island of Koh Samui . Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed , aviation officials said . Seven people were seriously injured and emergency officials were working to free the plane 's co-pilot who was trapped in the plane , officials said . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Officials : Plane skidded and then crashed after landing at Koh Samui airport Bangkok Airways ATR-72 turboprop carrying 68 people , four crew members Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed
CNN  -- As a country music recording artist , as an entertainer and especially as a husband and father , life can get hectic . I realized early on the importance of having a routine to manage such a busy schedule . But my body kept giving me "  reminders " earlier in my career that something was just not right . In the mid - '90s , I started to experience tingling and numbness on my right side along with facial spasms . I hoped they would pass , but symptoms continued to appear all too frequently . After a battery of tests , I was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis , the most common form of multiple sclerosis . My diagnosis came when I was 26 . It surprised me to learn that of 400,000 Americans with MS , many are diagnosed between ages 20 and 50 , like I was . I kept wondering , "  Why me ? Why now ? " My career was progressing , and there were many positive things going on in my life : I had just recorded my fourth album and was celebrating the birth of my first child . So this country boy decided he was not going down without a fight . With support from my family and friends , I realized that I needed to stop dwelling on being diagnosed with a chronic disease , and instead focus on finding a groove . To do that , I had to develop a routine to manage my condition , which helped me look forward for the first time since being diagnosed . Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis can be tricky to manage because it affects everyone differently . In fact , it took almost a year of working with my neurologist to find the routine that worked best for me . Living with multiple sclerosis means struggles and triumphs I 've learned to eat a healthy diet and keep up a moderate exercise routine , take my medication and rely on love and support from my family to get through the tough times . Now that I 've found a routine that works , I stick with it and encourage others with this illness to do the same . I 'm proud to help lead the "  Stick With It " campaign to educate patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis about the importance of sticking with a routine for the long haul . Experts agree that patients do better when sticking with a routine that works for them . There 's a lot of information out there that can sometimes be confusing , but I encourage folks to talk to their doctor to find what can work best for them . "  Stick With It " includes national public service announcements to start airing this month , along with a Facebook page that is coming soon . Both will provide tips on how MS patients can work with their doctor . "  Stick With It " is in partnership with Teva Pharmaceuticals and Band Against MS , the charity I founded a decade ago to help provide educational information and fund programs for those with MS. I did n't have the information available when I was diagnosed , and I want to make sure others with MS do n't feel as lost in this disease as I once was . Helping others with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis has been close to my heart for some time . It 's all the motivation I need to "  Stick With It ! " In addition to being a country music artist , Walker is also an ambassador for the National MS Society and a paid spokesman for Teva Pharmaceuticals , manufacturer of one of nine medications approved for treating relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis .	Clay Walker was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis at 26 He says he 's learned to eat a healthy diet and rely on his family Walker has begun a campaign to educate MS patients
CNN  -- Any kid can dream up a roller coaster . But those who visit a new exhibit at Walt Disney World 's Epcot theme park can actually take a ride on their fantasy creations . An artist 's rendering of the "  Sum of All Thrills " interactive ride , opening Wednesday at Disney World . Epcot on Wednesday opened a new attraction called "  Sum of All Thrills , " which lets kids use computer tablets to design a virtual roller coaster , bobsled track or plane ride . After inputting their designs , kids climb into a robotic carriage that uses virtual-reality technology to help them experience the ride they 've created . "  This is really the next generation -- where there 's a lot more personalization involved " in the amusement-park experience , said Eric Goodman , Disney 's lead project manager on the ride . This make-your-own-ride approach appears to be a growing trend in the world of amusement parks and museums . Taking cues from the video game industry , park and ride designers have realized that people -- especially young ones -- want to interact with and even design their own thrill rides . In addition to the new Epcot ride in Orlando , Florida , two Disney theme parks feature a ride called "  Toy Story Mania , " which lets riders shoot at targets as they roll down the track and , in doing so , shape their own ride experience . Another Disney attraction , CyberSpace Mountain , caters to adults and kids by letting them customize their own virtual ride from a menu of drops , loops and other features . Universal Studios in Florida opened a roller coaster in August called the "  Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit , " which lets people create their own personal musical soundtrack for their ride . Interactive rides are in the "  baby stages " so far , since roller coasters and theme-park attractions are so expensive to build , but interaction and personalization promise to be running themes in the industry , said Bob McTyre , president of Apogee Attractions , which has has helped design rides for Disney , Universal Studios and others . McTyre was not involved in the new ride at Epcot . He said theme park designers frequently bring up ideas such as roller coasters with three possible endings , allowing riders to choose which path to take . But those big ideas quickly hit a roadblock : the high costs of implementing such a project , he said . Shawn McCoy , vice-president of marketing and business development at Jack Rouse Associates , another amusement-park design firm , said this desire for interactivity in amusement parks takes its cues from video games . "  There 's also a definite need to compete with video games or the gaming industry -- where -LSB- players -RSB- have control over all of the elements , from the environment to the players ' movement , " he said , noting that museums and zoos also are taking notice of the trend . The "  Sum of All Thrills " ride at Epcot employs a robotic arm -- more commonly seen assembling cars at an auto plant -- to let kids experience their roller coaster creations . Sitting in a carriage with their legs and arms outside the ride , kids watch a video version of their ride while the arm moves them from side to side and up and down to simulate the feeling of a real roller coaster . Fans blow air at the riders at various speeds to give people the sensation that they 're moving forward . Goodman , the Disney designer , said the robotic arm and carriage come "  pretty darn close " to replicating the real roller coaster experience . Kids design their experience on touch-screen computers , using a digital ruler and pre-selected track options to construct their rides . If a person tries to build something physically impossible -- a hill that 's too steep for the cars to climb , for example -- then they 're asked to retool their ideas . Disney hopes the interactive nature of the Epcot ride also helps kids learn that math and science can be fun . "  I think it 's really empowering for the kids to realize that the math does n't control them . They get to control the math , " Goodman said . The Raytheon Company , a maker of weapons and defense systems , said it sponsored the exhibit as a way to get middle-school aged kids more interested in careers in math and engineering .	Disney opens an exhibit where kids create roller coasters -- and ride them Theme parks are trying to make their rides more interactive , taking cues from gaming The "  Sum of All Thrills " ride opens Wednesday at Epcot Center in Florida Kids design their rides on computers , ride them in a stationary robotic carriage
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- Annise Parker made history Saturday as Houston 's first openly gay mayor . Parker , who served five years as city controller , beat former city attorney Gene Locke with 53.6 percent of the vote in a runoff election . Both are Democrats who faced off for the second time because neither emerged with more than 50 percent of the vote in the November 3 election . Parker 's election also makes her the second woman to become mayor of Houston . Other cities such as Providence , Rhode Island , and Portland , Oregon , have picked openly gay mayors . Houston is the fourth-largest U.S. city . Parker 's victory is also remarkable because a few years ago , Houston rejected a referendum to offer benefits to same-sex partners of city workers . Also , the city sits in a state where gay marriage is against the law . "  Houston is a multiracial , multicultural , international city . And I think my election will send a message to the world that Houston is a city that might surprise a lot of folks , " Parker said before the runoff . Parker , 53 , has never shied away from , nor made an issue of , her sexual orientation . She has been with her partner for 19 years and they have two adopted children . She was elected to the city council and then spent the past five years as city controller . She ran for mayor on a platform of fiscal conservatism . "  I have always stood up for the fact that I am gay . It 's part of the resume that I bring to the table , but it 's just a piece of the package , " she said . After the mayoral race entered a runoff , conservatives and anti-gay activists mounted an intense campaign against Parker . Houston residents received flyers in the mail that highlighted Parker 's support from gay groups and her relationship with her partner . "  There 's a certain segment of Houston , there 's a certain segment of society that has problems with the issues around sexual orientation , " Parker said . "  But the citizens of Houston have elected me six consecutive times to public office . They know me , they trust me . "  I think it 's a small and shrinking minority of Houstonians who have that attitude and I look forward to it as being mayor of all of Houston , " she said . Turnout was light Saturday . Only 16.4 percent of the eligible voters cast ballots , according to the results from Harris County , Texas , where Houston is located . Locke received 46.4 percent of the vote . Parker will take office in January , replacing Bill White who could not run because of term limits . CNN 's Ed Lavendera and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	Annise Parker elected mayor of Houston , becomes first lesbian to lead a major U.S. city Parker , who served five years as city controller , won with nearly 54 percent of vote Conservatives , anti-gay activists had launched intense campaign against Parker
CNN  -- Negotiations aimed at curbing Iran 's nuclear ambitions may have stalled in Switzerland this weekend , but the head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency is optimistic about a new agreement struck with Tehran . The International Atomic Energy Agency signed a cooperation deal with Iran on Monday . It will give the IAEA greater access to long-unseen nuclear sites , including a heavy-water reactor in Arak , the very site that may have tripped up the Geneva talks . Yukiya Amano , the director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency , said the agreement signified a new willingness by Tehran to cooperate with the IAEA . "  The atmosphere is very different , the meeting was very constructive , " he said in an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  This is an important step , but this is a first step , and much more needs to be done . " He said the deal would take a step by step approach to solving problems , bearing in mind the complications in dealing with the Iranian nuclear issue . Amano said Iran and the IAEA have agreed to focus on six practical measures that would be implemented in a three-month time line . "  The joint statement says Iran and IAEA agree to resolve all present and past issues , " Amano said . "  Issues that are not included in the first step will be addressed in the subsequent steps . " The IAEA 's talks with Iran are separate from the big power diplomacy , he said , referring to the recent nuclear talks between world powers and Iran in Switzerland , which disintegrated on Sunday . Hopes for a deal had soared after top diplomats rushed to Geneva , but then faded amid divisions among the P5 +1 countries . Representatives from Iran and those six countries are scheduled to meet again in Geneva on November 20 , in another attempt to resolve the decade long dispute . "  Geneva talks and IAEA talks are independent , different and separate , " Amano said . "  We are focusing on verification and technical issues . " State Department : "  We made significant progress in Geneva " The IAEA chief has reason to be optimistic , given that this is his first agreement with Iran in years , said Joseph Cirincione , president of Ploughshares Fund , a public grant-making foundation focused on nuclear weapons policy and conflict resolution . "  This is for real , these guys are not playing a con game , " Cirincione said . "  These Iranians are a much more pragmatic group . They want to make a deal , they want to end Iran 's isolation . They want to end sanctions . They are willing to make serious concessions . " On Tuesday , the U.S. State Department also sounded upbeat , saying significant progress was made in Geneva . "  The P5 +1 is united , " said Jen Psaki , State Department spokesperson . "  There is still a gap between what language might be appropriate ; that the Iranians are prepared to accept . " Iran has always insisted its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes . Western powers and Israel accuse it of harboring ambitions for a nuclear weapon . Iran 's refusal to stop enriching uranium has led to crippling sanctions that have stunted its economy , slashed its crude oil exports and triggered widespread inflation at home . U.S. senators from both parties have pushed for tougher sanctions to increase pressure on Iran even as the Geneva talks showed early signs of promise last week . But the White House warns lawmakers that tightening sanctions on Iran could derail the diplomatic push to curb Tehran 's nuclear program . Secretary of State John Kerry will push diplomacy as he heads to Capitol Hill on Wednesday to meet with members of the Senate Banking Committee . Some of the restrictions originated in that Banking Committee . The State Department said Kerry would make it clear that putting new sanctions in place would be a mistake . "  We are still determining if there is a diplomatic path forward , " Psaki said . "  What we are asking for right now is a pause , a temporary pause , in sanctions . We are not taking away sanctions . We are not rolling them back . This is about ensuring our legislative strategy and our negotiating strategy are running hand in hand . " "  The momentum for this deal is almost irresistible , " said Cirincione . "  It may not happen November 20 . It may take a few more weeks , but it is crystal clear , the majority of P5 +1 believe a deal is in our best interest . " CNN 's Christiane Amanpour contributed to this story	No results in weekend talks on Iran 's nuclear program But International Atomic Energy Agency hopes for better luck with deal signed Monday IAEA chief : "  This is an important step , but this is a first step "
CNN  -- Last August , a 10-year-old boy from Missouri wrote an iReport to CNN . Braydon Nichols asked that the world not forget his father , an Army officer who died when the helicopter he and other soldiers were in was downed in Afghanistan . The grade-schooler 's iReport sparked a massive outpouring of love , encouragement and empathy . Thousands of people posted comments to the boy . Nearly 230 iReports were dedicated to him . No one would forget Army Chief Warrant Officer Bryan Nichols , everyone pledged . And over the past six months , CNN 's audience has not forgotten Braydon . There has been no let-up in comments online asking how the boy is doing and wishing him well . This week , "  Dennis " wrote that he keeps on his computer a picture that CNN published of Braydon and his father wearing matching military uniforms . "  Take care buddy , be strong ... " In February , "  Kenny " wrote , "  For some reason you popped in mind tonight . I hope you are doing well , hope the school year is going good . Take care little bud . "  Read more of the original iReport Those notes mean a lot to Braydon , his uncle Monte Nichols said . "  We 've had people from across the world reach out to us . It 's been incredible for the whole family to know that people do care , " Nichols told CNN this week . "  Braydon is doing really well in school . I think he 's making his way as best as any kid could considering the circumstances . " Braydon is excited about his summer vacation plans . A generous person in Hershey , Pennsylvania , is paying for the boy and his mother Jessica Nichols to fly to the city , tour a chocolate factory and have a fun weekend . Still , Braydon has good and bad days . This month is going to be tough for the family because Bryan Nichols was due home from deployment in March . Last year , weeks before that horrible August morning that she had to tell her son that his father was gone , Jessica Nichols recalled how Braydon loved to fantasize giddily about how he and his dad were going camping when he finished fighting bad guys . The self-assured and computer savvy boy was a miniature Bryan Nichols . Their short , spiky blonde hair was styled the same . They both loved to quiz each other with random trivia . The kid adored his dad . "  Bryan is with us all the time , every day his memory is alive for us . It 's hard , " Monte Nichols said . "  But it 's just as hard for all the families and the kids who lost their parents on that helicopter . Those children , just like Braydon , need to be taken care of . " It turns out , they are . After CNN 's story appeared , and donations poured in to a college trust fund for Braydon , another group of soldiers and retired military members went to work to try to figure out what they could do . There were 32 children who lost a parent in the Chinook tragedy , and two of the wives of the men on board were pregnant , said retired Air Force Maj. Steve McLeary , the executive director of the Special Operations Warrior Foundation . The Tampa , Florida-based organization has been providing scholarships and assistance to kids and families of special operations personnel since 1980 . Read more about the Foundation and what it provides Most of those on the Chinook were special operations . But five families who lost loved ones on the helicopter were Army and not in Special Operations , McLeary said . "  We saw the CNN story and within 15 minutes we were on a call with board members who all agreed that every child who lost a parent on that helicopter would have their college expenses covered by us , whether their parents were special operations or not , " McLeary said .  Tributes to the Chinook crash victims The foundation first sent all five of the Army families money -- about $ 10,000 each -- to cover expenses of traveling to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to attend funerals , and to cover other expenses related to the tragedy . The foundation , which is funded by individual and corporate donations , worked with other charities to help pay for hotels for relatives who wanted to attend memorials . The Special Operations Warrior Foundation is covering all college tuition and room and board expenses for those children , too , McLeary said . "  We do n't just give money , we develop relationships with these kids from the start , " McLeary said . "  We want to make sure they know that this is something their parent would have wanted for them . " The organization 's trained counselors work with each child in its program , checking in with them shortly after a death to offer professional counseling and anything else the family needs . The foundation stays in touch with children by sending birthday and holiday cards . The Special Operations Warrior Foundation reaches out to kids throughout middle school , calling them , asking how they 're doing and if they need anything . A foundation representative takes a more active role when the kid reaches high school by helping them prepare and pick a college . The Special Operations Warrior Foundation has over 900 kids in their program , McLeary said . More than 203 have graduated from college , and the organization is paying for 123 kids currently in college . Knowing all that is a comfort to the Nichols family . If Braydon 's first wish was that people never forget his dad , Monte Nichols said , his second is that no one forgets kids like him .	Boy posted iReport to fallen Army father last summer People have constantly asked : How is Braydon Nichols doing ? He 's performing well in school and has fun summer plans , his uncle said Other kids who lost parents are receiving help from Special Operations Warrior Foundation
CNN  -- The former transit police officer accused of shooting an unarmed man at a California train station went to Nevada with his family "  to clear his mind " after receiving death threats , his lawyer said Wednesday . Hundreds of people took to the streets of Oakland , California Wednesday night to protest the shooting . The lawyer 's comments came after Johannes Mehserle was arrested on a fugitive warrant in Nevada . Leads led investigators to Johannes Mehserle , 27 , in Zephyr Cove , Nevada , on Tuesday , authorities said . He was contacted through his attorney and then surrendered . "  He was always prepared to surrender himself in the case , " Christopher Miller , attorney for Johannes Mehserle said . Mehserle waived extradition , and police officers were transporting him back to California on Wednesday . Miller said his client may face arraignment as early as Thursday morning . The lawyer spoke of Mehserle , 27 , as "  a fine officer with an excellent work history " adding "  this case is not just about a video . " Miller was referring to a cell phone video that captured the shooting . "  As this case moves forward through the justice system and all the circumstances of that chaotic night become clear , I fully expect Mr. Mehserle to be cleared of the charges against him , " Miller said . Miller 's statements were a stark contrast to comments made by district attorney Tom Orloff earlier Wednesday at a news conference announcing they were charging Mehserle with murder . "  What I feel the evidence indicates is an unlawful killing done by an intentional act , " Orloff said . "  From the evidence we have , there 's nothing that would mitigate that to something lower than a murder , " he added . "  The murder charge was the appropriate charge given the state of the evidence . " Hundreds of people in Oakland , California , continued to express their outrage about the shooting by taking to the streets in a protest at City Hall Wednesday night . It was the first major demonstration after more than 100 people were arrested during violent protests in Oakland that followed the victim 's funeral last Thursday . The protesters gathered on the front lawn of city hall , where police blocked the front entrance , at about 4 p.m.  7 p.m. ET  before marching down to City Hall . While many in Oakland , California have been vocal about the shooting , Mehserle himself has remained mum . Orloff said Mehserle 's attorney has invoked his client 's right to remain silent . "  In terms of an interview at this point in time , our hands are tied , " he said . Watch Orloff speak about the murder charges " He is accused of the shooting of Oscar Grant III at an Oakland , California , station on New Year 's Day . The incident was captured on video by several witnesses and spurred violent protests in the northern California city . Mehserle , 27 , was taken into custody in Douglas County , Nevada at about 7 p.m. , Sgt. Dan Coverly of Douglas County Sheriff 's Office told CNN affiliate KGO-TV in San Francisco . Referring to Mehserle 's arrest , BART said , "  This comes after the BART Police Department conducted a thorough investigation that involved nine detectives , which BART Police turned over to District Attorney Thomas Orloff on Monday , January 12 . " Jail staff report that Mehserle has cooperated and is in a segregated area and on a precautionary health and welfare watch . Mehserle resigned from his job as a BART police officer days after the shooting . Grant , a 22-year-old father , was killed on New Year 's Day in a crowded BART train station . Police had been called to the Fruitvale station after passengers complained about fights on a train and took Grant and several other people off the train once they arrived . Videos from witnesses show Mehserle shooting Grant in the back as another BART officer kneeled on the man . The shooting spawned public outrage and a string of protests that led to more than a hundred riot-related arrests . Police have not said whether Grant had been involved in the fight . The Oakland Police Department is running its own investigation into the killing , at the request of Mayor Ron Dellums , Officer Jeff Thomason said Wednesday .	NEW : Officer went to Nevada to "  clear his mind " after death threats , lawyer says Ex-BART officer Johannes Mehserle charged with murder Oscar Grant III was shot to death at Oakland , California , transit station Grant 's death has spawned public outrage and a string of protests
Washington  CNN  -- Two weeks after a severely disabled Marine reportedly was "  humiliated " by his treatment at a Phoenix airport security checkpoint , the details remain in dispute , but the government took steps Wednesday to prevent a similar encounter from happening . The Transportation Security Administration said it is greatly expanding a program that expedites screening for active-duty and inactive "  wounded warriors , " giving them the same expedited screening now available to active-duty , uniformed military personnel . Wounded warriors who call or e-mail the TSA in advance of their trips will get benefits similar to those in the TSA 's PreCheck program . They will be allowed to use dedicated screening lanes where available , leave on light outerwear , belts , shoes and hats , and keep laptop computers and 3-1-1 compliant liquids in carry-on bags . The TSA said it wants to provide "  curb to gate service " for the wounded troops . "  In recognition of the sacrifices of our men and women in uniform , we have revised our screening requirements to allow expedited screening for this trusted group of citizens , " John Halinski , TSA 's deputy administrator and a 25-year U.S. Marine Corps veteran , said in a statement . The move comes after a March 13 encounter between a small group of Marines and TSA screeners at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport sparked a spat between members of Congress and the TSA . In a letter to TSA Administrator John Pistole , Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California , said the incident involved an active-duty Marine who had lost both of legs to an improvised explosive device , and was in a wheelchair , with limited or no mobility . A TSA officer asked the Marine to stand or walk , Hunter wrote , "  despite the fact that he physically could not stand or walk on his own . " The TSA screener then made the Marine remove his prosthetic legs , only to have them put back on so he could move to another area , where he was again asked to stand so that his wheelchair could be examined , Hunter wrote . Hunter -- basing his account on a person who had escorted the Marines -- described the Marine as "  humiliated " by the encounter . The TSA disputes the account , saying that surveillance camera video and interviews with its officers showed that the man never removed his legs . The agency also said the two screeners involved both had extensive military careers -- one of them with the Marine Corps . Both screeners acted appropriately , the TSA said . The TSA said it hopes to assist wounded warriors in the future though its Wounded Warrior/Military Severely Injured Joint Support Operations Center Program . It gave this account of the process : -- Once flight arrangements are made with the airline , the severely injured service member , or family member , or other representative can contact its operations center with travel details . The TSA prefers an e-mail to MSIJSOC@dhs.gov to protect accuracy of the information , but will also accept calls to its toll-free number , 888 262-2396 . The operations center will acknowledge the request by reply e-mail , or over the telephone -- The operations center will then notify appropriate TSA officials at the involved airports . Those officials are responsible for ensuring that necessary security screening is conducted "  with empathy and respect , to make the overall experience for the Wounded Warrior as simple and trouble-free as possible , " the TSA said . TSA spokesman David Castelveter said the program "  changes greatly " the process in which wounded warriors are screened , without creating a security vulnerability . As with all travelers , the veterans will be vetted against government watch lists of suspected terrorists , he said . A congresswoman who had introduced a bill requiring the TSA to give PreCheck privileges to wounded warriors applauded the TSA announcement Wednesday , but said she would press forward with her bill . "  I 'm pleased to see this action being taken by the TSA , " Rep. Tulsi Gabbard , D-Hawaii , said in a statement , adding that passage of her bill will "  ensure that these changes are permanent . " Rep. Cedric L. Richmond , D-Louisiana , also issued a statement applauding the move .	The new TSA program comes in the wake of an incident involving a Marine Airport screeners in Phoenix reportedly made the Marine remove his prosthetic legs The TSA disputes details of that incident , but announces a new program for "  wounded warriors " The program will expedite screenings for active-duty and inactive "  wounded warriors "
CNN  -- The days of memorizing arcane , recondite vocabulary words might be ending for high school students who will take a redesigned SAT in two years . An emphasis on "  relevant , " commonly used words is one of many changes the College Board unveiled Wednesday in an attempt to make the 88-year-old exam "  more open and clear than any in our history . " With fewer questions overall , the new test aims to assess students ' analytical skills and better help them prepare for college . "  Recent SAT results tell a troubling story about students ' readiness for and likelihood for success in their postsecondary endeavors , " the College Board said . "  Far too few students are ready to succeed in the kinds of education and training that they will need to participate effectively in an increasingly competitive economy . " The College Board released 211 pages of detailed test specifications , including sample questions to show how the test is changing . Here 's a look at some examples across all sections : The new test will have fewer questions overall that are scored differently : Multiple-choice questions will contain four answers instead of five . Instead of a point for each correct answer and a deduction for an incorrect answer , the new test will use "  rights-only scoring , " which means a point for a correct answer , but no deduction for wrong answers . Blank responses will have no impact on scores . In a return to previous versions , the test will be scored on a scale from 400 to 1600 instead of the current scale of 600 to 2400 . With 153 questions -- 52 in reading , 44 in writing and language and 57 in math -- the new test will have fewer questions than the current version 's 171 questions . But , there will be no more mandatory essay , leading to the next big change . The written essay will be optional and scored separately from reading , writing and math : It 's optional in the sense that individual postsecondary institutions will determine whether they will require it for admission . Those who take it will have twice as much time -- 50 minutes -- to complete it . Instead of asking students to take a position on a presented issue , the new version aims to evaluate reading , writing and analytical skills by asking students to produce a written analysis of a provided source text . For example , the College Board documents provide a passage and asked students to write an essay explaining how the author "  builds an argument to persuade his audience " by looking for "  evidence , such as facts or examples , to support claims , " or stylistic elements , "  such as word choice " to add power to the ideas expressed in the passage . No more $ 5 words ! "  Relevant words " are in : Instead of requiring students to memorize words they might never use in real life , questions in the new test will focus on understanding the meaning of "  relevant " or commonly used words from the context in which they appear , and "  how word choice shapes meaning , tone , and impact . " Here 's an example : "  The coming decades will likely see more intense clustering of jobs , innovation , and productivity in a smaller number of bigger cities and city-regions . Some regions could end up bloated beyond the capacity of their infrastructure , while others struggle , their promise stymied by inadequate human or other resources . " As used in line 55 , "  intense " most nearly means A  emotional B  concentrated C  brilliant D  determined The test will "  focus on math that matters most -- algebra : What matters most , according to the College Board , is algebra , data analysis and what it calls "  passport to advanced math , " which includes quadratic and higher-order equations , geometry and trigonometry . Students will have 80 minutes -- 10 minutes longer than the current version -- to answer 57 math questions . Most will be multiple-choice but some will require students to provide answers . And , unlike the current version , students will be required to put away their calculators for 25 minutes . Students will have to analyze texts based on the strength of the writer 's arguments Students will be asked to demonstrate their ability to interpret and synthesize the underlying ideas of a variety of sources , from informational graphics and political speeches to fiction novels and scholarly texts . One sample question asks students to read a political speech and determine which lines support the overall argument .	Emphasis on "  relevant , " commonly used words is one of many changes in new SAT College Board releases 211 pages of test specifications and sample questions Wednesday The changes wo n't take place for another two years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg plans to undergo a "  precautionary " course of chemotherapy following her surgery last month for pancreatic cancer , the Supreme Court announced Tuesday . President Obama greets Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on her arrival for his February 24 address to Congress . The treatments will begin later this month at the National Institutes of Health outside Washington , the court said . In a statement , the justice said the treatment is "  not expected to affect my schedule at the court . Thereafter , it is anticipated that I will require only routine examinations to assure my continuing health . " Ginsburg , who turned 76 on Sunday , has consistently signaled her health outlook is positive . She termed the February 5 removal of her cancer "  successful , " and was back on the bench 18 days later when the high court resumed oral arguments . Ginsburg 's post-op recovery has gone well , and doctors and the family are cautiously optimistic , court sources said . The disease was caught early and had not spread beyond her pancreas , doctors have said . "  Cancer patients with no evidence of disease after surgery but who have a statistical chance that there is microscopic spread often get chemotherapy to kill off that disease , " explained Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society . Getting back into her regular routine was important to the justice , and it would help her cope with future medical treatment , sources close to her said . She successfully fought colorectal cancer a decade ago . Almost 35,000 Americans are estimated to have died from pancreatic cancer in 2008 , making it the fourth leading cause of cancer death overall , according to the American Cancer Society . For all ages combined , the one-year survival rate is 24 percent ; the five-year survival rate is 5 percent . The low survival rate is a result of the disease commonly going undetected until it has reached an advanced stage . Ginsburg -- the only woman on the Supreme Court -- entered a New York hospital after a CT scan in January "  revealed a small tumor , approximately one centimeter across , in the center of the pancreas , " a previous news release said . She has kept a busy schedule , on and off the bench . Since her diagnosis , she has released three opinions , attended President Obama 's February 24 address to Congress , gone to an opera production in the company of Justice David Souter , and traveled for several speeches . She told an audience last week in Boston , Massachusetts , that she had no plans to retire , but on the subject of court retirements she hinted cryptically , "  We have n't had any of those for some time , but surely we will soon . " Ginsburg , Souter and Justice John Paul Stevens frequently have been mentioned as likely to step down in the next few years . Ginsburg also said her former colleague , retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor -- herself a cancer survivor -- had offered her some good advice . "  She said when you 're up to chemotherapy , you do it on Friday , Friday afternoon . You 'll get over it over the weekend , and you 'll be able to come to the court on Monday , " said Ginsburg , who noted O'Connor returned to work nine days after her breast cancer diagnosis . "  So I 've been following her advice meticulously . " Ginsburg has been on the Supreme Court since 1993 .	Supreme Court justice , 76 , will receive chemotherapy treatments Doctors removed small tumor from her pancreas in February Ruth Bader Ginsburg consistently signals her health outlook is good Retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor gave Ginsburg advice on chemotherapy
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel became Formula One 's youngest world champion in a five-way shootout at the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in November 2010 , and the German needs just one point in Japan this weekend to seal a second world crown . Vettel 's dominant form in 2011 has led him to victory in nine of 14 races so far , and the 24-year-old is on the brink of becoming the ninth driver to secure back-to-back titles in the championship 's 61-year history . If he does so , the celebrations will come with four races to go -- putting Vettel narrowly behind his legendary compatriot Michael Schumacher , who set the standard in 2002 when he clinched the fifth of his record seven world titles with six of the 17 races remaining . Vettel will also become the youngest double world champion , beating the 25-year-old Fernando Alonso 's feat with Renault in 2005-06 . Latest F1 standings after Singapore GP Former Toro Rosso driver Vettel needs to earn a 10th-place finish , or higher , in one of the season 's five remaining grands prix to complete his triumph . McLaren 's 2009 world champion Jenson Button , second in the drivers ' standings , is the only driver who still has a mathematical chance of preventing Red Bull celebrations on Sunday . British racer Button would need the unlikely combination of Vettel to score no further world championship points , while also winning the year 's five remaining races . Despite Vettel knowing he could win the title with an uncharacteristically low finish -- he has finished outside of the top two in just one race this year -- the one-time Sauber driver insisted he is fully focused on claiming another maximum 25-point haul . "  Obviously there 's still a chance for Jenson to win the title and for me not to win the title , " Vettel told Formula One 's official website . "  Even if it 's only one point . "  The moment you decide to fly , sooner or later there 's a moment when you will come down as well . You have to , nothing flies for ever . I think it would be wrong to think like that at this stage , the target going into this weekend is not to get one point , in a way it 's not to win the championship , the target is to do our best . "  Yes , there would be reason to celebrate , even if we finish tenth , but it would n't be the same so we try to race as usual and we try to get the best out of ourselves . " When asked what the secret behind his success was , Vettel 's answer was simple : "  Probably a word that is not at first sight that fancy , consistency . And in this respect we have had a terrific year so far and I hope it will not desert us for the final races . " The climax to the 2011 season is in stark contrast to last year 's finale , when Vettel leaped from third position heading into the final race at the Yas Marina Circuit to overhaul teammate Mark Webber and Ferrari 's two-time world champion Fernando Alonso to claim glory . "  Going into the last race and being some points behind is a completely different situation to leading the standings by a gap of 124 points , " said Vettel , who was 15 points adrift of first-place Alonso heading into November 's final race in the gulf kingdom . "  What I try to do is not to listen to all these statistics and simply focus on this race , as I always do with every single race -- which has served me well . I have learned from the mistakes that I made in the past and it would be foolish to make them again , so do n't wait to see them here . "  It is not embarrassing making mistakes if you learn from them , but it would be embarrassing making the same mistakes all over again . " Button signs new multi-year deal with McLaren Button was cautiously optimistic regarding his chances in Suzuka , but admitted the circuit is one which would suit Red Bull 's RB7 car . "  I think it will be a great race for everyone , " said Button , who recently signed a new deal with English-based McLaren . "  In the last few races , I think we 've shown that we have extremely good pace and that we 've been the team most able to take the fight to Red Bull . "  On paper , I think it 's a circuit that will suit the Red Bulls , particularly in the high-speed sweeps that make up the first sector of the track , but I certainly do n't think people should under-estimate our package . "  We showed at Spa that we have a car that 's very effective in high-speed corners . We 've also improved our straight-line speed and we have a more efficient rear wing for qualifying , so I think we 're feeling positive about the weekend . " If Vettel fails to clinch the championship this weekend , the title race would roll on to the Korean Grand Prix on October 16 .	Sebastian Vettel can clinch a second world title at Sunday 's Japanese Grand Prix The German holds a 124-point lead over Jenson Button in the drivers ' standings The Red Bull driver is poised to become the youngest double world champion in F1 history
CNN  -- Every American can make their own judgment about whether justice was served by the verdict in the George Zimmerman murder trial but one thing we should all recognize : President Obama 's interference in a local law enforcement matter was unprecedented and inappropriate , and he comes away from the case looking badly tarnished by his poor judgment . "  If I had a son , he 'd look like Trayvon , " the president said when asked about the case in the Rose Garden on March 23 , 2012 , after many had called for Zimmerman 's arrest but several weeks before he was charged . "  When I think about this boy , I think about my own kids . " In fact , if the president had a son , he would have been born to extraordinary privilege and raised with all the advantages of two very affluent and highly educated parents . He would have gone to tony private schools . His path in life would have been almost as dissimilar from Trayvon 's as one could imagine . Yes , Obama 's hypothetical son and Trayvon would have shared the same brown skin color . Would that have made them interchangeable ? Not unless all brown-skinned boys are the same . Does the president really believe that ? The president 's remarks created a clear impression that he was motivated by one of two factors , and we can only guess as to which , or what combination of the two , was at work here . One possibility is that this is merely another manifestation of the president 's well-known narcissism : No matter what the situation may be , it 's all about him . The other , more troubling possibility is that the president surrendered to his political instincts . He wants disadvantaged Americans to believe that he and his family are one of them -- despite their life of unparalleled privilege -- and he wanted the prosecutors , judge and jury to believe that this was a case about race where justice demanded a guilty verdict . If that was his motivation -- and we can not know , but reasonable people certainly may suspect -- then Obama should be ashamed of his effort to stir America 's turbulent , dangerous racial waters . The president 's role is not to be a racial agitator , and the mark of a great civil rights leader has been a determination to reject the temptations of that approach . And not that long ago -- in 2008 , in Philadelphia -- candidate Obama distanced himself from such agitators . People such as Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson see white racism as endemic and elevate what 's wrong with America over all that is remarkably right . In his 2008 Philadelphia speech , Obama separated himself from activists of their ilk : the very people who today still hope to punish George Zimmerman . On the campaign trail , Obama understood the sensibilities of the American people on these questions ; in office , Obama seems to have lost that touch . On Sunday , the president did once again separate himself from the voices of anger . "  We are a nation of laws and the jury has spoken , " he said . But if his Justice Department brings civil rights charges against Zimmerman , as the NAACP has urged and which it is reportedly still considering , the ugly racial politics of this prosecution will be undeniable . Let us hope it never comes to that , for at that point a double tragedy will have occurred . Trayvon Martin will be dead , and our hopes for a president whose judgment is unaffected by his race will have been thoroughly and irreparably dashed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Abigail Thernstrom .	Abigail Thernstrom : President Obama 's 2012 statement on case was a mistake She says Obama wrongly emphasized role of race in the case Presidents should be above the stance of those who seek to stir racial tension , she says Thernstrom : Federal charges vs. Zimmerman would exacerbate the race issue
CNN  -- If the one great book of American popular music is ever written , Doc Watson might not even need his own chapter . He has a solo -- or a harmony part , or a lead vocal , or a single perfect guitar lick -- in all the important chapters of the past 50 years . Watson , who died on Tuesday at age 89 , is most closely associated with the melodic style of flatpicking that cemented the guitar 's role as a solo voice in bluegrass and acoustic country music . But unlike the three-finger "  Scruggs style " named after banjo pioneer Earl Scruggs , who crossed musical paths with Watson a number of times across the decades , there is n't a single "  Watson style . " The flatpicking turned heads , but the tune that followed it might be a fingerstyle blues , a Travis-flavored country bounce or a parlor song from the Carter repertoire . Watson was a master tailor , not a designer ; he fitted techniques to the needs of the song or the generations of players who sat next to him , as if they had been designed that way from the start . Watson , blind from childhood , took an understated pride in being able to support his family independently . He was already a seasoned local and regional performer , playing both old-time music and what he called "  rockabilly and pop standards , " when the folk boom of the 1960s put him in front of a new set of audiences with his voice , banjo and acoustic guitar . For some performers , the welcome influx of new audiences also brought calls for a change in repertoire . Watson merely changed gears ; he was comfortable with the ballads and tunes he 'd grown up with , and he was equally deft at re-creating the brother duets he had heard on the radio when he played them with their author , Bill Monroe , the prickly creator of bluegrass music . By the late 1960s , Watson was well known to urban folk audiences and increasingly in the country stronghold of Nashville as well ; he had even joined Scruggs and Lester Flatt , the former Monroe sidemen who had become the best-known names in bluegrass , for an instrumental album . His neutrality in personal and stylistic feuds reflected his own musical open-mindedness and served him well when the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band was recruiting traditional performers for a three-album tribute to its own country roots , "  Will the Circle be Unbroken . " The "  Circle " helped define the sound of dorm rooms and hallways and the song lists of bar bands . Audiences that had never listened to the Grand Ole Opry itself would applaud the "  Grand Ole Opry Song , " and they expected the Watson touches that knitted the album together : the instrumental styles , the vocals , the playful treatment of tunes like "  Tennessee Stud . " That milestone album could have capped a career . For Watson , it was n't even a halfway point ; he had nearly four decades still to go .  Indeed , he was scheduled to perform next in June with a number of longtime collaborators at a celebration of his work at the North Carolina Museum of Art . The newly world-famous Watson was strikingly consistent with the original . He continued to tour primarily with his son , Merle . He recorded music he liked with performers he liked , and he kept an ear out for the generation that was coming up behind him . The Doc Watson you saw on the national stage or heard on public radio was the same one you saw at small festivals in out-of-the-way parts of North Carolina : intimate , genial , as distinctive playing rhythm as he was in the spotlight . There was never a public watershed where Watson formally broke with his roots or humbly returned to them . His roots were always part of what he did ; he just kept adding new roots . That 's not to say there were no changes ; Merle 's death in a farming accident in 1985 was an unimaginable loss , personally and professionally . Watson adapted , with the help of players who could tour and play in the way Merle had . The genre-blending MerleFest , held each year since 1988 as a fundraiser for Wilkes Community College , is a lasting tribute . Watson continued to record : with country giants like Chet Atkins , newgrass superstars like David Grisman and Tony Rice , and by the end of the century with Merle 's son Richard . He was onstage with Scruggs again in 2003 -- as "  The Three Pickers , " with Ricky Skaggs and such next-generation guests as Alison Krauss -- in a concert that Variety called "  one highlight after another . " The British folk rebels of the early 1970s explained their rocked-out Child ballads as a way of taking folk music out of museums and giving it back to folks . Doc Watson made his share of music for museums and dignitaries and international audiences , but it was the same music he would have made in your living room : extraordinary music for ordinary occasions .	Doc Watson switched gears to adapt to changing musical scene 1960s put him in front of a new set of audiences Nitty Gritty Dirt Band brought him to an even broader audience
CNN  -- General Motors is under fire following its delayed decision to recall 2.6 million cars over a faulty ignition switch . The automotive giant 's CEO says she is "  deeply sorry " for 13 deaths caused by the defect . In isolation that 's bad enough . But it 's been exacerbated by another recall , this time of 1.3 million vehicles beset by a potentially dangerous power steering problem . Critics might say it 's hardly unexpected from a company that took a $ 49.5 billion U.S. Government bailout in 2008 and ended up costing the US tax payer $ 10.5 billion . Apologists claim that if General Motors had been allowed to wither and die , it would have cost the US in the region of $ 66 billion . Probably more important is the potential human toll -- an industrial apocalypse like this would have wreaked on GM 's 212,000-strong global work force . Then there are the millions of employees working for the various suppliers who would also have suffered . But was saving General Motors , and thereby condemning it to more of the same , really the triumph that some  mainly blinkered GM management  claimed ? In 2013 , General Motors ' global sales were up 4 % compared with the previous year . That 's in a market of worldwide vehicle sales that was up 7 % . GM 's big rival Ford 's global sales increased by 12 % over the same period . General Motors has multiple problems and none of them is new . Lack of positive image and identity is one . Hear the words General and Motors together in the UK and it 's usually because of mass redundancies or a factory being shut . Of its brands , Vauxhalls are insipid and to sell in the required volumes they are heavily discounted and sold to rental firms , a killer for models ' retained values that increasingly savvy consumers now consider . Then there 's Chevrolet . The decision to import the latest iterations of Camaros and Corvettes -- cars more worthy of the bowtie badge than the Sparks and Aveos we 've currently got , coincided with a GM directive to withdraw Chevrolet from the UK by the end of 2015 . To calm a nervy dealer network , prices in January were slashed by up to 42 % . You could buy a Chevy Captiva seven-seat SUV for Â # 12,295  $ 20,460  , the sort of money that barely buys a decently equipped three-door Volkswagen Polo . Unsurprisingly at that sort of money dealers have n't struggled . Chevrolet 's February sales were up 114 % proving what Korean firms have known all along : workmanlike products will sell if priced correctly . Such business blunders abound . Twenty years ago , General Motors became the first major car manufacturer in the modern era to mass produce an electric car . It wanted to prove the viability of the project by inviting drivers to become one of 50 to lease the Impact electric vehicle . The project leader anticipated 80 applicants . In Los Angeles there were 10,000 . In New York 14,000 . There was evidently an appetite for electric cars . GM shelved the Impact . Management admits that now its zero and low emissions vehicle technologies have fallen behind rivals . Defeat from the jaws of victory and symptomatic of a company lacking the vision now required to compete at the cutting edge of car manufacturing . GM used to own Swedish car firm Saab . In 2008 it finished development on the 9-4X , a competent SUV designed primarily for the US market . It was the sort of car that should turn a decent profit margin , perfect to help re-fill a cash-strapped company 's depleted coffers . GM did n't launch the car until 2011 . Three years can be more than half a car 's life : the 9-4X was past-it before anyone outside GM and Saab even drove it . You can almost hear the mirth from boardrooms in Germany , Japan , Korea and even China . But could that be GM 's salvation ? As a Brit who has watched an entire car industry slip into foreign hands I can tell you overseas ownership has n't been too bad at making viable businesses out of MINI , Rolls-Royce , Jaguar , Land Rover and Bentley . A fresh culture could be equally positive for GM . Successive American management teams have had their chance and at least 13 people have lost their lives . GM might be too big to die . It 's not too big to be run properly by a foreign company . Read more : The 57-cent part at the center of GM 's recall crisis Read more : 7 takeaways from GM recall hearing Read more : GM stock is in the gutter . Time to buy ?	James Foxall says General Motors has multiple problems and none of them is new Lack of positive image and identity is one of them , he writes General Motors could be run properly by a foreign company , James Foxall says
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- Hundreds of people gathered outside Arizona 's Capitol building on Sunday in a largely peaceful protest against the state 's tough new immigration law . Chanting "  Yes we can , " waving American flags and holding signs reading "  We have rights " and "  We are human , " demonstrators kept up a festive spirit as they denounced the bill signed Friday by Gov. Jan Brewer . The new law requires police to determine whether a person is in the United States legally . It also requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there is reason to suspect they 're in the United States illegally . Protesters worry that the law will foster racial profiling . "  What is ` reasonable suspicion ? ' " protester Jose Acosta asked Sunday . "  Are we going to get pulled over just because of a broken taillight or because of the color of our skin ? ... If so , is everybody going to be pulled over ? " Kearny Police Chief Joe Martinez called critics ' concerns unfounded , saying the Arizona law enforcement community includes a large number of Hispanics . "  We 've never had a policy of racial profiling , " Martinez said Saturday night at a town hall meeting in Casa Grande . "  In fact , quite the contrary , it 's been outlawed . " Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon appeared at the rally in support of the protest , calling the law unconstitutional and "  just plain wrong . " "  America is a country that is compassionate and that welcomes everyone , " he said . "  This is not what this country and this state was founded upon . " Gordon vowed to take the fight through the state 's judicial system . "  We 'll go to the state courts and we 'll go to the federal courts and we 'll go all the way to the Supreme Court , " he told the cheering crowd . "  I promise you . " Gordon told CNN on Saturday that he will bring up an item calling for legal action against the law at Tuesday 's City Council session . Others were also vowing this weekend to legally challenge the law . The Rev. Al Sharpton , along with leaders from the National Action Network and the Hispanic Federation , announced Sunday that he will legally challenge the law . The law "  is an affront to the civil rights of all Americans and an attempt to legalize racial profiling , " Sharpton said in a statement after the bill 's signing Friday . "  As one who helped to make racial profiling a national issue and who has in the last year visited Arizona several times to rally against these draconian immigration policies , I am calling for a coalition of civil rights organizations to work with those in Arizona to resist and overturn this state law . " The National Coalition of Latino Clergy and Christian Leaders , a group that represents 30,000 Latino churches worldwide , also said Saturday it plans to file a lawsuit against the bill . "  In addition to this law being illegal , if this law goes into effect , we expect it to have a dramatic affect on the state with U.S. citizens , legal residents and others moving out of the state out of fear of being singled out , " William Sanchez , an immigration attorney representing the coalition , said in a statement . CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .	Hundreds gather to denounce bill signed Friday by Gov. Jan Brewer New law requires police to determine whether a person is in U.S. legally It also requires immigrants to carry alien registration documents at all times Kearny Police Chief Joe Martinez called critics ' concerns unfounded
CNN  -- In Spain , out of economic pain and adversity , opportunity is emerging . The country is in a deep recession and unemployment sits at a painful 26 % . But there are signs of a comeback -- in the auto industry , at least . Ford , Renault and Volkswagen have all decided to expand production in Spain because of cheaper labor costs . Japanese automaker Nissan is also expanding , but it 's also doing something else quite radical : it 's hiring . Read more : Cornish pasties filling hunger for jobs This month , Nissan Barcelona received $ 178 million dollars in investment to produce 80,000 cars . The deal will help create 1,000 direct and 3,000 indirect jobs . This agreement would not have been possible had it not been for Nissan 's negotiation of new working practices with Spanish trade unions . Read more : Diageo : Europe must be more competitive Nissan struck an agreement with the unions , limiting wage increases and giving the company more flexibility with its temporary workforce . The difference , believe it or not , is quite substantial . According to the OECD , Spain 's labor costs have dropped almost 5 % percent from 2009 to 2012 . In that same period , France -- where labor costs are a contentious issue -- has seen its costs increase by 4.3 % . Germany 's , comparatively , have increased 1.9 % . Even Italy , where costs have risen 2.7 % , and the UK , up 2.2 % , have n't adapted to the tough economic times . Read more : Could emerging markets be Lindt 's new sweet spot ? Frank Torres , director general of Nissan Motor Iberica , told CNN lowering labor costs were an achievement for Nissan Barcelona and for Spain itself -- making it an increasingly competitive location for manufacturing and exporting cars . But labor market reforms are not enough to make Nissan Barcelona competitive on the global stage . Torres said the company needed to make logistical savings to stand out from other automakers and Nissan manufacturing hubs , it needed to make savings on the ground . That 's exactly what it did . It now has twenty key suppliers under their roof and a port less than five minutes away from their doorstep . It 's this logistical innovation that has enabled Nissan Barcelona to cut costs by as much as 30 % ; and for an industry that accounts for 10 % of Spain 's industry , this is a crucial part of Spain 's long haul to recovery .	Ford , Renault and Volkswagen expanding production in Spain because of cheaper labor costs This month , Nissan Barcelona received $ 178 million in investment to produce 80,000 cars According to the OECD , Spain 's labor costs have dropped almost 5 % percent from 2009 to 2012
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama threw his support behind a controversial proposal to build an Islamic center and mosque near New York 's ground zero , saying Friday that "  Muslims have the same right to practice their religion as anyone else in this country . " "  That includes the right to build a place of worship and a community center on private property in lower Manhattan , in accordance with local laws and ordinances , " Obama said at a White House Iftar dinner celebrating the Islamic holy month of Ramadan . The president 's remarks drew praise from New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who announced his support for the Islamic center last week . Bloomberg compared Obama 's speech to a letter President George Washington wrote in support of a Jewish congregation in Newport , Rhode Island . "  President Obama 's words tonight evoked President Washington 's own august reminder that ` all possess alike liberty , ' " Bloomberg said in a statement . "  I applaud President Obama 's clarion defense of the freedom of religion tonight , " he said . To learn more about the "  ground zero " mosque , see CNN 's Belief Blog Critics of the proposed Islamic center quickly denounced Obama 's remarks . "  President Obama is wrong , " said Rep. Peter King  R-N.Y.  . "  It is insensitive and uncaring for the Muslim community to build a mosque in the shadow of Ground Zero . Unfortunately , the President caved into political correctness . " "  While the Muslim community has the right to build the mosque , they are abusing that right by needlessly offending so many people who have suffered so much , " King said in a statement . "  The right and moral thing for President Obama to have done was to urge Muslim leaders to respect the families of those who died and move their mosque away from Ground Zero . " What do you think about this issue ? Tell us on video Obama , who said he was speaking both as a citizen and as president , invoked the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , which critics of the Islamic center cite as the main reason for preventing its construction . "  We must all recognize and respect the sensitivities surrounding the development of lower Manhattan , " Obama said , according to his prepared remarks . "  The 9/11 attacks were a deeply traumatic event for our country . " "  The pain and suffering experienced by those who lost loved ones is unimaginable , " he continued . "  So I understand the emotions that this issue engenders . Ground zero is , indeed , hallowed ground . " But Obama said one "  reason that we will win this fight " against terrorism is "  our capacity to show not merely tolerance , but respect to those who are different from us -- a way of life that stands in stark contrast to the nihilism of those who attacked us on that September morning , and who continue to plot against us today . " Repeatedly invoking the nation 's founders and examples of religious tolerance from American history , the president argued that national ideals and the Constitution demanded that the project proceed . He noted that Thomas Jefferson hosted the the first Iftar dinner at the White House more than 200 years ago and said that the country had previously seen "  controversies about the construction of synagogues or Catholic churches . " "  But time and again , " he said , "  the American people have demonstrated that we can work through these issues . " "  This is America , and our commitment to religious freedom must be unshakable , " Obama said . "  The principle that people of all faiths are welcome in this country , and will not be treated differently by their government , is essential to who we are . The writ of our Founders must endure . " The proposed Islamic center has provoked vocal opposition from some families of 9/11 victims and other groups . Nearly 70 percent of Americans oppose the plan , according to CNN/Opinion Research Corporation Poll released Wednesday . "  Obama came out for the Islamic supremacist mosque at the hallowed ground of 911 attack , " Pamela Geller , a leading foe of the Islamic center , wrote on her blog Friday night . "  He has , in effect , sided with the Islamic jihadists . " Muslim Americans , meanwhile , applauded the speech . "  It was pitch perfect and it was cut and dry , " said Eboo Patel , executive director of the Interfaith Youth Core and a Muslim adviser to the White House on faith issues . "  He said that our Founding Fathers built a nation on religious freedom where people from different faiths can pray and thrive and that is that . " Some Muslims said they were surprised to hear the president weigh in on the controversy . "  It 's such a hot potato and he 's already got so much on his plate and people jumping on him for any hint of an Islamic connection , " said Akbar Ahmed , an American University professor who attended Friday 's White House dinner . "  But he plunged in and took a very bold position . " The Islamic center 's leaders say they plan to build the $ 100 million , 13-story facility called Cordoba House three blocks from the site of the 9/11 attacks . The developer , Sharif El-Gamal , describes the project as an "  Islamic community center " that will include a 500-seat performing arts center , a lecture hall , a swimming pool , a gym , a culinary school , a restaurant and a prayer space for Muslims . On Wednesday , the project 's developers declined an offer by New York Gov. David Paterson to relocate the project to a state-owned site . Earlier this month , the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission unanimously denied landmark status for the building where the proposed Islamic center would stand , allowing the project to move forward .	NEW : Republican congressman says Obama "  caved into political correctness . " NEW : Muslim who attended White House event surprised Obama touched "  hot potato " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg praises Obama 's remarks Obama said that "  Muslims have the same right to practice their religion as anyone else "
CNN  -- The flare-up in gun violence igniting the streets of Chicago caught a 3-year-old boy in the cross fire early Saturday morning , local police said . The child is in critical condition . The boy was with his mother and another man , in the city 's Brighton Park neighborhood , when the shooting occurred outside a home on South Sacramento Avenue , police told CNN Chicago affiliate WLS . The woman told investigators that three people -- two women and a man -- walked past them , and the man opened fire when they reached the end of the block . Medical personal rushed the toddler to Mt. Sinai Hospital with gunshot wounds in his right hip and stomach , hospital officials said . Police continue to investigate whether the shooting is gang-related . This latest episode comes less than 24 hours after a shooter sprayed bullets outside a convenience store on the city 's West Side , killing 12-year-old Samuel Walker and wounding six others . Samuel had just finished a day at summer school Friday and stopped at the store , probably to buy a snack , when he was shot , his aunt Maribell Ruiz told CNN affiliate WLS . "  He was like a little man in the house , " she said . "  He helped his mother . He helped everybody . " Top cop : Blame weak gun laws for Chicago violence Witnesses said the gunman got out of a car and started shooting . Chicago police said the wounded included two 14-year-olds , two 15-year-olds and two men ages 21 and 25 . Police said the oldest victim was treated and released at the scene while the others were in stable to serious conditions . Police have not provided a motive or announced an arrest . Chicago has been grappling with a spate of deadly gun violence . The shooting occurred a few hours after Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah unveiled "  Chicago Stand Up , " a new effort to fight Chicago gun violence . $ 8 million push to protect students from gangs Last weekend , 47 people were shot in Chicago , including an 11-year-old girl killed by a stray bullet while sitting on a friend 's bedroom floor , Chicago police said . Over Independence Day weekend , nine people were killed and 60 wounded , police said . Tackling Chicago 's ` crime gap ' Mayor Rahm Emanuel has pushed police to try new tactics , but said public safety in Chicago must go beyond police and into investments in after-school and summer job programs , community building and gun law enforcement . Ruiz questioned whether Emanuel can to fix the problem . "  Rahm Emanuel can not come up with a solution if he has not lived this life , " said Ruiz . "  If you have not been part of the street , you can not come up with a solution for the street . " Carjackers run over , kill 3 ` sweet ' siblings in Philadelphia CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno , Jennifer Feldman and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : A 3-year-old boy is in critical condition after being shot outside a Chicago home NEW : He was with his mother and another man in the Brighton Park neighborhood NEW : Police are investigating whether the shooting was gang-related A 12-year-old boy was killed and 6 people wounded in a shooting Friday
CNN  -- Former tennis star Jennifer Capriati is batting down accusations -- which led a Florida police department to seek an arrest warrant -- that she stalked and punched an ex-boyfriend . An incident occurred on February 14 , Valentine 's Day , at the Oxygen Health & Wellness gym in North Palm Beach , Florida . A report from that southeastern Florida community 's Police Department said the ex-boyfriend claimed Capriati "  started screaming " at him before punching him "  with a closed fist four times in the chest . " The 28-year-old accuser , Ivan Brannan Jr. , said he was eventually able to lock himself in the men 's locker room , according to the police report . Four days later , he went to police headquarters and outlined what he said were "  seven other incidents pertaining to Capriati stalking/harassing/following " him . Brannan said he 'd dated the American tennis player from May 2011 to February 2012 . North Palm Beach Police subsequently requested an arrest warrant against the 36-year-old Capriati , the department 's Aubre Stroud said Saturday . As of that time , no arrest warrant had been issued -- something the state attorney 's office would decide . Capriati 's camp highlighted this fact , in a statement issued Friday , saying the case "  has not yet been assigned in Palm Beach County and has not been reviewed . " "  The current facts being circulated by Mr. Brannan are an overexaggeration and the police report is one-sided in  his  favor , since they failed to get Ms. Capriati 's side of the story , " said the statement , which was attributed to the ex-tennis player 's legal representative . "  We will make sure that Ms. Capriati 's side of the story is fully conveyed , and when the truth comes out , she will be vindicated from these charges . " Capriati burst on the tennis scene as a teenager , breaking into the sport 's ranking of top 10 players by 14 and advancing to the semifinals of the French Open in 1990 . She remained a force on the tour into the early 1990s , highlighted by a gold medal win at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain . But Capriati 's star status faded the next few years , a time that included widely reported arrests on shoplifting and marijuana possession charges . She remained off the court into the late 1990s . The New York-born tennis player came back strong at the end of the decade , and in 2001 won the Australian Open and the French Open on her way to becoming the world 's No. 1 player that year . Another Australian Open title came the following year . The 2004 season was Capriati 's last . Eight years later , she was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame .	Police report : Jennifer Capriati had a run-in with an ex-boyfriend at a Florida gym Police say he accuses her of repeatedly punching him and having stalked him previously Capriati 's camp calls his account an "  overexaggeration , " says she 'll be vindicated Inducted into the Tennis Hall of Fame in 2012 , Capriati won three Grand Slam titles
CNN  -- For the past 49 years French animal trainer , Thierry Le Portier , 63 , has been a calm handler of wild felines . Growing up he had originally wanted to be a gym teacher , but after catching a glimpse of a lion tamer during a trip to the zoo in Marseille , Le Portier decided to give up his hobbies -- rugby and judo -- to spend every free afternoon watching the tamer at work . On his 17th birthday , Le Portier was finally given the opportunity he had patiently been waiting for when before the show began , as the lights dimmed , the trainer surprised the teenager by forcing him on to center stage . "  He grabbed me by the shoulders , pushed me in the cage just before a show with a lioness and said , "  go ! " And I did the whole show , " he said . The show was so successful that Le Portier was confident he had found his vocation and was soon touring Europe with his act . So remarkable was his skill that Italian director Pier Paolo Pasolini called on the talented young tamer for a scene involving a lion in his 1974 film "  Arabian Nights . " Le Portier quickly became a specialist of big-cat scenes and after Pasolini came other famous screen directors such as Jean-Jacques Annaud with "  Two Brothers , " Ridley Scott with "  Gladiator , " and more recently Ang Lee with "  Life of Pi , " which stars a digital tiger . The trainer -- along with his three tigers -- was flown out to Taiwan for four months and filmed extensively for reference . During this time he developed a close bond with the film 's director . "  Every time we went somewhere -LSB- film producer -RSB- David Womack called me the quality control and Ang Lee would say ` and inspiration , ' " Le Portier said . Read more : Director finished film using phone Le Portier believes he and Lee struck up a close friendship because of a shared work ethic . "  I work with tigers for the same reason Ang Lee is in the movie business : because we ca n't do anything else . " It 's this passion for taming which makes Le Portier arguably the best animal trainer in the world . When talking about his work , his whole body becomes animated . "  Training is an art ; it takes time and an understanding of the animal you are with . " Read more : ` Life of Pi ' is bold and wondrous Le Portier does n't use food as a means of enticing the animal , or a whip to control it . He simply uses his brain . "  You do n't train with physical abuse because he 's so strong , it 's a mental arm-wrestle , " he explained . "  It 's a real psychology , mental manipulation . " In fact , Le Portier said he was only scared of one type of animal , the kind which has been raised by humans as an exotic "  pet , " the one that "  looks dead behind the eyes . " Le Portier believes these are prowling "  time bombs . " He warns that one day their natural instincts flood back and without warning they turn aggressive -- these wild animals were never made to be patted . "  I 'm not meant to be his friend ; you are never his real friend . You have to intimidate him , " Le Portier said . Read more : What 's the buzz on ` Life of Pi ' ? In the cage Le Portier is the boss . But even just a few lapses of concentration in the past have cost him dearly , and he has the scars to prove it . Director Jean-Jacques Annaud believes Le Portier 's job could one day cost him his life . "  Whenever Thierry confronts a wild animal , he risks his life . I think he secretly hopes to die taming , as MoliÃ ¨ re died acting , in the exercise of his art . "	Frenchman Thierry Le Portier has been training big cats for the past 49 years Three of his tigers were used as references for the Oscar-nominated film "  Life of Pi " Le Portier says training is "  an art " that takes time and an understanding of the animals He says the only animals that scare him are those that have been made "  exotic pets "
CNN  -- Actress Lucy Liu is an ambassador for UNICEF , an organization that gives children the essentials for a safe and healthy childhood . Approximately 21,000 children die every day from preventable causes , according to UNICEF , and its mission is to reduce that number to zero . Liu recently sat down with CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki to talk about UNICEF 's efforts to save lives around the world and what a hero means to her . Below are excerpts from that interview . Sonya Hamasaki : Why did you decide to get involved with UNICEF ? Lucy Liu : I 'd heard about UNICEF for a really long time . ... They are on the ground all the time for these children . It 's so comforting to know that they have the ability to provide . When I go on these missions and I am there with the children in these villages , it is so heartbreaking . But it 's so inspiring to know that people have dedicated their lives to being there for these kids . I just feel like there 's so much more that needs to be done and that can be done , and I want to be part of that . Hamasaki : What 's it been like working with children around the world ? Liu : I think the one thing that I 've taken away from all of the travels and all of the countries that I 've been is that the children are always so warm and so inviting . Even though some of their parents may have passed away , there 's always a wonderful sense of community that these kids have with one another and within the village that they live . It is about taking care of others and looking out for others . There 's a sense of family , togetherness . These kids stick together through thick and thin , and that 's something I think that 's really exciting . Hamasaki : Education is important to you . What does UNICEF do to promote education ? Liu : I think it 's really heartbreaking to see children who want to have an education , who are hungry for that , but they 're not able to receive that . And I think UNICEF has the ability to put together -- in very difficult situations -- a sense of normalcy . In Pakistan , when I went there after the earthquake , they set up these school-in-a-box tents . It 's very simple , and you give children a feeling that there 's regularity in their lives even though everything else is falling apart for them . It 's easy for people to contribute also by saying , "  I can contribute $ 10 to buy salts to make the water clean , " "  I can give $ 100 for school-in-a-box , " which contains all the things that you need for school . It 's just incredible to see how much it means to them and how much we can give them . Hamasaki : What is a hero to you ? Liu : A hero to me is somebody who puts themselves last , who puts everything on the line for other people . I think that children can be heroes also . I have met young women and young men who have been abused , some young women who have been raped and who have been near death and have seen so much violence in their lives , but they do n't give up . They go and work in the shelter and tell their stories and help other women who have the same problem . Young girls who have had unimaginable things happen to them . ... They still stand up , and they still walk with their head high . These people could have given up a long time ago , and they never did .	Actress Lucy Liu is a UNICEF ambassador who has met children around the world Liu : It 's "  heartbreaking " to see kids who want an education but ca n't have one Despite their disadvantages , she says , children are always "  warm and inviting "
The Atkins diet , which advocates steering away from carbs , may not lead to long-term weight loss . A Stanford University study , released in May 2007 in the Journal of the American Medical Association , compares the effectiveness of four popular diets -- Atkins , LEARN  Lifestyle , Exercise , Attitudes , Relationships , and Nutrition  , Ornish , and Zone -- for women who are premenopausal and overweight or obese . Women on Atkins lost the most weight , although the average loss was only about 10 pounds for 12 months . What 's the best diet ? Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent : It 's always difficult to know which diet is right for you . Researchers at Stanford University looked at four popular diets : Atkins , LEARN , Ornish , and the Zone diet . Three hundred overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomly assigned to these four diets , which they followed for a year . Women in the Atkins group lost the most weight -- about 10 pounds in a year . It 's also interesting to note that more participants stayed on the Atkins diet for the entire year , compared with women on the other diets . But even though these women lost weight , is n't the whole issue about Atkins that it 's high in fats that can raise your cholesterol , which might eventually lead to heart problems ? Gupta : Researchers also looked at the good and bad cholesterol and blood pressure of each participant . Atkins patients had a few points higher number for their LDL or bad cholesterol , but overall there was no significant difference . And the Atkins patients had a higher blood pressure number but , again , not that much higher . What about for the long term ? Can they keep the weight off with Atkins ? Gupta : First off , although any doctor will tell you it 's good for most people to lose 10 pounds , 10 pounds is not a significant amount of weight to lose in one year . The study does not follow the patients after the year , so you do n't know whether they gained their weight back , or whether they lost more . Also , other nutritionists we talked to who have worked on this same type of research said that the only real difference in diets was between Atkins and the Zone . All the others had pretty much the same results . And they found while Atkins can be an effective way to lose weight , few people are able to maintain meaningful long-term weight loss on this diet .	Bottom Line : Atkins can help you lose weight , but few people are able to maintain meaningful long-term weight loss with it
Rolling Stone  -- On a recent afternoon in Toronto , Queen 's Roger Taylor was checking out rehearsals for Queen Extravaganza -- a 25-date tribute tour with a lineup hand-selected by him and his bandmate , guitarist Brian May -- when singer Marc Martel belted out a few notes from "  Bohemian Rhapsody , " stopping the 62-year-old drummer in his tracks . "  It was as if Freddie  Mercury  was in the room , " Taylor said today during a conference call with journalists . "  It was uncanny . " Martel is just one of three singers selected to join the Queen Extravaganza lineup after a lengthy online audition process . The nine lucky musicians will kick off their trek on May 26 in Quebec City after making their live debut last week on "  American Idol " , where they were joined by Taylor and May . "  We had such a fantastic response , " said Taylor . "  We were n't just looking for copies of us . We were looking for great musicianship , great charisma and the right people , the right sort of personalities that fit into the band . What we were n't looking for were lookalikes . " Martel first discovered Queen 's music while watching the 1992 film "  Wayne 's World . " The 36-year-old singer , who is also in the Nashville-based band Downhere , was later encouraged by his bassist to study Mercury 's singing . "  I realized , ` Wow , this guy did so many amazing things with his voice , ' especially in the studio , " Martel explained . "  He really pushed himself . " The tribute tour is just one of the projects that Queen have planned for 2012 . Taylor and May will also play five Queen shows in Europe later this year with singer Adam Lambert on lead vocals . According to Taylor , Queen will perform in Moscow , Ukraine and London . He described the Ukraine show as a "  very big outdoor " co-headlining gig with Elton John ; the London gigs will take place at the Hammersmith Apollo . "  We were hoping to do a festival in London , but for various reasons that did n't happen , " Taylor said . Lambert , who performed with Taylor and May on the 2009 "  American Idol " finale , has long been on the duo 's radar . "  Brian and I have seen quite a lot of his shows , " Taylor added . Any plans to perform with Lambert beyond that are unclear for Queen , who have toured on a handful of occasions over the past decade with Bad Company singer Paul Rodgers . "  I do n't know whether that 's going to be ongoing , " Taylor said . "  Brian and I are not the young men we once were . These are slightly experimental -- we 've got to see how they go , see how we get on , if it really works . Who knows what might happen . It really is slightly experimental right now . We did n't really want to commit ourselves to too many things . " The Extravaganza , Taylor said , was conceived as a way to present Queen 's music as the band originally intended . Complex tunes like "  Bohemian Rhapsody " will finally be performed in their entirety . "  We will be able to do what we could n't do before -- all the harmonies , all the little parts we put onto the record , " said Taylor . "  This will give us the tools to do that . " In typical Queen fashion , the Extravaganza will also be quite the visual spectacle : Taylor and May have hired designer Mark Fisher , who worked on Pink Floyd 's The Wall concerts and every Rolling Stones show since 1989 , to work on the tour . "  I do n't want our music to be represented in any average kind of way , " Taylor said . "  We look to excel with this and really teach other bands how to really do a show properly . " While Martel 's vocal resemblance to Mercury is striking , Taylor noted that there 's no replacing Queen 's iconic singer , who died in 1991 . And Taylor firmly dismissed the notion that he would ever perform with a "  hologram " of Mercury , the way that Dr. Dre did with one of Tupac Shakur at Coachella . "  I do n't want to sit up here with a hologram of my dear friend , " said Taylor . "  Were somebody to use a hologram of Freddie , I do n't think I would have an objection . But I do n't want to . It just did n't sit too well with me . "  When Freddie died , we were in shock , " continued Taylor . "  And it did n't go away for five years . We would have probably remained together . We were very tight and very close . We never saw the need to break up . I think he 'd love  these shows  . I think he would have been really flattered . He would have loved the idea of keeping our musical flag flying . Brian and I always sort of imagine he 's in the room . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The Queen Extravaganza tribute tour will kick off on May 26 Roger Taylor and Brian May will also play five Queen shows in Europe with Adam Lambert The Extravaganza will also be quite the visual spectacle
CNN  -- Disgraced football legend O.J. Simpson is scheduled to return to a Las Vegas courtroom Monday in a bid to get his robbery , assault and kidnapping convictions thrown out . The one-time Heisman Trophy winner and Buffalo Bills halfback is more than four years into a 33-year prison term and is asking for a new trial . In court papers , he 's arguing that bad legal advice led to his arrest and conviction in a 2007 confrontation with sports memorabilia dealers . Simpson not only accuses his old lawyer , Yale Galanter , of having a conflict of interest and of failing to mount an effective defense in his trial . He also says Galanter told him before that confrontation that he was within his rights to take back property he believed had been stolen from him , "  so long as there would be no trespass and no physical force used against the persons with the property . " Simpson , 65 , was convicted of leading a group of associates into a room at the Palace Station hotel and casino and using threats , guns and force to take back the items from the two dealers . "  Simpson also contends that Galanter did not advise Simpson that carrying out the plan could subject him to criminal charges , regardless of the ownership of the property , " his new lawyers wrote in seeking a new trial . Simpson also blames Galanter for preventing him from testifying in his own defense . Without putting him on the stand , "  There was no evidence presented to adequately challenge the state 's evidence of criminal intent and knowledge of the guns or the bad character evidence to which the jury was exposed , " his appeal states . The Nevada Supreme Court already upheld his conviction in 2010 . Prosecutors have called the new attempt to reverse his conviction "  without merit , " and Galanter is quoted in court papers as telling the judge in the original trial that he spoke to Simpson only after the confrontation . "  Other than Simpson 's bare allegations , the record does not support any conflict of interest , " prosecutors wrote in response to Simpson 's claims . Galanter could not be immediately reached for comment Sunday . Simpson 's October 2008 conviction came on the anniversary of his famous acquittal on murder charges in the 1994 deaths of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend Ronald Goldman . Though cleared of criminal charges , a civil jury later slapped him with a $ 33 million wrongful-death judgment , and lawyers for the Goldman family have doggedly pursued his assets . His current sentence leaves him eligible for parole in 2017 . Documentary : Serial killer , not O.J. , killed Simpson and Goldman	Simpson is serving a 33-year term for robbery , kidnapping and assault He 's scheduled to be back in court on Monday to seek a new trial He says he got poor advice from his lawyer Prosecutors say there 's no merit to the claim
EW.com  -- For the past seven years , the final scene of "  The Sopranos " has had viewers and fans scratching their heads over what the heck happened . It was perhaps the most divisive series finale of all time , leading legions of people to think their televisions went out and spawning a plethora of close readings of Journey 's "  Do n't Stop Believin ' . " Did the guy in the ` Members Only ' jacket whack him ? Were the onion rings a crispy and delicious source of symbolism about the circle of life for Tony ? What was up with Meadow 's parallel parking ? Questions about that scene never ceased , and Chase 's elusiveness over Tony 's fate only furthered speculation . In-depth fan sites were spawned just over the ending alone . Even Michael Imperioli , who played Christopher Moltisanti in the show  and was tragically whacked episodes before the finale  thought Tony died . Perhaps sick of answering questions about an event that happened seven years ago , Sopranos creator David Chase finally let a sliver of info out on Tony Soprano 's whereabouts at end of the HBO series . In an article on Vox , writer Martha P. Nochimson questions Chase on whether Tony dies in the finale . Chase 's simple reply : " ` He shook his head ` no . ' And he said simply , ` No he is n't . ' " Sorry , Imperioli and the rest of the Tony-was-whacked believersâ $ " your theory 's debunked . Chase 's nonchalance notwithstanding , "  Sopranos " fans can breath a sigh of relief knowing that Tony 's enjoying some onion rings somewhere , post-blacked-out screen . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Sopranos " ending has long been debated Fan sites have had in-depth theories The creator gave Vox a simple reply
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Bobby Rush 's hoodie on the House floor sure got attention . "  Racial profiling has to stop , " he announced as he took off his suit jacket to reveal a hoodie , which he immediately pulled over his head . His speech was cut short by the loud clicking of a gavel , and an admonition to leave the chamber for breaching rules of decorum . The move was intended to highlight the Trayvon Martin shooting case in Florida , but it also raised questions about attire in the House . House officials said Rush broke a rule that says members "  may not wear a hat . " Another rule says representatives have to "  wear appropriate business attire in the chamber . " In the wake of Rush 's removal from the House , some members are complaining that rules are unevenly enforced . It is not unusual to see lawmakers entering the House chamber in jeans , sneakers and other clothing that is supposed to be banned . Late last year Rep. Barney Frank , D-Massachusetts , wore a memorable outfit that certainly did not qualify as appropriate business attire . In the politest of terms , it was a form fitting blue T-shirt underneath his blazer . Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver told CNN he supports the House rules aimed at proper decorum , but he also said -- in the wake of the Rush incident -- they must now be enforced across the board . "  It 's not uncommon to see people in the back  of the House chamber  with sweatshirts on , and we have traditionally allowed that to happen . I do n't think that can happen anymore , " said Cleaver . In fact , standing at the bottom of the Capitol steps on Thursday as the House was holding its final pre-recess votes , Cleaver said he had just seen people "  with all kinds of things on . " "  When you selectively enforce the rules it can cause people to believe you 're enforcing them on the basis on political view or basis of partisan politics , " Cleaver said . Translation : House officials must start cracking down on the dress code , so no one can say Rush was singled out because of politics , party or race . House Speaker John Boehner is famously fixated on appearances , stopping people in hallways and calling them out at press conferences about a bad outfit or messy hair . For example , earlier this month he told a reporter to button his shirt . "  You do n't have to look like a reporter , " Boehner quipped . One of Boehner 's most famous tongue-in-cheek moments was in 2009 , when he spent much of a press conference commenting on the way people looked . "  You really do need to do something with that hair of yours , " he said to one reporter . "  Get a brush , will ya ? " he said to another . A natty dresser himself , Boehner is such a stickler that minutes after an emotional farewell to Gabby Giffords in January , he banged the gavel and bellowed , "  the chair would remind all members to be in proper business attire when you come to the floor of the House . " We asked Boehner about Cleaver 's concern that the rules are not uniformly enforced . "  I think the rules are enforced evenly , " Boehner replied . "  I 've asked members of both sides of the aisle to leave the floor myself . I know the sergeant of arms has asked members to leave the floor . We expect all members to follow the rules and the rules make it clear that members will be on the floor with proper business attire , " he said . The day that Rush wore his hoodie on the House floor , several other members also brought their own sweatshirts , but did n't end up wearing them after Rush was escorted out for breaking the rules . Cleaver told CNN several members of the Congressional Black Caucus and others had asked him to put one on , but he declined , out of respect for House decorum . He said Boehner needs to tell House officials to work harder . "  What needs to happen is the speaker is going to have to tell every sergeant at arms that no matter what , people must confirm to the rules , " Cleaver said . CNN Congressional Producer Rebecca Stewart contributed to this report .	Rep. Bobby Rush 's wore hoodie on the House floor Wore hoodie while making speech highlighting Trayvon Martin Speech cut short by admonition for breaching House dress code
President Obama denied an accusation on Sunday that he had misled voters about his signature health care law in order to get it passed in 2010 . "  We had a yearlong debate . I mean , go back and look at your stories , " Obama told reporters at the G20 summit in Australia Sunday . "  The one thing we ca n't say is that , ` we did not have a lengthy debate about health care in the United states of America ' or that it was not adequately covered . " "  The fact that some adviser who never worked on our staff expressed an opinion that I completely disagree with ... is no reflection on the actual process that was run , " Obama said . The comments the President referred to were made by Jim Gruber , an MIT health care economist , who noted in a 2010 speech that he "  helped write the federal bill " and "  was a paid consultant to the Obama administration to help develop the technical details as well . " In a series of speeches that have recently regained attention , Gruber says that engineers of the law , including the administration , took advantage of voters ' "  stupidity " in order to get the measure to pass . "  Lack of transparency is a huge advantage , " Gruber said in a panel discussion at the University of Pennsylvania in 2013 . "  And basically , you know , call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever . But basically that was really , really critical to getting the thing to pass . " "  I wish  we could make it all transparent . But I 'd rather have this law than not , " he said . In another video , Gruber calls the strategy an "  exploitation " of the American voter . "  It 's a very clever , you know , basic exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter , " Gruber said at the Honors Colloquium 2012 at the University of Rhode Island . Obama vehemently denied Sunday that his administration was anything but transparent regarding the creation of the law and the debate that surrounded its implementation . "  I would just advise every press outlet here : Pull up every clip and every story . I think it 's fair to say there was not a provision in the health care law that was not extensively debated and was fully transparent . It was a tough debate , " Obama said . "  Now , there were folks who disagreed with some of these various positions . It was a tough debate , " he added The latest video is the sixth of its kind to emerge of Gruber detailing the political process behind the creation of the Affordable Care Act . In the video , Gruber explains how ` mislabeling ' the law helped the administration get rid of tax breaks . "  It turns out politically it 's really hard to get rid of , " Gruber said at the Pioneer Institute for Public Policy Research in Boston . "  And the only way we could get rid of it was first by mislabeling it , calling it a tax on insurance plans rather than a tax on people when we all know it 's a tax on people who hold those insurance plans . " On Friday , former White House press secretary Jay Carney told CNN 's Jake Tapper that Gruber 's remarks were generally "  very harmful politically to the president . " "  This is not good , " Carney said . "  He  speaks from the ivory tower with remarkable hubris about the American voter and by extension the American Congress . " Carney and his former boss are n't the only Democrats distancing themselves from Gruber 's remarks . On Friday , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said she did n't even know who Gruber was , despite having formerly cited him on her website when she was House majority leader . "  I do n't know who he  Gruber  is . He did n't help write our bill , " Pelosi said at a press conference . "  With all due respect ... you have a person who was n't writing bill our bill commenting on what was going on when we were writing our bill who has withdrawn some of statements that he made . "	President Obama : Administration was transparent with voters in Obamacare debate Obama says comments made by Jim Gruber are "  no reflection on the actual process that was run " Other Democrats are also distancing themselves from Gruber 's remarks
Heavy snow left several Italian villages paralyzed and without power as winter weather and cold temperatures spread across Europe , the mayor of one village said . Many of the 32 villages in the Aniene Valley , near Rome , lost electricity on Friday when an electric pylon fell because of the snow , said Piero Moscardini , mayor of Vallinfreda . The valley , home to about 50,000 people , has received some 100 cm  39 inches  of snow , Moscardini said . "  It 's the worst snow since 1956 , " he said . "  The situation is tragic . We need the Army to save us . " Ambulances can not traverse the roads , he said , and some villagers can not reach their stables to feed livestock . Meanwhile , deaths continued to increase from the cold . In Romania , four people died on Saturday and another six on Sunday , authorities said . A total of 34 people have died since the cold snap began in late January . Nineteen national roads and one highway remained closed on Sunday . More than 30 cities and villages are isolated , authorities said , and power outages were reported in 200 cities and villages . More than 3,000 employees belonging to the Interior Ministry were involved in rescue operations , as hundreds sought refuge in temporary shelters and hundreds more were hospitalized because of hypothermia . In Poland , TVN Poland said a total of 53 people have died , eight of them in the past 24 hours . The victims are mainly homeless people , according to the report . Heathrow Airport , one of the world 's busiest international airports , canceled about half of its flights Sunday , its owner said Sunday -- about 260 more flights than it expected to cancel as of the night before . Between two and four inches of snow fell on London overnight , as the British capital became the latest European city to be hit by winter weather wending its way west . Drivers in both London and Rome will need to worry about ice as temperatures rise slightly , then fall again to below freezing , CNN meteorologist Tom Sater said Sunday . Eastern Europe will have a much rougher ride , with temperatures in Moscow plunging far below freezing , and snow sweeping into the continent from the southeast . But Heathrow 's runways were clear as of Sunday afternoon , owner BAA said . It was not immediately clear why more flights were being called off , as Heathrow spokeswoman Alexandra Blomley said the airport 's snow plan "  has worked far better than in previous years . " Heathrow and other British airports have been snarled by snow about once a year for each of the past several years . The airport 's chief operating officer urged travelers to check before coming to the airport so they would not be left stranded there . Normand Boivin said Heathrow "  deeply regret any disruption caused to passengers by the cold weather , " but said : "  Reducing the flight schedule means we can fly as many people as possible and return the airport to normal as quickly as possible . " The airport did not say how many passengers were affected , but did say it expected to operate a normal flight schedule Monday . Rome was blanketed in a rare snowfall Saturday . Landmarks such as Rome 's Colosseum were dusted with snow for the first time since 1985 . The rare precipitation caused traffic jams and left some people stranded . Barb Mayer , who lives about 20 miles northeast of Rome , said she woke Saturday to a snowfall "  unlike anything I 've seen since I 've had my house in Italy . " "  Our house is out in the country and nobody clears the roads here , " said Mayer , an iReporter who teaches English to business clients in Rome . "  Even in Rome , they do n't have the equipment for snow removal since it snows so infrequently . " "  It usually takes my daughter an hour to drive home  to Palombara-Sabina  from Rome , but last night it took her four hours because of the traffic and the poor road conditions , " she said . By Sunday , traffic was clearing , a taxi driver said , and temperatures were rising . However , Rome 's Mayor Gianni Alemanno was being criticized for the city 's handling of the weather . Schools and public offices will be closed on Monday , the city said . But Sarajevo , Bosnia , canceled school for a week as the Balkan city was hit by the biggest snowfall since 1999 . Snowdrifts that were 110 centimeters  43 inches  high snarled the center of the city , with even more snow in the hills around it . The news was not all bad , said Amina Sofic , a 20-year-old medical student . "  People in Sarajevo like to play in the snow , to ski or board because we have lots of hills . And now that there is no traffic , it 's pretty fun to go on sleds  or  go walking , " said Sofic , a CNN iReporter . Ukraine appears to be the worst affected so far , with Poland , Romania , Serbia and Belarus also suffering much more severe winter conditions than usual . A total of 122 people froze to death in Ukraine since the cold spell started more than a week ago , the state-run news agency Ukrinform reported Saturday , citing government ministries . More than 1,500 people have been hospitalized , it said . The first reports of heavy snow came from Romania on January 26 . Now , although temperatures are becoming more moderate , the snowfall will be very heavy , meteorologists say . Other cold-related deaths have been reported in Serbia elsewhere in the past week .	Several Italian villages are isolated by heavy snow , without power A total of 34 deaths are reported in Romania and 53 in Poland Heathrow Airport cancels half of its flights Ukraine is hit hard by winter , with at least 122 people freezing to death , state media say
Just stay home . That 's the message from officials in the path of the South 's latest nasty winter weather . In Atlanta , where less than 3 inches of snow recently brought the city to a grinding , gridlocked halt , drivers and officials seemed to have learned some lessons . Roadways were uncongested and schools closed across the metro area Tuesday morning , hours ahead of most of the expected inclement weather . Much of the city heeded the advice of local officials who advised drivers to avoid the roads from Tuesday through midday Thursday . By late Tuesday afternoon , flight cancellations for Wednesday were stacking up with about 1,700 canceled across the United States . More than 1,100 of those Wednesday cancellations were heading to or from the world 's busiest airport in Atlanta . At Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International , more than 400 Tuesday flights were also canceled out of more than 1,200 U.S. flight cancellations on Tuesday , according to flight tracking site FlightAware.com . 24 hours at the world 's busiest airport On Tuesday afternoon , Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines said it had canceled more than 1,500 Wednesday Delta and Delta Connection flights . The airline moved quickly Monday night to cancel more than 500 Tuesday flights ahead of the storm , according to spokesman Morgan Durrant . All Wednesday Southwest Airlines and AirTran Airways departures -- about 160 flights -- are canceled in Atlanta , according to a statement from the joint airlines . The airport in Charlotte , North Carolina , is another spot where operations are getting snarled by winter weather , with more than 450 Wednesday flight cancellations at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport , according to FlightAware . That 's after more than 300 Tuesday cancellations . Atlanta 's guide to snow survival The Atlanta airport ramped up winter storm operations Monday night , putting essential employees on 12-hour shifts in preparation for the week 's bad weather . The airport said in a statement that it "  will remain open and fully operational this week . " The airport has 11 de-icing pads , 100,000 gallons of de-icing fluids and 50,000 pounds of de-icing pellets ready to treat icy aircraft and runways as well as 50,000 pounds of a salt/sand mixture to treat the airport roadways , according to spokesman Reese McCranie . During the last winter storm , the airport went through 13,000 gallons of de-icing fluid , 35,000 pounds of de-icing pellets and 35,000 pounds of the salt/sand mixture , McCranie said . Those materials will surely be needed if forecasts calling for freezing precipitation through much of Wednesday hold true . "  Accordingly , Atlanta will not be on a regular schedule until Thursday at the earliest , " wrote Daniel Baker , chief of executive officer of FlightAware.com . Airline customers should check their flight status with airlines before departing for the airport . Many airlines are offering flexible , no-fee changes to travel dates . For those who must travel , North Carolina 's Department of Transportation cautions drivers to reduce their speed , leave plenty of room between vehicles and approach bridges and overpasses with extreme caution . Do not apply your brakes on a bridge or if your car begins to slide . If your car begins to slip , turn the steering wheel in the direction of the slide and take your foot off the gas , the department advises . AAA advises motorists to check tire pressure and make sure car batteries , cooling systems and antifreeze levels are in order . Keep gas tanks close to full , the automobile association advises , so you 'll be able to run the engine for heat in case you get stranded . AAA suggests keeping the following items in your car : a shovel and a bag of sand ; a snowbrush and ice scraper ; jumper cables ; a spare tire ; windshield wiper fluid ; a cell phone and car charger ; and blankets , gloves , hats and food , water and essential medication . Conserve the battery life on your cell phone by turning it off when not expecting or making a call .	Nearly 1,100 Atlanta flights canceled ahead of winter storm for Wednesday Charlotte , North Carolina , and Dallas also posting winter weather cancellations Many Atlantans stayed home after the city 's recent winter weather traffic nightmare
ZURICH , Switzerland -- Martina Hingis has stunned the world of sport by revealing that she tested positive for cocaine at Wimbledon . Hingis won five grand slam titles and spent 209 weeks as world number one . Hingis , 27 , announced her retirement from tennis for the second time but denied that she had ever taken performance-enhancing drugs . "  I 've never taken drugs and I am 100 percent innocent , " said the former world number one who added that she was "  shocked and appalled " by the results of test taken after she crashed out in the third round at the All England Club to Laura Granville 6-4 6-2 . In a statement an emotional Hingis said : "  I find this accusation so horrendous , so monstrous , that I have decided to confront it head-on by talking to the press . "  My weapon on the tennis court is and always was one single thing : the game , the ingenuity on court . And for this style of tennis , there is only one performance enhancer -- the love of the game . " Hingis said that she had hired an attorney to help her clear her name , but had decided to retire because she did not want to become entangled in a lengthy legal process . "  A case like this one can sometimes take years to resolve , especially if both sides repeatedly appeal the case and take it to the next level . "  And this is the reason for my announcement . I have no desire to spend the next several years of my life reduced to fighting against the doping officials . " Hingis ended her season last month because of hip problems and said she would take as long as necessary to become fully fit again . Her second round loss to Peng Shuai of China in Beijing on September 19 proved to be her final match and it was rumored ahead of Thursday 's press conference in Zurich that she would be calling it a day . The popular Swiss player After returning to the game she won three titles and ended last year at number seven in the world rankings . She is still rated 19th on the WTA rankings . During her career Hingis won five grand slam titles and spent 209 weeks as the world 's number one . WTA Tour chief executive Larry Scott said the tour had not received any official information about a positive test and "  as a result we are not in a position to comment on the matter . " "  However , it is important to remember that in the area of anti-doping , all players are presumed innocent until proven otherwise , " Scott said . Referring to her retirement , he said , "  Martina Hingis is a tremendous champion and a fan favorite the world over . In her most recent comeback , she proved again that she can perform at the very highest levels of the game . " E-mail to a friend	Martina Hingis says she tested positive for cocaine at Wimbledon The former world number one says she has never taken drugs Hingis says she is quitting top class tennis for the second time
CNN  -- A space shuttle contract worker fell to his death Monday morning while working at the launch pad , preparing the space shuttle Endeavour for its final flight , according to a NASA official . United Space Alliance , the prime contractor for the U.S. space shuttle program , said in a press release that the victim was one of its employees , James Vanover . "  He fell at the pad , and NASA emergency medical personnel responded but were unable to revive him , " said Kennedy Space Center spokeswoman Candrea Thomas . Vanover was a swing-arm engineer , United Space Alliance spokeswoman Kari Fluegel said . He supported work on the gaseous oxygen vent hood as well as the orbiter access arm , which is the passageway through which astronauts enter the space shuttle . Relatives told CNN affiliate WKMG that Vanover had worked for 30 years at the Kennedy Space Center and had a new job lined up after he was to be laid off , along with many others affiliated with the space shuttle program , in the coming weeks . Fluegel said the man 's body was found on another level of Launch Pad 39A at the space hub in northeast Florida . NASA has not indicated what caused him to fall . "  The incident is under investigation , " Thomas said . "  As of right now , all work at the pad has been suspended for the day while we investigate what happened . " Allard Beutell , a NASA spokesman , told WKMG that "  other than the fact it is a dangerous environment , there was nothing major , no hazardous operation taking place . It was n't like they were fueling up the shuttle -- it was nothing like that . " Counseling and employee assistance are being provided to Kennedy Space Center workers , NASA said . Virginia Barnes , the CEO of the United Space Alliance , offered her "  heartfelt sympathy " to Vanover 's family . "  Our focus right now is on providing support for his families and for his coworkers , " she said in a press release . Endeavour is scheduled to blast off on its final mission April 19 .	NEW : NASA spokesman : "  Nothing major , no hazardous operation  was  taking place " Swing-arm engineer was found on another level of launch pad , his employer says The contract worker fell while preparing space shuttle Endeavour for its final flight Counseling and assistance are being provided to workers , NASA says
Audio recordings released on Monday reveal confusion between air traffic controllers and the veteran crew of a Southwest Airlines jet after they landed at the wrong airport in Missouri in January . "  I assume I 'm not at your airport , " one of the pilots radioed to controllers at Branson Airport , the Boeing 737 's intended destination . "  4013 , um , have you landed ? " comes the response , according to the recordings released by the Federal Aviation Administration . "  Yea , " says the pilot , after a brief pause . Then the controller calls to another air traffic facility for the area to inquire about the plane , and there is this exchange : "  Did you watch Southwest land ? " "  Yea , why ? " "  Did you see it come here ? They 're saying it landed at the wrong airport . " "  Are you kidding ? " "  Yea , no , I 'm not . " The plane from Chicago actually landed several miles away at a municipal airport in Taney County , which does n't have a control tower . And that was n't all . The Taney County airport 's runway is 3,738 feet , about half the length of the Branson runway , which is 7,140 feet . That forced pilots to act fast and brake hard when the aircraft with 129 passengers and crew touched down . No one was injured and the jet took off the next day . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating . The pilots remain on paid leave pending the outcome of the investigation , Southwest said in a statement .	FAA releases audio recording of air controllers and Southwest crew after landing Flight 4013 landed at small municipal airport in January , not its intended destination The matter is under investigation and pilots remain on paid leave for now
It is the trial of the century for Egypt . Egyptians crowded around televisions , struggling to glimpse former President Honsi Mubarak in a white prisoner 's uniform when the court session began on August 3 , 2011 . Despite being the fasting holy month of Ramadan , hundreds of people braved the scorching heat and inevitable thirst to bare witness to these historic proceedings on a large monitor erected by the government outside the courthouse . The world 's media was also in attendance trying to scavenge any scrap of information about the man who ruled Egypt for more than 30 years . The police rolled Mubarak into the courtroom on a hospital gurney and despite his sons ' best efforts to shield their father , the image of a tired , sickly old man shot around the world . This was the first time we had seen the former president since handing over power on February 10 , 2011 . The trial would last almost a year during which rumors constantly swirled about Mubarak 's health . Fueled by his lawyer , Mubarak always seemed to be on his deathbed . Numerous media reports also emerged of his death only later to be proven false . They got so bad that it became an Egyptian joke : "  Mubarak 's doctor visited him in the hospital and told him , ` you have to stop dying , it is n't good for your health . ' " During the year of his trial , Egypt would witness the dramatic rise of the Muslim Brotherhood , which would come to dominate the political scene . The organization , once heavily repressed by Mubarak , would sweep parliamentary elections garnering almost 50 % of the seats . The trial 's proceeding concluded almost a month before President Elect Mohamed Morsy , from the Muslim Brotherhood , would be sworn into office . The verdict on June 2 , 2012 reflected the times . Once again the world stopped to watch what would be the fate of the first Arab leader to stand trial since the beginning of the Arab Spring . The judge found Mubarak and co-defendants guilty on charges of failing to stop the killings of protesters . They were given life in prison , which in Egypt is 25 years . An 84-year-old Mubarak would n't see the outside of a prison again . The defendants appealed and the retrial began in January 2013 . It would take more than 50 sessions to arrive at a verdict but this time Mubarak 's trial would be overshadowed by growing turmoil in the country . Egypt 's Supreme Constitutional Court dissolved the first democratically elected parliament after declaring it unconstitutional . The Egyptian military ousted Morsy on July 3 , 2013 following another popular uprising . Security forces began arresting the Muslim Brotherhood 's leadership and thousands of their followers . The following August , security forces would clear Morsy supporters from two squares in Egypt resulting in more than 1,000 people killed . Morsy now stands trial over the death of protesters as well as an array of other charges . From the chaos emerged Abdel Fatah al-Sisi . He served as the head of military intelligence under Mubarak and was promoted by Morsy to be minister of defense . He oversaw the overthrow of Morsy and handover of power to Adly Mansour , although many believed al-Sisi remained the power behind the throne . In May of this year , Egyptians elected him president and thus the fourth recent leader of Egypt . Today 's verdict reflects the times . Fewer people were outside the courthouse for the trial . Small bands of protesters took to the streets . Most Egyptians vented their anger online . Talking to Mubarak supporters and protesters on both sides , they did agree on one thing . They told me the revolution is dead . But the drama is n't over yet ; the prosecution has one last appeal available .	Mubarak was convicted in 2012 for the deaths of protesters , but was given a new trial The former president ruled Egypt for almost 30 years before resigning amid protests On Saturday , former president cleared of causing deaths of protesters Mubarak supporters and protesters on both sides say : the revolution is dead
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Authorities arrested a man accused of secretly taping ESPN sports reporter Erin Andrews in the nude and posting the videos on the Internet , the FBI said Friday . ESPN reporter Erin Andrews claims someone videotaped her while she was nude and posted video online . Authorities arrested 48-year-old Michael David Barrett at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Friday . Barrett faces a charge of interstate stalking , the FBI said . Barrett is accused of taping Andrews while she was nude in two hotel rooms . He then made eight videos that he posted on the Internet , the FBI said . Barrett allegedly filmed seven of the eight videos at a hotel room in Nashville , Tennessee , in September 2008 . FBI agents said they found evidence that a peephole to the door of Andrews ' hotel room had been altered . The FBI learned that Barrett checked into the same hotel at that time and asked for a room adjacent to Andrews using his home address to register for the room . According to a criminal complaint , Barrett tried to sell the videos to celebrity gossip Web site TMZ.com . Employees at the Web site also helped in the investigation providing Barrett 's information to Andrews ' attorney . Andrews works as a sideline reporter traveling around the country covering college football games . Barrett will have his first court appearance in Chicago at 10 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  Saturday , authorities said . The maximum penalty for the charge of interstate stalking is five years in federal prison , the FBI said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Chicago man accused of secretly videotaping ESPN reporter Erin Andrews in nude Authorities say Andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel rooms Videos were later posted on Internet , according to FBI Michael David Barrett faces interstate stalking charge , authorities say
CNN  -- Singer Solange Knowles , also known as younger sister to Beyonce , took to Twitter on Wednesday claiming that Transportation Security Administration officials in Miami had searched her hair . It did n't take long for Knowles , who called it "  Discrim-FRO-nation " to get funny with it . "  Lets play a little game called : "  What did TSA find in Solange 's Fro " ? " she wrote to her 1.3 million Twitter followers . "  Romney 's actual 5 point plan , " replied @Elle_is_haute . " @Remzophilos : the good lord , Jesus of nazareth was fount in @solangeknowles ' fro , " wrote someone else . While she would n't comment on the specifics , the TSA does n't have a policy of specifically searching Afros , said agency spokeswoman Sari Koshetz . "  Can I touch it ? " The fascination with natural , African-American hair "  If someone is passing through the advanced imaging technology machine , it shows an outline of an individual , the same for every single person , " said Koshetz . "  If the hair area is highlighted , the machine may have picked up an anomaly or a possible threat in the head area . " That could include a bobby pin , hair clip , extension clips , ponytail holders or cloth head wraps . "  It would not be someone 's hair but something in someone 's hair , " she said . Natural hair stylist Isis Brantley , who claimed that TSA agents searched her hair last year , is n't buying it . Brantley says her hair clients often complain that security officials search their hair at the airport . "  How could you not know that people wear Afros ? " she said . But she thinks African-American women who wear their hair naturally are seen as "  flaunting it . You can not be seen in public with this hair and not have something happen . " Knowles had fun with her fans , and then she called it quits . "  Ok . Game over : Flights taking off . Me and my wig had a lot of good laughs with y' all . " The TSA 's Blogger Bob outlined the agency 's screening procedures for hair after another African-American woman with an Afro complained about her hair being searched . Have you had a similar screening experience ? Share your comments below .	Solange Knowles claimed her Afro was searched by the TSA on Wednesday She took to Twitter asking fans , "  What did TSA find in Solange 's Fro ? " The TSA does not have a policy of specifically searching Afros , spokeswoman said "  It would not be someone 's hair but something in someone 's hair , " she said
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S. fighter jets in Iraq have shot down an unmanned Iranian spy drone aircraft , the U.S. military said Monday . The Iranian aircraft had been flying in Iraqi airspace for 70 minutes before being shot down 60 miles northeast of Baghdad last month , the military said . "  This was not an accident on the part of the Iranians , " the U.S. military said in a statement . "  The -LSB- drone -RSB- was in Iraqi airspace for nearly one hour and 10 minutes and well inside Iraqi territory before it was engaged . " Two F-16 fighter jets followed the drone for about an hour before shooting it down , a Pentagon official said . The drone had no weapons and was strictly a spy aircraft , the official told CNN . The U.S. military has taken ownership of the drone , which the Pentagon official said is in "  pretty good shape . " Iraq 's national security adviser , Mowaffak al-Rubaie , declined to comment on the allegation and most major state-run media outlets in Iran did not carry news of any incident involving an Iranian drone . The Bush administration regularly accused Iran of meddling in Iraq and arming fighters , and in 2002 President George W. Bush put Iran in his "  axis of evil . " Since President Barack Obama took office he has appeared more conciliatory towards Iran although the country continues to cause U.S. concern over its nuclear ambitions and its role in Iraq .	U.S. military says two F-16 jets shot down Iranian spy drone over Iraq U.S. say 70-minute patrol in Iraqi airspace was not accidental It was shot down 60 miles northeast of Baghdad , military says Iranian national security adviser declined to comment on the U.S. allegation
CNN  -- They 're tall , they 're historic and they 're one of the most significant collections of freestanding treasures of ancient China . No , they 're not the Terracotta Warriors of Xi'an . They 're the "  diaolou " of Kaiping , more than 1,800 centuries-old watchtowers that dot the rice fields around the city of Kaiping in the Guangdong Province . Despite the city 's gorgeous landscape and a UNESCO World Heritage Site listing , Kaiping sees relatively few visitors each year -- for China , anyway . Last year 's record 600,000 visitors was disappointing for local officials , who lament that Kaiping is more deserving of visitors than more well known cities in China , which can hit that number in a week . China 's official desire to raise Kaiping 's profile is understandable -- the city offers a rare and tranquil travel experience that doubles as a history lesson on unique Chinese architecture . Fusion architecture The multistory watchtowers were built in the beginning of the Ming Dynasty  1368-1644  as a defensive response to incessant bandit raids . Heavy flooding in the area also played into the need for towers and three types of diaolou emerged over the centuries ; defensive , residential and communal . "  Most diaolou were designed with reinforced structures , thick walls and small windows , " explains Liwen Huang , marketing manager for the Tourism Administration of Kaiping Travel Resource Development Center . At the beginning of the 20th century , Kaiping became a major source of overseas emigres . Many Kaiping natives eventually returned to the homes with newly acquired wealth , and built diaolou with Western touches incorporated into the architecture . Residential diaolou became a way for owners ' to display their wealth via flamboyant designs . Along with the ancient diaolou 's historic significance , the unique fusion of Chinese and Western architecture was a major factor in UNESCO 's 2007 decision to confer World Heritage Site designation upon the structures . China 's ancient donut-like homes : Where to see the tulou Baroque , Roman and Gothic influences are clearly visible in many of the watchtowers . "  Chinese who went overseas brought these exotic elements back home , as they found Western architecture splendid while they were abroad , " says Huang . In some cases , local builders worked from images on postcards that were sent from abroad , creating unique designs . Li Garden The best example of a luxurious diaolou can be found at Li Garden , in the Beiyi Xiang district . Built in 1936 by wealthy Chinese emigrant businessman Weili Xie  he had four wives and more than 20 children  , the 11,000-square-meter complex is composed of one diaolou , six villas , two gardens , waterways and bridges . The luxurious interior was built with materials imported from overseas . Quanzhou : China 's forgotten historic port The complex was equipped with then-modern Western elements , such as flushing toilets , sinks , marble tile and fireplaces -- this at a time when most Chinese were living in tiny cottages with outdoor toilets . The garden has 20-meter steel pillars , a huge golden pavilion shaped like a birdcage and a green pond for turtles . Each window was built with at least four panes of glass to protect against firearms . What to eat while in town Sweets are a specialty of Kaiping street stalls . Grass jelly : Made of mesona chinensis , a Chinese herb , grass jelly is one of Kaiping 's most popular summer snacks . The jelly tastes best when served with shaved ice , syrup , honey or condensed milk . The sweetness balances the mild bitterness of the herb . Tofu pudding : A popular local dessert , tofu pudding has a delicate , creamy texture . Locals add a little sugar to make it more flavorful . Maltose sticks : A short wooden stick is used to stir , then mount melted maltose -- turning it into a delicious golden , sticky snack . How to get there Fly to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport , take a taxi to Tianhe Coach Terminal Station , which should cost about RMB120  $ 20  ; buses depart from Tianhe Coach Terminal Station to Kaiping from 7:30 a.m. to 7:15 p.m. ; tickets cost RMB38  $ 6  .	The watchtowers in Kaiping , China , were originally built for defense against bandit raids They received a UNESCO World Heritage Site listing in 2007 In the early 20th century , wealthy emigrants returned to Kaiping and built more towers with Western influences
CNN  -- A Frenchwoman kidnapped from her holiday home in northern Kenya and taken to Somalia has died , the French Foreign Ministry said Wednesday . A gang of 10 armed men seized Marie Dedieu this month from her home on Manda Island , prompting a sea battle between Kenyan forces and her abductors . Kenyan officials sent mediators into Somalia a day later to negotiate her release . Dedieu lived in a luxury home on the scenic Lamu archipelago for about six months out of the year . Kenyan officials and an acquaintance said the woman , in her 60s , used a wheelchair and was not in good health . "  The contacts through which the French government was trying to release Marie Dedieu ... have announced her death , " the ministry said in a statement , adding the date and circumstances of the death can not be specified . The ministry said Dedieu 's death "  is almost sure " even if it does not have her body . "  She was an ill and disabled woman , " Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said . "  This is therefore a deeply barbaric and violent act . France condemns firmly this act . " "  Marie Dedieu 's health , the uncertainty about the conditions of her detention , the fact that the abductors had probably refused to give her the medication we had sent her , make us think that this tragic end is unfortunately the most plausible one , " the ministry statement said . Dedieu 's friends and relatives have been notified , it said . "  The French government wants to say that it is deeply moved , saddened and that it supports Marie Dedieu 's relatives , " the statement said . "  The government also wants to express its indignation following the complete lack of humanity and cruelty from the abductors of our compatriot . We want them to be identified and brought to justice . " The statement said the government is requesting "  the repatriation of our compatriot 's body . " The Kenyan government sent its condolences to Dedieu 's "  family , friends and colleagues " in a statement Wednesday . "  The kidnapping and detention of Marie Dedieu was a terror act not only against her , but also against Kenya , her home country France and the entire world , " the statement said . " ... The Kenyan government thanks the French government and the people of France for their continued support even during this moment of loss . " Dedieu 's abduction was the second in the area in a month , a major blow to Kenya , which relies on tourism dollars . Gunmen seized British tourist Judith Tebbutt and killed her husband near Lamu last month . Security analysts have said Tebbutt is being held by pirates in a remote corner of Somalia . British government officials have asked journalists not to reveal her exact location to avoid abduction attempts from rival gangs . France and Britain warned travelers to avoid the Kenyan coastline near Somalia in the wake of the abductions . Kenyan officials have said they believe the kidnappings are carried out by the Al-Shabaab Somali militant group . A third incident involved the kidnapping of two Spanish aid workers at the Dadaab refugee camp last week . Kenyan forces crossed into Somalia this week to pursue the militant fighters after the kidnappings heightened tensions in East Africa . In the statement Wednesday , the Kenyan government said operations against Al-Shabaab were continuing .	NEW : The Kenyan government sends condolences over Marie Dedieu 's death The French Foreign Ministry says Dedieu 's death has been announced Dedieu was seized on October 1 Kenyan officials sent mediators into Somalia to negotiate her release
LONDON , England -- Former Culture Club singer Boy George has been convicted of falsely imprisoning a male escort . The judge told Boy George he faced jail . Norwegian Audun Carlsen , 29 , said the frontman with the 1980s band beat him with a metal chain as he tried to flee his London flat after a naked photo shoot . A jury at a London court found on Friday that the case was proven against the 46-year-old musician -- tried under his real name of George O'Dowd . The singer declined to give evidence during the trial but the jury heard he told police he handcuffed Carlsen to his bed while he investigated alleged tampering with his computer . Carlsen told the court O'Dowd invented the story about computer tampering so he could punish him for not having sex at a previous meeting . He said : "  I think he could n't handle the refusal -- me not having sex with him . " O'Dowd looked grim as the verdict was delivered , according to the Press Association . The singer was bailed until sentencing on January 16 . Judge David Radford warned him that he was likely to face jail . "  The fact that your bail is being continued does not imply that this will be dealt with by a non-custodial sentence . I do n't want any false expectations created , " he said .	Boy George convicted by jury in London of falsely imprisoning male escort Norwegian Audun Carlsen said star beat him with metal chain after photo shoot Singer told police he handcuffed Carlsen while he investigated tampered computer
CNN  -- As Secretary of State John Kerry pursues new peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians , he and President Obama will need broad-based support in efforts for peace , which will come only through bridging the gulf between those who identify primarily with Israelis and those who identify primarily with Palestinians . As a rabbi and the director of a Jewish human rights organization , I have seen how that gulf inhibits all of us in our ability to support the peace process . A few cases in point : A pro-Palestinian activist was struggling to understand why the Jewish community reacts so strongly against calls to boycott and divest from Israel . After all , she told me , boycotts are an accepted nonviolent tactic for achieving a political goal . Did n't I know about the anti-apartheid struggle in South Africa ? Or the fight for the rights of migrant grape workers in California ? What about the Montgomery bus boycott ? But the word "  boycott " carries terrible associations for Jews . I explained to her that it is linked in our minds to the boycotts of Jewish businesses in Nazi Germany , which presaged the deportations and murders . Then there 's the history of blood libel , the false accusations of Jewish violence against Christians that often prompted boycotts and worse . The very word boycott triggers this communal post-traumatic stress , regardless of the intentions of those advocating for such tactics . Not long after , the director of a national Jewish organization complained to me that protests against the occupation , including calls for boycotts and divestment , seek to smear Israel 's image and de-legitimize the country 's right to exist . Although I do n't support boycotts of Israel , I challenged him to consider that the worst damage to Israel 's image and credibility might come from the occupation itself . The failure of the two sides to communicate has implications far beyond whether pro-Israel and pro-Palestinian advocates can get along . Within the United States , we have seen a breakdown in relationships between Jewish communities and other minority communities who have long been natural allies for an open , diverse and equitable America . The inability to break out of one-sided rhetoric also limits both sides ' willingness to accept the painful concessions that will be necessary for peace . Those who sympathize primarily with the Palestinians must recognize that the trauma of the Holocaust and of thousands of years of anti-Semitism remains an open wound for the Jewish community . We will never "  get over it . " Acknowledging this trauma does not mean that criticism of Israeli policy is off limits . Instead , those protesting the occupation need to clamp down on any rhetoric that crosses the line into anti-Semitic stereotyping , that denies Jewish history and identity , or that dismisses the suffering and human rights of Israelis . There can be no space within the anti-occupation movement for negative portrayals of Jews , calls to wipe out Israel , or diatribes against "  Zionists , " a word that most Jews understand as a barely veiled reference to all of us . When Hamas militants shoot rockets at towns and villages in Israel , the Jewish community needs to hear condemnation from those who most often ally themselves with Palestinians . Those who sympathize primarily with Israel must similarly reject dehumanizing rhetoric about Palestinians or Muslims . It is vital to acknowledge the day-to-day suffering of Palestinians , who contend with the theft of private land , long and demeaning checkpoint lines , and violence from settlers and soldiers . Responding with disbelief to painful narratives , or countering with stories of Israel 's scientific and medical achievements , paints the Jewish community as tone deaf to the suffering of others . When the Israeli government issues building permits for a new settlement , demolishes a Palestinian home , or levies only minor penalties on Jews who attack Palestinians and their property , mainstream Jewish leaders need to condemn these actions as unjust and destructive of the possibility for peace . Those on both sides who are unwilling to change their rhetoric should come clean about whether they are actually committed to peace . Those who tolerate language that demonizes Jews or who justify violence against Israeli civilians must ask themselves whether they are actually most interested in achieving a better future for Palestinians , or whether they are indulging in dangerous anti-Semitism . Those who dismiss Palestinian suffering or who rationalize violence against Palestinian civilians must ask themselves whether they are serious about a two-state solution , or whether they are simply looking for excuses to sustain the occupation indefinitely . Each side also needs to look forward instead of back . Jews must acknowledge that this moment is neither the Germany of the 1930s nor the Israel of the second intifada . The very prominence of boycotts , protests and appeals to the United Nations -- whether we approve of these tactics or not -- reflects a decision by the Palestinian majority to pursue nonviolent efforts to achieve a state . Those who take up the Palestinian cause must acknowledge that the state of Israel and its more than 6 million Jewish citizens are here to stay . Both sides need to stop arguing about whose fault it is that previous negotiations have failed . It 's easier to attack and defend than to seek to understand the other side 's legitimate needs and emotions . But there 's no easy way around it . Creating a just and peaceful future for Israelis and Palestinians requires doing it the hard way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of	Israeli-Palestinian peace talks need support that comes from understanding of both sides Jacobs : Palestinian sympathizers , know the Holocaust is an open wound Jacobs : Israeli sympathizers , stop dehumanizing Palestinians , accept their suffering Each side needs to look forward , stop arguing over who 's to blame , she says
CNN  "  What 's going on with the tourists lately ? " That 's likely the question going through the minds of officials at Cambodia 's Angkor Archeological Park , which has experienced a string of nudity-related incidents this year . Last Friday , U.S. tourists and sisters Lindsey Kate Adams and Leslie Jan Adams were deported after allegedly getting caught taking partially nude photos at Preah Khan temple , one of the sacred sites inside Cambodia 's Angkor complex . "  It 's an offense to the culture of others , regardless of religion , " Kerya Chau Sun , APSARA  Authority for the Protection and Management of Angkor and the Region of Siem Reap  National Authority spokesperson , told CNN . "  As a Cambodian , it 's hurtful to my belief , and especially to the poor Cambodians saving up money to be able to come across the country to pray at Angkor . "  Angkor is a sacred site for all Cambodians and practicing Buddhists , worldwide . " The duo were charged with trafficking pornography and exposing sexual body parts . They received six-month suspended prison sentences , a one-million riel  $ 250  fine and were banned from entering the country for four years . A series of nude incidents The sisters ' criminal faux pas took place on the heels two other incidents involving tourists who could n't keep their clothes on . Three French tourists were deported earlier this month for allegedly posing for nude pictures in another temple at the World Heritage Site . Meanwhile , last month a group of photos featuring a topless dancer leaning against the ruins surfaced on Facebook . APSARA officials are still investigating the incident . The government body is now looking into ways to deter tourists from taking off their clothes . Some proposals include adding more guards in distant sites and pressing charges against tourists who are caught engaging in behavior deemed inappropriate . "  We are studying to impose dissuasive fines and prison sentences , " says Chau Sun . "  We may also request assistance from embassies to inform their citizens who visit Angkor on the sanctity of the site . " Nudity in sacred spots is n't just a Cambodian problem . Early last year , Peru officials deployed similar measures after a chain of "  naked tourism " incidents at Machu Picchu , also a World Heritage Site . They detained four American tourists , two Canadians and two Australians for stripping down for pictures at the site . Expert : "  Respect the community " "  I think tourists frequently forget that the Angkor Archeological Park is not an amusement park , but a place with living communities and many sacred places that are still actively maintained and worshiped , " says Alison Carter , an archaeologist who has been working in Cambodia for about 10 years and with the Greater Angkor Project since 2011 . "  Tourists should dress modestly in accordance with Cambodian customs and treat the sites respectfully . "  Climbing on ruins , touching carvings and taking nude photographs is disrespectful to the Cambodians who live , work and worship at these sites and find them to be of great importance to their culture and heritage . " CNN 's Laura Ma and Karla Cripps also contributed to the story .	Two U.S. tourists deported from Cambodia after allegedly taking nude pictures at Angkor Archaeological Park It 's the third known nude photo incident to hit the park in recent weeks Authority that manages Angkor now looking into ways to deter such behavior
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A United Nations court has found that the United States violated an international treaty and the court 's own order when a Mexican national was executed last year in a Texas prison . Jose Ernesto Medellin was executed by lethal injection for raping and murdering two girls aged 14 and 16 . The International Court of Justice  ICJ  issued a ruling Monday in an unusual case that pitted President Bush against his home state in a dispute over federal authority , local sovereignty and foreign treaties . Mexico had filed a formal complaint against U.S. state and federal officials "  The United States of America has breached the obligation incumbent upon it " to stop the execution , the ICJ announced in a unanimous opinion . Jose Ernesto Medellin 's death by lethal injection in August followed a 15-year legal dispute after his conviction for two brutal slayings . At issue was whether Texas and other states had to give in to a demand by the president that the prisoner be allowed new hearings and resentencing . Bush made that request reluctantly after the international court in 2004 concluded that Medellin and about 50 other Mexicans on various states ' death rows were improperly denied access to their consulate upon arrest , a violation of a treaty signed by the United States decades ago . Their home countries could have provided legal and other assistance to the men had they been notified , the court said . In a separate judgment , the ICJ declined Mexico 's demand that the United States provide guarantees against executing other foreign inmates in the future . The U.S. Supreme Court last March ruled for Texas , allowing the Medellin execution to proceed . Efforts stalled in Congress last summer over legislation that would have given foreign death row inmates like Medellin a new hearing before any punishment could be carried out . State Department officials have said the international ruling will not help other foreign inmates in U.S. prisons , because federal officials can not force states to comply . Administration officials also said that the president did all he could to force state compliance and that Congress now needs to intervene with specific legislation . Medellin was 18 when he participated in the June 1993 gang rape and murder of two Harris County girls : Jennifer Ertman , 14 , and Elizabeth Pena , 16 . He was convicted of the crimes and sentenced to death . The prisoner 's lawyers argued that Mexican consular officials were never able to meet with the man until after his conviction . Only Oklahoma has commuted a capital inmate 's sentence to life in prison in response to the international judgment . Days after Medellin died by lethal injection , Texas executed Honduran native Heliberto Chi Acheituno , who also said his treaty rights were violated . The ICJ in 2004 ordered the United States to provide "  review and reconsideration " of the sentences and convictions of the Mexican prisoners . That world court again in July mandated that the United States do everything within its federal authority to stop Medellin 's execution until his case could be further reviewed by American courts . Based in The Hague , Netherlands , the ICJ resolves disputes between nations over treaty obligations . The 15-judge panel is the principal judicial organization of the United Nations , laying out rights of people detained in other nations . The Supreme Court appeal turned on what role each branch of government plays to give force to international treaty obligations . After the ICJ ruling , the United States pulled out of that international court 's jurisdiction in matters arising from the Vienna Convention . In allowing the Medellin execution to proceed , the Supreme Court majority noted congressional "  inaction " on the issue , efforts that had "  not progressed beyond the bare introduction of a bill in the four years since the ICJ ruling . "	Jose Ernesto Medellin executed in Texas by lethal injection last year State Department says ruling wo n't aid other foreign inmates U.S. Supreme Court ruling had allowed execution to proceed
MUMBAI , India  Reuters  -- They are the arteries that keep Mumbai 's economy ticking , rattling six million people a day to offices , shops and factories . But arriving safe and sound for work after a trip on Mumbai 's clogged railways is no mean feat . Even after a $ 2 billion upgrade , Mumbai 's trains will still have to carry 1.5 times their capacity at peak hours . On average , 4,000 people die a year on Mumbai 's railways , crushed under trains , electrocuted by overhead power lines or killed as they lean from jam-packed carriages to gasp for air . It is perhaps the world 's deadliest commute . "  Everyday it 's a nightmare . The train is so crowded that one has to look up at the ceiling to breathe , " said Natasha Pillai , a young student in India 's financial capital . At peak hours more than 550 people cram into a carriage built for 200 . Passengers fall to their deaths from moving trains or tumble under the wheels from crowded platforms . People hang from coaches , balance precariously on the roofs of carriages or risk a ride on the bumpers between cars as they trundle along three lines and through nearly 120 stations . The crush to board is so bad commuters take trains in the wrong direction so they can grab seats when they turn around . Fatal accidents are so common that stations stock sheets to cover corpses , and officials spend hours entering details of mangled remains to try to identify victims in a gruesome database . In the first four months of this year , more than 1,200 people have been killed , according to official figures . Many get run over crossing the tracks , too rushed or tired to use pedestrian overpasses . "  People here believe in shortcuts which is a very bad habit , " rail official Bhagwat Dahisarkar said with extravagant understatement . His office fined about 30,000 people $ 12 each last year for breaking rules . Tickets average about 10 rupees  25 cents  . Last year , 186 people died when bombs went off on seven trains during the evening rush hour . The British built the first railways in Mumbai in the 1850s , but more recently a lack of investment and a city growing rapidly as migrants flood in has stretched the system to breaking point . Officials are splashing out on a $ 2 billion upgrade -- the first major overhaul since independence in 1947 -- that will add 180 km  110 miles  of new track and 147 trains over five years . But even when all these new coaches are rolling , commuter trains will have to carry 1.5 times their capacity at peak hours . For Mumbai 's 17 million residents , the railways are indispensable but a form of slow torture : traveling from the southern business districts to the ever-lengthening northern suburbs where most live takes about two hours . Road travel is also painfully slow and often impossible during the annual monsoon , when torrential rains flood streets waist deep . Mumbai 's stations are busy round the clock , as waiting passengers , new arrivals with one way tickets looking for work , the homeless , beggars , drug addicts , dogs and cows battle for space . Trains -- plastered with adverts for items like toothpaste , underwear and condoms -- run every five to seven minutes , but delays are common , leading edgy commuters to hit out at the slightest provocation . Angry passengers riot a few times each year , rampaging through stations and , occasionally , torching trains and clashing with police . "  We feel like goats and sheep herded into a compartment with no space to move and no proper ventilation , " said 52-year-old shop owner Rajesh Vasavda . "  I bet no high-level government official ever takes a ride back home in these crowded trains . The day they are forced into one , I am sure immediate action will be taken . " Authorities say the ongoing network upgrade will improve matters , but commuters are skeptical . "  Plans are always made , but nothing really happens , " said Bidisha Mukherjee , a young commuter . "  If they want to do something , it had better be quick . " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	On average , 4,000 people die a year on Mumbai 's railways Victims are crushed by trains , electrocuted by power lines or killed leaning out At peak hours more than 550 people cram into a carriage built for 200 Angry passengers riot a few times each year , rampaging through stations
CNN  -- As the mosque debate dominates the summer spin cycle , a new Pew Research Poll shows that an increasing number of Americans believe that Barack Obama is a Muslim -- now up to 18 percent from 11 percent in March 2009 . At the same time , only a third of Americans say Obama is a Christian , down from nearly 50 percent last year . And while the biggest jumps in believing Obama is Muslim come from self-described conservative Republicans -- from 18 percent to 34 percent -- the number of Democrats who describe Obama as Christian fell from 55 percent to 46 percent . Independents -- while being the group least likely to want professions of religious beliefs from politicians -- have also fallen in with the drift . I believe the American people are smart . So what can account for this slippage from common sense to conspiracy theory ? Obama made the story of his increasing commitment to Christianity a central tenet of his campaign character narrative ; whole chapters were devoted to matters of faith in his book "  The Audacity of Hope . " But in the radioactive wake of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , Obama left his longstanding church and has not yet found a new congregation . The absence of Obama attending Sunday services regularly has been a repeated "  just askin ' ... " talking point on right wing news and radio -- and indeed , the Pew poll shows that most respondents got their "  views " about Obama 's religion from "  the media . " The meticulous attention that some liberals paid to George Bush 's golf game is now directed at Obama hitting the links -- with the added subtext that he 's playing when he should be praying . In the eyes of his opponents , Obama is an elitist silently laughing at those bitter Americans who cling to their guns and religion . The fact that an icon of the religious right like Ronald Reagan rarely attended Sunday services is ignored . But these poll numbers are also an ugly proxy for the campaign to convince the American people that their president is somehow "  other " -- an "  Alien in the White House , " as a Wall Street Journal editorial page headline called him recently . The birther myths build off this sense of Obama as a sinister fraud , casting Obama as not just anti-American in his beliefs but actually un-American and therefore not constitutionally eligible to be president . These conspiracy theories in turn build off chain e-mails that have been circulating since at least 2008 , portraying Obama as a Muslim Marxist Manchurian Candidate determined to undermine the Republic from within -- a fright wing fantasy that has proliferated via the internet . Depressingly , a CNN poll earlier this month found that 27 percent of all Americans believe that Obama was either definitely or probably not born in the USA -- a belief shared by 41 percent of Republicans . "  Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , " the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan famously said , "  but not their own facts . " But the rise of partisan media means that Americans are self-segregating themselves into separate political realities where we ca n't even agree on basic facts like the president 's religion and birthplace . While no responsible Republican would ever explicitly encourage these beliefs , there are plenty who delight in these poll findings because it presumably points to partisan gain . Truth is not as important as the pursuit of power in professional partisans ' eyes , and dividing to conquer is a time-honored trick . Each president since at least Nixon has faced a concerted effort to de-legitimize the duly elected president of the opposing party from day one . But with Barack Obama , the fact that he is the first African-American president with a middle name Hussein has led to a new level of ugliness and suspicion . Attacks that demonize the president are poisoning the civic well from which we all drink . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon says Pew poll found 18 percent of Americans believe Obama is Muslim The misconception ranges across political spectrum . Why is this happening , he asks ? Political opponents are smart enough to know the truth , but like the controversy , he says
Editor 's note : Below is an excerpt from author Alex Wellen 's new novel , "  Lovesick . " In this chapter , after weeks of procrastinating , Andy Altman finally works up the nerve to ask his future father-in-law , Gregory Day , for his daughter Paige 's hand in marriage . Alex Wellen is an award-winning television producer for CNN . Nothing like mixing love and a battle with a crime ring of geriatric gangsters to cause some dizziness . CNN  -- I go to the dining room for some privacy . It 's now or never . I press the speed dial for "  Gregory Home . " While the phone searches for a cell tower among the sticks , I confirm the coast is clear . Reception here is spotty . My phone flickers between one and three bars . You ca n't do this with anything less than three out of five . The quality of the connection is crucial . "  Come again , Andrew ? Why on God 's green earth would you want my dressing ? " I 've got two bars . It 's ringing . Holy crap ! Holy crap ! Holy crap ! I 'm getting married . I should have done this in person . I should have taken him to Applebee 's or bought tickets to an Oakland A 's game or just asked him over lunch at Langley 's Diner . This should be easier . Does n't every man secretly want a son ? "  Hello , " Gregory says , bracing for a telemarketer . "  Dad ! It 's me . " No . "  Mr. Day , Andy Altman here . " No . "  Gregory , we need to talk . " No . "  Is anyone there ? " "  Hi , it 's Andy , " I say finally . "  Hello , Andrew , " he says , still concerned I might sell him something . I can hear him tearing paper like he 's opening mail . "  Everything okay ? " he says suddenly . "  You bet . We arrived safely in Sonoma , " I assure him . "  Paige is getting ready for dinner . " His daughter may have just turned thirty , but a father never wants to be reminded that his unwed daughter is on a sleepover with a boy . "  Ignorance is bliss , " "  plausible deniability , " this is how a father deals with his daughter 's virginity , Paige tells me . "  After dinner , it 's bingo at the Baptist Church , a mug of hot cocoa , and straight to separate sleeping quarters , " I want to tell him . "  How are things ? " I ask , scanning the reception area , working up the nerve . "  Same as they were two hours ago , " he says coolly . Gregory clears his throat : "  What can I do for you this evening ? " "  So I wanted to call , " I say , taking a deep breath . "  Let me stop you right there . I do n't need an apology about before . Just do n't let it happen again . I want to put this whole evening behind us . Tomorrow 's another day . " "  You want to put this evening behind us ? " "  Yes . " I let out a long sigh . "  God , I 've never done this before , " I say . Was that my inside voice or my outside voice ? Calm down . "  I wanted to call you , " my outside voice says . "  You know Paige and I have a wonderful time together . I love her very much and I would like to ask her to marry me . I have such great respect for you and I would n't feel right not checking with you first . " It sounded better in the shower . A tumbleweed rolls through the dining room . Crickets chirp . "  Hello ? " I ask . Gregory speaks , finally . "  I appreciate that , Andrew , " he says kindly . "  I do . " He seems genuinely touched . "  When did you want to do this ? " Did n't I say "  tonight " ? I swore I said "  tonight . " "  Tonight . " "  Tonight ! " He 's appalled , his voice rising . "  You 're proposing tonight and you 're asking me now ? " "  You 're totally right . I screwed up . I 'm sorry . I was just worried about spoiling the surprise . " "  You do n't trust me to keep a secret ? " Gregory demands . "  No , not at all , I trust you . I bet you 're the best with secrets . " Gregory takes a deep breath . Then another . He clears his throat . I 'm blowing this . "  Wait , " he commands finally . "  Okay . No problem . " I lean against the dining room wall , sandwiching the cell phone between my ear and the window . I close my eyes , bracing for what Gregory might say next . Nine long hours pass in silence . Then I hear him take three short hits of his inhaler . "  Hello ? " I ask . "  Hello ? " he asks . "  Oh , hey , you 're back . " "  What do you mean ` I 'm back ' ? " he asks . "  You 're back , you told me to wait . Did n't you just go somewhere ? " "  I 'm just sitting here . I was waiting for you to say something . " "  I thought you wanted me to wait , " I say . "  I do . I want you to wait to ask Paige to get married . " It 's as if Paige and I are back in the car and I 've narrowly missed that head-on collision . My blood vessels widen . The adrenaline kicks in . What is he asking me ? Is he saying no ? Is he saying maybe ? "  If this is about money , " I prod , "  I 've got savings . " "  That 's not it at all . " "  You think a year is too short to get engaged , " I conclude . "  It 's been more like nine months , and that 's not it either . Listen , " he begins . "  I do n't want to pressure you , Gregory , " I jump in , "  but I love Paige . We 're a good couple . I 'd be honored to be a part of your family . " "  Just wait , Andy , " he says , his voice shaky . It 's the first time he 's called me this . "  I have my reasons and I 'll explain when I see you . I promise . But you need to make me two promises , son : keep this between us ... and wait . " Calling all couples : When did the light bulb go off in your head ? Send your pictures and video to iReport.com . Then submit your story to the "  Lovesick " Survival Kit giveaway on Facebook .	The novel "  Lovesick " is about when love runs up against crime Andrew Altman wants to marry the girl he 's in love with But the young suitor runs into a ring of geriatric gangsters
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- Carol Byrd feels anxious at night when she leaves her home , just a few blocks away from West Florissant Avenue . She fears for her life . She lives near the epicenter of protests that erupted after the killing of Michael Brown in this St. Louis suburb last August . Byrd sought solace Sunday at her church . "  I feel calmer , but I 'm still deeply disturbed , " said Byrd , 49 , after service was over at Greater St. Mark Family Church , which has served as a sanctuary for protesters and will be a haven again if things get rough . Byrd said someone in her apartment complex was shot a few weeks ago during protests . She fears that demonstrations could turn violent again . "  I do n't know what the verdict will be , " she said about the grand jury investigating Brown 's death . "  I do n't know when it will come . " That 's a question that hangs heavily over Ferguson , a city that remains on edge as word spreads that a grand jury looking into whether to indict police Officer Darren Wilson has yet to make a decision . Jurors are set to reconvene Monday . Amina Stevenson , 26 , said everyone is doing their best to deal with this period of extreme anxiety . "  I know God is protecting me and my family , " she said . Stevenson says she believes the grand jury decision on whether to indict Wilson may be postponed because no one wants trouble during Thanksgiving . "  But they 've already ruined it , " she said . Voices of Ferguson : What do you want the world to know ? The Rev. Tommie L. Pierson Sr. , pastor at Greater St. Mark , knew he would have to soothe troubled souls on this Sunday . He was also keenly aware that reporters were in the house of God . "  I hope that I wo n't disappoint you , " he said before starting his sermon . "  I 'm going to try my best not to say something juicy that for the rest of my life I regret . " Pierson has hardly been guarded on what he deems as injustice and extreme police brutality in Brown 's killing . He said that if there is no indictment against Wilson , authorities will be sending a message that black lives do n't matter . He asked his flock to rely on their faith to get them through turbulent times . "  The path to moving forward is not always smooth , " he told CNN . "  We must do it by faith . " A tale of two streets in Ferguson But , he said , it was n't enough for African-Americans to show their anger on the streets . He preached that black people must turn tragedy into empowerment . His sermon focused on every person 's obligation to vote and participate in the community . Lack of African-American civic engagement in Ferguson , which is 68 % black , has been a key theme in discussions about reforming aspects of how the city operates . "  The power to get what you need is already in our hands . We are part of the people , and we must participate , " Pierson said from the pulpit . "  Pain will force us to do something . " Pierson , like other community leaders , appealed for calm from protesters and relief from God . "  You alone know what the grand jury will do , " Pierson said , looking up . "  You alone know what the marchers and demonstrators will do . We ask , oh God , for your protection . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter	At Greater St. Mark Family Church , parishioners wonder what 's next "  I do n't know what the verdict will be , " one worried woman says Another speculates the grand jury could postpone its decision The church 's pastor encourages voting and community involvement
CNN  -- Italian newspapers , an archbishop and civil liberties campaigners expressed shock and revulsion on Monday after photographs were published of sunbathers apparently enjoying a day at the beach just meters from where the bodies of two drowned Roma girls were laid out on the sand . Photographs of the dead Roma girls on a beach caused outrage in Italy . Italian news agency ANSA reported that the incident had occurred on Saturday at the beach of Torregaveta , west of Naples , southern Italy , where the two girls had earlier been swimming in the sea with two other Roma girls . Reports said they had gone to the beach to beg and sell trinkets . Local news reports said the four girls found themselves in trouble amid fierce waves and strong currents . Emergency services responded 10 minutes after a distress call was made from the beach and two lifeguards attended the girls upon hearing their screams . Two of them were pulled to safety but rescuers failed to reach the other two in time to save them . Watch why the photos have generated anger " The Web site of the Archbishop of Naples said the girls were cousins named Violetta and Cristina , aged 12 and 13 . Their bodies were eventually laid out on the sand under beach towels to await collection by police . Photographs show sunbathers in bikinis and swimming trunks sitting close to where the girls ' feet can be seen poking out from under the towels concealing their bodies . A photographer who took photos at the scene told CNN the mood among sunbathers had been one of indifference . Other photos show police officers lifting the bodies into coffins and carrying them away past bathers reclined on sun loungers . "  While the lifeless bodies of the girls were still on the sand , there were those who carried on sunbathing or having lunch just a few meters away , " Italian newspaper La Repubblica reported . Corriere della Sera said that a crowd of curious onlookers that had formed around the bodies quickly dispersed . "  Few left the beach or abandoned their sunbathing . When the police from the mortuary arrived an hour later with coffins , the two girls were carried away between bathers stretched out in the sun . " The incident also attracted condemnation from the Archbishop of Naples , Cardinal Crecenzio Seppe . "  Indifference is not an emotion for human beings , " Seppe wrote in his parish blog . "  To turn the other way or to mind your own business can sometimes be more devastating than the events that occur . " Recent weeks have seen heightened tensions between Italian authorities and the country 's Roma minority amid a crackdown by Silvo Berlusconi 's government targeting illegal immigrants and talk by government officials of a "  Roma emergency " that has seen the 150,000-strong migrant group blamed for rising street crime . That has provided justification for police raids on Roma camps and controversial government plans to fingerprint all Roma -- an act condemned by the European Parliament and United Nations officials as a clear act of racial discrimination . Popular resentment against Romanies has also seen Roma camps near Naples attacked and set on fire with petrol bombs by local residents . In a statement published on its Web site , the Italian civil liberties group EveryOne said Saturday 's drowning had occurred in an atmosphere of "  racism and horror " and cast doubt on the reported version of events , suggesting that it appeared unusual for the four girls to wade into the sea , apparently casting modesty aside and despite being unable to swim . "  The most shocking aspect of all this is the attitude of the people on the beach , " the statement said . "  No one appears the slightest upset at the sight and presence of the children 's dead bodies on the beach : they carry on swimming , sunbathing , sipping soft drinks and chatting . " CNN 's Jennifer Eccleston contributed to this report .	Italian outrage over photos of sunbathers at a beach where two Roma girls drowned Photos showed girls ' bodies lying on sand covered in beach towels Newspapers report beach goers eating lunch , sun bathing as bodies carried away Incident occurred amid heightened tensions between authorities , Roma minority
CNN  -- Was it a debate ? A berating ? A surreal televised "  stunt " ? No matter what you call radio host Alex Jones ' appearance on "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " one thing is certain : It 's generating a great deal of social media buzz . On Tuesday morning , Jones was a top-trending topic on Twitter as people read about the interview , watched clips online or shared their thoughts after watching Monday night 's fiery exchange live . The man behind a petition to deport Morgan back to the UK for expressing his views on gun control went on the attack , calling the CNN host "  a hatchet man of the new world order . " "  1776 will commence again if you try to take our firearms ! " Jones yelled . "  It does n't matter how many lemmings  mindless followers  you get out on the street begging for them to have their guns taken ! We will not relinquish them ! Do you understand ? " Morgan has pushed for stricter gun control regulations since a gunman killed 27 people before committing suicide last month in Newtown , Connecticut -- 26 of them in a mass shooting at an elementary school , including 20 children . "  I 'm in favor of a nationwide ban on military-style semiautomatic assault weapons and high-capacity magazines , " he said as he opened his Monday night show , before introducing Jones . Alex Jones : "  The Republic will rise again when you attempt to take our guns " Watch : ` Deport Piers Morgan ' host 's rant , Part 1 Jones ' petition , posted on the White House website , accuses Morgan of being "  engaged in a hostile attack against the U.S. Constitution by targeting the Second Amendment . " It has more than 100,000 signatures . Morgan prefaced his confrontation with Jones with a live report on Monday 's testimony in a preliminary hearing for Aurora movie theater shooting suspect James Holmes and a live interview with relatives of two victims who died in a hail of bullets from a military-style rifle in that shooting in July . "  I appreciate you having your First Amendment right . I am glad you are speaking out , " said Dave Hoover , whose nephew died in the movie theater . The White House also made reference to First Amendment freedoms , in a statement Monday night . "  The White House responds to all petitions that cross the threshold , and we will respond to this one , " spokesman Jay Carney said , referring to petitions on whitehouse.gov that get at least 25,000 signatures . "  In the meantime , it 's worth remembering that freedom of expression is a bedrock principle in our democracy . " Read more : Piers Morgan and guests react to various gun incidents ` World tyranny ' warning Jones thanked Morgan for having him on the show , and then said he and others started the petition to point out that "  we have all of these foreigners " and globalist forces , including "  megabanks that control the planet , " trying to take away American guns . "  When they get our guns , they can have their world tyranny , " he said . Morgan 's attempt to interject questions ran up against Jones ' heated chatter , leading up to a crescendo with Jones reciting a list of despotic world leaders who he said took away guns : Hitler , Stalin , Mao , Castro , Chavez . Live Blog : "  Guns in America , " a discussion As Jones continued , Morgan looked on , tight-lipped and silent . After 2Â 1/2 minutes , Jones rounded off his monologue with a friendly offer to take Morgan out shooting , so he could "  become an American " and "  join the Republic . " He also offered to climb into a boxing ring with Morgan . At the end of the interview , he imitated the Briton 's English accent , before declaring him a "  Redcoat " who should go back to where he came from . Watch : ` Deport Piers Morgan ' host 's rant , Part 2 Morgan asked : "  Are you finished ? " Jones said : "  Yes . " Then he began a tirade against makers of antidepressant drugs . Jones said he owns about 50 weapons . His radio show can be heard on 140 radio shows around the country , he said . Morgan : No better advertisement for gun control Morgan says Jones ' rant backfired , making Morgan 's point for him . "  I ca n't think of a better advertisement for gun control than Alex Jones ' interview last night , " he said Tuesday on CNN 's "  Newsroom . " "  It was startling , it was terrifying in parts . It was completely deluded . It was based on a premise of making Americans so fearful that they all rush out to buy even more guns . " "  I think silence was the best weapon against him because he just dug himself an ever bigger hole , " Morgan said , adding that Jones "  spouts dangerous nonsense . " Jones , on his website infowars.com , had an image of Morgan dressed as a "  Redcoat " next to Jones himself dressed as a "  patriot . " A summary of his plan for Tuesday 's radio show said he would discuss "  his effort to defend the Constitution and the Second Amendment from attack by the establishment media as the government prepares its latest gun-grabbing assault on law-abiding Americans . " The description adds that through the interview , "  we have put the globalists on notice . " On the program , he said that 95 % of people he has heard from "  think that I just told it like it was " and "  slammed them hard , " delivering an important message . "  I have been overworked , " Jones added , describing a busy schedule . "  But I did the best job I could and I 'm proud of the job I did overall . " Responding to Morgan 's depiction of how the interview went , Jones asked whether that was because he is "  a hillbilly that wo n't be your slave and knows history . " He described Morgan as being like "  a mannequin , a vampire . " ` Piers Morgan ca n't understand being American ' Though many found fault with Jones ' performance , some found common ground with his arguments . "  The tact with which Jones presented himself with was inexcusable . However ; looking past that  I know ... hard to do especially after that English accent he so offensively portrayed  ... I have to say that his statistics were much more compelling than Piers 's . I mean , ok , gun violence is higher here in America ... but it has a lower violent crime rate than those countries with banned fire-arms ? " PhilipCabibi wrote in the comments section of this article . "  I see where Jones was trying to go , but unfortunately , he presented his facts in such a manner that it will turn most off to them . Which is unfortunate ... because no matter how rude someone is , it does n't change facts and it does n't change history . " ` Meltdown ' or ` punching out ? ' Reactions on social media were blunt . New York University journalism professor Jay Rosen called the interview a "  meltdown " and called Jones "  revolting . " James Poniewozik , TV columnist for Time -- which , like CNN , is part of Time Warner -- wrote , sarcastically : "  Shocking : You reward a lunatic on TV for pulling a stunt , " and he fails to "  behave with civility . " Facebook user Steve Spark made similar comments in a CNN discussion . "  If you have a nutjob as a guest , you ca n't be surprised when they act like a nutjob , " he wrote , adding , "  Some might say it makes for good TV , but I think it 's just embarrassing . " The Huffington Post summarized the program this way : "  Piers Morgan 's pro-gun guest goes absolutely nuts at him . " Jones retweeted a supportive note from Gerald Celente , who has 36,000 followers . "  Bravo , " the tweet said , praising Jones for "  punching out CNN Presstitute Piers Morgan . " CNN iReporter Jason Asselin posted a video saying he believes that Morgan has no right to debate gun control in America , and that only U.S. citizens should do so . Follow ` Piers Morgan Tonight ' on Twitter Piers Morgan : Sandy Hook must be a tipping point for change Jones ' appearance on "  Piers Morgan Tonight " was followed by an interview with famed attorney and Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz . "  We lawyers refer to people like that not as witnesses , but as exhibits , " he said of Jones . "  He was an exhibit , like a piece of evidence . You see him speaking and you say to yourself , ' I do n't want that man to have a gun . ' " Dershowitz said Americans who want even-handed gun policy should not leave the arguments up to gun advocates such as the National Rifle Association and Jones without speaking up themselves . "  We have to fulfill what the real meaning of the Second Amendment is : reasonable access to guns for self-protection and for hunting . And there 's no room in America for these semiautomatic , automatic and other kinds of weapons that are simply designed to cause mass havoc , " Dershowitz said . In addition to the limitations on military-style rifles , Morgan wants gun show loopholes closed and demands that gun dealers be required to run background checks on purchasers at shows . He also advocates an increase in federal funding for mental health treatment to anyone who needs it . Morgan recently wrote a column in the Daily Mail saying that for every critic , he has had many Americans thank him for speaking up in favor of gun control . "  If you do n't change your gun laws to at least try to stop this relentless tidal wave of murderous carnage , then you do n't have to worry about deporting me . "  Although I love the country as a second home and one that has treated me incredibly well , I would , as a concerned parent first -- and latterly , of a one-year-old daughter who may attend an American elementary school like Sandy Hook in three years ' time -- seriously consider deporting myself , " he wrote . Post comments below , or join our discussion on Twitter . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	The White House emphasizes freedom of expression , "  a bedrock principle in our democracy " Morgan says the interview became an advertisement for gun control Jones declares himself a "  patriot " against "  Redcoat " Piers Morgan
CNN  Its a high stakes game of stick or twist with billions of dollars at stake . Traditionally at this time of year , a clutch of nervous owners in charge of struggling clubs in England 's top flight grapple with the prospect of relegation , and the enormous hole it threatens to blow in their finances . Do they stick by a floundering manager hoping he can regroup and lead his team out of the mire , or do they get rid and hope the appointment of new coach can transform its fortunes ? On Monday , Sunderland 's American owner Ellis Short elected to twist and fired the club 's Uruguayan manager Gus Poyet , confirmed by a statement on its official website . Less than a year ago Poyet masterminded a miraculous run of form that saw the north east outfit triumph at Chelsea and Manchester United in order to stave off the threat of demotion . Now that task is for someone else as Short and Sunderland try to protect the cool $ 106m it pocketed last season , with one eye on the new television deal in 2016 that 's worth over $ 7.8 billion to the Premier League 's 20 clubs . "  It 's inevitable Sunderland will have been thinking about money , " Simon Chadwick , professor of sport business strategy and marketing at Coventry University , told CNN . "  Particularly television money , because it now accounts for over 50 % of most , if not all , Premier League clubs ' turnover . "  It 'd be very easy to say they are thinking long term about money and long term about the next television contract but in reality , very often it is short term thinking . "  Whilst I 'm sure Sunderland are mindful of what 's going to happen in 2016 , they 'll be even more mindful of what 's going to happen in the summer of 2015 if they go down . " The tipping point came Saturday when fellow strugglers Aston Villa fired in four unanswered first-half goals against Sunderland , having scored four away goals in its previous 14 Premier League matches . Some fans streamed out of the Stadium of Light before halftime while one group tried to storm the home dugout to confront Poyet . It left Sunderland just one point away from the drop zone and was enough to convince billionaire Short to swing the axe , the financial implications no doubt rattling round his mind . Even though Cardiff City , which finished bottom of the Premier League last season , still banked $ 92.1 m for its efforts , the disparity between tiers one and two in England is vast . "  Most obviously , the TV revenues from the Premier League deal , " Chadwick answered when asked what Sunderland stands to lose if it does fall through the trapdoor . "  Also attendances tend to diminish rapidly so your two biggest sources of revenue are almost instantaneously undermined . "  I would n't want to put a figure on it but you 're talking tens of millions heading up towards potentially hundreds of millions . " Ironically , Aston Villa were marshaled to victory on Saturday by its new manager Tim Sherwood , installed in the wake of Paul Lambert 's sacking in February . Villa 's American owner Randy Lerner , who is in the process of trying to sell the club , decided to act after a miserable run of form that saw them score just 12 goals in its opening 25 EPL matches . After Saturday 's win , the Birmingham club is now three points clear of the relegation places and Short will be hoping for a similar bounce when he appoints a new man . According to Chadwick , research shows a change of manager at this late stage of the campaign can provide all-important impetus , but he argues there are few "  impact managers " available at present . And he suggests the approach of Short and Lerner proves American owners still do n't fully understand the dynamic of English football as well as they perhaps should . "  It 's easy to succumb to fan pressure and results but there 's a particular culture in football generally -- obviously inside clubs as well -- and I 'm not sure American owners are in tune with that , " he said . "  We 've seen it with Aston Villa -- this is probably a prime example of an owner that many people speak highly of even now but I do n't think they understand local communities or the somewhat parochial nature sometimes of English football still . "  So they are making decisions that are not entirely culturally consistent with their experiences and the experiences of English football clubs . " Chadwick also says the bumper television revenue afforded to clubs in modern football has created a tiered Premier League in which few teams outside the established giants can realistically expect to compete at the top end . "  In one sense , it 's always been like this , " he said . "  You go back to the 1980s when Liverpool were dominant -- some teams knew they were n't going to be champions . "  I think the television revenues have cemented that position of the dominant teams . "  Whilst the Premier League would argue it 's a progressive system in the sense that the collective deal does allocate finances to clubs that perhaps those in Spain do n't have , even so , such is the magnitude of the payments made to the achieving clubs its almost inevitable you will get the likes of Manchester United , Arsenal and the rest dominating . "  For the likes of the north east clubs Sunderland , Newcastle and Middlesbrough it is great if they can get there , even better if they can stay there . "	English Premier League club Sunderland sack Uruguayan manager Gus Poyet Heavy home defeat to Aston Villa on Saturday final straw for U.S. owner Ellis Short Relegation from English top flight could cost clubs hundreds of millions of dollars New EPL television deal due to begin in 2016 worth a seismic $ 7.8 billion
CNN  -- A runaway teen who said her father threatened to kill her for converting from Islam to Christianity has been returned from Florida to Ohio , but not yet to her family , her mother 's lawyer said Tuesday . Rifqa Bary , 17 , is in the custody of Franklin County Children Services while other issues in the case are settled , attorney Roger Weeden said . "  We 're very happy that Rifqa is back where she should be , close to her parents , " Weeden said . "  The allegations of abuse and neglect were unfounded . Now some unification can begin . " A Florida judge ruled earlier this month in favor of her parents , Mohamed and Aysha Bary , who had requested that their daughter be transferred to Ohio . The teen 's attorney , John Stemberger , who leads a Christian advocacy organization , opposed the move . The teen left her family in Columbus , Ohio , in July and took refuge in the home of a minister in Orlando , Florida . She was later moved into foster care after she said in an affidavit that her Muslim father had threatened her after finding out about her conversion . Her father has denied the allegation . Judge Daniel Dawson , in his October 13 decision , said it was in Bary 's best interest for her emergency custody case to continue in Ohio . The transfer was delayed until the teen 's immigration status was determined . Attorneys for the parents , who are from Sri Lanka , sent her immigration documents to the court within two weeks . Her return to Ohio comes after months of legal wrangling , including the affidavit from the teenager claiming that her father was pressured by the family 's mosque in Ohio to "  deal with the situation , " referring to her conversion . In an earlier court filing , Rifqa Bary alleged that her father said , "  If you have this Jesus in your heart , you are dead to me . " The teenager claims her father added , "  I will kill you . " Mohamed Bary , 47 , has denied the accusations . "  We would n't do her harm , " he said , saying he knew his daughter was involved with Christian organizations . "  I have no problem with her practicing any faith , " Bary said , but acknowledged that he prefers that she practice Islam . A report by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement says , "  Our investigation has provided no clear evidence of criminal activity . " During a Florida court hearing , the teen periodically read a Bible , as did many of her supporters who filled the courtroom . The supporters said they were disappointed by the ruling , but believe Jesus is with Bary no matter where she goes . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Rifqa Bary has returned to Ohio , but she is not back with her family , lawyer says Teen ran to Florida , said father threatened her for converting from Islam to Christianity Mohamed Bary denies threatening daughter , says he knew about Christian groups
This year has been the deadliest for journalists in the field since monitoring began 17 years ago , according to an annual report released Wednesday by Reporters Without Borders . Eighty-eight journalists lost their lives while reporting in the middle of wars and bombings , or were killed on orders by corrupt governments , organized crime tied to drug trafficking and by Islamist militias , the report said . This is a 33 % rise in journalist deaths since just last year . "  The reason for the unprecedented number of journalists killed in 2012 is mainly the war in Syria , the chaos in Somalia and Taliban violence in Pakistan , " said Christophe Deloire , secretary-general of the nonprofit group . "  The impunity enjoyed by those responsible for violations of human rights , in particular , the right to freedom of information , encourages the continuation of these violations . " Read the report In places like Syria , where fighters loyal to President Bashar al-Assad have battled opposition forces for the past 21 months , professional journalists have faced difficulty and persecution while attempting to report . Amateur reporters , using mobile phone cameras and Twitter feeds , have stepped in to tell the story of life in the conflict zones . According to the report , 47 so-called citizen journalists were killed in 2012 , compared with five in 2011 . In Syria alone , at least 17 journalists , 44 citizen journalists and four media assistants lost their lives , the report said . "  Because of the polarization of information sources , news manipulation , propaganda , technical constraints and the extreme violence to which journalists and citizen journalists are exposed , anyone trying to gather or disseminate news and information in Syria needs a real sense of vocation , " the Reporters Without Borders report said . "  Without their action , the Syrian regime would be able to impose a total blockade on information in some regions and carry out its massacre with nobody watching . " After Syria , the report said , Somalia was the next most dangerous place for journalists , with 18 killed in 2012 , followed by Pakistan , the world 's deadliest country for the media from 2009 to 2011 , with 10 deaths of media personnel . Organized crime , drug trafficking and government corruption led to the deaths of six journalists in Mexico and five in Brazil , according to Reporters Without Borders , the next two most perilous countries in the world for those trying to report the news . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Annual report says 88 were killed while reporting This is a 33 % rise in journalist deaths since just last year Group : Syria , Somalia , Pakistan , Mexico and Brazil are deadliest countries for journalists The group began its annual roundup of journalist slayings 17 years ago
Port Sudan , Sudan  CNN  -- A humanitarian land convoy heading to Gaza from South Africa reached Port Sudan , Sudan on the Red Sea Wednesday and is destined to become the first relief mission to Gaza from Africa . "  I was inspired last year by the convoys that went to Gaza from Europe , so we asked ourselves ; why not from Africa ? " said Sheikh Walid al-Saadi of the South African Relief Agency  SARA  . After eight months of preparation , the land convoy which consists of ten trucks , explained al-Saadi , departed Durban , South Africa on June 26 and has passed through seven countries thus far including Botswana , Zimbabwe , Zambia , Tanzania , Kenya , Ethiopia and Sudan . It is to unload its shipment of humanitarian aid in Port Sudan on ships that will head to Suez , Egypt where members of the convoy will receive their trucks after flying to Egypt from Sudan . The convoy has received the support of several South African leaders including Bishop Desmond Tutu who said in a YouTube video message : "  I want to congratulate SARA and wish them well . You are helping to do God 's work ; God bless you . " Gaza has been under a land , sea and air blockade by Israel since 2007 . Israeli authorities say the blockade is to limit rocket attacks fired from Gaza and to prevent Hamas authorities who govern the Gaza from obtaining weapons and funds . Egyptian authorities had maintained a blockade on Gaza from 2007 to 2011 . Last May , United Nations Under-Secretary General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator Valerie Amos said that the blockade of Gaza has resulted in a stifling of economic activity and a serious decline in education , health care and water and sanitation services . The Africa to Gaza Aid Convoy 's mission follows recent attempts by European and American ships to reach Gaza as part of a coalition known as Freedom Flotilla II but were blocked from doing so . They include the American ship The Audacity of Hope flotilla that was prevented by Greek authorities from sailing to Gaza from Athens and the French ship Dignite-Al-Karma that was intercepted by an Israeli naval ship . Last year , Israeli commandos prevented the Gaza Freedom Flotilla from reaching Gaza from Turkey and bordered the ship Mavi Marmara . The raid on the ship led to the death of nine Turkish activists . "  We are a peaceful convoy on an aid mission , " affirms al-Saadi . "  We ca n't predict what is going to happen , we know there 's pressure on the Egyptian government , but you never know . " According to al-Saadi , the Egyptian government has not allowed the convoy to drive on Egyptian land and has requested they go straight via sea from Port Sudan to Al-Arish near the Egyptian-Gaza border . " -LSB- But -RSB- the ships from Port Sudan can only go to Suez , so we are trying to solve this problem , " he says . The trip from South Africa to Sudan has had its challenges , al-Saadi explains . "  We were delayed at some borders for no clear reasons and some of the roads were very bad , " he says . "  We got to a place between Zambia and Tanzania that was full of pot holes ; I think if one of the trucks had fallen into one you would 've needed a crane to take it out . " The convoy 's shipment , al-Saadi continues , is carrying aid to the people of Gaza including "  one hundred and twenty two generators , diapers for the elderly and children , cloths , stationery , and we intend to buy medicine in Egypt . " Palesa Rasekoala , 46 , an architect and member of the convoy says "  after the last Gaza War , the images I saw , of legs being amputated without anesthesia , for me , that was it , I do n't ' know the details , but I know a wrong is being done . " Rasekoala , a granddaughter of South African ANC activists , continued : "  As a South African and after what we went through and coming out of that and having the support of the world , and as a Christian , I had to take a stand . "	Land convoy from South Africa is bound for Gaza The convoy has crossed seven countries so far Prospects for driving across Egypt are uncertain , organizers say
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Viewer discretion advised . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- In his appearances on VBS.TV , correspondent Ben Anderson has taken us to some dangerous and far-flung places -- conflict-ridden sites imbued with human suffering and the scars of injustice . Whether he 's touring former slave forts in Senegal with legendary boxer David Haye , dodging insurgent bullets in Afghanistan or exposing the network of oppressed immigrants that helped build Dubai , Ben 's willingness to venture into the unexplored pockets of the globe always make for fascinating reporting . It was a quite a change for us , then , when Ben took the subway to Brooklyn and pulled up a comfy chair with Time Executive Editor and Time.com Managing Editor Jim Frederick , himself an intrepid reporter and the author of "  Black Hearts : One Platoon 's Descent Into Madness in Iraq 's Triangle of Death . " Called "  harrowing , " "  a testament to a misconceived war , " and as Ben so aptly puts it in quoting the New York Times , "  a mix between ` In Cold Blood , ' ` Black Hawk Down , ' with a bit of ` Apocalypse Now ' , " the book attempts to explain how the United States ' overthrow of Saddam Hussein , an event which the U.S. government promised would bring so much hope for the future of Iraq , eventually led to the unprovoked murder of four of the nation 's innocent citizens at the hands of three U.S. soldiers . See the rest of VBS Meets Jim Frederick at VBS.TV Black Hearts tells the story of a unit of the Army 's 101st Airborne division deployed to Iraq 's "  triangle of death " in 2005 . Hastily assembled , the soldiers found themselves in a civil war zone infested with IEDs . Their outposts were at a physical and psychological remove from the Green Zone , where U. S. troops enjoyed homey comforts such as video games and well-stocked mess halls . With their resources already stretched to capacity and near-daily attacks from Sunni insurgents thinning their ranks at an alarming rate , the soldiers dealt with their stress in a variety of ways . Some took to not sleeping ; others drank and did drugs . Many developed a hatred of Iraqi civilians -- and on March 12 , 2006 , three 101st Airborne soldiers snuck into an Iraqi home , raped a 14-year-old girl , incinerated her body , and murdered her mother , father and 6-year old sister .	Jim Frederick tells story of U.S. Army 's 101st Airborne Division in Iraq Group of soldiers deployed to infamous "  triangle of death " in 2005 Disciplinary , psychological deterioration led to "  most heinous " war crime
CNN  -- The number of people killed by a typhoon that slammed into Taiwan and China earlier this month continues to rise , Taiwan announced Thursday . Tsai Sung Yu holds photos of his mother , brother , sister-in-law and niece who were all killed in the mudslides . At least 543 people are now known to have died when Typhoon Morakot hit Taiwan , the country 's Central Emergency Operation Center said Thursday . At least 117 people are still missing , and at least 46 people were injured . Emergency services also reported that 60 human limbs had been found , separately from the number of dead and wounded . Kaohsiung county was the worst hit , with 472 dead , 72 missing and 13 hurt , one seriously , the emergency center said . Morakot dropped 102 inches of rain on Taiwan August 8 before it roared on to mainland China the next day . More than 1.4 million people in China were forced to relocate because of the storm and more than 6,000 homes were destroyed . At least six people were killed there , China 's Ministry of Civil Affairs said after the storm passed . Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou apologized last week for the slow response to the typhoon . He said he plans sweeping changes to the country 's rescue agencies and may punish some government officials . "  We will try our best to do a better job in the rescue work that has been criticized for being too slow , " said Ma . "  There are things that we have to correct and we also will be responsible for whatever mistakes or neglect that government officials have made . " Rescuers have struggled to locate many who were missing in remote mountainous areas of southern Taiwan . Ma also apologized a week earlier for failings of the rescue effort as he traveled around the typhoon-battered island . He said heavy rain grounded rescue helicopters in the first few days after the storm hit , delaying relief efforts . Ma said the storm destroyed buildings , homes , roads and farms , causing about NT$ 100 billion  U.S. $ 3 billion  in damage . CNN 's Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	At least 543 people are now known to have died when Typhoon Morakot hit Taiwan At least 117 people are still missing , and at least 46 people were injured Emergency services have also found 60 human limbs Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou apologizes for the slow response to the typhoon
CNN  -- Despite acknowledgment from the White House a day earlier that a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians is unlikely before a new U.S. president takes office , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Friday she is confident that ongoing efforts would produce success . Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , right , and U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice speak Thursday . "  Carried to its state of conclusion , it will produce a state of Palestine , " Rice , referring to negotiations in the wake of last year 's U.S. summit on Israel-Palestinian peace in Annapolis , Maryland , said at a joint news conference with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah , West Bank . Rice is on her eighth trip to the region since the Annapolis summit . On Thursday , White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said the Bush administration does not "  think that it 's likely that it  a peace agreement  would happen before the end of the year . " Rice said Friday that she realizes the lack of a peace agreement in the months following the Annapolis summit had caused some concerns that talks had stalled or might fail , but "  it 's quite the opposite -- the Annapolis process has laid the foundation for the eventual establishment for the state of Palestine . " The purpose of her current trip , Rice said , was "  to advance the Annapolis process , " and while she did not speculate on a timetable for the future of the process or offer specifics on peace talks , she added , "  I 've seen them move forward a great deal in the past year . " Both Israeli and Palestinian officials have expressed doubts about achieving a peace agreement before President Bush leaves office , but until this week U.S. officials had been more optimistic in their public comments . Speaking in Israel on Thursday , Rice blamed part of the inability to secure a deal on recent political changes in Israel , which she noted is "  in the midst of elections . " With Abbas on Friday , she emphasized that the commitment expressed by Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert when they signed an agreement to work toward a peace deal by the end of 2008 is still strong . "  I hope that the tremendous commitment  by both sides  is fully understood , " Rice said . While Rice did not discuss any impact a new administration in Washington might have on the process , she said , "  The United States really does understand why the Palestinian people want unity . " Israel in recent months has seen political upheaval . Olmert resigned in September amid allegations of corruption . Kadima Party leader and Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni gave up efforts to form a new coalition government late last month and is seeking to hold early general elections , which could be held in February , Livni 's spokesman has said . Olmert will continue to lead as Israel 's interim prime minister until a successor assumes power either by forming a coalition in the current Knesset or through general elections . However , it is unclear whether he will be able to strike a deal with the Palestinians before Israel forms its new government . Last month , Rice postponed a trip to a Middle East conference because of the global crisis in financial markets .	Ongoing process will result in Palestinian state , Condoleezza Rice says Secretary of State Rice meeting with Middle East leaders Recent political changes in Israel cited as one reason peace deal elusive Israeli leader has resigned but will stay in office until successor assumes power
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong 's highest court on Monday rejected the final appeal of two Filipino workers to gain permanent residency in Hong Kong , dealing a blow to thousands of foreign domestic helpers seeking to make the Chinese territory their permanent home . The Court of Final Appeal also rejected a request from the Hong Kong government to seek Beijing 's clarification on a previous interpretation of the city 's constitution regarding residency rights , in a case that had implications for the independence of Hong Kong 's judiciary . Chief Justice Geoffrey Ma called any ruling on the request "  unnecessary " given the court 's decision on the application . Tens of thousands of domestic helpers -- mostly from the Philippines and Indonesia - often spend years , and sometimes decades , working and living in the homes of Chinese and foreigners living in Hong Kong . While other foreign workers can apply for permanent residency after spending seven consecutive years in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region , domestic helpers are excluded from the law . Justice Ma wrote in his ruling that foreign domestic helpers are "  told from the outset that admission is not for the purposes of settlement . " The ruling was greeted with disappointment by campaigners . "  It 's very unfortunate and it 's sad but in a way it will make us stronger as it highlights the social exclusion that foreign domestic workers face in Hong Kong , " said Cynthia Tellez , General Manager of the United Filipinos in Hong Kong . "  This really just reinforces this situation ... that in terms of advocacy  for foreign domestic helpers  we need to do a lot more work . " Lawyers for Filipino maid , Evangeline Vallejos , had argued that immigration rules excluding foreign domestic helpers were unconstitutional and that helpers were entitled to the same treatment as professional expatriates . One of the lawyers , Mark Daly , said that they were "  very disappointed " with the ruling but will continue to fight for the rights of foreign domestic helpers in Hong Kong . "  We respect it  the judgment  but we think our arguments were stronger in the law and in principle , " he said . "  We will keep fighting both inside and outside the court for human rights . " In 2011 , The Court of First Instance came down in favor of Vallejos , ruling that the provision excluding domestic helpers should be struck down . But last year , the Court of Appeal 's slammed the door shut again , stating that the Hong Kong legislature "  has a free hand in defining , refining , elaborating and adapting " the Basic Law 's expression of "  ordinarily resident , " within certain limits . More than 117,000 maids would have been eligible for permanent residency if the appeal had been upheld . A total of about 292,000 foreign domestic workers live in the territory . Domestic helpers are a financial lifeline to their home countries -- remittances from Hong Kong to the Philippines exceeded $ 420 million in 2012 , according to figures from the Philippines ' central bank , Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas . Studies show domestic helpers contribute billions to the Hong Kong economy in terms of childcare and care for the elderly . The decision by the Court of Final Appeals not to refer the case to Beijing for its ruling was welcomed by Hong Kong 's legal community , many of whom had expressed concern that the request to send the issue to China for its decision undermined the court 's independence . "  On this issue of referral the court has applied exactly the standards it has applied in the past and it reiterates the independence of Hong Kong 's judiciary , " Michael Davis , a lawyer from Hong Kong University said . The Hong Kong government 's request for the court to seek Beijing 's interpretation highlighted the sometimes difficult relationship between Hong Kong and China . Any ruling could have affected the status of children born in the city to mainland Chinese mothers whose husbands are non-Hong Kong residents . Under Hong Kong 's constitution these children are granted the right of abode , and in recent years many Chinese mothers had been coming to Hong Kong to give birth . In January , the Hong Kong government issued a policy that bans Chinese mainland women with non-local husbands from booking public hospitals in Hong Kong to give birth .	Hong Kong 's highest court rejects final appeal of Filipino workers to gain residency Case had implications for the future independence of the Hong Kong judiciary Chief Justice : domestic helpers "  told from the outset that admission is not for the purposes of settlement " Lawyers argued immigration rules excluding foreign domestic helpers were unconstitutional
CNN  -- Members of the international community have reacted to the re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president of Iran and the oppostion protests which have accompanied the result . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pictured at a rally held in Tehran Sunday to celebrate his re-election as Iranian president . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a statement Saturday : "  We are monitoring the situation as it unfolds in Iran but we , like the rest of the world , are waiting and watching to see what the Iranian people decide . "  The United States has refrained from commenting on the election in Iran . We obviously hope that the outcome reflects the genuine will and desire of the Iranian people . " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Saturday the administration was "  impressed by the vigorous debate and enthusiasm that this election generated , particularly among young Iranians . " U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , commenting on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " Sunday , said : "  I have doubts , but withhold comment . " He added that the Iranian government had suppressed crowds and limited free speech , which raised questions . He also said that the strong showing by Ahmadinejad was "  unlikely , " based on pre-election analysis . Gallery : Emotions run high after election " Israel 's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs Avigdor Liberman said in a statement that "  the problem which Iran poses for the international community is not personal in nature , but derives from its policy . "  In any case , in light of Tehran 's ongoing policy , and even more so after Ahmadinejad 's re-election , the international community must continue to act uncompromisingly to prevent the nuclearization of Iran , and to halt its activity in support of terror organizations and undermining stability in the Middle East . In a statement Saturday the EU Presidency said it was "  concerned about alleged irregularities during the election process and post-electional violence that broke out immediately after the release of the official election results on 13 June 2009 . "  The Presidency hopes that outcome of the Presidential elections will bring the opportunity to resume the dialogue on nuclear issue and clear up Iranian position in this regard . The Presidency expects the new Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran will take its responsibility towards international community and respect its international obligations . " UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Saturday that the UK government had "  followed carefully , and admired , the passion and debate during the Iranian election campaign . "  We have also heard the concerns about the counting of ballots expressed by two of the candidates . This is a matter for the Iranian authorities to address . We will continue to follow developments . Our priority is that Iran engages with the concerns of the world community , above all on the issue of nuclear proliferation . " Fawzi Barhoum , spokesman for Hamas , the militant Palestinian movement backed by Iran , welcomed the results . He urged the world to respect Iranian democracy and accept the results of the elections . The office of Afghan President Hamid Karzai said in a statement Sunday that he had congratulated Ahmadinejad on his victory . It added that Karzai believed "  relations between the two Muslim nations of Afghanistan and Iran expanded during Mr. Ahmadinejad 's first term and hoped that these relations get stronger during his second term . " German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier told ARD Sunday that the Iranian ambassador in Berlin would be summoned to explain the treatment of protesters against the result . "  I have already prompted Iran , together with European colleagues today , to quickly shed light on what has happened there -- if one can take the announced election results there seriously or not , " he added . Turkish President Abdullah Gul and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan have offered their congratulations to Ahmadinejad , the official Anatolian Agency reported Monday . It said that they "  called Ahmadinejad on the phone and congratulated him for his success in the election . " Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon told reporters in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada , Saturday , that Canada was "  deeply concerned " about allegations of voting irregularities . "  We 're troubled by reports of intimidation of opposition candidates ' offices by security forces . We 've asked our embassy officials in Tehran to closely monitor the situation , and Canada is calling on Iranian authorities to conduct fair and transparent counting of all ballots . " CNN 's Shira Medding in Jerusalem and Greg Clary in Washington contributed to this report .	U.S. Vice President Joe Biden : Questions need to be asked about vote UK : We admire passion of the election , Iran needs to address fears about fairness EU Presidency : Hopes outcome sees opportunity for dialogue on nuclear issue Turkish media : President , prime minister have offered congratulations
CNN  -- Suspended New York Yankee Alex Rodriguez has dropped a medical malpractice lawsuit against the Yankees ' team doctor and New York Presbyterian Hospital , according to court paperwork filed Thursday . Rodriguez had alleged that the Yankees ' Dr. Christopher S. Ahmad had misdiagnosed Rodriguez 's hip injury , clearing him for play when a second doctor recommended surgery . CNN National Correspondent Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	The lawsuit was filed against the Yankee 's team doctor and a New York hospital It focused on the alleged misdiagnoses of A-Rod 's hip injury
A few months after Apple gave away a U2 album , angering some of the grumpiest folks on iTunes , the company is teaming up with frontman Bono again -- this time for charity . To mark World AIDS Day on December 1 , a special section of the company 's App Store is offering special content for 25 apps , for which all proceeds will go to the Global Fund to fight AIDS . Apps for  Red  is a partnership with Bono 's Project  RED  , which works with major brands to help combat the deadly disease worldwide . "  Apple is n't just in the fight to end AIDS . They are setting a new bar for business , giving $ 75 million and counting to the Global Fund as part of their partnership with  RED  , " Bono said in a statement . "  I could n't be prouder to work with them . " The campaign starts Monday and runs through December 7 . In that span , the App Store project will feature apps including Mighty Feathers  an Angry Birds spinoff  , a special edition of Clash of Clans , a FIFA '15  RED  tournament and a special Sims FreePlay event . Apple will also release 300 new sounds for GarageBand and make available recipes from the likes of Mario Batali , Martha Stewart and Luke Holden in Kitchen Stories Cookbook . Apple CEO Tim Cook called this year 's annual  RED  campaign "  our biggest fundraising push yet . " In September , Apple gave away a free copy of U2 's new album , "  Songs of Innocence , " to all 500 million iTunes customers in conjunction with the release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus . On social media , some users complained that putting the album in everyone 's library was intrusive , particularly on the heels of an Apple iCloud breach . Bono later apologized .	Apple teams with U2 's Bono to raise funds to fight AIDS Content for 25 apps is available in special App Store section , Apps for  RED In September , Apple gave a free U2 album to all iTunes users
CNN  -- Last week , Tom Perkins , who 's becoming America 's most controversial venture capitalist , suggested the very rich should get more votes than everyone else . In his ideal system , he said , "  it should be like a corporation . You pay a million dollars in taxes , you get a million votes . How 's that ? " Well , un-American , for starters . But more on that in a minute . Perkins quickly indicated he was n't being entirely serious , just as he 'd backtracked after saying on another occasion that criticism of the 1 % was akin to Nazi persecution of Jews . Apparently his pronouncements are n't to be taken literally ; they 're pleas for understanding from a brave member of a victimized minority group . Right . Yet Perkins has given us the gift of a great thought experiment . What if we took him literally and granted more votes to those who earn more ? One dollar , one vote . It would seem antithetical to every notion of equal citizenship and fair play , and at odds with our constitutional ideal of one man , one vote . But in fact , the result would not look terribly different from today 's political reality . As things stand , without even needing to implement what Perkins calls "  The Tom Perkins System , " the wealthiest Americans already have grossly disproportionate voice in elections , campaign finance , lobbying and policy making . In the first place , let 's consider the fact that we 're paying attention to this civic crackpot even though he has no command of American social or political history , no appreciation for the multigenerational legacy of public investment that made his success possible , and no apparent empathy for anyone outside his rarefied circle . Why does he have a megaphone ? Why do we listen ? Because he 's spectacularly rich . Someone else with such paltry qualifications as a citizen but without such massive net worth would be easy to ignore . In fact , you probably ignored someone just like that at a recent holiday dinner or office party . Perkins ' offhand remarks already carry more weight in national discourse than , say , the many thousands of people who for months have been rallying for voting rights and social justice in the Moral Mondays rallies in North Carolina . They 've struggled for coverage and attention . Perkins gets his free . Is that really democratic ? Voting is perhaps the most visible indicator of our upside-down democracy . In the 2008 presidential election , turnout among voters making $ 150,000 or more  which is n't even the marker for the 1 % ; more like the 3 %  was 78 % . Turnout among voters making less than $ 15,000 was 41 % . So , the rich cast ballots at twice the rate the poor do . Once we move beyond the actual casting of ballots , though , to the messier aspects of democracy and self-government , the gap widens dramatically . The poor do not donate , lobby or legislate . In fact , most in the shrinking middle class do not either . Consider political contributions . As researchers at the Sunlight Foundation showed in a recent report , in the 2012 election cycle , 31,000 individuals -- the "  1 % of the 1 % " -- accounted for 28 % of all campaign giving in the United States . What about their lobbyists ? Here , too , the concentration of wealth in America , already reaching radical levels , is radically compounded . Only 894 lobbyists accounted for $ 34 million in donations in 2012 , and they spread their gifts strategically to gain access to candidates and to influence policy making . This is why the rules of the game in today 's system already massively compound the advantages that the wealthy have in life . It 's why our tax system bends to favor capital and punish work . Dividends and "  carried interest " are taxed at lower rates than earned income not because these preferences are shown to benefit society at large but because the hedge fund managers and venture capitalists who do benefit from them have excellent representation in Congress . In short , the outrage is not what a Tom Perkins says out loud ; the outrage is that we already have something like the system he fancifully , condescendingly proposes . Policy wonks and heroic citizen activists have all proposed reforms . We do n't lack possible remedies . What we 've lacked is the will to force our government to enact them . And this is why the outrageous self-justifications of an imperious hyper-elite are , perversely , very helpful now . The game is rigged . Having the likes of Tom Perkins rub our faces in it may be insult enough to awaken us . He suggests giving big money even more political power . Imagine a movement going the other way . Imagine a concerted citizen effort to double voter registration and turnout among poor and working Americans . Imagine cross-partisan collaborations between right and left to curb crony capitalism . Let 's not kid ourselves : It would n't be easy to unrig the game and revive the principle of equal citizenship . But let 's not kid ourselves about this fact either : The rich already have more votes than the rest of us . The only question is whether we will continue to tolerate it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Liu .	Eric Liu : Tom Perkins ' joking suggestion about giving rich more votes is not far from truth He says wealthy command more media attention , give far more campaign contributions Rich are more likely to turn out to vote and to be represented by lobbyists , Liu says Liu : Perkins ' "  joke " may help prompt outrage and change in the system
CNN  -- The first film adaptation of Veronica Roth 's "  Divergent " novels was one of the most popular new Hollywood franchises of 2014 , grossing more than $ 150 million at the domestic box office . Now , fans can close out the year with a look at the much-anticipated sequel , "  Insurgent , " which is due out March 2015 . Shailene Woodley reprises the role of Tris , a teen living in a dystopian future where people are divided into categories based on character attributes . Tris and her fellow "  divergents , " who do n't fit into any of the categories , continue their struggle to survive as Jeanine Matthews  played by Kate Winslet  hunts them down . A trailer released this week shows a greater emphasis on action scenes this go-around . Fans of the trilogy might also notice that Tris has a pixie cut in this installment , even though the character 's hair is not that short in the book . Woodley says director Robert Schwentke granted her request to keep her naturally short hair -- which she cut for her role in another young adult novel adaptation , "  The Fault in Our Stars " -- instead of wearing a wig . "  I think wigs always look wiggy , especially in an action movie , " Woodley told Buzzfeed . What do you think of the new trailer ? Will you go back for part two ?	"  Insurgent " trailer gives first look at sequel to 2014 hit film "  Divergent " Shailene Woodley sports much shorter hair as she returns to lead role of Tris "  Insurgent " promises more action this time
CNN  -- Renee Mosier was one of an estimated half-million patients in the United States who were unable to get the drugs they needed because of shortages . "  You feel like you 're in a fight with one hand tied behind your back , " said Mosier , 56 . It was a fight she lost in June . According to the Food and Drug Administration , the number of drug shortages has increased nearly 300 % since 2005 . More than half of the drugs on the shortage list are considered critical -- meaning they have no alternative . The drugs most often in short supply include anesthetics and oncological drugs . Mosier was diagnosed in 2006 with ovarian cancer , the fifth-deadliest cancer for women , according to the American Cancer Society . Surgery and treatment were able to keep her tumors at bay until 2009 , when she returned to surgery . She was back in remission until June 2011 , when her cancer appeared once again . Mosier was able to get her required surgery , but her doctor , Dr. Wendel Naumann , was unable to get Doxil , the chemotherapy treatment she needed . ' A huge , growing crisis in this country ' "  This is a huge , growing crisis in this country , where we 're actually having to ration drugs , " said Naumann , who calls it "  unbelievable . " In November 2011 , Mosier appeared on CNN 's "  Sanjay Gupta , MD " to share her ordeal . She told Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , that without Doxil , she had few alternatives . "  At the time we just said , ` Let 's go with what we have , and see what happens , ' and the cancer pretty rapidly recurred . " Mosier was never able to get another dose of Doxil and spent the last month of her life in hospice care . She was able to make one last trip -- to the Bahamas to attend her daughter 's wedding . In a follow-up interview with Mosier 's daughters on this past weekend 's "  Sanjay Gupta , MD , " daughter Michelle Philipp told Gupta , "  We were n't sure until even  the  last minute if she was able to come . So we bought her the ticket , hoping it would give her something for her to look forward to , and she did , and it was just wonderful . " On June 29 , 2012 , Mosier died . Philipp 's sister , Nicole Penninger , did n't hide her frustration with the situation . "  You feel like you 're in this time now , it 's 2012 . You feel like , you 're in America . Why ca n't she get these drugs , that she needs to treat something so serious ? " Critical dependence on a few companies How did it get to this point ? According to Naumann , "  We only have a couple of companies , and the problem is that if one of these companies goes down because of FDA inspections , manufacturing problems or something like that , we do n't have those drugs if only one company is making them . " The House Oversight Committee came to the same conclusion . In a recent report , the panel claimed the FDA -- the very agency tasked with dealing with shortages -- is partly to blame for the shortage situation . The report paints a scathing picture of a regulatory agency that gave little consideration to the potential outcome of its actions . "  The committee has learned that FDA regulatory activity has effectively shut down 30 % of the total manufacturing capacity at four of America 's largest producers of generic injectable medications , " it said . "  The FDA has failed to ensure that enforcement and compliance activities are conducted in a manner that does not create unnecessary shortages of critical drugs , " according to the House report . That report is disputed by the FDA . "  Let me just say , very clearly , that the report is incorrect , " Dr. Sandra Kweder of the FDA said on "  Sanjay Gupta , MD. " "  We are not in this situation because the FDA is shutting down companies . FDA is part of the solution . " Kweder is the deputy director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , Office of New Drugs . She said FDA inspection processes and enforcement rules have not changed . "  What has changed is that there is an aging manufacturing infrastructure , and there are serious quality problems that have required companies to close down to fix the problems . " On Monday , the FDA issued a letter to Rep. Elijah Cummings  D-Maryland  of the House Oversight Committee , responding to the committee 's blaming the FDA for the shortages . The letter reiterated the report was false and emphasized the FDA is part of the solution . What happened with Doxil While Doxil is not a generic drug , it was manufactured by Ben Venue Laboratories , one of the country 's four largest producers of generic injectables . The Ben Venue lab was the sole manufacturer of Doxil in the nation . It voluntarily shut down in November 2011 . A May 2011 FDA inspection found a string of problems , including inadequate oversight and metallic particle shards in some of the drugs produced on site . A November 2011 FDA inspection found additional problems , including finding a 10-gallon can in a storage area that contained urine . In a statement sent to CNN after it shut down , Ben Venue labs said its team "  has been working around the clock to implement changes needed to ensure a more sustained supply of the medicines we produce and to address the manufacturing-related issues at our facility noted in recent inspections by the FDA and other global regulatory agencies . " However , Ben Venue maintained that none of the Doxil supply was affected . From their findings , the House Oversight Committee found that 58 % of the drugs on the shortage list were produced at facilities cited by the FDA . They also found that the FDA 's warning letters increased 156 % from 2010 to 2011 . Dr. Scott Gottlieb , former FDA deputy commissioner , said the FDA is n't concerned about the outcome , though . "  They go in , they inspect facilities and then they issue findings . You 're not asked to worry if there 's a stable supply . You 're asked to make sure the facility falls in line . " But Kweder says it 's quite the opposite . "  Well , it 's our job to worry about it in our drug shortages team . When we issue warning letters today , we ask companies to very specifically communicate with us how they plan to address the problem , so we can assess what the potential of a shortage is , " she told CNN . Kweder also cited the recent reauthorization of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act as a key to preventing shortages . Signed by President Barack Obama earlier this month , the act will help the FDA expedite the drug review process , particularly for drugs in shortage . It will also require companies to notify the FDA if they anticipate an interruption in production . "  It allows us as a regulatory agency to step in , and try and prevent the shortage in the first place , " Kweder said . "  So for example , we can go to other companies to ask them to increase their production . We can assist companies that are having difficulties to finding alternatives for the difficulties they are having , and even in rare cases , we can seek sources of medications from other countries , where they might be being produced to our standards . " Help comes from abroad That 's actually what happened in the case of Doxil . In February , the FDA stepped in and allowed the importation of Lipodox from an Indian manufacturer , a possible therapeutic alternative . But Naumann said he was never able to get his hands on it . "  The key is having enough notice , " says Kweder . Since Obama signed an executive order requesting early notification from manufacturers in November 2011 , more and more companies have been able to give the FDA the needed heads-up . "  We 've done that successfully innumerable times . Just since January , at our count , we 've prevented 94 to 100 shortages , things the public never sees , " Kweder told Gupta . "  I think it 's a start , " says Naumann , but it 's not enough . "  I think these shortages are going to continue because of the same problems that we have . There are certainly fixes out there for it . I do n't think these shortages are going to go away because of this bill . " For Mosier 's daughters , it 's all too late . Had Mosier gotten the Doxil , Philipp says , "  I think she thought it would have at least put her in remission in another time , or it would save her from the chemo that was detrimental to her . "	Renee Mosier , who had cancer , died after not receiving the drug she needed The number of drug shortages is up 300 % since 2005 , according to the FDA The House Oversight Committee blames the FDA for shortages
CNN  -- It did n't take a rocket scientist to predict that NASA 's plan to pay Russia to launch American astronauts into orbit was n't going to turn out well . Three years after NASA retired the space shuttle program , relations between the United States and Russia are worse than at any point since the end of the Cold War . Americans have reportedly been paying Russia $ 70 million a seat to send our astronauts to the International Space Station . That 's three and a half times what the Russians charge private space tourists for the same ride on their 1960s-era spacecraft . Now Russian President Vladimir Putin is reconstituting the Russian empire , and senior Russian officials have reacted to our economic sanctions by suggesting that Americans "  bring their astronauts to the International Space Station using a trampoline . " NASA and our elected officials are to blame for this embarrassment . NASA has tried to replace the shuttle on its own before resorting to the commercial industry -- programs that were canceled after ludicrous cost overruns and technical setbacks . And worse , politicians and bureaucratic backscratchers repeatedly undermined the nascent commercial space industry , where new American companies are working to do less expensively what NASA was failing to do itself : develop a spacecraft capable of carrying humans into orbit . Instead of accelerating the creation of a thriving commercial space industry , NASA 's second choice -- after its own program failed -- was to pay the Russian government rather than American companies for tickets into orbit . But now that NASA 's funding of the Russian space program has become unattractive politically , its 4-year-old program to hire American companies to send crew to the International Space Station takes on new importance . On Tuesday , NASA announced the winners of its "  commercial crew " competition . Which of the entrants did the agency award for the biggest contract ? Was it SpaceX , a new leader in commercial spaceflight , which has gone from startup to multibillion dollar company in just over a decade , spent hundreds of millions of private investment designing and building three new rockets and a human-rated space capsule , completed more than a dozen launches and lined up dozens more for commercial customers , and proved itself more cost effective than its larger competition ? Was it Sierra Nevada , another private company that has developed a small , winged space plane that lands passengers returning to Earth comfortably on runways , rather than sending them hurdling into the ocean -- giving the design a unique commercial potential ? No . The largest contract in a program designed to boost competition within the commercial space industry went to Boeing -- the gigantic , heavily subsidized government contractor with a history of huge cost overruns . Although SpaceX did win a smaller prize of its own , the fact that the old incumbent is getting a contract to provide services to the space station is going to limit the promise of America 's commercial space industry . But worse , despite committing to purchase some of these services from Boeing and SpaceX , NASA is still reportedly at work on its own , vastly more expensive design , the Space Launch System , in which Boeing is also involved . To anyone who is n't a NASA employee , a NASA contractor or a U.S. senator with a protected workforce in his state , this makes no sense . NASA should not be developing its own proprietary version of capabilities it could purchase commercially at much lower cost , especially when we know the agency 's bureaucratic tendencies will be to view the commercial versions as competitors to kill . Instead , Congress should kill the NASA version and require the agency to purchase basic launch services from companies such as SpaceX , Sierra Nevada , and even Boeing -- if it can make its designs cost-competitive . Commercial space advocates in Congress have been trying to do this for years , but bureaucracies -- both government agencies and their giant contractors -- are extraordinarily adept at protecting themselves and their interests . In addition , Congress should hold hearings on why NASA selected such an expensive proposal for its commercial crew program when potentially cheaper , more innovative designs were available . Tuesday 's announcement was a modest step forward for the commercial space industry , since it will mark the first time NASA has bought tickets from American companies to send astronauts into space . But NASA will need to embrace new entrants and promote a lot more competition to make sure this one small step for NASA is n't one giant leap backward on the taxpayer dime .	NASA missed a chance to back cheaper , more innovative design in new contract , Newt Gingrich says Decision to award SpaceX a contract was a modest step forward for the commercial space industry , he says But NASA will need to embrace new entrants and promote a lot more competition , he adds
Killeen , Texas  CNN  -- The U.S. Army private who authorities say admitted to planning to bomb a restaurant popular with soldiers from Fort Hood is to be held without bond , a federal magistrate ordered Friday . Pfc. Naser Jason Abdo was formally charged with possession of an unregistered destructive device . Additional charges are likely , said Daryl Fields , a spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in San Antonio , Texas . Abdo , who refused to stand when Judge Jeffrey C. Manske entered the courtroom , shouted an apparent reference to the 2006 rape of an Iraqi girl by U.S. soldiers and the 2009 shooting spree at Fort Hood by Army Maj. Nidal Hasan before being hustled out of the courtroom by marshals . Abdo , a Muslim American soldier who had been granted conscientious objector status before going AWOL , was being held Friday in federal custody at an undisclosed location . According to the criminal complaint unsealed after his appearance Friday , Abdo admitted he planned to turn two pressure cookers found in his Killeen hotel room into gunpowder - and shrapnel-filled bombs to detonate inside an unnamed restaurant popular with soldiers from Fort Hood . Among other things , police and FBI investigators who searched the room found six bottles of gunpowder , shotgun shells and pellets and ammunition cartridges . Police who arrested him found wire , a handgun , ammunition and an article titled , "  Make a bomb in the kitchen of your Mom " in the backpack he was carrying , according to the complaint . The backpack also contained a notebook with a hand-written list for many of the components police recovered . The public defender appointed to represent Abdo , attorney Keith Dorsett of Waco , did not immediately respond to e-mails and telephone messages seeking comment . Killeen police arrested Abdo , 21 , on Wednesday after a gun store employee tipped them that Abdo 's behavior had raised red flags when he purchased six pounds of smokeless gunpowder and other supplies . The tip came from Greg Ebert , a retired police officer who works at the Guns Galore gun store . He said the young man appeared suspicious as soon as he pulled up in a taxi cab . "  How many people go shopping at gun stores in a taxi cab ? " Ebert asked . He described Abdo as being guarded and asking odd questions . Abdo browsed for about 20 minutes , Ebert said , choosing six pounds of gunpowder , shotgun ammunition and a magazine for a semiautomatic handgun . He asked Ebert what smokeless gunpowder was before finishing the purchase . "  Well , hello ! Why are you buying this if you do n't know what it 's for ? " Ebert said later . "  That is a red flag for me . He should know . Why is he buying that much ? " Ebert said he called police after discussing the transaction at length with the owner of the store , which is the same place where Hasan bought supplies for his shooting spree . Abdo joined the infantry in 2009 and was assigned to Company E of the 101st Airborne Division 's 1st Brigade Combat Team when he refused to deploy to Afghanistan on religious grounds . The Army approved his request to be discharged as a conscientious objector . But on May 13 , he was charged with possession of child pornography on his computer , according to the statement . After a June 15 hearing , at which Abdo was recommended for court-martial , he went AWOL . In media interviews last year , Abdo talked about seeking conscientious objector status , saying he felt compelled to remain true to his faith . "  We have two things that I believe make us American , and that 's freedom of religion and freedom of choice , " he said . When he signed up for the military , Abdo said , he had not thought that his religious beliefs would be an issue . "  I was under the impression that I could serve both the U.S. Army and my God simultaneously , " he said . But as his deployment neared , he began to rethink things and eventually worked up the courage to approach his unit and tell them how he felt , he said . "  Islam is a much more peaceful and tolerant religion than it is an aggressive religion , " he said . "  I do n't believe that Islam allows me to operate in any kind of warfare at all , including the U.S. military and any war it partakes in . I believe that our first duty as a Muslim is to serve God . " In court Friday , Abdo mentioned "  Iraq 2006 , " an apparent reference to an incident in which U.S. Army soldiers were accused of killing three members of an Iraqi family , including a 6-year-old girl , and raping the family 's 14-year-old girl before also killing her and setting the bodies on fire in an attempt to cover up the killings . Four soldiers were convicted and imprisoned for their roles in the shootings , rape and subsequent cover-up . After Abdo 's arrest , Texas Gov. Rick Perry issued a statement calling it "  a sobering reminder of the importance of remaining vigilant in the ongoing efforts to protect our communities from those that would do us harm . " Rep. John Carter , R-Texas , the House Army Caucus chairman , praised the gun-shop employee who tipped police to Abdo , as well as the police themselves , for interrupting what could have been a deadly plot . "  Thanks to quick action by a Texas gun dealer in alerting local police to a suspicious character , and a prompt and vigorous response by the Killeen Police Department , we may well have averted a repeat of the tragic 2009 radical Islamic terror attack on our nation 's largest military installation , " he said . "  We now have an example of what works to prevent these type attacks , and as the coming days reveal more details about this attempt , we can determine better ways to thwart similar efforts in the future , " Carter said . In addition to being the site of the Fort Hood shootings , Killeen is also where , in 1991 , George Hennard crashed his pickup into a Luby 's cafeteria , fatally shot 23 people and wounded another 20 before killing himself . "  We 've been through a lot in this community , " Killeen Police Chief Dennis Baldwin said . "  But I can tell you that 's when the character of the community is more obvious . " CNN 's Tracy Sabo , Barbara Starr , Marylynn Ryan and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Naser Jason Abdo makes a reference to the 2006 rape and murder of an Iraqi girl Additional charges are likely against Abdo , a U.S. attorney 's spokesman says Abdo is being held without bond by federal authorities He is a "  very dangerous individual , " the police chief says
CNN  -- Nothing about Melissa Huckaby , a Sunday school teacher at her grandfather 's California church , would indicate she 's capable of killing her daughter 's 8-year-old friend as police allege , relatives say . Melissa Huckaby faces charges of kidnapping and murder in the death of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu . Huckaby , expected to be arraigned Tuesday in the death of Sandra Cantu , is a wonderful mother who is at ease with other children , relatives say . Cantu 's body was found last week in a suitcase submerged in a pond . But they acknowledge her life was less than tranquil before moving into her grandparents ' Tracy , California , home last year . They say she 's had difficulties dealing with a divorce , and she 's had legal problems , including bankruptcy and a theft conviction . "  She is a good , church-going girl , but she has had her challenges , " California resident Cynthia Browning , Huckaby 's great-aunt , told the San Francisco Chronicle . Huckaby , 28 , was arrested on charges of murder and kidnapping late Friday , four days after the suitcase with Cantu 's body was found at a dairy farm 's pond in Tracy , not far from the church run by Huckaby 's grandfather . Cantu was last seen alive March 27 in the Tracy mobile home park where she lived . It 's the same park where Huckaby lives with her 5-year-old daughter and grandparents . The two children were close friends and played frequently , Tracy police said . Investigators believe the suitcase is Huckaby 's and that she lied about it being missing , police said . Police Sgt. Tony Sheneman told reporters over the weekend that he did n't know the motive in the slaying , and he declined to say whether Huckaby confessed but said "  she revealed enough information that we had probable cause to arrest her . " On Sunday , Huckaby 's relatives told reporters in Tracy they were shocked by the allegations against her . "  The information we 've been given regarding the charges against -LSB- her -RSB- are completely out of character for her , " said one man , who identified himself only as a relative . Another relative , also declining to give her name , said Huckaby "  is a fantastic mother , very loving . " Huckaby , who grew up in Orange County , California , moved in with her grandparents about eight months ago , according to the Contra Costa Times . She did so in part so that she 'd have more time "  to take better care of her daughter , who ... gets sick a lot , " Browning told the Chronicle . Huckaby divorced a few years ago and has had a hard time coping , her father , Brian Lawless of Orange County , told the Chronicle . She has fought depression , her relatives said , according to the newspaper . She also has faced legal difficulties . Citing court records , the Tracy Press reported she pleaded no contest January 9 to a felony charge of second-degree commercial burglary and a misdemeanor charge of property theft . A criminal complaint says she was jailed in Los Angeles County on a property theft conviction in 2006 and that she tried to steal from a store in November 2008 . According to the complaint , she was on probation in San Joaquin County and was due back in court Friday . And she filed for bankruptcy in 2003 , reporting credit card and medical debt , according to CNN affiliate KCRA-TV . Relatives said her only current job was the Sunday school teaching , according to the Chronicle . The allegations stunned a friend of Huckaby 's from high school , Emily Glyer Fontes , according to the Orange County Register . Fontes said she recalled that Huckaby "  was almost like a mother " to a baby girl that Huckaby 's parents adopted while she was in high school . "  That 's why this is so overwhelming to me , " Fontes , who said she and Huckaby were on the school 's dance team , told the Register . "  She was so wonderful with kids -- absolutely amazing . I feel so completely confused and so devastated about this . Everything I knew has been turned upside down . " Police have not said how Cantu died . The day she was last seen , she came home from school , kissed her mother and left to play with a friend who lives nearby , a family spokeswoman has said . Before her arrest , Huckaby told the Tracy Press that Cantu came by her home to see whether she could play with Huckaby 's daughter , but Huckaby would not let her daughter play because she wanted her daughter to pick up her toys . Cantu left for another friend 's house , Huckaby told the newspaper . Huckaby also told the Tracy Press that she owned the suitcase in which the child 's body was found , but said she reported it missing the day before the body 's discovery . She said it disappeared about the same time the child did . Sheneman told reporters after Huckaby 's arrest that "  inconsistencies " between that interview and statements Huckaby had made to police were one reason police re-interviewed her Friday night .	Melissa Huckaby faces murder charges in death of Sandra Cantu , 8 Huckaby , a Sunday school teacher , was arrested last week Huckaby had difficulty dealing with divorce , relatives say Relatives say allegations are "  completely out of character " for her
CNN  -- Kenyan-born Briton Chris Froome won a pivotal seventh stage of the Tour de France Saturday as his teammate Bradley Wiggins took over in the race leader 's yellow jersey . Froome , a noted climber , showed his ability on a steep finish at La Planche des Belles Filles after 199km from Tomblaine . Despite setting a relentless pace in the final two kilometers , Froome still had the reserves to sprint past defending Tour de France champion Cadel Evans and finish two seconds clear on the line . Australia 's Evans came in second with Team Sky leader Wiggins on his wheel , the race favorite replacing Fabian Cancellara in first place in the overall standings . BMC star Evans is 10 seconds back in second with Vincenzo Nibali of Italy  Liquigas  a further six seconds adrift . Nibali came in fourth on the stage with Rein Taaramae of Estonia a fine fifth for Cofidis . The globalization of the Tour de France But on the final climb a number of other leading contenders lost more time as Team Sky , with Michael Rogers , Richie Porte and then Froome , set a ferocious pace at the front . Froome , who finished second in last year 's Tour of Spain , has moved up to ninth in the standings after his magnificent ride and will be left to regret the time he lost to a puncture on an earlier stage . He will be a key support rider for Wiggins , who is bidding to become the first British rider to win cycling 's most famous race . "  We 're in the driving seat , " Wiggins told Eurosport . "  We will look to consolidate over the next couple of days , but just to be in the yellow , that is something to be savored . It was a childhood dream of mine . " But he warned that Evans will remain a threat with the race still to enter the high mountains of the Alps and Pyrenees . "  You can never underestimate him , he is an incredible champion . He fought every step and he 's never going to give up . " Sunday sees a 157.5 km stage from Belfort to Porrentruy in Switzerland , featuring seven categorized climbs , but Wiggins and Evans will probably look to Monday 's 41.5 km time-trial to Besancon lock horns again in the battle for overall honors . The repercussions of Friday 's mass crash on the stage to Metz became clear before the start of Saturday 's leg with Giro d'Italia champion Ryder Hesjedal  Garmin-Sharp-Barracuda  among 12 riders to pull out through injury .	Team Sky 's Chris Froome wins seventh stage of the Tour de France His teammate Bradley Wiggins takes over in the yellow jersey First hill top finish of the 2012 race proves decisive Defending champion Cadel Evans finishes second on stage
Abu Dhabi , UAE  CNN  -- During the summer months , in the arid , subtropical coastal plains of the United Arab Emirates , temperatures rise to 40 Celsius plus -- while average rainfall is a desolate four inches a year . And yet , in the years since the discovery of vast oil reserves in the late 1950s , a forest of skyscrapers , luxury apartments , verdant green gardens and golf courses has risen from the sand . It 's been made possible only with recourse to unimaginably large amounts of water . Indeed , at 550 liters a day , Emiratis consume more per head of population than anyone else on earth . "  It just evaporates very , very quickly , " explains Ivano Iannelli , CEO of the Dubai Carbon Center of Excellence . "  Then when you add the lifestyle requirements -- the giant swimming pools ; the cooling systems ; the big gardens that need irrigating four times a day ... it goes some way to explain why the water consumption is so high . " With scarce native freshwater supplies , Iannelli says the oil-rich nation spends hundreds of million of dollars a year purifying coastal seawater . For a country that , according to OPEC , boasted over $ 74 billion crude-oil export revenue in 2010 , the financial burden may seem relatively light . But the cost to the climate , says Iannelli , is certainly not . "  Desalination requires a lot of power ... we estimate that about four tonnes of carbon are emitted per million gallons of freshwater produced here , " he says , with reference to the energy-intensive process of removing salt from seawater  see factbox  . To put that figure in context , Iannelli says that the energy required to pump freshwater from underground  which , he says , is the most common source of drinking water in the West  typically produces just over 1.5 tonnes of CO2 per million gallons . Read related : From polluter to protector : The UAE 's ` Green Sheikh ' While large-scale desalination is not uncommon in those parts of the world where natural water resources are scarce -- such as Texas and Australia -- the UAE is by some margin , according to Iannelli , the industry 's most active player . In fact , 50 % of all the world 's desalination takes place in the Gulf . The Fujairah desalination plant in Abu Dhabi has a freshwater generation capacity of 492 million liters a day , making it the biggest single producer on the planet , according to Iannelli , who notes that it "  totally dwarfs anything found in the West . " For Dr Mohammad Dawoud , of the Abu Dhabi Environment Agency , this spells trouble for the future . "  If we do n't conserve our water ... I fear about our resources in the future for the next generation , " he says . However , standing in one of the country 's 30 solar plants -- overlooked by sand dunes on all sides , Dawoud tells CNN that he hopes that solar technology may eventually offer a viable alternative energy source to power the UAE 's huge desalination needs . "  There are no carbon emissions while using photovoltaic cells to produce electricity -- then  we can  use electricity to operate desalination plants to produce freshwater , " he predicts . But on this point Iannelli is not convinced : "  At the moment , solar panels are not fit for purpose in the UAE ... the dust and the sand in the atmosphere prevent  sun  rays from hitting the panels efficiently ... and the high temperatures also reduce performance , " he says . "  For me , solar is not the answer . " Instead , Iannelli believes that the most practical solution is for the desalination process to become more energy efficient , in conjunction with an effort by the Emiratis themselves to curb their "  lavish " water consumption habits . "  There is almost no regulation concerning water or power use , no minimum standards for water-consuming appliances ... and very few energy requirements for buildings , " he laments . "  Whatever we do , from now on it has to be cost-effective , lean and clean . "	UAE consumes 550 liters of water per head each day -- more than any other country With no fresh water supplies , it depends on carbon-intensive desalination process Resource experts talk to CNN about their concerns for UAE 's future water security
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A small military cargo plane crashed in the Yemeni capital on Wednesday , killing all 10 passengers , the country 's defense ministry said . The plane caught fire shortly after taking off from Sanaa International Airport , airport officials said . The crew tried to head back to the airport , but the plane crashed near a public market in the Hasaba area of Sanaa . The defense ministry said passengers were on a pilot training mission , with the head pilot instructing trainees from the government 's armed forces . The cause of the fire -- and subsequent crash -- is under investigation , Sanaa government official Abdul Qader Hilal said .	The plane crashes near a public market in Sanaa , killing all passengers The passengers were on a pilot training mission , the defense ministry says
CNN  -- A congressional hearing Thursday on aviation security will be missing its chief witness , who declined to testify . Transportation Security Administration chief John Pistole had been asked to appear before the Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittee on aviation on the impact of his agency 's policies on passengers and the airline industry . But Pistole said he had no plans to attend , arguing the panel has no jurisdiction over TSA matters . The TSA has been regularly criticized over the years by Republicans in the House , especially , for not becoming leaner and more efficient . "  No representative from TSA will be present , " Pistole said in a statement posted on the agency 's website . It is not common but not unheard of for an agency director to decline to testify at a congressional hearing outside of a scheduling conflict or another agreed-upon reason . The full Transportation Committee is chaired by Florida Republican John Mica , who has been a tough critic of TSA -- whether led by Republican or Democratic administrations -- for its size , for long security lines at airports , and for screening policies he says have fallen short . Mica 's chairmanship ends in January due to House Republican rules that limit such tenures . The committee insisted it has legislative jurisdiction when it comes to the airline industry and its passengers , who help finance TSA operations through security fees . The committee said it has a responsibility to ensure that travelers , airport operations and U.S. commerce are not disrupted by TSA policies , procedures or operations . "  TSA is missing the point , " said Justin Harclerode , a spokesman for the full committee . "  While this committee does not have direct legislative jurisdiction over TSA , that agency , as with any other agency , has a responsibility to provide congressionally requested testimony or information . " Harclerode said , "  Unfortunately , TSA regularly chooses to not even respond to simple requests for information by this committee . " Pistole said TSA would continue to work with "  committees of jurisdiction " on agency matters . He said TSA witnesses have testified at 38 hearings and provided 425 briefings for lawmakers during this session of Congress . The hearing will go on as planned . Witnesses include two government watchdogs : an official from the Homeland Security Department 's inspector general 's office and a homeland security expert from the Government Accountability Office . Industry representatives will also appear . Oakland traveler arrested for watch "  art " TSA thinks is timing device	Agency director says House committee does n't have jurisdiction Transportation chairman has been tough critic of TSA Hearing will go on as planned with other witnesses
CNN  -- An alleged gang member who police say was behind 80 percent of the killings in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , over the past 16 months was arrested over the weekend , officials said . Police believe that Arturo Gallegos Castrellon , known as "  El Farmero , " was the leader of the Aztecas gang , a group closely linked with the Juarez cartel and its enforcement arm , La Linea . Gallegos confessed to authorities that he ordered the killings of three people linked to the U.S. consulate in Juarez in March , as well as the attack on a party of young people that killed 14 , federal police said . The 32-year-old was arrested Saturday . Gallegos "  is allegedly responsible for homicides , extortions and distribution of drugs in all the sectors of Ciudad Juarez , " the federal police said in a statement . He was captured as part of an operation to dismantle the Aztecas gang , police said . Surveillance and tips from the public led authorities to a house occupied by armed men , where Gallegos was arrested . According to authorities , the gang leader also admitted to the killings of five federal police officers . Two others were captured along with Gallegos . Carlos Rodriguez Ramirez , 41 , is accused of smuggling drugs between Juarez and El Paso , Texas . Gisela Ornelas Nunez , 32 , was identified as being in charge of transporting drugs and weapons to Juarez , police said . Police seized two assault rifles and two handguns , along with 228 cartridges for different weapons . They also found 90 grams of what police believe is marijuana . Two cars and two trucks , including one that was armored , were also taken . In 1996 , Gallegos was arrested in the United States for drug trafficking , Mexican authorities said . There have been more than 2,500 drug-related killings in Juarez this year alone , signifying that if Gallegos ' claim is accurate , he would be responsible for more than 2,000 murders . Those numbers would be comparable to those of some of the most ruthless war criminals . But Tony Payan , a professor of political science at the University of Texas at El Paso , said that such staggering statistics must be examined with skepticism . The number does not specify whether he was directly responsible for those deaths or marginally linked through his role in the gang . Still , "  no doubt this is a big bust , " Payan said , describing Gallegos as one of the heads of the Azteca gang . The Azteca gang is dedicated to doing the bidding of the Juarez cartel and is in a battle with a rival gang , the Artistas Asesinos , who work for the Sinaloa cartel . As a whole , the Azteca gang is certainly responsible for thousands of deaths over the past four years , Payan said . Gallegos was key because he worked closely with the Juarez cartel leadership and directed side enterprises , such as robbery , extortion and kidnappings . "  He 's probably the brains behind the strategy of a self-financing gang , " Payan said . The arrest is a victory for President Felipe Calderon 's offensive against the drug cartels , and taken together with other recent killings or arrests of high-level leaders , shows the police strategy , Payan said : to go after the big fish in the drug trafficking organizations . "  To cut the legs off at the street level , we have to cut the head , " he said of the plan . Among the killings Gallegos admitted to are the high-profile shooting deaths of three people linked to the U.S. consulate in the city . The shootings occurred March 13 when consulate employee Lesley Enriquez and her husband , Arthur Redelfs , were gunned down as they left a birthday party in their SUV . Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros , the husband of another consulate employee , was killed in a separate vehicle . Because Gallegos ' arrest might be linked to the ongoing investigation into the killings of the Americans , an FBI spokesman declined to comment on the development .	Arturo Gallegos was arrested Saturday He is the leader of the Aztecas gang in Juarez Police say he was behind 80 percent of the killings there over the past 16 months
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The United States may have been behind the killing of Neda Agha-Soltan , the 26-year-old Iranian woman whose fatal videotaped shooting Saturday made her a symbol of opposition to the June 12 presidential election results , the country 's ambassador to Mexico said Thursday . Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , was shot to death in Tehran on Saturday . "  This death of Neda is very suspicious , " Ambassador Mohammad Hassan Ghadiri said . "  My question is , how is it that this Miss Neda is shot from behind , got shot in front of several cameras , and is shot in an area where no significant demonstration was behind held ? " He suggested that the CIA or another intelligence service may have been responsible . "  Well , if the CIA wants to kill some people and attribute that to the government elements , then choosing women is an appropriate choice , because the death of a woman draws more sympathy , " Ghadiri said . In response , CIA spokesman George Little said , "  Any suggestion that the CIA was responsible for the death of this young woman is wrong , absurd and offensive . " Though the video appeared to show that she had been shot in the chest , Ghadiri said that the bullet was found in her head and that it was not of a type used in Iran . "  These are the methods that terrorists , the CIA and spy agencies employ , " he said . "  Naturally , they would like to see blood spilled in these demonstrations , so that they can use it against the Islamic Republic of Iran . This is of the common methods that the CIA employs in various countries . " But , he added , "  I am not saying that now the CIA has done this . There are different groups . It could be the -LSB- work of another -RSB- intelligence service ; it could be the CIA ; it could be the terrorists . Anyway , there are people who employ these types of methods . " Asked about his government 's imposition of restrictions on reporting by international journalists , Ghadiri blamed the reporters themselves . "  Some of the reporters and mass media do not reflect the truth , " he said . For example , he said , international news organizations have lavished coverage on demonstrations by supporters of Mir Hossein Moussavi , whom the government has said lost to the incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad by a landslide . But those same news organizations have not shown "  many , many demonstrations in favor of the winner , " he said . Further , he said , members of the international news media have failed to report on people setting banks and buses afire or attacking other people . "  The only things they show are the reactions of the police , " he said . Because of restrictions on reporting in Iran , CNN has been unable to confirm many of the reports and claims relating to protests . Ghadiri said it is only fair that security forces protect the lives and property of the Iranian people . "  If in America supporters of Mr. McCain had gotten out on the street and tried to burn the banks during the last election , do you think the police would just sit idly by and be a spectator ? " he asked , referring to the GOP presidential candidate who lost the presidential vote in November to Barack Obama . Ghadiri called on backers of Moussavi to "  accept the majority 's victory . " Ahmadinejad 's overwhelming victory was no surprise , Ghadiri said , noting that a poll published in the United States three weeks before the June 12 elections showed Ahmadinejad with a commanding lead . "  Why do n't you show that ? " he asked . Ghadiri also addressed questions about the rapid reporting of the election results , which the opposition has cited as evidence that the ballots were not properly counted . "  It was n't said that only four people counted the 40 million votes , " he said . "  There were tens of thousands of people in Iran who counted these votes . They declared that this is very simple . "	Ambassador to Mexico says CIA or other intelligence service may be to blame CIA spokesman says idea is "  wrong , absurd and offensive " Envoy says foreign forces wanted to use bloodshed against Iranian government Media are n't reporting on pro-Ahmadinejad demonstrations , he says
CNN  -- Music producer and promoter Don Kirshner , who found songs for The Monkees to sing and whose live TV rock show helped wean 1970s audiences off lip-synched programming , died Monday in Boca Raton , Florida , his publicist confirmed Tuesday . Kirshner , 76 , died of heart failure , according to Sharon Ellman of the public relations firm Dash Media . A renowned song publisher and rock producer , Kirshner is best known for managing the songwriting talent behind the successful pop music television series "  The Monkees , " and for his signature TV program , "  Don Kirshner 's Rock Concert . " He achieved his first major success in the late 1950s and early 1960s as co-owner with Al Nevin of the influential New York-based publishing company Aldon Music . The firm had under contract several of the most important songwriters of the so-called Brill Building , including Carole King , Neil Sedaka , Howard Greenfield , Cynthia Weil and Barry Mann . As a producer-promoter , Kirshner was influential in igniting the careers of artists such as Bobby Darin , Neil Diamond and Tony Orlando , as well as discovering rock acts such as Kansas . As a publisher , Kirshner was behind hits such as "  You 've Lost That Loving Feeling " and "  Where The Boys Are . " Barbra Streisand , Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra were among the many performers who recorded Kirshner-produced songs . In 1966 , Kirshner , who had supervised the music for the sitcoms "  I Dream of Jeannie " and "  Bewitched , " was hired by the producers of "  The Monkees " to provide hit-worthy songs to accompany the TV program . Within a demanding time frame , he quickly corralled songwriting talent to craft catchy tunes for the show , which became a smash hit among teen audiences . In September 1973 , Kirshner created , produced , and eventually hosted his own syndicated , weekly rock-concert program , "  Don Kirshner 's Rock Concert . " The show 's long-form , live performances distinguished it from the often lip-synched fare typical among TV music performances up to that time . The show aired until 1981 and featured performances from many of the big-name acts of that era , including The Rolling Stones , Gladys Knight and the Pips , Fleetwood Mac , the Bee Gees , the Police , Stevie Wonder and David Bowie . Kirshner was inducted into the Songwriters ' Hall of Fame in 2007 . He is survived by his wife of 50 years , Sheila , two children and five grandchildren .	"  Don Kirshner 's Rock Concert " set the standard for live TV performances Kirshner corralled the songwriting talent for the hit '60s TV show "  The Monkees " He was influential in making stars of Bobby Darin , Neil Diamond and Tony Orlando
NEW YORK -- For more than 10 years , Mandy Hughes drifted in an out of what she calls the horrible , debilitating pain of Lyme disease . Mandy Hughes says the pain she suffered for more than 10 years was due to Lyme disease "  It literally feels like you got into a severe accident , like you were hit by a Mack truck and you were allowed no medical attention , " she says . After being bitten by a tick at 19 , Hughes broke out in hives and suffered fever and chills so severe that she had to be hospitalized . She was diagnosed with Lyme disease and was sent home with two weeks ' worth of the antibiotic tetracycline . She seemed to be cured . But over the years , the Lyme symptoms flared back -- crippling joint pain , muscle spasms , headaches and facial paralysis . She visited 15 doctors , yet they were unable to arrive at a diagnosis . Several thought she had multiple sclerosis . Others knew she was sick but did n't know why . Lyme had been ruled out . "  Maybe it 's psychological -- we do n't really have an explanation , " they told Hughes . "  Your tests are coming back fine , Mandy . " Watch a report on a 10-year battle with Lyme disease symptoms " The memory of one doctor 's visit stays with her to this day . She went to see him with joint pain so severe , she said , her hands were curled into a palsy-like position . Yet the doctor seemed impatient with her . "  You 're obviously an attractive woman , and you 're just trying to get attention , " she recalls him saying . In 2005 , Hughes went to see what some patients refer to as a "  Lyme-literate " doctor -- one willing to diagnose chronic Lyme disease and prescribe a long-term regimen of intravenous as well as oral antibiotics . Within three months , she began to feel better . After 15 months , she was back on her feet , but had to abruptly halt treatment when her doctor was sued by an insurance company and stopped seeing patients . Learn more about Lyme disease " Hughes ' story is featured in a new documentary called "  Under Our Skin , " which takes a look at the leaders of the Infectious Diseases Society of America , a national medical group that represents health care professionals who specialize in infectious diseases . The society 's purpose , according to its Web site , is to improve health care in areas related to such diseases . In particular , the documentary takes aim at the 14-member panel that wrote the 2006 Lyme disease treatment guidelines . The guidelines question the existence of chronic Lyme disease and claim the post-treatment symptoms of some patients appear to be "  more related to the aches and pains of daily living rather than to either Lyme disease or a tickborne coinfection . " The guidelines list specific criteria for diagnosing Lyme -- such as an obvious tick bite , a characteristic bull 's - eye rash at the site of the bite , facial paralysis and a positive blood test . Yet some Lyme specialists say many patients experiencing symptoms do not see or remember a tick bite . Only 70 to 80 percent get the rash at all , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The longer the disease goes undiagnosed , the harder it is to treat , some doctors say . "  The disability associated with Lyme disease is worse than the disability that you might see with someone after a heart attack , " said Brian Fallon , director of the Lyme and Tick-Borne Diseases Research Center at Columbia University Medical Center in New York . Patient advocates criticize the IDSA for recommending no more than a month 's worth of antibiotics to treat Lyme . They say insurance companies use the guidelines to deny payment for long-term antibiotic therapy . But the IDSA says there are inherent risks from such treatment , including localized infection from the IV line and the creation of antibiotic-resistant bacteria . One IDSA critic , Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , conducted an antitrust investigation of the guideline process , saying the panel ignored or minimized other medical opinions regarding chronic Lyme disease . Blumenthal said the process was tainted by conflict of interest because members of the panel consulted for insurance companies and at least one had a patent for a Lyme disease treatment . Gary Wormser , chief of infectious diseases at New York Medical College and one of the guidelines ' authors , denies those allegations , calling them "  preposterous . " "  What we did recommend was not treating with unsafe or prolonged courses of antibiotic therapy , " Wormser said . In a settlement with Blumenthal , the IDSA agreed to reassess its 2006 guidelines with the assistance of an outside arbiter . The heart of the debate is whether patients actually have Lyme disease , or simply symptoms that are mistaken for Lyme disease . "  The problem is that the majority of patients that carry the diagnosis of chronic Lyme disease actually have the same kinds of symptoms : fatigue , musculoskeletal pain , sometimes brain fog . ... The majority of such patients actually do n't have any evidence of ever having had Lyme disease . " Wormser said . There 's a lot at stake . The CDC reports approximately 20,000 new cases of Lyme disease a year , with the number doubling from 1991 to 2005 . Factoring in underreported cases , the CDC says the actual number could be three to 10 times higher . "  We have an epidemic of Lyme disease , " said Daniel Cameron , president of the International Lyme and Associated Diseases Society , which rejects the IDSA guidelines and says the chronic form of the disease may be prevalent in up to 62 percent of the population in areas where Lyme disease is endemic . Fallon says standard blood tests fail to detect the Lyme infection in 20 to 30 percent of patients . "  Most reasonable academic physicians throughout the United States would acknowledge that there 's a large number of patients out there who do have chronic , persistent symptoms . The question is , why do they have those symptoms ? " he says .	Mandy Hughes says she suffered from Lyme disease effects for more than 10 years Hughes featured in documentary that questions disease treatment guidelines There 's a debate over whether the disease symptoms are mistaken for the disease
In 16 years , cancer will become the leading cause of death in the United States , surpassing heart disease , according to a new report from the American Society of Clinical Oncology . The number of new cancer cases is expected to increase nearly 45 % by 2030 , from 1.6 million cases to 2.3 million cases annually . This influx of new patients will place a bigger burden on a field of medicine already stretched by physician shortages and financial difficulties , says the report , which highlights growing problems for cancer care in the United States . Dr. Jeffery Ward knows these issues well . When he joined a community oncology practice in Seattle , it had three doctors . A few years later the group merged with another practice , and connected with a national network of community doctors that enabled them to invest in new technologies and receive group discounts on cancer drugs . In return , they paid a percentage of their practice 's profit to the network . Over time , the doctors ' profit margins became slimmer . They could n't compete with hospitals in the area for radiation therapy and other services that would have diversified their practice , and insurers had the upper hand in contract negotiations . It became obvious , as Ward said , "  that 0 % of zero would be zero . " So Ward and his colleagues decided to leave the community oncology network and join a large hospital system in Seattle . Nearly two-thirds of the small oncology practices surveyed said they were likely to merge , sell or close in the upcoming year , according to the oncology group 's inaugural report , "  The State of Cancer Care in America . " And as community practices disappear , patients are paying more and traveling farther for quality care . "  If you ca n't get care , you ca n't get good care , " said American Society of Clinical Oncology President Dr. Clifford Hudis , chief of Breast Cancer Medicine Service at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and a professor at Weill Cornell Medical College . WHO : Imminent global cancer "  disaster " Adding to the burden will be an increase in the number of cancer survivors . Fifty years ago , only a handful of "  minimally effective " treatments for cancer existed , according to the report . Today , there are more than 170 FDA-approved anti-cancer drugs . Two-thirds of Americans now live at least five years after a cancer diagnosis , up from about half in the 1970s , the report authors write . Survivors need ongoing care , as they 're at higher risk for other types of cancer and conditions such as diabetes , cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis . The Affordable Care Act will also increase the need for oncologists , as millions of Americans get newly covered by health insurance . Taking these future patients into consideration , the oncology society expects demand for oncology services to grow 42 % by 2030 . Yet the number of oncologists is expected to grow only 28 % , leading to a shortage of more than 1,400 physicians . A large part of this is because of the aging physician population , according to the report . In 2008 , the proportion of oncologists older than 64 surpassed the proportion younger than 40 for the first time . A large number of communities in central and Midwestern states are covered solely by these older doctors . When they retire , more patients will have to travel farther to find care . "  The shortage of oncologists is a real problem , " said Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society . "  Many smaller practices actually provide a lot of uncompensated care to those who do not have insurance or have insurance that does not pay well . " The report also highlights the need to lower costs , for both doctors and patients . Right now , the system is designed to compensate doctors for how much they do , rather than how well they do it . That goes against the oncology society 's recommendations , which encourage physicians to avoid performing unnecessary tests and treatments . "  One of the reasons that so many patients are harmed in medicine is they are over-treated , " Brawley said . How doctors do harm Drug prices are another big concern . When Ward started practicing , the average cancer drug cost $ 1,000 per month . Today , he said , the average is $ 10,000 per month . "  If we do n't begin to control these prices in one way or another , in 20 more years , the average cost of a cancer drug will be $ 100,000 . That 's not sustainable , " he said . "  Twenty percent copay on $ 10,000  per month  is not in the pocketbook for most of my patients . " Brawley said price is one of the biggest reasons there is such a disparity in cancer outcomes ; research shows minorities are more likely to develop cancer and more likely to die from cancer . To combat some of the issues raised in the report and improve patient care , the society is working on several projects involving "  big data . " These projects will help physicians "  distill massive volumes of data into meaningful information , " according to the report authors . Shoppers have Amazon . Students have Google . Oncologists will have CancerLinQ . "  Medicine has lagged behind the rest of society in adopting and benefiting from these remarkable and ubiquitous technological improvements , " Hudis said . CancerLinQ is an electronic health system that will collect and analyze data from millions of patients and provide feedback to providers in terms of standards of care and best practices . Its goal , Hudis said , is to prevent mistakes before they happen . "  I 'd rather have a doctor who avoids mistakes than one who learns from them , " he said . The oncology society said it expects to roll out some components of the system in early 2015 . Most cancer cases are preventable	Oncology group releases report : "  The State of Cancer Care in America " Number of new cases is expected to increase nearly 45 % by 2030 Smaller community oncology practices being absorbed by larger networks Patients having to travel farther and pay more for cancer services
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A company that makes toys to encourage girls to become engineers has backed down from using a Beastie Boys song in its ad . GoldieBlox had used a parody version of the decidedly misogynistic Beastie Boys song "  Girls " in a video featuring a trio of inventive girls who trade their tiaras for a toolbox . The company 's lawyers filed a lawsuit last week asserting their "  fair use " of the tune , but Wednesday its founders posted a letter addressed to Beastie Boys Mike Diamond and Adam Horovitz . "  We do n't want to fight with you , " founder Debbie Sterling wrote . "  We love you and we are actually huge fans . " The song has been removed from the video , which went viral this month and gained millions of online viewers , she said . "  When we made our parody version of your song , ` Girls ' , we did it with the best of intentions , " Sterling said . "  We wanted to transform it into a powerful anthem for girls . " The company did not realize that Beastie Boys member Adam Yauch , who died last year , had in his will that he wanted his songs to never be used in advertising , she said . "  Although we believe our parody video falls under fair use , we would like to respect his wishes and yours , " she wrote . The Beastie Boys song 1987 "  Girls " has lyrics including , "  Girls , to do the dishes , " and , "  Her pants were tight , and that 's OK . " Â In the GoldieBlox version , the lyrics are synchronized with a "  Rube Goldberg " contraption -- a device over-engineered to carry out a simple task -- and altered to convey a more feminist message : "  You like to buy us pink toys , and everything else is for boys and you can always get us dolls and we 'll grow up like them ... false . " "  Over the past week , parents have sent us pictures and videos of their kids singing with pride , building their own Rube Goldberg machines in their living rooms and declaring an interest in engineering , " Sterling wrote Wednesday . "  It 's been incredible to watch . " Sterling , a Stanford-educated engineer , has said her ultimate goal is to bridge the gap of gender disparity in engineering ; according to the Association for Women in Science , women account for 24 % of the science , technology , engineering and math work force . She wants to "  disrupt the pink aisle " and "  get girls building " with her "  toys for future inventors . " The video is one of four finalists in Intuit 's "  Small Business , Big Game " contest . The contest winner will nab a multimillion-dollar ad spot during the Super Bowl on February 2 . GoldieBlox rages against the princess machine CNN 's Sarah LeTrent contributed to this report .	GoldieBlox removed a parody version of Beastie Boys ' "  Girls " from ad Its toys encourage girls to become engineers The founder wants to "  disrupt the pink aisle " and "  get girls building " "  We do n't want to fight with you , " GoldieBlox founder tells Beastie Boys
CNN  -- Some of Europe 's best footballers will be missing in Poland and Ukraine this month , as the effects of another grueling season takes its toll . The English Premier League , the only one of the continent 's major divisions not to have a winter break , is particularly brutal in its demands on players , with research by UEFA indicating that EPL stars are four times more likely to be injured in the last three months of the campaign than those elsewhere . With so many matches being played -- and at such physical intensity -- perhaps player burnout is inevitable before a major championship such as Euro 2012 even starts . But is it ? What if coaches and medical staff had a way of tracking players ' fitness , allowing them to be rested before injury occurs ? One leading sports scientist , Dr. Craig Duncan , has come to the conclusion that soft-tissue injuries -- such as those suffered by England 's Frank Lampard and Gareth Barry -- can be prevented if players wear global positioning systems  GPS  during matches . A satellite-based positioning system owned by the US Department of Defense , GPS can measure how intensely players are working by tracking their position on the field . A study of two international rugby union players , which was published in 2011 , concluded that "  GPS data provides important performance indicators , assists in the development of conditioning and training protocols , as well as injury management . " In Australia , where Duncan is based , the tool is permitted in rugby league and rugby union as well as Australian Rules football . However , according to football 's ruling body FIFA , "  GPS systems are not a part of the players ' basic equipment " -- even though the system is used by clubs and international teams in training . However , arguably it might be in FIFA 's financial interest to permit the use of GPS given that it recently committed $ 75 million to an insurance policy to pay clubs a maximum annual payout of $ 9.7 million per player injured while on national team duty , with clubs paid a daily maximum of $ 27,000 a player . "  Football needs to legalize its use to enhance player welfare , " Duncan , who is head of human performance at soccer club Sydney FC , told CNN . "  It 's in the interest of clubs , fans , players and the game itself that we do everything possible to maximize the performance of the player while doing our best to minimize the risk of injury . " Half the size of a mobile phone , a GPS unit can be comfortably worn on the upper back by players . Duncan wants FIFA to allow the use of GPS to enable managers to track how their players are coping -- and if they are working too hard , to replace them . "  We have substituted players in preseason when these numbers start getting outside normal zones and also to monitor loads in training to ensure injuries are prevented , " said the Australian . Duncan believes GPS has played an important role in significantly reducing injuries at Sydney FC . "  As with any prevention initiatives it 's hard to say how much we have prevented but I will say we have reduced injury rates at my club by over 60 % this year due to careful monitoring . "  If we could use it in games I do think we could prevent more as many injuries are fatigue related . However I also realize many managers would not make subs based on this . " His fears are backed up by the head of fitness and conditioning at English club Liverpool . Darren Burgess -- another Australian -- remains unconvinced by Duncan 's argument , insisting that analysis systems such as Prozone provide more than enough data during the week to measure players ' workload . "  I 'm not sure you would ever get to the stage where a coach would make a substitution based on a player 's workload -- and I 'm in the coach 's camp on that one , " said Burgess . He also believes here could also be reliability problems with GPS because major stadiums like Anfield might interfere with the satellite signal . Question marks have also been raised about GPS accuracy and variability , but Duncan insists that if you are aware of the error range and it is consistent , you will be able to know when a player is outside their desired limits "  I have used it in a number of stadiums without issue and it is used every week in Aussie rules , rugby union and rugby league , " he said . Exercise physiologist Raymond Verheijen , who is working with the Russia national team during Euro 2012 , believes as many as 80 % of injuries are preventable . He has long argued that fatigue due to overtraining is the cause . The Dutchman recently published a study demonstrating that teams playing every three days are substantially disadvantaged by player fatigue . The study , which looked at 27,000 matches , showed that teams playing after just two days ' recovery against opponents who had enjoyed at least a three-day gap were found to be 39 % less likely to win at home and 42 % less likely to win away . Where both teams had just two days ' rest , the away team suffered more , showing a 26 % reduced likelihood of victory . The FIFA insurance program starts after the European Championship in Poland and Ukraine , with UEFA providing insurance for the 16-team event and all national team matches involving players who play in Europe until September 1 . Part of Duncan 's reasoning is based on his belief that not enough money is being spent on protecting on a club and country 's most valuable assets -- the players . "  I 've seen estimates that the total English Premier League wage bill is $ 2 billion and I would say less than 1 % of that is spent on maintenance of these players through the use of sports medicine and sport science , " Duncan told CNN . "  It 's just not good business . People spend a greater percentage on maintaining a $ 30,000 car but for some reason commonsense thinking is removed in professional sport . " British company Optima-Life is working with the Firstbeat Technologies -- a Finnish firm that has developed a heart-rate analysis product . Optima-Life 's chief executive Simon Shepard says stressed footballers need to get away from thinking just about training and then playing matches . "  There is a real area of excitement that people are starting to understand the multiple demands of being an athlete , " said Shepard . "  It 's not just about the training that you do for 20 hours a week . What is the player doing for the other 148 hours of the week ? How are they coping with the demands of travel , media and social relationships ? "  So sports teams have the challenge of making sure that athletes take ownership of looking after themselves for 24 hours a day . "  In fact that is not just true of sports people , it also applies to business people . " Although FIFA rules do not permit the use of GPS , a spokesman for the world governing body did point out that on page 65 of the laws of the game it states : "  A player may use equipment other than the basic equipment provided that its sole purpose is to protect him physically and it poses no danger to him or any other player . "  All items of clothing or equipment other than the basic equipment must be inspected by the referee and determined not to be dangerous . " Theoretically that might allow clubs or national federations the scope to request that FIFA allows players to use GPS in a game -- and arguably navigate a route to injury prevention .	FIFA rules do not allow the use of GPS during football matches Governing body recently committed $ 75 million to player injury insurance policy Sports scientist Craig Duncan says GPS could help cut down on number of player injuries Exercise physiologist Raymond Verheijen believes as many as 80 % of injuries are preventable
It was three years ago that people across the nation and around the world held their breath . After a two-month trial , the jury in the Casey Anthony murder trial announced they had arrived at a verdict . Anthony was found not guilty of first-degree murder and the other most serious charges against her in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter . The nation was first introduced to Casey Anthony in July 2008 . The country fell in love with her precious daughter , Caylee , who had gone missing in Orlando , Florida . A massive missing persons search for the little girl ensued . Police were suspicious of what Anthony , then 22 , was telling them . She lied about her nanny taking the child . She lied about working at Universal Studios . Anthony suddenly became the most hated woman in America . On July 16 , 2008 , Anthony was arrested on suspicion of child neglect . Her attorney was an unknown Florida lawyer named Jose Baez . A Florida grand jury indicted Anthony on capital murder charges October 14 , 2008 . A utility worker found Caylee 's skeletal remains in a wooded area near the Anthony home in December 2008 , and several months later , prosecutors announced they would seek the death penalty . Florida v. Casey Anthony : A look back at evidence and testimony Watching in the wings was another Florida lawyer , Cheney Mason . A former president of the Florida Association of Criminal Lawyers , Mason , who just that year had been selected by Florida Monthly magazine as one of Florida 's top lawyers , was disgusted with the local media coverage about the relatively inexperienced Baez . "  I was offended by it . I was offended by the fact that he was n't being treated fairly . I did n't know Baez . I had never met him , " Mason said . Baez started asking Mason , a Florida death penalty qualified attorney , for advice . That propelled Mason to want to meet Anthony . He remembers going to the Orange County jail to introduce himself . "  They brought her to the room , and I have to tell you I was really surprised to see how small she is ... how tiny she is . I stood looking at a child herself . I said this ca n't be , " he said . I sat down with Mason exclusively to talk with him about his new book , "  Justice in America . " In it , he insists that the jury got it right , and the rest of the country had it wrong . "  Could she look you in the eye ? " I asked . "  Oh yes , " Mason responded , describing her demeanor as quiet , afraid and unsure . After that meeting , with Anthony 's approval , Mason decided to join the team pro bono . He said the unpaid time he spent on the case "  was well over a million dollars " and cost him tens of thousands of dollars out-of-pocket . Mason said in the years before trial , he normally met with Anthony in a lunch room at the jail . The jail would clear everyone out before Anthony came in . A stationary video camera in the room was positioned on their conversations , so he and Anthony would cover their mouths and speak in low tones to each other , Mason said . Shortly before jury selection was to begin , Mason got word that Anthony 's handwritten letters describing sexual abuse at the hands of her father were going to be made public under Florida 's open records law . He believed it was only right that Anthony 's parents , George and Cindy , were warned . He called them to his office late on a Friday afternoon . "  We had them one at a time come into my personal office and made the announcement : ` Monday 's going to be a bad day for you George . I felt man to man I would tell you in advance . " " Mason said George Anthony 's reaction was "  basically none . " "  He looked at me ... I turned sideways a little bit , he clapped his hands down on his thighs -- let out a big sigh but did n't say anything , " Mason said . "  He never admitted doing anything , " Mason said . "  All we had were the letters and  separately  the statements Casey had made to the psychiatrist . " Next it was Cindy Anthony 's turn . "  We called Mom in , Cindy , and told her and she immediately welled up with emotion , cried , was very upset , " Mason said . Once a jury was selected it was time for the evidentiary portion of the trial . Baez gave the opening statements . In the midst of telling the jury what the evidence would show , he delivered a bombshell that turned the case on its head by telling the jury that his client was a victim of sexual abuse by her father . The country was stunned and so was Mason , who was sitting next to Anthony in the courtroom . "  I did n't know that he was going to say that . We had talked about all aspects of it , and I did not know . I do n't know if anybody knew that he was going to say that other than himself , " Mason recalled . I asked Mason if he was concerned the defense would not be able to establish this with evidence as promised during the opening statement . Mason said he was . "  Yes , I was concerned about that because I knew we did n't have the ability to prove that unless George got on the stand and confessed , " he said . The prosecution responded by making George Anthony its first witness . The first question Assistant State Attorney Jeff Ashton asked him was whether he had sexually abused his daughter . George Anthony responded with a definitive no . The trial went on for weeks . Witness after witness took the stand for the prosecution in the largely circumstantial case . They finally rested their case on June 15 , 2011 . Then it was the defense 's turn . Anthony 's defense attorneys maintained that Caylee was not murdered at all . They said the child drowned in the Anthony 's above-ground pool , and that Casey Anthony and her father panicked upon finding her there and covered up the death . George Anthony denied that in his testimony . Casey Anthony : ' I did n't kill my daughter ' In the midst of the defense case , Mason described how out-of-court conversations with the prosecution suddenly turned to possible plea discussions . Anthony was approached with the possibility . "  Casey got very angry about that . She got very angry to hear talk about it . She did n't want to hear it . " Mason said . "  Casey would fight it 'til her last breath . She did n't kill her daughter . " Mason said he believes it took a lot of courage and strength for Anthony to end any talk of a plea agreement . She knew what was at stake in this death penalty trial . So , plea discussions were stopped in their tracks , Mason said , and the trial went on . Then , on July 5 , 2011 , after deliberating for 10 hours , jurors announced they had reached a verdict . "  She was holding her breath like a deep sea diver , waiting as we all were , " Mason said . Anthony was acquitted by the 12-person jury on the most serious charges , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and aggravated manslaughter of a child . But the jury convicted her on four misdemeanors of providing false information to law enforcement officers . Anthony now lives in an undisclosed location in Florida and does n't go out of the home she is living in because of the public hate and continued threats to her life , Mason said . "  She has to live constantly on guard . She ca n't go out in public , " Mason said . By her own choice , she works inside the home , Mason said , and is living as "  a housekeeper , clerk , secretary and stuff like that . " "  I think Casey has a lot of world left to have to deal with . She has n't been freed from her incarceration yet 'cause she ca n't go out . She ca n't go to a beauty parlor , she ca n't go shopping to a department store , she ca n't go to a restaurant , she ca n't even go to McDonald 's . She ca n't do anything , " he said . Mason and his wife , Shirley , have continued a relationship with Anthony . Now three years after being acquitted , Mason said Anthony still distrusts the outside world . "  Casey is aloof , " Mason said . "  She is kind of , I think , afraid of people ... she 's not real close to . We 've had a couple of occasions to have social gatherings that can include her -- close friends , the  legal  team . She still likes to back away from the middle . " 2012 : Anthony 's ` video diary ' surfaces Anthony "  does not have any blood family anymore , " Mason said . The family she has is the residual of the defense team , Dorothy Clay Sims , Lisabeth Fryer and Mason 's wife . Mason said although there may have been a few conversations between Anthony and her mother in recent years , there is no relationship . And as for a relationship with her father ? "  None , " Mason said emphatically . Shirley Mason has also gotten to know Anthony over the past three years . "  I 'm a cross between a friend , a mother , but not a mother -- only someone who is older who has had experience in the world she has not had , " she said . Mason gives Anthony advice , but also listens to her when they talk . "  My hope for her is it gets better for her and the world or the people who have been so hateful can let that go and they can move on , " she said . Anthony "  tries to make her life work , " Shirley Mason said . She takes care of herself and stays physically fit by working out in the house . "  I do think she wants to speak out , " Mason said . Anthony declined CNN 's request for an interview . "  I have never asked her that , but I know she has very strong feelings for what has happened to her . I also know she 's very saddened by her loss and she will never forget her daughter Caylee , ever . "	This week marks three years since the Casey Anthony verdict Caylee Anthony went missing in June 2008 Today , Casey Anthony is in undisclosed location in Florida She chooses not to go out in public
EW.com  -- NBC 's "  The Voice " switched to live shows for the first time this cycle on Monday night , but a chunk of viewers shrugged off the next phase of the hit reality competition series . "  The Voice " was down 15 percent from last week 's episode in the adult demo to mark its lowest Monday performance ever  chart below  , yet still once again charted as the night 's top-rated show . "  The Voice " typically tends to dip somewhat when it moves away from the spinny-chairs audition rounds . At least the show provided some high-wire drama when a Top 12 contestant endured a live TV microphone fail . EW : Full coverage of ` The Voice ' At 10 p.m. , NBC was surely thankful to see "  The Blacklist " steady with last week 's performance despite having a weaker lead-in this time and original competition from ABC 's "  Castle . " Speaking of , ABC 's rival reality veteran Dancing With the Stars had lousy news , down 9 percent to post its lowest rating this cycle . EW : ` The Voice ' contestant Kristen Merlin powers through mid-performance mic outage Over on CBS , 2 "  Broke Girls " was down 9 percent from last week 's debut in the 8 p.m. slot . The network is hoping this show can be a kick-starter for the block like "  How I Met Your Mother " was , but this dip is a tad worrisome  maybe last week 's guest star Lindsey Lohan needs to be a series regular ? ... No , we do n't really believe that  . On The CW , "  Tomorrow People " returned from a three week break and plummeted 40 percent from its most recent original . The CW has nothing but hard choices to make in terms of which of its bubble shows  Tomorrow , "  Beauty and the Beast , " "  The Carrie Diaries , " "  Hart of Dixie "  it renews for another season . The rest of the night 's shows were largely on par . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Voice " switched to live shows Monday The ratings were down 15 percent NBC 's "  The Blacklist " held steady
Washington  CNN  -- The surprise disclosure of an intelligence assessment about North Korea 's nuclear capabilities this week raised further questions over what the United States believes the communist nation is capable of , and has kept the U.S. , the Korean peninsula and the rest of the world on edge , worried about the possibility of an imminent missile launch . At a House Armed Services Committee hearing on Thursday , Rep. Doug Lamborn , R-Colorado , read from a declassified version of a document in which the Defense Intelligence Agency expresses "  moderate confidence the North currently has nuclear weapons capable of delivery by ballistic missiles , however , the reliability will be low . " But James R. Clapper , director of U.S. national intelligence , quickly shot that assessment down . "  North Korea has not yet demonstrated the full range of capabilities necessary for a nuclear-armed missile . " Still , many issues about North Korea 's nuclear capabilities remain unclear as U.S. officials prepare for a potential missile launch by Pyongyang that they say could come at any time . Here is a look at a few of those questions : ------ 1 . Does North Korea have nuclear weapons ? Likely . North Korea conducted its first underground test of a nuclear weapon in 2006 , as well as two other tests , with the most recent coming in February of this year . Others believe the communist nation is assumed to have already separated enough plutonium for up to 10 warheads . It is unclear , however , if they have developed a way to weaponize or effectively deliver them . A U.S. official who briefed reporters in Seoul said that North Korea "  has demonstrated at least three times now that they can detonate a nuclear weapon . " Still , with fewer than 10 functional nuclear devices -- compared to the more than 7,650 warheads in the U.S. arsenal -- the tiny nation is at the dangerous infancy of becoming a nuclear state . 2 . Has the nuclear device been miniaturized enough to fit atop a missile ? Unclear . Taking a basic nuclear weapon and shrinking it down so it can fit on top of a missile is quite difficult . Many experts have suspected the North Koreans have been working feverishly to do just that , but their success has not been confirmed . Said the same U.S. official : "  miniaturizing a weapon is a very , very difficult task . " Secretary of State John Kerry , responding to the initial DIA assessment , said that "  it is inaccurate to suggest that the DPRK has fully tested , developed or demonstrated capabilities that are articulated in that report . " 3 . Do they have missiles sophisticated enough to deliver a nuclear warhead ? Possibly . The North Koreans are believed to have a host of rockets or missiles , either deployed or in development , that many believe capable of carrying a potential conventional , chemical or nuclear warhead . Their long-range and unconfirmed UNHA 3 rocket has never been tested as a missile , but , with a suspected range of 6,200 miles  10,000 km  , it could possibly reach parts of the western United States . Their intermediate-range TAEPODONG 1 and TAEPODONG X rocket could cover Japan , parts of Russia and Central Asia and some U.S. bases in the Pacific . And their short-range SCUD-D , with a range of about 435 miles  700 km  , would be a threat to South Korea , Japan and China . However , experts say their guidance systems are primitive and their propulsion systems are unstable . But the U.S. official said they have capabilities . "  They have demonstrated that they can launch a three-stage missile . We believe they are continuing to develop putting a nuclear warhead on top of an intercontinental ballistic missile or intermediate-range ballistic missile , " the official said . "  I think it 's premature to say they 've been able to put everything together , from development of a warhead , launching it , getting it to re-enter and actually target something . I think that 's a little premature to say right now . " 4 . If North Korea launches a missile , how will we know if it is carrying a nuclear warhead ? Basically , we wo n't . While U.S. officials said there is "  nothing to indicate " that North Korea can or will place a nuclear warhead atop a missile right now , most experts say it is very difficult to know the warhead and payload of a missile test in advance . That raises the heightened concern that , despite public U.S. proclamations that they would be hesitant to shoot down a North Korean missile launched over the ocean unless it appeared to be heading toward a known land-based target , such a shoot-down is still possible . 5 . Why is it so hard to know full details of North Korea 's nuclear program ? The highly secretive nation -- led by the young , reclusive Kim Jung Un -- has been largely isolated from much of the rest of the world . Subject to strict United Nations sanctions , the country 's primary supporter has been China , to its north and west . Entry into the country is strictly limited and communications -- TV , radio , Internet and even cell phones -- have been tightly controlled by the communist government . And even North Korea 's nuclear capabilities are unclear . Months after North Korea 's latest underground detonation , U.S. intelligence is still unable to determine what material actually exploded -- uranium or other radioactive materials . Mike Chinoy , a former CNN correspondent who has visited North Korea 15 times , said the current confusion about Pyongyang 's capabilities recall a similar episode in 1998 , when U.S. spy satellites discovered an underground complex at Kumchangri , not far from North Korea 's main nuclear facility at Yongbyon . A debate raged inside intelligence communities about whether what the satellites saw was evidence of a burgeoning nuclear reactor , a secret , underground nuclear weapons facility or something else . In the end , the underground complex turned out to be empty , Chinoy noted . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Jethro Mullen , Barbara Starr , Michael Pearson , K.J. Kwon , Tim Schwarz , Kyung Lah , Deirdre Walsh , Judy Kwon , Joe Sterling , Kevin Bohn , Chris Lawrence , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty , Adam Levine and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	With North Korea on the verge of a possible missile launch , questions remain about its capabilities Disclosure of U.S. intelligence hints Pyongyang may be closer to nuclear weapon than previously thought But senior U.S. intelligence leaders quickly refute the intelligence assessment
CNN  Indiana is declaring a public health emergency in one county due to an epidemic of HIV . Gov. Mike Pence issued the order Thursday for Scott County , which has 79 confirmed cases of HIV since mid-December . The county averages about five new cases a year . "  Scott County is facing an epidemic of HIV , but this is not a Scott County problem ; this is an Indiana problem , " Pence said in a news release . All the cases in the current outbreak are linked to injection drug use , primarily of the prescription opioid opana . The declaration requires law enforcement , emergency agencies and health officials to develop a response plan that also includes hospitals and health care providers . A team from the CDC Division of HIV/AIDS Prevention arrived Monday and is working with local and state health officials to stop the outbreak . Their recommendations include a short-term needle exchange program and public awareness campaign focusing on safe sex , needle disposal , addiction services , and HIV testing and treatment . HIV can take up to three months to appear in a person 's system after they are infected . Health officials recommend people who have participated in risky behavior , such as needle sharing and unprotected sex , to be tested for HIV now and again in three months . "  I am confident that together we will stop this HIV outbreak in its tracks , " Pence said .	Seventy nine cases of HIV have been confirmed in Scott County , Indiana All cases are linked to intravenous drug use
CNN  -- Beef from Brazil is on Iranian dinner tables . An Iranian-built hospital treats patients near Bolivia 's capital . Iranian-funded factories dot the Venezuelan countryside . Iran has forged hundreds of agreements with Latin American nations and pledged billions of dollars to fund them . More deals could be in store this week as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad embarks on a trip that starts in Venezuela on Sunday and includes stops in Nicaragua , Cuba and Ecuador . Well before the Iranian leader 's arrival in Caracas , his plans for a Latin America tour grabbed global attention as tensions grow between many Western powers and Iran over the nation 's nuclear program . "  As the regime feels increasing pressure , it is desperate for friends and flailing around in interesting places to find new friends , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Friday . But analysts say Ahmadinejad 's visit is the latest step in a longstanding , calculated effort to shore up support in the region . As Iran strives to improve its image , get around stiffening sanctions , dampen America 's global influence and secure a stronger foothold in the United States ' backyard , relationships with Latin American countries have become increasingly important . Iran 's state-run Press TV described cooperation with Latin American nations as one of the "  top priorities of the Islamic Republic 's foreign policy " in a recent article about this week 's trip . "  Iran has an extremely active diplomatic move afoot , " said Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs in Washington . ` Cultural ties ' Last month , a film portraying the life of Mary and the birth of Jesus from an Islamic point of view beamed out over international airwaves -- in Spanish . The movie was the first program aired on HispanTV , according to a report in the Tehran Times . And the target audience was thousands of miles away from the government-sponsored broadcasting hub in Iran 's capital . At a ceremony marking the station 's official launch last month , HispanTV 's managers said the new Spanish network aims to paint a true picture of Iran and link the Islamic republic with Latin America . Other Spanish-language channels are "  not independent and only serve the interest of the United States and certain allies , " said Mohammed Sarafraz , director of Iranian broadcasting 's world service , according to Press TV . "  It 's all about cultural ties between Iran and the Spanish-speaking community , " network manager Ali Ejaredar told a Press TV reporter . Online previews of upcoming programming include videos showing scenic stretches of the Iranian countryside , bustling marketplaces and Persian calligraphy . An analyst on one program criticizes Western imperialism , saying "  five countries can not decide the destiny of the world . " A guest on another show slams U.S. immigration laws . Spanish-language headlines on the network 's website last week described Israeli spies , foreign intervention in Syria , a report that Japan plans to "  disobey " U.S. sanctions against Iran and an allegation that airport security screening machines in the United States cause death . Stephen Johnson , who directs the Americas program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , compared Iran 's efforts to use the media to improve its image abroad to the U.S.-government-funded Voice of America radio network . "  They 're taking a page out of our playbook , " he said . Despite Iran 's overtures , there are still rifts to overcome , Johnson said . Some high-profile missteps have accompanied Iran 's increasing forays into Latin America , he said . A requirement that female employees wear the hijab at an Iran-funded hospital in El Alto , Bolivia , drew criticism from local officials . Uruguay 's foreign minister condemned statements by an Iranian ambassador who told reporters in the South American country that figures saying that millions died in the Holocaust were false . Last year , Iran received the lowest ranking out of nine countries in the Latinobarometro public opinion survey , based on interviews of more than 20,000 residents in 18 Latin American countries  not including Cuba  . Only 25 % of those surveyed said they viewed Iran as "  good " or "  very good , " while 72 % said they viewed the United States positively . "  I think with Iran , it 's a question of trust as to what are they up to , and what are their nuclear objectives , " Johnson said . Ahmadinejad 's ` direct , personal role ' Experts say Iran has been building relations in Latin America for decades . Cuba was one of the first countries to recognize Iran 's government after the 1979 revolution . Fidel Castro made his first official visit to Iran in 2001 . But efforts to forge new business deals and bolster diplomatic efforts have intensified since Ahmadinejad 's tenure as president began in 2005 . "  He 's presided over a really significant expansion of Iranian ties across Latin America . ... Ahmadinejad himself has played a very direct , personal role in that process , " said Steven Heydemann , who researched Iran 's alliances as part of his work as senior adviser for Middle East initiatives at the United States Institute of Peace . And it 's no coincidence that Venezuela will be Ahmadinejad 's first stop on his trip to the region -- his sixth as president . Despite their cultural differences , the two nations have found significant common ground : both are among the world 's top crude oil exporters , and their leaders have become strong allies united by a fierce opposition to what they view as U.S. imperialism . Even as he announced last week that Ahmadinejad 's visit would go ahead as scheduled , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez slammed the United States , saying that "  tensions in the Persian Gulf have been growing in recent hours because of Yankee pressures , " state-run VTV reported . British warship to deploy to Persian Gulf Venezuela and Iran already have signed more than 270 accords , including trade deals , construction projects , car and tractor factories , energy initiatives and banking programs . Flights began traveling between Caracas and Tehran as the relationship blossomed . In addition to the numerous deals with Iran under his government , the Venezuelan president has helped the Islamic republic forge relationships with other members of the Bolivarian Alliance of the Americas , an eight-nation regional bloc Chavez founded . Ahmadinejad 's visit comes as those countries continue efforts to craft regional trade and political deals without Washington 's influence . "  The countries of Latin America are saying to the world that they have sovereignty and independence . They are not subordinate to the dictates of the international polices of the United States , " said Nicmer Evans , a political science professor at the Central University of Venezuela in Caracas . And now , with the specter of increased U.S. and European sanctions looming , Iran has an even deeper need to reach out , he said . "  The visit by Ahmadinejad to Venezuela and the rest of the countries reinforces on Iran 's part that they are not isolated . They are demonstrating it publicly , " Evans said . On a practical level , analysts say Iran is likely looking for financial options . "  It 's clear that Iran is being really hammered by the sanctions , and I think that what they 're really looking for in Latin America is to develop ways to blunt the effects of the sanctions , particularly with the establishment of financial institutions that will allow them to move their money , " said Doug Farah , a senior fellow at the International Assessment and Strategy Center . Washington 's worries But when it comes to Iran , the U.S. State Department says there is no room for new deals . "  We are making absolutely clear to countries around the world that now is not the time to be deepening ties -- not security ties , not economic ties -- with Iran , " Nuland , the department 's spokeswoman , told reporters Friday . Officials in the United States and other Western nations have ratcheted up sanctions against Iran several times since a November report by the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said the Iranian government was developing the technology needed to build a nuclear weapon . Last month , U.S. President Barack Obama announced sanctions against Iran 's central bank . Iran : Nuclear reactor is weeks from operating at full capacity Several Venezuelan institutions have also faced U.S. sanctions for dealings with Iran . Venezuela 's state oil company , PdVSA , faced U.S. sanctions last year over fuel shipments to Iran . And the U.S. Department of the Treasury sanctioned an Iranian-owned bank in Caracas in 2008 . Some U.S. government officials and Washington analysts allege that Iran could be using new business relationships and energy deals with Latin American countries as a cover for more illicit projects , such as training Hezbollah militants and developing nuclear weapons . "  Iran and its Bolivarian allies  Venezuela , Bolivia , Nicaragua and Ecuador  in Latin America are systematically engaged in a pattern of financial behavior , recruitment exercises and business activities that are not economically rational and could be used for the movement and/or production of  weapons of mass destruction  and the furthering of Iran 's stated aim of avoiding international sanctions on its nuclear program , " Farah wrote in a May 2011 report for the U.S. Defense Department . Latin American leaders have repeatedly stressed that any partnerships with Iran have peaceful purposes . Venezuelan officials made light of U.S. worries in a government statement describing one new Venezuela-Iran partnership in 2008 : "  atomic " bicycles made at a new national factory . "  The bicycles are known as ` atomic , ' in an ironic sense , as a response to the United States ' constant attacks of Venezuela for its exchanges with Iran and the supposed transfer of uranium from our country to the Islamic nation , " Venezuela 's information ministry said in a statement accompanied by photos of Chavez riding one of the bikes outside the factory . Smoke and mirrors ? The realities of the relationships between Iran and its Latin American allies are difficult to decipher , analysts say , because despite the large number of agreements trumpeted , information about the projects is often hard to come by . "  Half of them evaporate . They simply are forgotten . They do n't become operational , " said Birns of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs . Heydemann , of the United States Institute of Peace , said some of the deals may be "  smoke and mirrors . " "  There 's often a lot less happening than the volume of activity would lead you to believe . But it is the case that we have seen these substantial increases in trade relations . ... That 's not an illusion , " he said . With so many unanswered questions , U.S. officials will be keeping a close eye on this week 's trip , said Johnson , of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  It 's not an existential threat to the United States , " he said , "  but Iran 's activities  in Latin America  are something that they 're watching because of what they could develop into , not because of what they necessarily are today . There 's a lot we do n't know about them . " Journalist Osmary Hernandez in Caracas and CNN 's Gustavo Gonzalez and Arthur Brice in Atlanta contributed to this report .	President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad begins a four-nation Latin America tour The trip is the latest step in a longstanding effort to shore up support in the region Analyst : "  Iran has an extremely active diplomatic move afoot " Iran recently launched a Spanish-language television network
CNN  -- Iran 's top human rights official said the Islamic regime is reviewing a sentence of execution by stoning for a woman convicted of adultery . "  Sentences such as stoning will be closely reviewed and probably changed , " Mohammad Javad Larijani told Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency . Larijani was referring to the well-publicized case of Sakineh Mohammedie Ashtiani , who faces the possibility of execution after being convicted in 2006 of adultery . Her lawyer , Mohommad Mostafaei , told CNN that Ashtiani confessed to the crime after being subjected to 99 lashes . She later recanted that confession and has denied wrongdoing , he said . Her conviction was based not on evidence but on the determination of three out of five judges , he added . She has asked forgiveness from the court but the judges refused to grant clemency . Iran 's supreme court upheld the conviction in 2007 . Ashtiani 's case has drawn international attention and many human rights activists have called for the sentence to be changed . In London , England on Saturday , protesters waved flags and chanted anti-government slogans to the beat of a drum in front of the Iranian Embassy . They condemned executions in Iran -- by hanging and stoning . "  Stop the hanging in Iran -- now , now , now . Stop the stoning in Iran -- now , now , now . " But Larijani said protests from outside Iran will not affect Ashtiani 's case . "  The Western attacks have no effect on the opinion of our judges , " he told the news agency . Larijani 's comments seemed to contradict Iran 's first public statement on the case made Thursday by the Iranian Embassy in London , England , which suggested Ashtiani would not be stoned . It said "  this mission denies the false news aired in this respect and ... according to information from the relevant judicial authorities in Iran , she will not be executed by stoning punishment . "  It is notable that this kind of punishment has rarely been implemented in Iran and various means and remedies must be probed and exhausted to finally come up with such a punishment , " the embassy said . Ashtiani 's son , who appealed Wednesday to Iran 's courts to spare his mother 's life , said he wo n't accept any decision short of his mother 's freedom . Through human rights activist Mina Ahadi , Sajjad Mohammedie Ashtiani said she would be satisfied only when Iran 's judiciary officially drops the charges against her . Ahadi has told CNN that only an international campaign designed to pressure the Islamic regime in Tehran could save Sakineh Ashtiani 's life . "  Legally , it 's all over , " said Ahadi , who heads the International Committee Against Stoning and the Death Penalty , earlier this week . Ashtiani 's son wrote in an open letter to government officials that there was neither evidence nor legal grounds for his mother 's conviction and sentence . He said the family has traveled six times from their home in Tabriz to Tehran to speak with Iranian officials , but in vain . "  So I have no option but reaching out to them this way , " he said earlier in the week . Why , he asked , has an accused been twice prosecuted on the same charge when Islamic criminal law allows prosecution only once ? Sajjad Ashtiani told CNN that he visits his mother every Monday in jail , never knowing whether that meeting will be their last .	Sakineh Mohammadie Ashtiani was convicted of adultery She was sentenced to be stoned to death Her son has been fighting to save her life Earlier , Iranian statement said she would not be stoned
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Philip is continuing to make progress and respond well to treatment for the recurrence of a bladder infection , Buckingham Palace said Friday . Philip , the husband of Queen Elizabeth II , was admitted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary in Scotland on Wednesday . Doctors have suggested the Duke of Edinburgh gets some rest , so there will be no visitors Friday , palace officials said , but the family are in constant touch with him by telephone . The 91-year-old , who first suffered the problem in June , fell ill again as he was staying at the royal residence in Balmoral , Scotland , where the queen traditionally spends part of the summer . The palace said he had been taken to the hospital as a precautionary measure and was likely to be kept in for several days . It is the third time Philip has been hospitalized in the past eight months . Before the bladder infection , which he initially contracted during events marking the queen 's diamond jubilee , he spent four nights in a hospital over the Christmas holiday last year for treatment of a blocked coronary artery . However , he appeared in good form early this week as he fulfilled several engagements on the Isle of Wight , off the south coast of England . Philip 's next scheduled public appearance is alongside the queen as she opens the London 2012 Paralympic Games on August 29 . He appeared by her side at the opening ceremony for the Olympic Games at the end of July and accompanied her on a visit to the Olympic Park as the events got under way . It has been a particularly busy year for the queen and Duke of Edinburgh because of the many events held to celebrate her diamond jubilee . Addressing Parliament in March , the queen paid tribute to her husband as "  a constant strength and guide " throughout her long reign . The longest-serving consort in British history , Philip married then-Princess Elizabeth in November 1947 at Westminster Abbey . Born the prince of Greece and Denmark on the Greek island of Corfu in 1921 , Philip left Greece with his family when he was 18 months old after King Constantine was forced to abdicate the throne following a revolution . The family moved to Paris and then to England in 1928 . Philip also went to school in Germany . Philip renounced his Greek title when he became a naturalized British subject in 1947 .	Prince Philip is continuing to make progress after two nights in hospital , palace officials say Doctors have advised that he has no visitors Friday to allow him to rest The 91-year-old has been hospitalized three times in the past eight months
CNN  -- Sierra Leone lifted Sunday a nationwide lockdown , which had been put in place to help stop the spread of Ebola . Under the plan , no one was allowed to leave their homes for three days , allowing volunteers to go door-to-door educating people on the deadly virus . More than 75 % of the targeted 1.5 million households were contacted , according to the Health Ministry . "  The EOC  Emergency Operations Center  has officially ended the three day stay at home , but the Social Mobilization exercise will continue in those communities that have been identified as hot spots across the country , " it said in a statement . The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history has killed at least 2,600 people in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- the countries most affected by the virus -- since the first case was documented in December . The virus is spread through contact with bodily fluids , and early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . The virus is named after the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo  formerly Zaire  , where one of the first outbreaks occurred in 1976 . INTERACTIVE : Life inside the Ebola outbreak CNN 's Faith Karimi , Chelsea J. Carter and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	More than 75 % of the targeted 1.5 million households were contacted , officials say Under the lockdown , no one was allowed to leave their homes for three days The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history has killed at least 2,600 people
LONE GROVE , Oklahoma  CNN  -- A scene of devastation emerged Wednesday as circling helicopters broadcast images of housing developments smashed by tornadoes and severe storms that killed at least eight people in south-central Oklahoma Tuesday . Rescue personnel search for potential trapped victims Wednesday in Lone Grove , Oklahoma . Storms ripped roofs off several homes and left twisted metal and other debris scattered across the area . Firefighters and emergency personnel were working with distressed residents . "  It just happened really quickly . The sky darkened up and turned really , really green , " truck driver Bruce Mundy told CNN from a truck stop in Oklahoma City early Wednesday morning . Watch aerial footage of destruction " "  It was just , like , one after another . As soon as you get calmed down there were more , " he said . The storms had moved out of the state Wednesday morning after at least three tornadoes touched down in central and southern Oklahoma Tuesday , the National Weather Service said Wednesday . The one that hit Lone Grove at about 7:30 p.m. had an intensity of EF4 and winds of around 170 mph . The Enhanced Fujita scale measures the intensity of a tornado and its wind speeds based on the type of damage caused and rates it between EF0 and EF5 . The first tornado , which hit Edmond between 2:30 p.m. and 3 p.m. , had an intensity ranging between EF0 and EF2 , the NWS said . The service has not been able to determine an intensity for another tornado that hit near Langston about an hour later . In the aftermath of the storms , authorities acknowledged a heavy task ahead as emergency personnel and private citizens began the cleanup effort . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share photos , video "  We 're just trying to get stuff in people 's hands , " store owner Matt Wilson told CNN while handing out pry bars and flashlights to residents at his hardware store in Lone Grove , where heavy damage occurred . "  But just about all of Lone Grove is without power . " View a map of where tornadoes touched down " Lone Grove , near the Texas line about 90 miles south of the capital , Oklahoma City , had all of the fatalities and most of the approximately 50 injuries caused by the storms , according to the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management . Watch funnel cloud touch down " Also hit hard by the storms were the towns of Pawnee and Edmond , both north of the capital . Dramatic television footage of one storm showed large funnel clouds that darkened the sky as the storm approached . It mangled homes , snapped trees and crushed cars with debris as it touched down . Watch town where tornado leveled buildings " "  The wind started blowing really hard and then died down , " a Lone Grove man told CNN affiliate KOCO-TV . Then , "  all heck broke loose . I mean , it just broke loose . The whole house shook . " Donetta Singleton , manager of Bill 's Fish House in Lone Grove , said one tornado 's path took it right past the restaurant . She said the post office was gone and a church was damaged . Lone Grove police said a trailer park was hit . Watch post-tornado damage " Mercy Memorial Health Center in Ardmore , about eight miles east of Lone Grove , received 46 people with injuries -- seven considered major -- after the storms passed , said Shana Hammond , a hospital spokeswoman . About 6,000 OG&E customers are without power , including nearly 3,500 in Lone Grove , according to a statement released by the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management on Wednesday . CNN 's Robyn Sidersky contributed to this report .	NEW : Cleanup begins after tornadoes reaching 170 mph tear through Oklahoma Storms rip off roofs , scatter sheets of metal , other debris Hardest hit is Lone Grove , about 90 miles south of the capital , Oklahoma City Resident says post office is gone and a church is damaged
I had to act . A frail 18-year-old Syrian refugee girl had pleaded : "  Why have you abandoned us ? " Her apartment in Homs , Syria , had been bombed , her family made homeless , her wheelchair-bound sister thrown out on to the streets with no shelter and no food but also no medical help and no schooling for the girls . I discovered that before the civil war the girl excelled in sport and chess , had led a youth group and sang with her church choir . Now she had lost her home and her school , and she was rapidly losing hope . She had written in a private letter : "  Everything is lost . I feel like I should show you so you will believe me . " And so because of recognition from the Syrian supporters in a school in Wales , she was offered the chance of a scholarship to study in the UK . She has now been here for six months and is thriving . She works hard because she dreams that one day she can return and make a difference to her war-ravaged country . Today , UNHCR figures show there are 3 million Syrian children displaced by the conflict , more than 1 million of whom have had to flee their country in what is now a disaster of biblical proportions . Some years from now the world will look back and ask why so many of us did so little , faced with a catastrophe that has made more people permanently homeless than in the world 's worst recent natural disasters , like the Asian tsunami of 2004 and the Haiti earthquake of 2010 . Of the 1 million exiled Syrian children , almost half of them in beleaguered Lebanon , and the mantra of 50 of the world 's top anti-poverty advocacy groups and international institutions is simple . "  Education can not wait . " On best estimates they are likely to spend 10 years in camps or temporary shelters . They need food not only when starving , shelter when destitute , medical drugs when faced with the risk of polio . They also need hope -- hope that there is a future worth preparing for . If they are not to lose their childhoods -- a loss that can never be replaced -- the one way to deliver hope is by ensuring they can resume their education . Amid the chaos there is a plan , a plan conceived in Britain . It puts existing Lebanese schools on double shifts -- starting earlier and finishing later to give more lessons for more pupils -- and offers all 435,000 refugees spread across the country the chance of formal education . The annual cost is $ 400 dollars per pupil which is cost-effective because we do not have to create new facilities . Proof that the double shift system works , albeit on a smaller scale , can be found in a north Lebanese village called Akroum . In a unique effort volunteer Syrian teachers , local Lebanese school heads and a small Scottish charity called Edinburgh Direct Aid , are operating the local school on a timeshare basis outside of normal school hours . Almost immediately boys and girls who have fled from burnt-down and bombed schools and who were a few weeks ago child laborers or even beggars have started to recover their lost childhood and now have hope that there is something to live for . The country-wide Lebanese plan can be operational within weeks . And what has been achieved for a few hundred children in Akroum can be now achieved for all 435,000 Syrian child refugees in Lebanon -- if we urgently adopt the plan . My frustration is that an idea conceived eight months ago , negotiated with the Lebanese Prime Minister six months ago and the subject of two in-depth reports -- one by the respected Overseas Development Institute and another by UNICEF and UNHCR -- is still sitting on a table waiting implementation while children spend a winter walking the streets begging , some now trafficked into prostitution and some even forced into marriage as child brides . This week the Lebanese prime minister , Najib Azmi Mikati , travels to London to make a plea for his nation and its people . One of the world 's smallest countries , Lebanon has been left to shoulder the biggest burden of the crisis and it is unable to cope without international support . Almost 25 % of its entire population are now Syrian refugees . It is the equivalent of 15 million refugees arriving on the shores of the United Kingdom . The U.S. , Norway , Denmark and the UAE have backed the plan , which would cost $ 195 million dollars a year to secure schooling for the 435,000 children . Now with 50 of the world 's top international aid agencies making an urgent plea , today all countries with aid budgets should come on board . An important principle is at stake . More than 100 years ago , the Red Cross established the principle that the right to health care transcends borders . Now we can establish that even in war zones children can learn . Some good can yet emerge out of the ruins .	More than 400,000 Syrian children have fled to Lebanon to avoid the civil war A new scheme extends school hours in Lebanon so more children can be educated Gordon Brown is urging governments with aid budgets to help fund the initiative
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Japanese scientists have produced clones of mice that have been dead and frozen for 16 years -- a feat that could lead researchers to one day resurrect long-extinct species , such as the mammoth . Dolly was cloned using cells from live animals . Now scientists believe they can resurrect extinct species . Until now , scientists have only been able to produce clones using cells from live animals . This is how researchers created Dolly the Sheep , the first mammal to be cloned from an adult animal . Researchers had thought that frozen cells were unusable because ice crystals would have damaged the DNA . That belief would rule out the possibility of resurrecting extinct animals from their frozen remains . But the latest research -- published in the journal , Proceedings for the National Academy of Sciences -- shows that scientists may have overcome the obstacle . Researchers at the Riken Center for Developmental Biology in Kobe , Japan , used cells from mice that had been frozen for 16 years at -20 Celsius  -4 degrees Fahrenheit  . They extracted the nucleus and injected it into eggs whose DNA had been removed . Several steps later , the scientists were able to clone the mice . "  This is the first time a mammal has been cloned from a sample stored at conditions reasonably close to what might be expected in permafrost , " Teruhiko Wakayama , who led the study , said in a statement . "  It  gives some hope for those who might seek to clone extinct species from frozen carcasses . "	Japanese scientists produce clones of mice dead and frozen for 16 years Feat could lead researchers to resurrect long-extinct species , like mammoth Researchers used cells from mice that were frozen for 16 years at -20 Celsius
CNN Student News  -- December 17 , 2013 Making headlines on CNN Student News today : flooding in Gaza , a ruling against NSA spying , CTE in a former Major Leaguer , and a robotics purchase by an Internet company . We also include a character study that 's emblematic of the Christmas season . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Are viewers influenced by news stories about a person 's good deeds ? If so , to what extent ? If not , why not ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Gaza 2 . CTE 3 . layaway Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Describe the current situation in Gaza . How has a natural disaster impacted people in the region ? 2 . Who was Ryan Freel ? What implications might Freel 's CTE diagnosis have for other athletes ? 3 . What did a judge recently rule regarding the NSA 's secret collection of Americans ' phone data ? Why is this significant ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion of a judge 's ruling regarding an NSA spying program ? What do you think will be the next legal steps concerning the NSA ? 2 . What may be some uses for the bipedal and four-legged robots seen in the video ? What is your opinion of Google 's robotics company purchases ? What might be the benefits and risks for Google in buying eight robotics companies ? Do you think this could affect how and what robotics technology is developed ? Explain . 3 . What was your reaction to the story about a shopper paying for other people 's layaway items ? What are some other stories you 've heard of in which people helped others during the holidays ? If you could do something nice for someone else , what action would you take ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , D.C. FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
When Raju the elephant was rescued after being shackled and abused for five decades , the story and picture of him "  crying " went viral . His rescuers say he apparently cried first while he was still in his captor 's custody . His rescuers describe the tears as "  gushes of liquid " coming out of his eyes , pouring down both cheeks . They say he looked like he was in a lot of pain . "  It was a very emotional moment for us , because we 've never seen an elephant cry like that , " says Kartick Satyanarayan , co-founder of Wildlife SOS . "  He was weeping . " The rescue occured in Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh state , on July 4 . Video and images were published three days later and have since registered well over a million views on YouTube . Even though a team of 10 wildlife experts and 30 enforcement officers were involved in Raju 's rescue , it took eight hours to free the malnourished elephant . Satyanarayan says the shackles , laden with spikes , were tied so tightly around Raju 's wounded legs that after they unchained him , he cried again . This time , they appeared to be tears of joy . "  I do n't know how scientific this is , but it seemed like he understood that we were there to help him , " Satyanarayan said . Different owners , repeated cruelty It is not known whether elephants can cry , but experts say they 're known to be emotional animals . But Raju 's story goes far beyond the tears he shed , whether of pain or joy ; it puts the spotlight on a much larger animal-rights issue in India . Raju 's rescuers believe he was poached soon after he was born , and that he was sold again and again . He may have had up to 27 owners . They believe Raju was beaten severely , and say the weapons used against him look like they belong in a torture chamber . He was even speared . The idea was to "  show the elephant who is boss , " says Geeta Seshamani , another Wildlife SOS co-founder . Raju was forced to work as a "  begging prop " -- on the side of the road , at temples -- and sometimes was rented out for weddings and other celebrations . All the while , his rescuers allege , he was kept in line with beatings and starvation . Tradition is a huge obstacle It is illegal to trade or commercially exploit elephants in India , but the practice is common . Since 2011 , India-based Wildlife SOS has rescued 11 elephants subjected to torture . They 've also rescued thousands of captive bears , leopards and monkeys . Still , there are more than 3,000 elephants still living in captivity in India . Seshamani says the biggest challenge is changing the people 's mindset ; tradition is a grounds for justifying every kind of cruelty against captive elephants . The animals have been used in Indian weddings as a vehicle for the groom . They also are kept in temples as representations of the Hindu elephant god Ganesh . "  It is ironic that Indians worship the elephant god , the monkey god ... but when it comes to protecting animals , the majority do n't understand , " Satyanarayan says . And , in a country of 1.2 billion people , many of whom live in poverty , animal rights have yet to become a priority . Raju is now healing from his wounds and getting care among the other rescued elephants . A veterinarian said an elephant Raju 's age and size should weigh between 4,500 and 4,800 kilos  around 5 tons  , but Raju is only half that weight . While many of the elephants can move around freely , experts say it will take years for Raju to learn to accept the kindness of human beings . But for now , at last , he 's free . To learn more about wildlife rescue in India , or to help Raju , visit www.wildlifesos.org .	Images of Raju the elephant , who appeared to cry upon being freed , went viral Whether elephants can cry is unknown , but they 're known to show emotion Wildlife SOS has rescued a few Asian elephants ; thousands remain in captivity Tradition , low priority for animal rights are major obstacles in India , rescuers say
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Somalia 's top militant group may soon counter the government 's recent thrust against them with an offensive of their own . African Union intelligence sources say Al-Shabaab is massing hundreds of troops in the African nation 's embattled capital of Mogadishu for a show of force during the Muslim month of Ramadan , which begins Monday . The sources said Al-Shabaab received a shipment of weapons by sea in preparation for this offensive . They believe that Al-Shabaab allies in Yemen shipped the items across the Red Sea to Somalia . Ramadan is a period of fasting and religious reflection . Islamic radicals have chosen the period to carry out attacks against their enemies during the holy month . Fighting has intensified this summer as Somali government forces -- backed by troops from the African Union -- have battled insurgents from the militant Al-Shabaab . Somali government forces on Thursday launched an offensive on Islamist strongholds in northern Mogadishu . The U.N. refugee agency on Friday expressed concerns about "  the protection of civilians " in Mogadishu amid the fighting . But African Union forces said the offensive was launched to counter Al-Shabaab attacks on displaced persons camps . "  An offensive on Thursday by pro-government forces in and around the important Bakara and Balcad markets has increased the risk for Mogadishu 's citizens as well as the estimated 100,000 internally displaced people  IDP  who have fled drought and famine in neighbouring regions in recent months , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . Since September , African Union forces said they have steadily been taking territory in the capital from Al-Shabaab . The fighting comes also as Somalia is battling its worst drought in 60 years and tens of thousands of famine-stricken people are walking for days into both Kenya and Ethiopia in search of food and water and away from the conflict between government forces and rebels . The United Nations on Friday said it is asking for a further $ 1.4 billion to help starving people across the Horn of Africa . The request lifts the Horn of Africa appeal to $ 2.4 billion , of which $ 1 billion has been received so far . "  More than 12 million people -- in Kenya , Ethiopia , Somalia and Djibouti -- are in dire need of help , and the situation is getting worse , " said Valerie Amos , U.N. Emergency Relief Coordinator and head of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . "  If we are to avoid this crisis becoming an even bigger catastrophe , we must act now . " Meanwhile , Erastus Mwencha , the African Union Commission deputy chief , visited Mogadishu to assess the humanitarian situation and announced an international pledging conference August 9 in Ethiopia . The African Union has already donated $ 500,000 of assistance in the famine .	NEW : The African Union announces a pledging conference for famine relief AU sources says Al-Shabaab got a shipment of weapons by sea The government forces launched an offensive on Thursday The U.N. has issued another appeal for aid money
CNN Student News  -- October 21 , 2013 CNN Student News begins the week with a report on wildfires in Australia , and we discuss the challenges that refugees face after fleeing violence in Syria . We also explore a dispute between a university and many of its football players . Plus , we check out a flying car , and we share the history of a violin that fetched a Titanic record at auction . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Can media coverage of refugees in another country impact the refugees themselves ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? Why might a news organization choose to tell their story ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . wildfire 2 . R.M.S. Titanic 3 . aerodynamics Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the report , about how many registered Syrian refugees are there ? What do CNN reporters say about the refugees ' living conditions and potential outlook ? 2 . Why did Grambling State University 's football team forfeit a recent game ? 3 . What 's the story behind a violin that was recently auctioned for $ 1.7 million in England ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What resources might Syrian refugees need ? Where do you think these resources might come from ? How might a refugee camp impact a surrounding area ? Under what circumstances might a refugee know that it 's safe to return home ? 2 . What are your thoughts on the protests by football players at Grambling State University ? In your view , what should be the next steps taken by the players and by university officials ? Explain . 3 . What might be the pros and cons of owning a flying car versus owning both a car and a plane ? Do you think that flying cars could become popular in the near future ? Would you want to own the vehicle seen in the report ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Australia Asia Syria FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Billings , Montana  CNN  -- His lenient sentence and the judge 's comments about his victim sparked national outrage and protests . On Thursday , Stacey Rambold , an admitted rapist , will be released from incarceration after just 31 days . The former high school teacher is set to walk out of the Montana State Prison in Deer Lodge at 9 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  . He wo n't be a free man exactly ; he 's on probation for the next 14 years , 11 months . The victim 's mother is hopeful that will change . "  Judge G. Todd Baugh  made a mistake and I 'm disappointed ,  31  days , that 's outrageous , but the Montana Supreme Court stepped in . Hopefully they 'll make it right , " said Auliea Hanlon , whose daughter , Cherice Moralez , committed suicide before Rambold went to trial . Prosecutors have appealed the sentence -- saying it is illegal -- to the high court . Before suicide , raped Montana teen loved outdoors , poetry Activists file formal judicial complaint On Tuesday , the Montana and Pennsylvania chapters of the National Organization for Women and an activist group called Ultraviolet filed a complaint with a judicial review board , CNN affiliate KULR reported . More than 140,000 people signed accompanying petitions , the groups said . "  If we ca n't get him removed from this , there is something wrong with the system , and I know people in the state will work to not get  Baugh  re-elected  next year  , " said Marian Bradley , president of Montana NOW . The case drew widespread attention when Baugh imposed a one-month sentence on Rambold and made controversial comments about the victim , saying she "  seemed older than her chronological age " and she was "  as much in control of the situation . " Rambold admitted raping the girl in 2008 while she was 14 and he was her teacher at her high school . Moralez took her life shortly before her 17th birthday . The judge later apologized for his comments , and earlier this month tried to revisit his sentence . But the state Supreme Court barred him from a new ruling , saying he did n't have the legal standing to change a sentence . Baugh said he did n't realize at first that the minimum sentence should have been two years . Baugh 's secretary said Wednesday the judge had no comment on Rambold 's release . Hanlon told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that she wants to avoid Rambold . "  I never saw him until we were in a courtroom all those years , " she said . "  I hope I never see him  again  . " Defense attorney Jay Lansing had no comment on the case , but has said his client contends the sentence imposed is lawful and appropriate . The legal process With Cherice 's death , the prosecution entered into what is known as a "  deferred prosecution agreement " with Rambold . This meant that all charges against Rambold -- who admitted to one of the rape charges -- would be dismissed if he completed a sex-offender treatment program and met other requirements . One of them was to have no contact with children . But the ex-teacher fell short of the agreement and prosecutors asked Baugh last month to sentence him to 20 years . Baugh ruled Rambold 's infractions were n't serious enough . "  He made some violations of his treatment program , " the judge said . "  They were more technical and not the kind you would send someone to prison for . " Hanlon said the pain of her daughter 's death has n't faded . "  I think we just get used to it , so we do n't cry every day , " she said , but the tears still came . Opinion : In Montana , a case study in rape culture CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Stacey Rambold admitted to raping 14-year-old Cherice Moralez She committed suicide before he went to trial Rambold was sentenced to 31 days in prison -- plus 14 years , 11 months probation Judge 's ruling is being appealed by prosecutors , who say two years is the minimum sentence
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's lawyer accuses prosecutors of leaking details of her case to TMZ , which he says resulted in "  an inaccurate report " about where the actress will go for rehab . Mark Heller , who is himself being investigated for alleged witness tampering in Lohan 's probation violation case , called for an investigation of the Santa Monica and Los Angeles city attorneys . "  It 's horrible , because Lindsay Lohan or any defendant should be able to feel that their privacy is being protected , " Heller told CNN on Wednesday after TMZ reported Lohan would check into the Seafield Center in Westhampton Beach , New York , for her court-mandated 90 days of substance abuse rehabilitation next month . "  It impacts the integrity of the legal system in California , " said Heller , a New York lawyer . That information was included in a "  personal and confidential " e-mail he sent to the two prosecutors , Heller said . "  Since I 'm the only one who communicated that , it more or less would have to be that one of the two prosecutors would be their source , " he said . "  A source tells me it may result in the launch of a major investigation in California to ascertain where all these leaks and breaches of confidentiality are emanating from , " Heller said . A spokesman for the Los Angeles city attorney declined to comment , and the Santa Monica prosecutor was in court and unavailable to respond . "  Think how it impacts the facility , and the people in the facility who go to the facility to get treatment and , lo and behold , 100 paparazzi show up at the front gate and impair the privacy , " he said . Lohan , 26 , was ordered to spend 90 days in rehab as an alternative to 90 days in jail for her "  no contest " pleas to lying to police about a car crash , reckless driving and violating her probation for a shoplifting conviction . "  It shocks me that I learn about what 's going on in this case from the Internet more quickly than I do from the prosecutors , " Heller said . "  These Internet facilities are running amok , and they are violating rights and they are perverting our judicial system . " "  Lindsay Lohan is the victim , " he said . "  She should be afforded some sort of privacy . " Santa Monica police are investigating Heller for suspicion of asking Lohan 's personal assistant , who was in the car with the actress when she was involved in a car crash last June , to lie in his testimony by saying he had control of the Porsche when it crashed into a dump truck , a source close to the investigation told CNN last month . The Santa Monica city attorney asked the city 's police to investigate , according to the source , who asked not to be identified since the source is not authorized to discuss it with news media . "  I can sum it up in one word : ridiculous , " Heller said when asked for a comment last month . "  What can I tell you ? " Lohan , just ahead of the premiere of "  Scary Movie 5 , " in which she appears with Charlie Sheen , paid a visit to David Letterman 's CBS show Tuesday . "  We never thought we 'd see you again , honestly , because of the jokes and stuff , " Letterman told her . "  But you have enough spine , enough sense of yourself , enough poise to come out here and talk to me . " Lohan joked with Letterman about her criminal history , but also got serious about her upcoming rehab stay . "  I think this is an opportunity for me to focus on what I love in life , " she said . "  I do n't think it 's a bad thing , I think it 's a blessing . " Lohan tears up talking to Letterman	Mark Heller : TMZ source "  would have to be " one of the two prosecutors "  It impacts the integrity of the legal system in California , " Heller says Santa Monica police are investigating Heller on suspicion of witness tampering Lohan enters rehab next month
CNN  -- Yani Tseng 's two-year reign at the top of women 's golf is over . Five-time major winner Tseng has been at the top of the Rolex World Rankings since February 2011 , but the Taiwanese star has finally been usurped by American Stacy Lewis . Lewis produced an eight-under-par final round of 64 to clinch the Founders Cup in Phoenix Arizona , just two weeks after winning the HSBC Women 's Champions event in Singapore . The Ohio native is only the second U.S. player to occupy the coveted berth after Cristie Kerr also reached the top in June 2010 . Lewis clawed back a three-stroke deficit to Japan 's Ai Miyazato to eventually finish three shots ahead of the former world No. 1 . The final round 's 16th hole proved decisive , with Miyazato slipping and allowing Lewis to take control . "  It 's awesome , " Lewis told the LPGA Tour 's official website when asked about the win . "  I played great today . Myself and Ai we just went back and forth all day ; she was making putts , I was making putts . "  I was certainly surprised she finished the way she did , but to make those two putts I did on 16 and 17 was pretty unbelievable and I 'm just really speechless . " If Lewis ' fightback at the Wildfire Golf Club journey was stirring , it is nothing compared to the story of her rise to the top . A decade ago the 2011 Kraft Nabisco Championship winner underwent surgery for scoliosis , following a childhood plagued by back problems . "  Yeah , it 's almost 10 years ago I was having surgery , I was going into surgery to put a rod and five screws in my back , " added Lewis . "  That 's not normal , that 's not supposed to happen . I mean , I 'm not really supposed to be here . "  I know that there 's a reason and I know that everything happens for a reason . Every setback you have along the way , everything good that happens , it all happens for a reason . "  I could n't have dreamed the kid growing up wearing a back brace 18 hours a day that is the No. 1 player in the world . I do n't know , I do n't know what to say . " Lewis is the seventh player to top the rankings . Tseng , Kerr , Miyazato , Mexico 's Lorena Ochoa , Sweden 's Annika Sorenstam and Jiyay Shin of South Korea are the only other golfers to have held the distinction .	Stacy Lewis is the new women 's world No. 1 after winning Founders Cup Lewis is only the seventh player to occupy the position and the second American Lewis underwent back surgery for scoliosis 10 years ago Previous No. 1 Yani Tseng had topped the rankings for 109 weeks
Washington  CNN  -- Forty-three Transportation Security Administration workers in Florida are facing disciplinary action for not performing additional screening on random carry-on bags and passengers , according to TSA spokesman David Castelveter . It happened over two months last year at Southwest Florida International Airport in Fort Myers . Castelveter said 300 to 400 randomly selected people and their bags should have been given a secondary screening after passing through the initial security checkpoint but were not . All passengers received the initial screening . About 3.8 million passengers were screened last year at the airport . How much do we really hate the TSA ? Castelveter said the incident was reported by TSA employees and identified in an internal investigation . "  TSA holds all of its employees to the highest professional and ethical standards and has a zero tolerance for misconduct in the workplace , " he said in a statement . "  Accountability is an important aspect of our work and TSA takes prompt and appropriate action with any employee who does not follow our procedures and engages in misconduct . " Under TSA labor rules , five workers face firing and 38 others may receive two-week suspensions , Castelveter said . TSA agents have been brought in from other locations to ensure passenger safety , he said . One congressional critic of the TSA said the incident is another in a string of TSA lapses . "  Recent meltdowns such as those in New York , Newark , Palm Beach , Honolulu , Charlotte and Los Angeles have become familiar , " Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , said in a statement . "  For example , TSA recommended firing 36 employees in Honolulu for improperly screening luggage , and 12 others in Charlotte  North Carolina  for similar reasons . In Newark , a total of 10 workers were fired or suspended for theft or sleeping on the job . "	43 workers from Fort Meyers airport face firing or suspension TSA says workers failed to rescreen randomly selected passengers TSA employees reported the problem , spokesman says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The four members of Alice in Chains are always amazed every time someone says , "  Wow , you guys sound like Alice in Chains ! " New member William DuVall belts out a tune for Alice in Chains . The pioneering grunge band has just released "  Black Gives Way to Blue " -- its first studio album since singer Layne Staley died from a heroin and cocaine overdose in 2002 -- and fans are understandably playing a game of compare and contrast . With his scruffy blond goatee and pain-laced baritone , Staley may have been the face and voice of Alice in Chains , but in many ways , guitarist Jerry Cantrell has been the unsung heart of it , writing much of the band 's catalogue and singing half of the droning harmonies that would become group 's trademark . These days , when Cantrell shares the mic with new vocalist William DuVall , the blend is uncannily familiar . DuVall 's voice can sound eerily like Staley 's , but instead of being borne of desperation , it suggests a certain soulfulness that becomes more apparent on live acoustic tracks . Watch DuVall blend his talents with the band " We caught up with DuVall and Cantrell , along with bassist Mike Inez and drummer Sean Kinney , as they shot the video for their current single , "  Check My Brain , " on a Hollywood soundstage . The song is currently No. 1 on both Billboard 's Rock Chart and Alternative Chart . CNN : Will , you 're stepping into some big shoes there with this Alice in Chains legacy . Jerry Cantrell : He 's got his own big shoes . William DuVall : Size 13 , baby ! CNN : But there had to have been some soul-searching when you took this job . DuVall : It 's not as though it happened out of the blue There 's a back story to this process that predates the 2006 touring that sort of began this whole thing . I 've known Jerry almost 10 years now . We 've admired one another 's work for a long time . There 's a friendship here . It 's actually not too unlike what probably happened to them when they first started the band back in the late '80s . Friendships develop , and then you start creating music together . So all this stuff developed very naturally . There was never a point where we drew a line and said , "  Now here is where the resurrection begins ! " So there was n't any baggage attached to it . CNN : People like a good comeback story -- but at the same time , you have some fans who are saying , "  How dare you go on without Layne . " Cantrell : Well , you can listen to those old records and we 'll make some new ones . They 're there ! We 're lucky to have a pretty strong core audience that has kind of been with us through thick and thin , and that 's cool . We 're not really for everybody , and that 's fine with us . It 's nice to have an opinion about it , but all that stuff happened to us for real . It 's really our life . So for us to come through that type of adversity , and for us to stand up , I think is a pretty heroic thing and I 'm really proud of all of us . Mike Inez : Ultimately , we 're our own hardest , harshest critics , you know . If the four guys here did n't feel good about this , we just would n't do it . CNN : You have the blessing of Layne 's family , correct ? Cantrell : Well , they are family , and they 've always been supportive through it , and we love them dearly . Layne and his family are always a part of our family , and always will be . It 's all good . CNN : What has changed in terms of the sound ? Cantrell : Well , we added a member , so Will 's going to bring himself and his talents to the band . But the musical core of the band is intact , and a lot of the writing part of it is intact . CNN : People have been asking us , "  What does Alice in Chains sound like now ? " And for me , the answer is , "  Well , they kind of sound like Alice in Chains . " Sean Kinney : Yeah , shocking is n't it , that we sound like ourselves ! That blows my mind . People are always doing it -- "  Well , you sound like yourself . " I do n't know what we 're supposed to sound like . I mean , Three Dog Night ? Would have been cool with me , but I 'll just stick with our thing . CNN : Jerry , the first single , "  Check My Brain , " comes from your experience moving to Los Angeles from Seattle . Cantrell : Yeah , it 's kind of a funny thing . Being from Seattle , it 's pretty easy to make fun of the Southern California lifestyle , or maybe it 's easy for a lot of people to take a shot at it . But this is where I ended up , and still ca n't believe I 'm living here . But I 'm digging it ! No need to rock the boat , man . -LSB- Breaks into song -RSB- "  Rock the boat , do n't rock the boat , baby ! " CNN : That could be a big hit for somebody , but Alice in Chains ? Inez : What band was that ? DuVall : Hues Corporation -LSB- Everyone laughs -RSB- . But this place does a mind job on everybody -- the warped sensibility that this place has , and the dream factory element . A lot of dreams have been scattered and broken on the ground , but that experience happens everywhere , too . Kinney : I still live in Seattle , but I 've been down here so much lately that I noticed I 've been getting out of cars with no panties , which is weird for me . But that 's what happens when you 're in L.A. , I guess .	Alice in Chains ' new album , "  Black Gives Way to Blue , " hit No. 1 Album is first for the band since death of singer Layne Staley in 2002 Singer William DuVall is an old friend of the group 's With new singer , band sounds like ... Alice in Chains
