Florence 's best buys tend to be leather goods , designer wear and food . Roberto Cavalli 's Florence store , just one of the city 's many high-end boutiques If money is no object , head to Via Tornabuoni , Florence 's answer to 5th Avenue , and snap up Prada , Gucci , and local-born designers Cavalli , Ferragamo and Pucci . If your budget does n't stretch that far , head south to the city outskirts by car or taxi to the designer outlets where you can pick up luxury goods from Dolce and Gabbana and more at bargain prices  www.outlet-firenze.com . For hand-made cashmere or silk-lined leather gloves , try Madora  Via Guicciardini 1/R ; +39 055 239 6526  . Some people travel all the way to Florence just to shop here . If you have ever admired Sting 's suits , you can buy one of your own from Piero and Franco Cisternino  Via del Purgatorio 22/R ; +39 055 280 118  who make men 's suits to measure . One of the most beautiful shops in Florence is an ancient herbal pharmacy or apothecary , Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella  Via della Scala 16 ; +39 055 216 276  , set in a 13th-century frescoed chapel . Its world renowned products include pomegranate perfume , orange blossom water and carnation milk soap . Italians have typically been late adopters of vintage fashion but Elio Ferraro  Via del Parione 47/R ; +39 055 290 425 ; www.elioferraro.com  was ahead of the game . A visit to his gallery/shop will unearth vintage Yves Saint Laurent , Dior and Chanel from the 1930s onwards . ... . Florence City Guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Florence picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Florence 's shopping is n't cheap : think high-end luxury goods Italian designers can be found on Via Tornabuoni -- and also at the outlet mall Florence is famous for its quality leather goods , like silk-lined gloves Made-to-measure suits and vintage fashions can also be found
Washington  CNN  -- After more than six months in maximum confinement in the U.S. Marine Corps brig in Quantico , Virginia , the prime suspect in the WikiLeaks case "  seems frazzled , " says one of the few people to visit Army Pfc. Bradley Manning . He is "  sometimes simply catatonic , unable to have conversations about anything really , " said David House , who has visited his friend in the brig. House said Manning is physically deteriorating . "  He has n't exercised in seven or eight months since he was confined , " House said . The Pentagon disputes the idea that Manning is being mistreated . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell told reporters during a news conference last week that reports "  that he is being mistreated , or somehow treated differently than others , in isolation , are just not accurate . " Manning is held in his cell 23 hours a day . He is allowed out of his cell to exercise , for an hour a day . "  Just as though he is not being treated any worse than any other detainee , he is not being treated any better than any other detainee . He is not going to receive special privileges , " Morrell said . "  He is being treated exactly like everyone else in the brig is being treated . That 's what 's appropriate . " To those , like House , who say Manning should not be held in maximum security conditions , Morrell said it 's not just for his own protection . "  He 's being held behind bars because he is deemed a threat , that he has been alleged to have committed a very serious crime that potentially undermines our nation 's security , and therefore he needs to be confined during the course of a trial , " Morrell said . House said he does not discuss the WikiLeaks scandal with Manning because their conversations are monitored by Marines . But they have discussed the recent popular uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia . "  He views the power of social media as a force that may replace one day very soon the typical talking heads we have on TV . And he views the power of social media as a force that has the power to unite people and can allow them to rapidly organize and outsmart tyrannical regimes , " House said .	Pfc. Bradley Manning is the prime suspect in the WikiLeaks case One of the few friends to visit him in confinement says he seems "  frazzled " The Defense Department says Manning is being treated no differently than other detainee
JENA , Louisiana  CNN  -- Charges against Bryant Purvis , one of the six black students accused of being involved in beating a white student , were reduced to second degree aggravated battery during his arraignment Wednesday morning . Bryant Purvis says he is focusing on his studies and practicing basketball . Purvis , who was facing charges of second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy , entered a not guilty plea to the reduced charges in the LaSalle Parish Courthouse in Jena . Charges have now been reduced against at least five of the students in the racially charged "  Jena 6 " case . Charges against Jesse Ray Beard , who was 14 at the time of the alleged crime , are unavailable because he 's a juvenile . Civil rights leaders Martin Luther King III and Al Sharpton led more than 15,000 marchers to Jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- in September to protest how authorities handled the cases against Purvis and five other teens accused of the December 2006 beating of fellow student Justin Barker . After the arraignment , Purvis said he has moved to another town to complete high school . He said he is focusing on his studies and practicing basketball , which he hopes to play in college . Mychal Bell , 17 , is the only one of the "  Jena 6 " teens still in jail . Although he was released in September after his adult criminal conviction for the beating was overturned , he was ordered two weeks later to spend 18 months in a juvenile facility for a probation violation relating to an earlier juvenile conviction . A district judge tossed out Bell 's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery , saying the matter should have been handled in juvenile court . The 3rd Circuit Court of Appeal in Lake Charles , Louisiana , did the same with Bell 's battery conviction in mid-September . Prosecutors originally charged all six black students accused of being involved in beating Barker with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy . E-mail to a friend	Charges against Bryant Purvis reduced to second degree aggravated battery Purvis had faced attempted murder , conspiracy charges Charges reduced against at least five of six blacks charged in beating Case of "  Jena 6 " drew national spotlight during September protest
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- The first of the 33 miners trapped underground for more than two months could be hoisted to safety as early as Wednesday , Chilean Mining Minister Laurence Golborne said Saturday . He spoke hours after anxious family members and exhausted rescue workers reveled in joyful relief after a drill pierced the roof of an underground mine in Chile where the men have been trapped since August 5 . Sixty-five days after the mine 's collapse , officials announced the drill had reached the miners as sirens blasted through the site to signal the achievement . Family members ran downhill , cheering and carrying Chilean flags . What began as a "  possible tragedy , with the help of God , is ending as a true blessing , " said Chilean President Sebastian Pinera . "  The miners , their families , the rescue workers , the government and all the Chileans have shown unity , strength , of faith , of hope , that is recognized and admired by the whole world , " the president said . "  This shows that when Chileans unite for great causes , regardless how grand or ambitious they may seem , we are always able to reach our goals and conquer the highest peaks . " Still , despite the day 's success , rescue workers continue to face tough decisions and hard work to get the men out of the mine . "  We have not yet rescued anyone and there is much ground to cover , " cautioned the mining minister , who also told reporters that the families of the miners "  are aware of the process still expected . " Later in the day , Golborne said he believes workers could begin to hoist the miners up by Wednesday . The rescue operation is likely to take around two days , he said , which would mean all 33 men could be pulled to safety by Friday . Also Saturday , the miners successfully set off explosives in the mine to widen the rescue shaft through which they will be brought , Golborne said . Mine engineers decided to encase just the top part of the shaft with steel tubing to prevent rockfalls and further collapses during the extraction process . Previously , they had thought they might need to encase the whole thing -- a process which would have delayed the rescue . Raul Lyon , vice president of GeoTech , the company operating the Plan B rescue drill at the scene , told CNN , "  I ca n't wait to see the first one to come out . " Lyon said the ordeal has been arduous and emotional for the workers , but "  we had patience " and solved problems methodically as they came up . "  It was very exciting and also comforting that we were able to reach the tunnel after exactly 33 days of drilling , " said Lyon , who noted that the miners are "  happy " and "  in good shape . " Rescue crews have been drilling three separate wider holes to send down the rescue capsule and hoist the men to the surface . Those rescue attempts have been labeled Plans A , B and C. Brandon Fisher , owner of the Pennsylvania company that provided and oversaw the use of drilling bits for the Plan B team , felt a "  huge sense of relief and joy " and noted that the success was n't "  in the bag until we were through . " "  This project was unbelievably challenging , " said Fisher , whose company , Center Rock Inc. , aided in the rescue of nine miners who were trapped for more than four days after the 2002 collapse of the Quecreek Mine , also in Pennsylvania . After the 2,300-foot hole in Chile is secure , materials and equipment will be brought in so that the rescue capsule -- dubbed the Phoenix -- can be lowered into the mine . Then , authorities will lower a doctor and a rescuer into the chamber , Health Minister Jaime Manalich said . Medical and rescue personnel will be in place to start extracting and treating the miners . Once the men have been extracted , they will undergo about two hours of health checks at a field hospital set up at the mine . They will then be flown by helicopter to a hospital in the town of Copiapo -- approximately a 15-minute flight . "  You think we were happy , you should have seen those guys , " said Gregory Hall , one of the rescue drill operators , after Saturday 's breakthrough . "  They were just going crazy . I mean , imagine , that 's a big step towards coming home . So they were just going crazy . It was wonderful . " Miners who are healthy enough will be allowed to visit briefly with family members in a reunion area before being taken to the hospital , Manalich said . Health officials have increased the miners ' physical activity in recent days to gauge how they can handle the stress of being removed , the health minister added . The overall response has been good , he said , though some miners have exhibited anxiety or have had minor cardiac issues . The miners have been in contact with the outside world through a small bore hole that sends them food , water , supplies and other necessities . Pinera said September 19 , during his last visit to the site , that he planned to personally hug each of the miners as they were pulled from the rescue shaft . He is due to depart on a government tour to Europe in mid-October . First lady Cecilia Morel Montes told reporters Friday night that her husband was in the south . "  He has a lot of obligations , " she said . "  Undoubtedly , he would like to be here permanently . But he also has to be permanently in a lot of other places and it 's necessary to continue governing . " She said the crisis faced by the miners has brought Chileans together . "  They have become very familiar to every Chilean , " she said . "  All Chileans are equally expectant , equally nervous ; there 's a lot of empathy toward the families . " She added that the men 's liberation will occur "  as soon as possible , " but only after every precaution is taken to ensure their safety .	NEW : The first of the men could be pulled above ground as early as Wednesday , official says Chilean president says mine collapse "  ending as a true blessing " Rescue workers still face a multitude of challenges The men have been trapped since August 5
CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey will announce on Friday 's "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " that she will end her talk show , said a spokesman for Winfrey 's Harpo Productions . "  Oprah will be ending her talk show , " Harpo spokesman Don Halcombe said Thursday . "  She will be speaking about it on tomorrow 's live show . " The show will air live from its Chicago , Illinois , studio at 9 a.m. CT  10 a.m. ET  , he said . The show will end on September 9 , 2011 , as its 25th season draws to a close , according to a letter from Harpo Inc. that President Tim Bennett addressed to partners and obtained by CNN affiliate WLS-TV . "  Tomorrow , Oprah will announce live on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " that she has decided to end what is arguably one of the most popular , influential and enduring programs in television history , " Bennett wrote . Marquee Blog : Oprah to make it official The show has been the highest-rated talk show for 23 consecutive seasons , according to the Oprah.com site . It is seen by an estimated 42 million viewers a week in the United States and is broadcast to 145 countries . The show had its origins in 1984 , when Winfrey moved to Chicago to host WLS-TV 's morning talk show , "  AM Chicago , " which became the No. 1 local talk show . The show surpassed ratings for "  Donahue " one month after it began , the site said . Within a year , it had expanded to an hour-long format and been renamed "  The Oprah Winfrey Show . " It entered national syndication in 1986 . In August 2004 , Winfrey signed an extension for the show to keep it on the air through 2011 . "  I got a call from Oprah , and she told me that she is announcing that next year will be her last year , " talk show host Ellen DeGeneres told her audience Thursday . "  It will be her 25th year , and she feels like it 's time for her to stop . "  I do n't think I could be here without her , " DeGeneres said . "  I think she has blazed a trail . ... She is an amazing woman . She will always be the queen of daytime television . ... She is fantastic , and I love her and I wish her the best . She deserves to rest . She has worked really , really hard . " Over the years , the show has made news on several occasions . In September 2004 , for instance , Winfrey began a new season by giving each member of the audience a new car . In May 2005 , Tom Cruise caused a sensation when he jumped up and down on Oprah 's couch , declaring his love for actress Katie Holmes . Other guests have shared their personal struggles , such as Elizabeth Edwards , wife of former vice presidential candidate John Edwards ; performer Whitney Houston and Lisa Niemi , widow of actor Patrick Swayze . Read Harpo 's letter to partners obtained by CNN affiliate WLS The show has also served as a launching pad for several experts -- Dr. Mehmet Oz on nutrition and health ; Suze Orman on financial matters ; Dr. Phil McGraw on families and relationships ; and Martha Beck , a life coach . McGraw went on to have a talk show of his own . Along the way , Winfrey has revealed her struggles with weight loss and as a survivor of childhood sexual abuse . From the talk show , she has created the popular Oprah 's Book Club ; O Magazine ; Oprah 's Angel Network , a charitable foundation ; and co-founded Oxygen Media , a 24-hour cable channel aimed at women . Check out Oprah 's Book Club web event on CNN In 2008 , Winfrey announced that beginning in 2009 , the Discovery Health Channel would be named OWN : The Oprah Winfrey Network . The network is "  a multi-platform media company designed to entertain , inform and inspire people to live their best lives , " according to Oprah.com . Harpo Productions has also grown to include Harpo Films . Winfrey 's wealth was estimated at around $ 1 billion by Forbes in 2004 . Last year , she topped the Forbes Celebrity 100 list that measures both power and money .	Oprah Winfrey to announce she 'll end show in 2011 during a live broadcast Friday It has been the highest-rated talk show for 23 consecutive seasons , her Web site says An estimated 42 million U.S. viewers watch it weekly ; show had its origins in 1984 in Chicago Winfrey 's wealth was estimated at around $ 1 billion by Forbes in 2004
CNN  -- Armed renegade soldiers walked through Mali 's damaged presidential palace on Thursday , hours after the troops ' leaders claimed to have ousted the West African nation 's democratically elected leader . Shell casings , bullet-ridden cars and shattered windows were evident in video from outside the palace , as well as at least one burned-out room inside . And there was no sign of or indication of what happened to President Amadou Toumani Toure , with the military group 's apparent leader Capt. Amadou Sanogo saying little about him beyond that he was "  safe . " Still , within much of Mali on Thursday night , the situation appeared to be relatively calm as most people appeared to have abided by coup leaders ' call for a nighttime curfew . Amadou Konare , a spokesman for the troops behind the apparent coup , asked citizens to return to their jobs Friday , though he gave no timetable as to when Mali 's borders would reopen . Earlier Thursday , Konare was among a group of soldiers wearing fatigues who said on television that they had suspended the constitution and dissolved public institutions because of the government 's handling of an insurgency . "  Considering the incapacity of the regime in effectively fighting against terrorism and restoring dignity to the Malian people , using its constitutional rights , the armed forces of Mali , along with other security forces , have decided to take on their responsibilities to put an end to this incompetent regime of President Amadou Toumani Toure , " said Konare . Surgeons told an aid worker -- who asked to remain anonymous -- that 29 people who had been injured as a result of the recent unrest were in Bamako 's main hospital , while another nine were in a medical facility in Kati , about 18 kilometers  11 miles  to the northwest . The worker , who is based in the nation 's capital , said he could n't detail how or how seriously these people were injured . It is unknown if anyone has been killed . As a precaution in case there 's more violence , the Red Cross is on call -- with one team set up ready to retrieve any wounded people and another positioned to help in Bamako 's main hospital should there be a staff shortage or other need for extra help -- the aid worker said . The uncertainty surrounding Toure , Mali 's president , further complicated predictions as to what might happen next . A 1991 military coup led by Toure had ended a dictatorship in the landlocked West African nation . Toure became president in 2002 , was re-elected in 2007 and was scheduled to step down in April , when elections were set to pick his successor . Hours before the latest coup 's leaders appeared on television , Toure posted a message on the official government Twitter feed that he was writing from the palace to prove that he was still in charge . "  Deserters and other military personnel who do not want to go to the front are mutinied , " he said late Wednesday . Yet the next day , Lynn Pascoe , the United Nation 's Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs , stated that "  clearly a coup d'eta has been carried out " -- a development that drew sharp criticism from other nations like the United States and France , Mali 's former colonial ruler . French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said in a statement from Paris that his country "  condemns in the strongest terms the violent overthrow of constitutional order . It calls for restoration of the constitution and institutions , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and especially the person of President Amadou Toumani Toure . " Juppe said France has suspended all cooperation with the Malian government , but will continue supplying food aid and counterterrorism assistance . Nearly 4,500 French citizens are registered with the embassy in Bamako , France 's Foreign Minstry said . In a statement from Henry Bellingham , its minister for Africa , Britain also criticized "  any actions which undermine democratic rule and the Malian constitution . " This sentiment was echoed by Jean Ping , chairman of the African Union , and U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon , who called for a peaceful resolution . The United States , furthermore , called for "  the immediate restoration of constitutional rule in Mali , including full civilian authority over the armed forces and respect for the country 's democratic institutions and traditions . " Previously , U.S. officials had described Mali as "  one of the strongest democracies on the continent . " "  Our focus and our hope and expectation is that this military action can be quickly reversed , and we can get back to the issue of democratic governance in Mali , which we can all support , " said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland , adding there are discussions but no decisions yet on whether Washington will suspend any or all of the roughly $ 140 million in aid that it sends annually to Mali 's government . A delegation from the Economic Community of West African States was caught up in the chaos in the capital Thursday . Its director said his attempts to talk to both sides had been unsuccessful . Kenyan Foreign Minister Moses Wetangula said in a Facebook post that he 'd been holed up inside a hotel in Mali 's capital , where he had been attending a regional peace and security meeting . "  Situation worsening . Curfew imposed . Airport closed . Heavier gunfire can be heard repeatedly , " he wrote Thursday . A later statement , from his nation 's foreign ministry , said that Kenya 's government was in "  direct communication " with Wetangula and others and working with "  the United Nations and other friendly countries " to get him and others out of Mali . Konare , the spokesman for the soldiers who claim they 've taken control , said Mali security forces have formed the National Committee for the Restoration of Democracy and State  CNRDRE  to work as a transitional government . He accused the government of not providing soldiers with the means to battle local Tuareg nomads , who have long called for the creation of an independent state and have risen up against the Malian government a number of times since the 1960s . The indigenous tribe are spread across Mali , Libya , Algeria , Niger and Burkina Faso . The latest uprising began to take root late last year but gained momentum in January , when the rebels began attacking towns in northern Mali . And it 's been further energized by an influx of fighters who had been fighting on behalf of former Libyan ruler Moammar Gadhafi . Pascoe , from the United Nations , said the return of 1,500 to 2,000 fighters from Libya "  clearly added much firepower and drive " to the insurgency . The growing Tuareg insurgency has raised concerns in Washington , which sees Mali as an important ally against al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , the sub-Saharan offshoot of the terrorist group . The ongoing violence between these rebels and security forces has compelled tens of thousands of Malians to flee into neighboring countries and created turmoil in Toure 's administration . Conflict in the region has forced the United Nations to appeal for $ 35.6 million to address the growing humanitarian crisis as throngs of Malians flee into neighboring countries . The U.N. spokesman predicted that the coup would only worsen the security situation in northern Mali , and further empower the rebels . "  This kind of action could pose great difficulties against the effort in the north and ... can further  the insurgents '  actions and what they are trying to do , " Pascoe said . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Brian Walker , Stephanie Halasz , Alden Mahler Levine , Faith Karimi , Alanne Orjoux , Lillian Leposo and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : Renegade soldiers walk through the presidential palace , after their leaders claim coup NEW : A U.N. official says it "  could pose great difficulties " in Mali 's fight against insurgents Rebel troops claim they 've taken over the government and suspended the constitution The Red Cross is ready to help and about 38 people are hurt , surgeons tell an aid worker
So Eva Mendes was pregnant after all . On Friday , the actress and partner Ryan Gosling welcomed a baby girl into the world , according to Us Weekly . The couple had kept the gestation under wraps , even though rumors of it had been percolating through magazines and the tabloid press since July . Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes : Oh baby Mendes even told Ellen DeGeneres in February -- when she likely would have been several weeks along -- that the rumors were "  ridiculous . " "  It all started because I did n't want to go through the scanners at the airport , " she said then , adding that she always opts out of that form of security check . The two are far from the first celebrities to try to keep their private lives -- and baby bumps , as the supermarket press likes to call them -- private . Emily Blunt had a quiet wedding with John Krasinski . Matt Damon and Luciana Barroso  who was called a "  normal " by Crushable.com  have kept their family away from the media . How Mendes and Gosling will do with a child in the media spotlight is anybody 's guess , but the two have experience at maintaining their privacy . After all , they 've been together for three years now , since meeting on 2011 's "  The Place Beyond the Pines . "	Eva Mendes , Ryan Gosling reportedly had a baby girl on Friday The two have been very quiet about her pregnancy Other celebrities prefer to keep their private lives private .
CNN  -- The Orange County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office spent $ 293,123.77 on detective work in the disappearance of 2-year-old Caylee Anthony in 2008 , according to authorities , and it wants to be reimbursed . The sheriff 's office is among three law agencies asking a county judge in Orlando to order the girl 's mother , Casey , to pay their investigative costs . A court hearing on that request was set to take place Thursday , but it was rescheduled to September 2 , court spokeswoman Karen Levey said Wednesday . Anthony has been in seclusion since her July acquittal on murder charges in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter and her subsequent release from jail . But in the same case , a Florida jury convicted her on four misdemeanor counts of providing false information to law enforcement officers . Prosecutors cite those misdemeanor convictions as the legal basis for their request that Anthony pay for the police costs involved in her daughter 's disappearance . Caylee Anthony 's skeletonized remains were found in December 2008 in woods less than a mile from her grandparents ' Florida home . Lt. Paul Zambouros of the Orange County Sheriff 's Office said the investigative costs of $ 293,123.77 are based largely on the criminal investigation division 's work between July 15 , 2008 , and December 11 , 2008 . If other deputies ' work were included , "  the reimbursement for cost of investigation would certainly be larger , " Zambouros said in an internal July 28 memo . Prosecutors are also seeking reimbursement for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's investigative expenses of $ 71,939.56 and the Metropolitan Bureau of Investigation 's expenses of $ 10,645.38 , according to court records . Anthony 's attorney did n't return calls for a comment .	NEW : A court hearing on whether to bill Casey Anthony is rescheduled to September 2 The sheriff 's office spent $ 293,123 investigating Caylee Anthony 's disappearance That figure counts only detective work ; the cost of other deputies ' work is n't included Prosecutors want Casey Anthony to pay the cost and those of other law agencies
CNN  -- Former Olympic fencer Bob Anderson , the man who wielded Darth Vader 's light saber , died Sunday at 89 , according to the British Academy of Fencing . Anderson 's film work began when he was a swordfight stunt double and coach for Errol Flynn in the 1953 movie "  Master of Balantree , " but perhaps his best-known job was when he put on Vader 's helmet in "  Star Wars " for the famous duel with Luke Skywalker , according to the Internet Movie Database . He represented Britain in the 1952 Olympic fencing competition , according to the 2009 documentary "  Reclaiming the Blade . " "  He was truly one of our greatest fencing masters and a world-class film fight director and choreographer , and both the fencing community and film world will miss him , " Philip Bruce , president of the British Academy of Fencing . Anderson "  passed away peacefully this morning at 4 a.m. in hospital , " Bruce said in a posting on his group 's website . He also served as swordmaster and trained the lead actors in the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy and "  Pirates of the Caribbean , " according to IMDb.com . His credits include the 1993 remake of "  The Three Musketeers , " "  The Mask of Zorro , " "  The Legend of Zorro , " "  Die Another Day , " "  The Princess Bride " and "  The Parent Trap . "	Bob Anderson 's early film credits include stunt double , fencing coach for Errol Flynn He 's best known for performing Darth Vader 's ` Star Wars ' swordfight British fencing president calls him "  one of our greatest fencing masters " Anderson competed for Britain in the 1952 Olympics
CNN  -- Five things to know about Eid al-Adha : 1 . Considered one of Islam 's revered observances , the four-day religious holiday corresponds with the height of the Hajj -- the pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia that annually draws 2 million Muslims . 2 . Eid al-Adha commemorates when God appeared to Abraham -- known as Ibrahim to Muslims -- in a dream and asked him to sacrifice his son as an act of obedience . As Abraham was about to sacrifice his son , God stopped him and gave him a sheep to kill in place of his son . A version of the story also appears in the Torah and in the Bible 's Old Testament . 3 . Pronounced EED al-UHD-huh , the holiday begins Friday and ends Monday -- the last day of the Hajj . Eid al-Adha is also known as the Feast of Sacrifice or Greater Eid . It is the longer of two Eid holidays observed by Muslims . Eid al-Fitr -- or Little Eid -- follows the conclusion of the holy month of Ramadan . 4 . During Eid al-Adha , many Muslim families sacrifice a sheep and share the meat with the poor . They also are required to donate to charities that benefit the poor . Muslims also routinely exchange presents during the holiday . 5 . Eid Mubarak  pronounced EED muh-BAR-ack  and Eid Saeed are routine greetings used during the observance to offer best wishes . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	The Muslim religious holiday Eid al-Adha begins Friday and ends Monday Eid Mubarak and Eid Saeed are greetings used during the holiday Eid al-Adha is also known as the Feast of Sacrifice or Greater Eid
CNN  -- The National Park Service is investigating reports of graffiti and other vandalism in at least 10 National Park sites throughout the western United States . One move that could get the vandal caught ? Showcasing their "  artwork " on social media . Photos have surfaced in online hiking forums of what appears to be a woman painting graffiti in scenic locales . The art includes colorful images of faces in profile and is signed with the phrase "  Creepytings 2014 . " Images of the graffiti were apparently posted on Instagram . Park Service officials declined to discuss cases still under investigation but a representative posted on Reddit looking for more photographic examples of the graffiti . Redditors are rallying to help . And other social media outlets are n't so quiet . Do n't make these stupid travel mistakes A California hiking website , Calipidder , first reported seeing social media posts about one person 's paintings on National Park land . That led Modern Hiker to post several pictures of paintings that it said are by the roaming vandal . The National Park Service would not name any potential suspects . "  While we ca n't discuss details of a case under investigation , we take the issue of vandalism seriously , " said the park service , in a statement . "  National parks exist to preserve and protect our nation 's natural , cultural and historic heritage for both current and future generations . Vandalism is a violation of the law and it also damages and sometimes destroys often irreplaceable treasures that belong to all Americans . " Naturalists and hiking enthusiasts are taking to the web to decry the defacement of National Park land . Someone has even launched a WhiteHouse.gov petition encouraging officials to throw the book at the alleged vandal for violations of federal law . "  There are forums for artistic expression in national parks because national parks inspire artistic creativity . These images are outside that forum and outside the law , " the National Park Service said in a statement . Visiting national parks could cost more Calling the graffiti in question art is too kind , says art critic Ariella Budick . "  This is appalling -- worse than graffiti , " says Budick , art critic for the Financial Times . "  I 'm not impressed by the art , but frankly , even it were Leonardo it would be wrong . " The affected parks are Yosemite National Park , California ; Death Valley National Park , California ; Crater Lake National Park , Oregon ; Zion National Park and Canyonlands National Park , both in Utah . There may be additional damage , which has yet to be confirmed , in Grand Canyon National Park , Arizona ; Sequoia Kings Canyon National Park and Joshua Tree National Park , both in California ; Rocky Mountain National Park , Colorado ; Bryce National Park , Utah .	National Park Service investigates reports of graffiti by an artist 10 park sites have been defaced , including rocks and walls Many of the images are signed with the phrase "  Creepytings 2014 " Naturalists are decrying the defacement in online forums
CNN  -- Two-time Formula One champion Fernando Alonso set his sights on a title charge in 2012 Friday as Ferrari unveiled the radical design of their car for the new season . The F2012 , Ferrari 's 58th F1 car , features a dramatic steeped-nose look in order to conform to new regulations regarding the height of the front chassis . Spain 's Alonso finished 2011 fourth in the drivers ' standings , 135 points behind Red Bull 's double world champion Sebastian Vettel , after claiming just one race win at the British Grand Prix . "  It looks very different from what we have seen in the last two years , " Alonso said at the launch , which was originally scheduled to take place Thursday but was pushed back 24 hours due to heavy snowfall . Can Senna restore the romance to Formula One ? "  My third season at Ferrari and I am going to start with the same strength and determination . I want to do great . "  Of course it will be quite competitive for the whole season , but we want to see red cars on the podium . We start next week in Jerez and we keep working together . I am sure we will do well this year . " Ferrari have won a record 16 constructors ' titles and the Italian marque have clinched 15 drivers ' championships -- more than any other team . But a disappointing campaign last year saw them finish third in the standings , 122 points adrift of McLaren and a massive 275 points behind double constructors ' championship winners Red Bull . "  I believe in the skills we have here in Ferrari , " former McLaren driver Alonso said . We have two months to get ready before the first competition . New car gives McLaren confidence "  We have to fight for the title and try and get as many points as possible . We really want to be right at the top of the ranking . "  We have to be as consistent and resolute as possible and I am sure , really , really sure we will be able to get great targets and great responsibility for driving for Ferrari . " Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa also endured a frustrating season , but the Brazilian is confident the new car can fire Ferrari to success . "  Let me tell you that it looks really , really aggressive , " said Massa . "  This was part of my dreams . I know there was quite a lot of brainstorming when it comes to the new car . "  We always wanted to develop new models so I am impressed with the new car . We start in a few days and I am sure the championship will be stunning and very competitive . " Ferrari were not the only team showing off their new car Friday . Silverstone-based Force India had drivers Paul di Resta and Nico Hulkenberg on hand to reveal the VJM05 . Britain 's Di Resta , the cousin of IndyCar legend Dario Franchitti , enjoyed a successful rookie season with the Indian-owned team , collecting 27 points to finish 13th in the drivers ' championship . "  Seeing the new car built and complete for the first time is always an exciting moment , " the 25-year-old said . "  I 've had a good winter and I 've recharged my batteries , but now I 'm fully focused on 2012 and looking forward to the start of testing . "  There 's a really positive feeling in the team , good stability and hopefully we can pick up where we left off at the end of last year . " German driver Nico Hulkenberg has taken the place of compatriot Adrian Sutil , who was handed an 18-month suspended jail sentence earlier this week for injuring Eric Lux -- the chief executive of Lotus ' parent company Genii Capital . "  Preparations for the new season have been full-on with simulator sessions and lots of fitness training , " said Hulkenberg , who last raced for Williams in 2010 . "  I feel ready to get back to racing and I 'm excited to find out what the new car feels like next week . " Elsewhere , veteran Indian driver Narain Karthikeyan has returned to Spanish team HRT . The 35-year-old 's recruitment means all 24 places on the grid for the 2012 season have now been filled . Karthikeyan took part in the first eight races of 2011 with the Madrid-based team before making way for young Red Bull prospect Daniel Ricciardo . He last raced at the inaugural Indian Grand Prix in October . "  It has taken a lot of hard work to make this happen but I am absolutely elated to feature on the 2012 grid with HRT F1 team , " the former NASCAR racer said . "  I was pleased with our strong performance at the Indian Grand Prix , in front of my passionate home fans and I look forward to building on this result in 2012 . "  I have been training hard since the end of 2011 , ensuring I was ready for the rigors of F1 if an opportunity arose . " The 2012 Formula One season will begin with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne on March 18 .	Ferrari unveil their radically-designed car for the 2012 Formula One season Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso wants to challenge for a third drivers ' title The Spaniard finished 2011 fourth , 135 points behind champion Sebastian Vettel Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa describes the F2012 as "  really aggressive "
CNN Student News  -- May 9 , 2014 People , places and things on today 's show include Goodluck Jonathan and Kevin Durant , Australia and New Mexico , research drones and teacher appreciation . We 'll explore the reasons and controversy for a government 's shark-culling program , and we 'll show you how technology is looking into New Mexico 's archaeological past . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Who are some celebrities who have lent their support to a cause ? Do you find some of these celebrity campaigns more effective than others ? Explain . Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What holiday is an observance of the Battle of Puebla , not Mexican independence ? 2 . What country is home to the world 's longest-reigning monarch ? 3 . What disease is transmitted by parasites found in the Anopheles gambiae mosquito ? 4 . In what West African country were more than 200 girls abducted by terrorists ? 5 . What model of spy plane recently triggered FAA computer problems in Los Angeles , California ? 6 . In what country did a recent hunting program lead to the capture of 172 sharks ? 7 . U.S. officials are concerned that what country is testing a long-range missile known as the KN-08 ? 8 . What nation governed by Jacob Zuma held its first national elections since the death of Nelson Mandela ? 9 . What economic action was organized by some celebrities against the Beverly Hills Hotel in protest of the policies of the Sultan of Brunei ? 10 . Janet Yellen is the chairperson of what body known as the central bank of the U.S. ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
A group of female students are outraged that their Utah high school digitally edited their photographs in the 2014 yearbook for apparently violating a dress code and failed to apply that policy to other apparent violators . Intensifying the controversy are comments from the leader of the Rape Recovery Center in Salt Lake City , who called for a school district investigation Thursday into the clothing policy , which she says is an example of a culture that shames girls and women . School leaders stood by the dress code Thursday but admitted inconsistency in the digital editing , for which the superintendent apologized . At issue is a dress policy that Wasatch High School in Heber City says it posted on yearbook picture day last fall : No tank tops . No low-cut tops . No inappropriate slogan on shirts . Violations would result in the students ' portraits being edited , the school said . Now that the yearbook has been distributed , several female students are complaining that their pictures were altered to show less skin without their knowledge , according to CNN affiliate KSTU . No boys ' photos were digitally edited , the girls argued . "  They did n't tell you before they edited it , and they did n't give you an option to fix it , so you look funny in your yearbook picture , " sophomore Shelby Baum told the news outlet . But the high school asserts that a large sign -- 4 feet by 5 feet -- warned all students of the policy at picture day last fall , the school said on its Facebook page . In response , the female students say that the pictures of some girls who apparently violated the dress policy were n't edited at all -- an accusation that prompted the superintendent 's apology and a school promise to review its editing practices . "  I feel like they put names in a hat and pick and choose who , " sophomore Rachel Russel told the affiliate . "  There were plenty of girls that were wearing thicker tank tops , and half of them got edited and half of them did n't . " Indeed , Rachel 's photo was clearly edited , according to images she showed the news station . Her original photo shows her wearing a low-cut top , but in the yearbook , her neckline is raised and covers a tattoo near her clavicle , the station reported . Superintendent Terry E. Shoemaker of the Wasatch County School District defended the policy , but he apologized "  in the sense that we wanted to be more consistent with what it is we 're trying to do , " he told the affiliate . On its Facebook page , the school acknowledged that errors were made . "  In the application of these graphic corrections , the high school yearbook staff did make some errors and were not consistent in how they were applied to student photos and the school apologizes for that inconsistency , " the school said . "  Wasatch High School and Wasatch County School District are evaluating the practice of photo editing of pictures as it now stands and will make a determination on further use of the practice . " But the Rape Recovery Center in Salt Lake City raised broader issues , noting how female survivors of sexual violence "  almost always blame themselves for wearing the wrong clothing or somehow encouraging men to rape them through their reckless behavior , " the center said on its Facebook page . Holly Mullen , the center 's executive director , says the school district should investigate the policy and the school 's digital editing of yearbook photos . The center is Utah 's only independent , non-profit agency providing full-time services to survivors of sexual violence ages 14 and older . "  This action , a decision made by a few school officials with no apparent consultation with students or parents , is just unacceptable , " Mullen said in a statement . "  It is a keen example of how our culture , and especially those in power to make such random decisions , shame young women into thinking they must dress and act in one narrow , acceptable way . "  This is the start of a continuum that nurtures and even encourages control over girls and women . What is more personal than their clothing choices ? This is not about setting school dress codes , which schools certainly have the right to do . These were photos the girls paid for , yearbooks they bought with their own money . This is a public school , supported with tax dollars , " Mullen said . Shoemaker was n't immediately available for comment on Mullen 's accusations . For now , students will have to live forever with what they describe as unflattering photos in their yearbook . "  I was upset because my shirt was a cream color and the color of the cover-up was completely white . It looks like white-out on my skin , " sophomore Kimberly Montoya told KSTU .	A group of girls say their yearbook photos were edited badly and unfairly At issue is a dress code for yearbook photos that forbade low-cut tops and tanks School superintendent stands by policy but apologizes for inconsistent editing But a rape recovery center in Utah says the policy shames girls and women
New York  CNN  -- The occupiers of Wall Street have been portrayed by some as radicals , young kids without focus , ne'er - do-wells who 'd do anything but get a job . But one woman used her time in at Zuccotti Park differently , and as a result she has gone from Occupy Wall Street to occupying an actual office on Wall Street . In the gathering of the so-called 99 % , Tracy Postert had no idea she would be the one who would be working for the 1 % . "  There were some days it was a carnival , or lots of music , drumming , costumes , marching , protesting , " said Postert , describing the weeks she spent demonstrating at the park in downtown Manhattan . Frustrated with the economy , Postert says she jumped right into the Occupy Wall Street movement -- all in -- banging drums and washing paint - and dirt-covered sidewalks . She sounds like the protester stereotype , but she is n't ; she has a doctorate in biochemistry . In the past few years , the biochemist said , she had found herself at times unemployed or underemployed . Until a few weeks ago she decided to change her protest sign to a "  Job Wanted " sign and hunkered down in Zuccotti Park with a handful of résumés . "  Passers-by would say , ` Get a job , ' and I did n't have a really good response to that , " Postert told CNN . "  I wanted to say , ` Well , I 'm trying to get a job , ' but you know you ca n't really prove it . " Postert said . "  So I said , why do n't I make a sign  and prove  that I am actively looking for a job ? " Within two days , she said , someone spotted her . They exchanged e-mails , and an offer followed . That someone was a top executive at a Wall Street financial firm -- in other words , the enemy . "  It might sound like it 's a fish-out-of-water story --  round  peg in a square hole -- but it 's really not , " said Wayne Kaufman , a market analyst at John Thomas Financial . "  She was standing there . She had her sign , she had her résumé , and I just passed by her and I chatted with her just for a brief few seconds . And she was obviously an intelligent person , " Kaufman said . "  The résumé spoke for itself , it was very impressive , " he said . "  So , I sent her an e-mail the next day and ... she responded almost immediately . "  I asked her if she wanted to come in for an interview ; she said yes . I told her what I had in mind for her according to her skill set , and the rest is just history . " For now , Tracy is researching early stage biotech companies for John Thomas Financial . She says she plans to take a test that would allow her to become a broker , and thus a full-fledged member of the 1 % . So what are her former Occupy Wall Street compatriots saying ? "  I have been accused of being a traitor to both sides . Some people are saying that the whole time I was at Occupy Wall Street I was really a Wall Street insider , " says Postert . She said she plans on keeping her sign . She pledged to protest again when she finds something she feels is worth protesting .	Tracy Postert was fully committed to the Occupy Wall Street protests , she tells CNN The biochemist says she had been looking for work , but could n't prove it to naysayers She showed up at Zuccotti Park with her résumé , and soon had a job offer She now researches biotech companies for John Thomas Financial -- on Wall Street
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court turned aside Friday a gay rights group 's request to temporarily suspend enforcement of the controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy on gays in the military . The justices issued a brief order allowing the policy to remain in effect temporarily , until the full appeals process is completed . The Log Cabin Republicans had filed an emergency request with the nation 's highest court to reverse the 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals decision allowing the military to continue with "  do n't ask , do n't tell " while the government appeals a lower court ruling that the law is unconstitutional . The appeals court , in San Francisco , California , is debating the constitutionality of barring openly gay and lesbian people from service in the U.S. armed forces . Until the larger questions are decided , that court had allowed the current enforcement policy to remain in place , prompting the time-sensitive appeal to the high court . The justices were , at this stage , being asked to rule only on the narrow enforcement issue . They are likely to tackle the constitutional questions after the appeals court issues its ruling , if Congress or the White House does not act first to repeal the current law . "  Log Cabin Republicans are disappointed that the Supreme Court decided to maintain the status quo ... but we are not surprised , " Log Cabin Executive Director R. Clarke Cooper said in a written statement . "  We are committed to pursuing every avenue in the fight against this failed and unconstitutional policy . " Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said the Defense Department "  believes the decision upholding the stay was appropriate . " The high court 's two-paragraph order noted that Justice Elena Kagan did not participate in the decision . As solicitor general in the Justice Department before joining the high court in August , Kagan had been involved in preparing initial briefs in the case . In September , California U.S. District Judge Virginia Phillips declared the military 's ban on openly gay troops to be unconstitutional . She later granted an injunction barring enforcement of the policy . The Justice Department requested a temporary stay of that ruling , which was denied by Phillips but granted by the appeals court . The appeals court later overturned the district court 's injunction . The appeals judges also noted that legislation pending before Congress to repeal the policy would render the case before them moot . The House of Representatives has already passed a repeal provision , and the Senate may consider it as part of a broader defense authorization bill when it returns for a lame duck session in mid-November . The appeals court is set to hear oral arguments in the case next February . The losing side would probably ask the Supreme Court to step in once again , but the justices have the discretion not to accept the case for review . President Obama wants to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " He reached an agreement with Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , on a process that includes a military review of how to make a successful transition to openly gay and lesbian troops serving alongside straight colleagues . The three men would then have to certify the repeal . Gay rights groups say the policy violates the due process and First Amendment rights of military members . In their appeal , the Log Cabin Republicans said allowing the policy to remain in effect pending appeal is unacceptable and would cause "  irreparable harm . " The government presented "  no evidence to support a finding that open service by gay and lesbian individuals harmed the military 's interests , and ... both civilian and military leaders admitted that DADT actually impairs military interests , " the appeal said . "  Deference to military judgment here tips the scales against a stay , rather than in favor of one , " it says . But the Obama administration , supported by Pentagon officials , argued that suspending the 17-year-old policy and forcing the military to immediately change course while the case is being appealed would cause problems during a time of war . "  The military should not be required to suddenly and immediately restructure a major personnel policy that has been in place for years , particularly during a time when the nation is involved in combat operations overseas , " the government said in its high court brief . The case puts the administration in an unusual position of supporting a repeal , but filing court motions to prevent it from happening faster than planned . The legislation before Congress includes the process for repeal agreed to with Gates and Mullen . In response to the court case , Gates recently raised the level at which gay and lesbian troops can be discharged under "  do n't ask , do n't tell " by ordering that it be done only by the secretaries of the Army , Navy and Air Force . In a memo written to the heads of all the military services , Gates said his action was taken in direct response to the legal uncertainty surrounding "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law . Since Gates made the change , no service member has been discharged , according to Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report	Obama officials want the policy repealed , but oppose a court ruling to end it Log Cabin Republicans want enforcement of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " suspended The policy on gays in the military remains in effect until the appeals process is complete A lower court has found the law unconstitutional
CNN  -- The Utah Supreme Court has reversed Warren Steed Jeffs ' two convictions on charges of rape as an accomplice and ordered a new trial , saying that instructions given to jurors were erroneous . Jeffs , the "  prophet " of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , or FLDS , was sentenced to two consecutive terms of five years to life after he was convicted in September 2007 . He was accused of using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marrying her 19-year-old cousin . "  We regret the effect our opinion today may have on the victim of the underlying crime , to whom we do not wish to cause additional pain , " the court said . "  However , we must ensure that the laws are applied evenly and appropriately , in this case as in every case . " In Jeffs ' trial , Elissa Wall testified that she repeatedly told him at the time that she did not want to be married and was uncomfortable with sexual advances from her husband , Allen Steed . She said Jeffs advised her to pray and submit to her husband , learn to love him and bear his children , or risk losing her "  eternal salvation . " Wall was 21 at the time of Jeffs ' conviction in 2007 . Her attorneys made her name public at the end of the trial , with her consent . She is married to someone else and has left the FLDS . The first count of rape as an accomplice against Jeffs was alleged to have occurred shortly after Wall and Steed were married , when the two first had sex , the Utah Supreme Court opinion said . The second was alleged to have occurred after Jeffs refused to "  release " Wall from her marriage and told her to "  give herself to -LSB- Steed -RSB- ... mind , body and soul . " Prosecutors relied on three separate portions of the law defining the circumstances under which sex is non-consensual , the opinion said . Under those portions , the victim must express a lack of consent through words or conduct , the victim must be younger than 18 years , and "  the actor " must be in a position of special trust in relation to the victim . "  Jeffs argues that the instruction erroneously focused the jury on Jeffs ' actions and position of special trust , rather than on Steed 's , for the purpose of determining whether Wall consented , " the opinion said . The justices agreed , saying the jurors should have been asked to consider whether Steed was in a position of special trust and whether Steed lured or induced Wall into having sex . "  The state interprets the term ` actor ' to mean the ` defendant , ' " the opinion said . "  We conclude that the state 's interpretation is erroneous . " "  We 're thrilled , " said Jeffs ' defense attorney , Wally Bugden . "  We 're overjoyed . We 're ecstatic that the Supreme Court agreed with us . ... The state just had the wrong legal theory . " Jeffs is "  an unpopular religious figure in our state , " Bugden said , and the media have "  had a field day portraying him as an evil , horrible , pernicious individual . " The court , he said , was able to put that aside and base its decision on the evidence and legal theories , not on emotion , and determine that the erroneous instructions led jurors to "  an erroneous result . " The defense has always maintained that marrying someone , encouraging them to make their marriage work and "  be fruitful and multiply ... that is not the same thing as saying to a husband , ` I 'm encouraging you to rape your wife , ' " Bugden said . He said he had not had a chance to speak to Jeffs but planned to do so Tuesday afternoon . Assistant Utah Attorney General Laura Dupaix told CNN affiliate KSTU that the opinion is "  going to make it difficult , I think , for us to do future prosecutions in cases where some of these men in positions of power -- almost complete power , like Warren Jeffs is -- to prosecute them for forcing young girls into these marriages . I think that 's really the part of this opinion that is most disappointing for us . " The justices sent the case back to the lower court for a new trial . The state has 14 days to request a rehearing with the Utah Supreme Court , said Nancy Volmer , spokeswoman for Utah state courts . The justices would then grant or deny that petition . If a request is not made , the case will be sent back to the trial court within 30 days , and the lower District Court then has 30 days to schedule a hearing . Jeffs is being held at the Utah State Prison in Draper , about 30 miles south of Salt Lake City . The issue of whether he should be released pending a new trial would be addressed at the District Court hearing , Volmer said . However , Bugden said , Jeffs will be transferred back to Washington County in southern Utah , where he was convicted -- and closer to the FLDS community . "  We will be asking for bail , " he said . But Jeffs has a federal indictment against him for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution , said Melodie Rydalch , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorneys ' Office in Utah . The indictment states Jeffs traveled across state lines in 2006 to avoid prosecution . "  There are federal detainers in place with the Utah State Prison and Washington County , " Rydalch said . "  Although his attorney is saying he will ask for a bail hearing in the Utah state court , our federal detainers are in place . " Rydalch added if Jeffs is not held on state charges , authorities will bring him into federal custody . Bugden said he expects Washington County prosecutors to decide quickly whether they want to proceed with the case . Jeffs had been awaiting trial in Arizona on four charges of being an accomplice to sexual conduct with a minor . But last month , a judge dismissed those charges . Matt Smith , the Mohave County , Arizona , prosecutor , had asked the court to throw out the charges , citing "  much more serious charges " against Jeffs in Texas and the desire of his alleged victims that he "  face these more serious charges as soon as possible . " Jeffs was indicted in Texas in 2008 on a felony charge of sexual assault of a child . An indictment accuses Jeffs of assaulting a child "  younger than 17 years of age and not legally married to the defendant " in January 2005 . If convicted on the Texas charges , Jeffs could face a maximum penalty of five to 99 years or life in prison and a fine of $ 10,000 . The FLDS drew national attention when Jeffs was arrested during a routine traffic stop in August 2006 . At the time , he was on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted list . The sect is a 10,000-member offshoot of the mainstream Mormon church . Its members openly practice polygamy at the Yearning for Zion Ranch in Eldorado , Texas , and in two towns straddling the Utah-Arizona state line : Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . Critics of the sect say young girls are forced into "  spiritual " marriages with older men and are sexually abused . Sect members have denied that any sexual abuse takes place . Jeffs had led the sect since his father 's death in 2002 .	NEW : U.S. Attorneys ' Office in Utah says it has federal detainers in place for Jeffs Prosecutor says opinion may make future cases difficult Jeffs ' case is sent back to a lower court Justices say the jury instructions were erroneous
CNN  -- Bobby Petrino has been fired as head football coach at the University of Arkansas , the school 's athletics director said Tuesday . Petrino 's lack of candor about his "  personal and professional relationship " with a female employee who was riding with him on a motorcycle that crashed earlier this month was key to the decision , Jeff Long told reporters . "  Coach Petrino knowingly misled the athletics department and the university about the circumstances related to his accident , " Long said in a news conference at the university 's baskeball arena in Fayetteville . Though the 51-year-old coach had "  multiple opportunities " over four days after the accident to be forthcoming , "  he chose not to . " Petrino had been placed on paid administrative leave last week after it was revealed he had not disclosed that Jessica Dorrell , a 25-year-old female member of his staff , was on his motorcycle with him when it crashed on April 1 and that he had given her unfairly favorable treatment in hiring her on his staff . Long said Petrino had been fired with cause , meaning the university is not obligated to pay out his contract . University Chancellor G. David Gearhart issued a statement Tuesday saying the coach 's contract "  establishes a process by which he may have his termination decision reviewed . Under that process , the review would ultimately come to me for consideration and action . "  Given my role in the review process as chancellor , I must decline further comment on today 's announcement . " Petrino issued a statement Tuesday night saying he takes responsibility for what happened and apologizing for , among other things , putting Long "  in the position of having to sort through my mistakes . " "  The simplest response I have is : I 'm sorry , " Petrino said in the statement . "  These two words seem very inadequate . But that is my heart . All I have been able to think about is the number of people I 've let down by making selfish decisions . I 've taken a lot of criticism in the past . Some deserved , some not deserved . This time , I have no one to blame but myself . " Petrino also said , "  I have hurt my wife , Becky , and our four children . I 've let down the University of Arkansas , my team , coaching staff and everyone associated with the Razorback football program . " He also said his "  sole focus at this point is trying to repair the damage I 've done to my family . They did not ask for any of this and deserve better . I am committed to being a better husband , father and human being as a result of this and will work each and every day to prove that to my family , friends and others . " Long said his review of the case "  raised several concerns which led me to look beyond the accident itself , " Long said , citing "  the process and circumstances that influenced his decision to hire  Dorrell  as a direct-report member of his staff , and his candor and behavior as a member of my staff . " Long said Petrino had had a "  consensual relationship " with Dorrell , and that Petrino had given Dorrell "  some $ 20,000 " and failed to disclose their relationship when recommending her for the job with the department , thereby giving her "  an unfair and undisclosed advantage for a position on his football staff . " Dorrell , Long said , was one of 159 applicants for the job . "  By itself , Coach Petrino 's consensual relationship with Miss Dorrell prior to her joining the football staff was not against university policy , " Long said . "  By itself , it 's a matter between individuals and their families . "  However , in this case , Coach Petrino abused his authority when over the past few weeks he made a staff decision and personal choices that benefited himself " and compromised the university , Long said . He said Petrino also "  engaged in a pattern of misleading and manipulative behavior designed to deceive me and members of the athletics staff both before and after the accident , " Long said . Petrino told the police investigating the crash that the sun and wind had caused him to lose control and crash into a pile of dirt and tree limbs on the side of the road , according to the police report . "  He made a choice to return to practice  last  Tuesday , to hold a press conference and to demonstrate his physical resiliency and command of his program , all the time failing to correct the initial report that he was the only person involved in the accident . He made a conscious decision to speak and mislead the public on Tuesday . " In four seasons as head coach , Petrino led the Razorbacks to a 34-17 record , including an 11-2 record last season that included a victory in the Cotton Bowl . Arkansas finished the season ranked among the top five college teams in the nation . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The simplest response I have is : I 'm sorry , " Petrino says in statement Petrino "  knowingly misled the athletics department and the university , " AD says He calls Petrino 's behavior "  reckless and unacceptable " Petrino had been placed on paid administrative leave last week
CNN  -- The Marine accused of killing Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach , who was more than eight months pregnant , was not the father of her unborn child , a law enforcement source close to the murder investigation said Saturday . Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean , who is being held on a murder charge , is scheduled for arraignment in June . The source , who has seen a report completed earlier this month by the Defense Department 's Armed Forces Institute of Pathology , said Cpl. Cesar Laurean 's DNA does not match that of the unborn child , who also died . Laurean and Lauterbach were stationed at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . An autopsy showed that Lauterbach , 20 , died of blunt force trauma to the head . Police unearthed her charred body from beneath a barbecue pit in Laurean 's backyard in January 2008 . She disappeared the month before . Laurean was 22 when he was arrested in Mexico in April 2008 . At the time , a Mexican reporter asked Laurean whether he had killed Lauterbach . The Marine replied , "  I loved her . " Laurean has been indicted on charges that include first-degree murder , financial card transaction fraud and obtaining property by false pretenses . North Carolina prosecutors allege he killed Lauterbach on December 14 and used her ATM card 10 days later before fleeing to Mexico . He holds dual citizenship in the United States and Mexico . The law enforcement source familiar with the case said a DNA swab was taken by court order from Laurean after he was extradited from Mexico in March to face charges in North Carolina . Mexican authorities agreed to the extradition , in part because prosecutors took the death penalty off the table . Mexico does not have a death penalty . Before her death , Lauterbach told the Marines that Laurean raped her . The month before she disappeared , Lauterbach 's mother says Maria told a military investigator that she no longer believed Laurean was the father of her unborn child . However , Lauterbach 's mother , Mary , says her daughter remained adamant that Laurean raped her . Laurean denied it . A few weeks before a scheduled rape hearing at Camp Lejeune , Lauterbach disappeared . Dewey Hudson , district attorney for Onslow County , said Laurean is scheduled for arraignment in early June , and is expected to enter a plea . "  I can not comment on any of the tests , " Hudson said . He would not say how the DNA results might affect his case against Laurean . Through her attorney , Mary Lauterbach said the DNA test results do n't answer bigger questions she has about whether the Marines did enough to protect her daughter or moved quickly enough to investigate her claims . "  We do not believe that the result will have any effect on the continuing investigation or the trial , " said Lauterbach 's attorney Merle Wilberding .	DNA taken from suspect Cpl. Cesar Laurean does n't match child 's , source says Swab obtained after suspect was extradited from Mexico to United States Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach 's body was found in Laurean 's backyard in 2008
An investigation into an Oklahoma dentist accused of potentially exposing patients to disease confirmed one case of patient-to-patient hepatitis C transmission , health officials said Wednesday . A total of 89 of W. Scott Harrington 's patients tested positive for hepatitis C , but at this point only the one case has been directly tied to his dental practice in suburban Tulsa , officials said . Four cases of HIV were also found in his patients ; the CDC is conducting genetic testing to determine whether those cases are tied to the dental office . "  This is the first documented report of patient-to-patient transmission of hepatitis C virus associated with a dental setting in the United States , " state epidemiologist Dr. Kristy Bradley said . "  While dental procedures are generally safe , this reinforces the importance of adhering to strict infection control procedures in dental settings . " State health investigators shut down Harrington 's dental practice in March -- and asked 7,000 of his patients to be tested for hepatitis and HIV -- after health officials found sterilization and other infractions at the oral surgeon 's offices . Investigators observed "  unauthorized , unlicensed " employees using IVs to sedate patients and improper handling of needles . The drug cabinet was also rife with issues , they said . "  I will tell you that when ... we left , we were just physically kind of sick , " Susan Rogers , executive director of the Oklahoma Board of Dentistry , told CNN earlier this year . "  That 's how bad it was , and I 've seen a lot of bad stuff over the years . " The dentistry board launched its probe after one of Harrington 's patients came down with hepatitis C . The Oklahoma Public Health Laboratory has since completed testing for 4,202 of his patients . An unknown number of patients also sought testing though their private health providers , health officials said . Scores of Tulsa dental patients tested for hepatitis , HIV exposure Harrington voluntarily surrendered his dental license on March 20 . Hepatitis C is a contagious liver disease that can lead to liver failure and death , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Approximately 70 % to 80 % of people living with the virus do not have any symptoms . Hepatitis B is a similar liver disease that can range from a mild illness to a serious , chronic condition . Hepatitis is of particular concern for the Baby Boomer generation -- people born between 1945 and 1965 . This population is five times more likely to have hepatitis C than other generations , the CDC says . More than 55 % of Harrington 's dental patients who have been identified as having hepatitis C were over the age of 50 , the Tulsa Health Department reports .	One case of patient-to-patient transmission of Hepatitis C linked to dental practice Four cases of HIV have been identified and are undergoing genetic testing at the CDC Investigators shut down W. Scott Harrington 's practice in March
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council approved a resolution Monday to send 4,200 peacekeepers to Abyei , Sudan , as part of a recent agreement between Sudan and Southern Sudan . The resolution will establish , for six months , the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei  UNISFA  , comprising "  a maximum of 4,200 military personnel , 50 police personnel , and appropriate civilian support , " the resolution states . It passed the council unanimously , 15-0 . In a statement released by the State Department , Secretary Hiliary Clinton commended the swift passage of the resolution . "  Abyei has been a source of regional tension for many years , " the statement said . "  We urge the parties to reach an immediate cease-fire and to provide aid workers with the unfettered access required to deliver humanitarian assistance to innocent civilians affected by the conflict . " A week ago , the Sudanese government and the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement signed an agreement to allow peacekeepers in Abyei , aimed at ending strife that has ravaged much of the country . The two sides agreed in principle on the need for a third party to monitor the ill-defined border between north and south before the scheduled July 9 independence for the south . The U.N. peacekeepers will "  monitor and verify the redeployment of any Sudan Armed Forces , Sudan People 's Liberation Army or its successor " from the Abyei area , among other tasks , the Security Council resolution states .	New : Clinton commends the swift passage of the U.N. resolution The resolutions establishes a six-month security force at Abyei , Sudan The two sides signed an agreement last week allowing peacekeepers South Sudan is to gain independence July 9
CRANWELL , England  CNN  -- Britain 's oldest man and the oldest living veteran of World War I was celebrating his 112th birthday Friday with a party and a fly-past at an air force base . Henry Allingham at a 90th anniversary celebration of the Royal Air Force this year . Henry Allingham is the last surviving member of the Royal Naval Air Service , which he joined in 1915 . He saw action at the Battle of Jutland off Denmark the following year , according to the Ministry of Defense . Allingham is also the last surviving founding member of the Royal Air Force , which was created in 1918 , nine months before the end of the war . He left the service a year later , the defense ministry said . Friday 's events were happening at the Royal Air Force base in Cranwell , England , about 120 miles north of London . Friends of his at the base said Allingham , who arrived in a wheelchair , was looking "  fresh . " After a birthday lunch , aircraft from the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight , an aerial display team , planned to fly overhead , the base said . Members of the Falcons Parachute Display Team then planned to drop in and present Allingham with a birthday card from the chief of Britain 's air staff . Allingham is Britain 's oldest man and the oldest surviving member of the armed forces , according to Guinness World Records . The former aircraft engineer still travels and makes public appearances at military events and commemorations . In July , Allingham had a private audience with Queen Elizabeth and attended a garden party at Buckingham Palace . In November , he laid a wreath in St. Omer , France -- where he was stationed during the war -- to celebrate Armistice Day , the end of World War I. Allingham said last year that he remains active to emphasize the importance of remembering the conflict . "  I do n't do these things because I enjoy doing them but to keep the memory alive of all my comrades who fought and died in the First World War , " he told the Ministry of Defense .	Britain 's oldest man , oldest veteran from World War I , celebrates his 112th birthday Henry Allingham last founding member of the Royal Air Force , formed in 1918 Ex-aircraft engineer still travels , makes public appearances at military events
Stephenville , Texas  CNN  The man accused of killing Chris Kyle , the former Navy SEAL who was the subject of "  American Sniper , " and Kyle 's friend told a detective after the shootings that he was worried about his own mental state . According to a police body camera video played in court Thursday , Eddie Ray Routh was sitting in Kyle 's stolen truck when he told a detective : "  I do n't know if I 'm going insane . " Routh also spoke of voodoo , hell and the apocalypse in the video . The defense , which is mounting an insanity case , focused on those remarks . The prosecution asked Lt. Michael Smith of Lancaster , Texas , police whether he thought Routh was being metaphorical during their conversation . Smith said he could not tell . A medical examiner with the Southwest Institute of Forensic Sciences was the last witness on the second day of the double-murder trial . Dr. Jeffrey Barnard testified that two of the six bullets that hit Kyle would have been "  rapidly fatal . " A prosecutor asked Barnard several times whether the other victim , Chad Littlefield , had wounds consistent with someone lying on the ground or in a kneeling position , but the doctor could n't say . The prosecution appeared to be attempting to establish that Littlefield and Kyle were defenseless when shot . Both men were shot multiple times at a Texas firing range in February 2013 . Kyle and Littlefield were wearing loaded handguns in their waistbands when they were found , an investigator testified Thursday . Michael Adcock with the Texas Department of Public Safety said he also found shell casings , ammunition and several firearms on the ground when he arrived at the Rough Creek Lodge firing range outside Dallas . The guns on Kyle and Littlefield 's bodies were loaded , but two "  old-style Western " revolvers were lying on the ground with all the bullets fired , Adcock testified . The slain men had fired these pistols at targets , the prosecutor has said . The two men took Routh , a veteran with mental problems , to the firing range as a kind of therapy , lawyers have said . After the killings , Adcock said , Routh drove Kyle 's pickup to a Taco Bell off Interstate 35 and purchased two bean burritos , leaving a restaurant receipt in the driver 's side door of the truck . Another witness was Flavio Salazar of the police department in Lancaster . Salazar said during a 30-minute standoff between Routh and police , he crawled to the truck and put "  stop sticks " in front of the rear tires . Stop sticks have metal spikes that puncture tires . Routh drove to I-35 , stopped soon because of flat tires and was arrested , Salazar said . The trial began Wednesday with a lawyer using Kyle 's own words to bolster an insanity defense . But Erath County District Attorney Alan Nash told the jury that Routh told investigators he used drugs and drank whiskey that morning . He admitted that he killed the two men and said he "  knew what he was doing was wrong , " the prosecutor said . Routh used two guns , Nash said . Routh shot Kyle five times in the back and side and once in the side of the head , using a .45 - caliber pistol , and shot Littlefield with a 9mm pistol four times in the back , once in the hand , once in the face and once in the head , Nash said . A different .45 - caliber pistol with all its rounds fired was found on the ground near Kyle 's head , Nash said . "  Kyle  had shot all the bullets in his gun when he was shot in the back , " said Nash , referring to the fact that Kyle had just fired at a target . The trial comes just weeks after the release of the film about Kyle , a former Navy SEAL who claimed to be the deadliest sniper in U.S. history with 160 confirmed kills in Iraq . The film , directed by Clint Eastwood and starring Bradley Cooper , has grossed more than $ 280 million , the most ever for a war movie , and the autobiography by the same name spent weeks on best-seller lists . Kyle had already risen to fame through his book when he died . He 'd been doing charitable work to help former troops suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . The range is a small , remote part of the sprawling 11,000-acre Rough Creek Lodge , and the men were isolated , authorities said . Frank Alvarez , resident manager of Rough Creek Lodge , testified Kyle had "  exclusive access to the range when he came out . " Kyle had said he was going to use the range for about 45 minutes , Alvarez testified , but "  about 5 p.m. I got a radio call that said I had to go to the shooting range . Something had happened . " A hunting guide found Kyle , 38 , and Littlefield , 35 , Kyle 's friend , motionless and called 911 . The men were dead when officers arrived . Routh , an unemployed former Marine reportedly diagnosed with PTSD , was gone , and so was Kyle 's black Ford pickup truck , police said . Routh drove up in Kyle 's truck at his sister 's house 65 miles away , police said . She called 911 , telling the operator he claimed to have killed two men . "  They went out to a shooting range . Like , he 's all crazy , " Routh 's sister told authorities . Routh got back into the truck and hit the road again , police said . Officers caught up with him that evening at his home in a Dallas suburb . While talking with police , he jumped back into the truck and sped off again , police say . They gave chase and stopped him after spiking his tires . He did not struggle when they arrested him , police said . Relatives of Routh , 27 , and those close to him declined interview requests from CNN . Since July 24 , 2013 , when a judge filed a gag order in the case , nobody associated with Routh 's trial has been permitted to speak to the media . Before that order was issued , a reporter asked Capt. Jason Upshaw of the Erath County Sheriff 's Office what could have driven Routh to the alleged murders . "  I do n't know that we 'll ever know , " Upshaw said . Routh served in the Marines from June 2006 to June 2010 . His time in the military included a 2007 tour of duty in Iraq and a humanitarian mission to help the victims of the devastating 2010 earthquake in Haiti . Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Jason Morris and Chris Lett reported from Stephenville , Texas , and Steve Almasy , Ralph Ellis and Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta . Greg Botelho and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	"  I do n't know if I 'm going insane " suspect allegedly said after police encountered him Investigator said defendant drove to Taco Bell after the killings and ordered two bean burritos Kyle , whose story was told in "  American Sniper , " and Chad Littlefield were shot to death on February 2 , 2013
Washington  CNN  -- There was good news and bad news Thursday at a congressional hearing on the embattled Veterans Affairs health care system . Politicians , health care experts and a VA official agreed solutions exist , but more than three hours of questioning by the House Veterans ' Affairs Committee showed that responses so far by Congress and the administration fall short of what 's needed . "  It 's going to take wholesale , systematic reform of the entire department , " said Republican Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida , the committee chairman . "  It 's very clear the status quo is not acceptable and it 's time for real change . " Dr. Robert Jesse , a top official in the VA health administration , also acknowledged the need for major changes after revelations first reported by CNN of sometimes deadly waits for medical care faced by veterans . "  We own this " "  We know that we have let veterans down , but we 're going to make it right , " Jesse told the panel , adding that "  you all deserve better from us . " Declaring that "  we own this " and "  we 're going to fix it , " he later said : "  Today we really need to be looking at the entire structure of the organization to move forward . We really need to examine everything . " An internal VA audit released Monday found that tens of thousands of newly returning veterans wait at least 90 days for medical care , while even more who signed up in the VA system over the past 10 years never got an immediate appointment they requested . The VA has acknowledged 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care , and CNN 's reporting uncovered the deaths of dozens of others who were waiting for VA care in Phoenix . Despite efforts in recent years to address longstanding problems at the department , including reductions in backlogs for benefits and the number of homeless veterans , the long waits have continued for newly enrolled veterans to get initial appointments for care . Reasons for the chronic problems include the increasing number of veterans returning from wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and a bonus system that rewarded managers for meeting goals regarding access to treatment . The VA audit confirmed CNN reports of secret wait lists used to cover up wait times that exceeded department guidelines . The controversy led to the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , while some VA officials have been put on administrative leave pending investigations by the VA inspector general 's office and Congress . FBI getting involved On Wednesday , the FBI said it opened a criminal investigation of the VA in conjunction with the inspector general 's probe , which has expanded to 69 facilities . "  At the department 's direction , the FBI has instructed agents in its Phoenix office to conduct an investigation into the allegations related to the VA , " a Justice Department spokesman said . "  Federal prosecutors will be working with these investigators to determine whether there is a basis for criminal charges . " Meanwhile , both the House and Senate have passed legislation to permit veterans experiencing long wait times for medical appointments to seek care at non-VA facilities at the government 's expense . They now will negotiate a compromise between differences in the two measures . Interim Veterans Affairs Secretary Sloan Gibson , who took over when Shinseki stepped down , also has announced a series of steps in response to the problems . They include a hiring freeze at central headquarters and 21 regional facilities , suspension of all performance awards for senior managers in fiscal year 2014 , eliminating an unattainable goal of getting newly enrolled veterans an appointment within 14 days , and ordering an independent outside audit of VA medical care scheduling practices across the system . The VA also has contacted 50,000 veterans waiting for care and will continue reaching out to others , Gibson said after the release of the VA internal audit . Health care audits told the House committee on Thursday that such steps , while welcome , failed to address the underlying need for systemic reforms at the VA to instill a culture of serving the veterans , rather than the bureaucracy . Outside cultural assessment "  There is a pervasive VA culture that puts personal gain in the system ahead of veterans . That 's wrong , " said Tim McClain , president of Humana Government Business . Saying more than "  band-aids " were needed , McClain added that "  any long-term solution must include a culture and organizational assessment from the outside . " Betsy McCaughey , a conservative health care activist known for her opposition to President Barack Obama 's health care reforms , complained the Senate legislation included provisions that would undermine the intended goal of letting veterans access civilian medical facilities . McCaughey , the former lieutenant governor of New York , pointed out that veterans would need to prove they had experienced unacceptable waits for VA care , and that any private doctor treating them would have to first call the VA for authorization . Noting the bureaucratic dysfunction at the department , she said : "  Good luck getting anybody to answer that call . " Jesse , the VA 's acting under secretary for health , insisted the VA had the capacity to handle the system proposed in the Senate legislation , though he acknowledged that problems occurred at some facilities . The VA legislation was moving quickly through Congress , showing the political sensitivity of the issue in an election year defined by partisan divide . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi signaled Thursday that a final compromise must leave intact the government role of providing health care for veterans instead of privatizing it , as sought by GOP conservatives . Vets could get care outside VA under bill passed by House Do bonuses promote cheating ? CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	House panel looks at organizational causes of VA problems Top VA official : "  You deserve better from us " Experts : VA needs to focus on veterans , not bureaucracy House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi : Compromise on VA bill ca n't privatize veterans ' care
LAGOS , Nigeria -- Incident details : "  Armed pirates chased , boarded and hijacked a fishing trawler underway " southeast of Mogadishu , Somalia . "  Several persons armed with machine guns , rocket-propelled grenade launchers and machetes attempting to climb onboard with use of rope " at Lagos anchorage , Nigeria . The Yemeni coast guard patrols the Gulf of Aden in March . Reading the International Maritime Bureau 's Live Piracy Report a catalog of piracy reports from around the world , two names crop up with disturbing frequency : Somalia and Nigeria . The list reads like a history book telling tales of the buccaneers of old -- daring raids , kidnappings and ransoms . But these days , Africa 's pirates are using automatic weapons and grenades . Thousands of miles apart , Somalia 's and Nigeria 's pirates have no communication , and their circumstances are very different . Somalia is a barren , dusty failed state , and Somali pirates operate in the vast Gulf of Aden . Pirates in Nigeria operate from the sprawling metropolis of Lagos harbor to the riverine creeks of the Niger Delta region . But they 're after the same thing : money . Watch how negotiations with pirates take place " And to get it they seem to be feeding off each other 's ideas . "  One of the interesting things about piracy offshore West Africa is that it has started to mimic piracy trends off the Horn of Africa , places like Somalia , " explained Rolake Akinola , West Africa analyst at Control Risks . "  Some of the tactics used are increasingly sophisticated . Sophisticated weaponry is used by some of those pirate groups , and it 's becoming much more violent . " The tactics employed often involve small speedboats pulling up alongside their target , boarding and , often resorting to violence , kidnapping the crew or cargo . Watch a shipping company chief describe being hijacked " Ransoms can run into the millions of dollars . In Somalia last year , the hijacked Saudi oil tanker Sirius Star was released after a $ 3 million ransom was dropped by helicopter to the pirates . Local governments in Nigeria 's Niger Delta often keep a special fund to pay kidnappers . Hundreds have been kidnapped in the past few years , with American and British hostages in particular considered "  high-value . " In countries where the majority of the population lives on less than $ 2 a day , the ransoms are considerable amounts of money . And the money is often splashed out on flashy Humvees , flat-screen TVs and more weapons . Visiting pirates in the swamps of the Niger Delta , we were taken to the commander 's new home . Surrounded by mud huts in the mangroves , a generator powered a refrigerator filled with bottles of champagne that the men drank as they played on their imported pool table . They were all young men who complained about the lack of job opportunities and were enticed into piracy by promised riches on show at the commander 's house . Off Somalia 's coast , a NATO-led task force is trying to crack down on Somali pirates . And the U.S. Navy is making frequent visits to West Africa to train local navies to combat pirates . "  The task force are doing a fantastic job , and they are very much welcome , " said Michael Howlett , divisional director of the International Maritime Bureau . He pointed out that in February , for every eight attacks , there was only one hijacking . But the bureau also says 2009 has seen a spike in pirate attacks , particularly off the east coast of Somalia . More than 15 attacks were reported by March . With their attacks , pirates are challenging not just international shipping lanes but Africa 's rule of law . The pirates are now operating hundreds of miles from their bases . Somali pirates operate freely along the coastlines of Kenya and Tanzania , with the potential to threaten tourists on the beaches . In March , Somalis hijacked a yacht and its crew of seven off the Seychelles . Earlier this year , unknown Nigerian gunmen attacked the presidential palace in Equatorial Guinea . They were eventually chased away by a military helicopter . To combat the problem , analysts like Akinola are agreed : More is needed than military force . "  Governments need to look at some of the social and underlying economic issues that allow piracy , so issues around governance and the provision of social services to populations in many of the countries affected . "	Risk experts say pirates in East and West Africa are after the same thing Tactics and weapons are becoming more sophisticated Ransom money is spent on luxury cars , more weapons International Maritime Bureau says 2009 has seen a spike in pirate attacks
CNN  -- It captivated millions of people around the world for eight days in the summer of 1969 . It brought glory to the embattled U.S. space program and inspired beliefs that anything was possible . Moon landing hoax theorists point to the "  rippling " flag as evidence the landings were faked . It 's arguably the greatest technological feat of the 20th century . And to some , it was all a lie . Forty years after Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin set foot on the moon , a small cult of conspiracy theorists maintains the historic event -- and the five subsequent Apollo moon landings -- were staged . These people believe NASA fabricated the landings to trump their Soviet rivals and fulfill President Kennedy 's goal of ferrying humans safely to and from the moon by the end of the 1960s . "  I do know the moon landings were faked , " said crusading filmmaker Bart Sibrel , whose aggressive interview tactics once provoked Aldrin to punch him in the face . "  I 'd bet my life on it . " Sibrel may seem crazy , but he has company . A 1999 Gallup poll found that a scant 6 percent of Americans doubted the Apollo 11 moon landing happened , and there is anecdotal evidence that the ranks of such conspiracy theorists , fueled by innuendo-filled documentaries and the Internet , are growing . Twenty-five percent of respondents to a survey in the British magazine Engineering & Technology said they do not believe humans landed on the moon . A handful of Web sites and blogs circulate suspicions about NASA 's "  hoax . " And a Google search this week for "  Apollo moon landing hoax " yielded more than 1.5 billion results . "  We love conspiracies , " said Roger Launius , a senior curator at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington . "  Going to the moon is hard to understand . And it 's easier for some people to accept the answer that , ` Well , maybe we did n't go to the moon . ' A lot of it is naivete . " Conspiracy theories about the Apollo missions began not long after the last astronaut returned from the moon in 1972 . Bill Kaysing , a technical writer for Rocketdyne , which built rocket engines for NASA 's Apollo program , published a 1974 book , "  We Never Went to the Moon : America 's Thirty Billion Dollar Swindle . " In the book and elsewhere , Kaysing argued that NASA lacked the technology in 1969 to land humans safely on the moon , that the Apollo astronauts would have been poisoned by passing through the Van Allen radiation belts that ring the Earth and that NASA 's photos from the moon contained suspicious anomalies . See improved NASA footage of the 1969 moonwalk " Kaysing theorized NASA sent the Apollo 11 astronauts up in a rocket until it was out of sight , then transferred the lunar capsule and its three passengers to a military cargo plane that dropped the capsule eight days later in the Pacific , where it was recovered . In the meantime , he believed , NASA officials filmed the "  moon landing " at Area 51 , the high-security military base in the Nevada desert , and brainwashed the astronauts to ensure their cooperation . Some believe Kaysing 's theories inspired the 1978 movie "  Capricorn One , " in which NASA fakes a Mars landing on a remote military base , then goes to desperate lengths to cover it up . Others insist NASA recruited director Stanley Kubrick , hot off "  2001 : A Space Odyssey , " to film the "  faked " moon landings . Oh , and those moon rocks ? Lunar meteorites from Antarctica . Decades later , Kaysing 's beliefs formed the foundation for "  Conspiracy Theory : Did We Land on the Moon ? " a sensational 2001 Fox TV documentary that spotted eerie "  inconsistencies " in NASA 's Apollo images and TV footage . Among them : no blast craters are visible under the landing modules ; shadows intersect instead of running parallel , suggesting the presence of an unnatural light source ; and a planted American flag appears to ripple in a breeze although there 's no wind on the moon . The hour-long special sparked such interest in the topic that NASA took the unusual step of issuing a news release and posting a point-by-point rebuttal on its Web site . The press release began : "  Yes . Astronauts did land on the moon . " In various documents , NASA has countered that the Apollo astronauts passed through the Van Allen belts too quickly to be exposed to dangerous levels of radiation ; that the module 's descent engines were n't powerful enough to leave a blast crater ; that the shadows in photos were distorted by wide-angle lenses and sloping lunar terrain ; and that the Apollo flags had horizontal support bars that made the flags swing . Kaysing died in 2005 , but not before grabbing the attention of Sibrel , a Nashville , Tennessee , filmmaker who has since become the most visible proponent of the Apollo hoax theories . With funding from an anonymous donor , Sibrel wrote and directed a 47-minute documentary in 2001 that reiterated many of the now-familiar hoax arguments . Critics of moon-landing hoax theorists , and there are many , say it would be impossible for tens of thousands of NASA employees and Apollo contractors to keep such a whopping secret for almost four decades . But Sibrel believes the Apollo program was so compartmentalized that only its astronauts and a handful of high-level NASA officials knew the entire story . Sibrel spent years ambushing Apollo astronauts and insisting they swear on a Bible before his cameras that they walked on the moon . "  When someone has gotten away with a crime , in my opinion , they deserve to be ambushed , " Sibrel said . "  I 'm a journalist trying to get at the truth . " In an episode made infamous on YouTube , Sibrel confronted Aldrin in 2002 and called him "  a coward , a liar and a thief . " Aldrin , then 72 , socked the thirtysomething Sibrel in the face , knocking him backwards . "  I do n't want to call attention to the individuals who are trying to promote and shuffle off this hoax on people , " Aldrin told CNN in a recent interview . "  I feel sorry for the gullible people who 're going to go along with them . I guess it 's just natural human reaction to want to be a part of ` knowing something that somebody does n't know . ' But it 's misguided . It 's just a shame . " It 's been 37 years since the last Apollo moon mission , and tens of millions of younger Americans have no memories of watching the moon landings live . A 2005-2006 poll by Mary Lynne Dittmar , a space consultant based in Houston , Texas , found that more than a quarter of Americans 18 to 25 expressed some doubt that humans set foot on the moon . "  As the number of people who were not yet born at the time of the Apollo program increases , the number of questions -LSB- about the moon landings -RSB- also may increase , " NASA said in a statement . "  Conspiracy theories are always difficult to refute because of the impossibility of proving a negative . " Launius , the National Air and Space Museum curator , believes Apollo conspiracy theories resonate with people who are disengaged from society and distrustful of government . He also believes their numbers are overblown . "  These diehards are really vocal , but they 're really tiny , " he said . But Stuart Robbins , a Ph.D. candidate in astrophysics at the University of Colorado who gives lectures defending NASA from Apollo hoax theorists , believes their influence can be harmful . "  If people do n't think we were able to go to the moon , then they do n't believe in the ingenuity of human achievement , " he said . "  Going to the moon and returning astronauts safely back to Earth is arguably one of the most profound achievements in human history , and so when people simply believe it was a hoax , they lose out on that shared experience and doubt what humans can do . " In its information campaign against Apollo 's "  debunkers , " NASA may have a potent ace up its sleeve , however . Its Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter is now circling the moon with powerful cameras , snapping crisp pictures that could reveal Apollo 11 's Eagle lander squatting on the moon 's surface . Then again , conspiracy theorists may just say NASA doctored the photos . "  Will the LRO 's incredibly high-resolution images of the lunar surface , including , eventually , the Apollo landing sites , finally quell the lunacy of the Moon Hoax believers ? Obviously it wo n't , " writes astronomer Phil Plait in his blog on Discover magazine 's Web site . "  These true believers do n't live in an evidence-based world . "	A cult of conspiracy theorists believe NASA faked the Apollo moon landings The U.S. wanted to avoid embarrassment and trump the Soviets , hoax theorists say Theorists point to "  inconsistencies " in NASA photos and TV footage A poll shows 6 percent of Americans believe the Apollo moon landings were faked
NEW HAVEN , Connecticut  CNN  -- Slain Yale University graduate student Annie Le was intelligent , driven and destined for greatness , said those who knew her . The body of Annie Le , 24 , was found in the wall of a Yale University laboratory building Sunday . "  She was also really tenacious and had a sense of humor that was never far away , and she was tougher than you 'd think by just looking at her , " Le 's roommate , Natalie Powers , told a crowd of hundreds gathered on campus for the slain 24-year-old 's vigil Monday . Le 's body was found inside a wall at a Yale medical school building Sunday , the day she was to be married to her college sweetheart , Jonathan Widawsky , a graduate student at New York 's Columbia University . She disappeared five days before her wedding . Watch timeline leading up to Le 's death " Le and Widawsky attended the University of Rochester together , where Le majored in cell and developmental biology with a minor in medical anthropology . In a self-profile she wrote for the National Institutes of Health 's undergraduate scholarship program , Le called her biology studies "  interesting " but said she would like to pursue a research career in medical anthropology , "  which has highlighted the severity of health issues in societies worldwide . " She further wrote that she would one day like to work for the NIH or become a professor . Once at Yale , she majored in pharmacology and worked long hours in the lab where she was found dead this week . Watch how Le 's body was found " Le was scheduled to finish her postgraduate program in 2013 and had recently decided the topic of her dissertation : the effects of certain proteins on metabolic diseases like diabetes , reported the Yale Daily News , the campus newspaper . "  She was probably the most brilliant person I 've ever met in my life , " her high school friend , Laurel Griffeath , told NBC 's "  Today " show , "  but what made her more amazing was that there was an intersection of intelligence and personality and ability . " Le impressed her peers and teachers long before delving into complicated medical research . Originally from Placerville , California , Le graduated in 2003 from Union Mine High School , where she was named "  best of the best " and "  most likely to be the next Einstein , " according to CNN affiliate WFSB-TV in New Haven . Principal Tony DeVille told Le 's hometown newspaper , the Mountain Democrat , that she was "  one of the bright spots in the school 's history . " But she did n't excel solely in academic situations . Friends and professors gush when speaking of Le 's vibrant personality and her sense of humor . Le "  was as good a human being as you 'd ever hope to meet , " Powers said at the vigil . Watch why police say killing not random " Griffeath said Le knew how to balance her social life and academic responsibilities as well . "  She cared about people and she was funny , and she did n't sacrifice one part of her life for another like a lot of people kind of seem to , " Griffeath said on "  Today . " Thomas Kaplan , editor-in-chief of the Yale Daily News , described Le as "  very outgoing , a warm person . " "  She was diminutive in stature , but certainly not in personality , and that 's what I think just makes this so sad for everyone , regardless of whether you knew her , " Kaplan said of the 4-foot-11 scholar . Friends describe Widawsky as the perfect match for Le . The portrayed a young couple deeply in love , constantly on the phone with each other and eager to exchange vows . Le tackled wedding planning with the same zeal she brought to her research , friends said . "  She was just so excited about this wedding and everything from , you know , her flowers to her wedding dress and just certain details about it , " Vanessa Flores , a friend and former roommate , told CNN . "  We talked about this back in 2008 . She was already thinking about the weather -- whether June , July was going to be too hot . " Watch Flores describe Le 's plans for "  her dream day " " Friend Jennifer Simpson told CBS ' "  The Early Show " that she was heartbroken for Widawsky . "  Jon is a wonderful person , " Simpson said . "  He is very mild-mannered , very soft - and well-spoken , but very fun . " Despite Le 's zest for life , she was always careful and aware of her surroundings in New Haven , a city with about 124,000 people and its fair share of crime . "  She does n't walk around at night by herself . If she had to work late , she would make sure someone could come pick her up or walk with her , " Simpson told "  The Early Show . " Friends say they can think of no one who would want to hurt her . She was friendly with everyone , they say , and if someone had threatened or intimidated Le , her friends and family would have known about it . Watch Natalie Powers , Le 's roommate for two years , give an emotional tribute " New Haven police spokesman Joe Avery has said Le 's killing was not random , and authorities and those familiar with the campus say there are only a handful of people with access to the building where her body was found . The uncertainty surrounding Le 's killing -- and the possibility that one of its own is behind the crime -- has left the Yale campus frightened , Kaplan said . "  Only Yalies had access to that basement , and that seems to point to someone in our community being involved in this , " the editor said . Watch CNN 's Mary Snow report on a shaken Yale campus " Said Powers at the vigil , "  That this horrible tragedy happened at all is incomprehensible , but that it happened to her , I think , is infinitely more so . It seems completely senseless . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Mary Snow , Susan Candiotti , Katie Ross and LaNeice Collins contributed to this report .	Annie Le named "  most likely to be the next Einstein " in high school Friends : Le excelled in studies , including pharmacology , medical anthropology Grad student 's body found in Yale building the day she was to be married Le planned wedding with the same zeal she brought to her research , friends say
The Italian Senate passed a series of austerity measures Friday demanded by Europe , as it seeks to ward off fears of a debt-driven crisis . The package was approved by 156 votes in favor to 12 against , with one abstention . It only had to be passed by those of the 320 senators who were present for the vote . The lower house , the Chamber of Deputies , is expected to discuss the measures and vote Saturday . Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is expected to step down after the austerity measures are adopted by both houses . Intended to cut spending and boost growth , they include pension reform , with plans to raise the retirement age from 65 to 67 , the privatization of state-owned companies and sale of state-owned properties , the liberalization of certain professions and investment in infrastructure . Berlusconi assured European leaders the measures would be implemented in a letter to the European Union late last month amid concerns that the reforms might stall . As the eighth-largest economy in the world and the fourth-largest in Europe , Italy is seen as vulnerable to the debt crisis that has brought down Greece , although economists say Italy remains solvent . Italian President Giorgio Napolitano has said that after the Italian parliament passes the reforms , either an interim government will be formed or elections will be held . Italy gave indications Thursday that there may be growing support for former EU commissioner Mario Monti to take the helm in place of Berlusconi . Monti spent two hours meeting with the president Thursday evening shortly after being made a senator for life , Italy 's ANSA news agency reported . The appointment means Monti was able to vote Friday in the Senate . Berlusconi appeared to signal his support Thursday for Monti , who has a reputation as a hard-working , intellectually rigorous technocrat . In a post on Berlusconi 's official Facebook page , he wrote that he had sent a telegram to Monti congratulating him on being appointed by the president to be a "  senator for life , reflecting the outstanding achievements " in certain arenas . "  I wish him a successful job in the national interest , " Berlusconi said . Foreign Minister Franco Frattini also said he supports an emergency government of national unity led by Monti . "  He has an international profile that no one can deny , " Frattini said , according to his press office . Monti was a member of the European Commission for 10 years . For half that time he was the competition commissioner , leading high-profile anti-trust cases involving large companies including Microsoft . Investor confidence plummeted Wednesday when the yield on 10-year Italian government bonds rose above 7 % , the level at which other European countries -- including Greece , Portugal and Ireland -- have sought international bailouts . Tensions eased slightly Thursday as Italian 10-year bonds traded lower , following intervention by the European Central Bank . Italy has one of the highest national debts in Europe , about 120 % of GDP or about $ 1.9 trillion and has seen low growth in recent years .	Italy 's Senate approves the economic reforms by 156 votes in favor , 12 against The lower house is expected to discuss the measures and vote on them Saturday Once the measures are adopted , Berlusconi is expected to step down Mario Monti is touted as a possible successor
CNN  -- DNA tests confirm that Ariel Castro is the father of a 6-year-old girl born to one of the three women he is accused of keeping in captivity for more than a decade , the Ohio attorney general 's office said Friday . Castro 's DNA did not match that from any other open Ohio cases , according to Dan Tierney , a spokesman for the attorney general 's office . National results are pending through the FBI , he said . Amanda Berry 's 6-year-old daughter was among those rescued Monday when Berry escaped from the home where police say she had been held since Castro allegedly lured her into his car on April 21 , 2003 . Also freed : Michelle Knight , who disappeared in 2002 , and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , who vanished in 2004 . The man accused of abducting them spent Friday in a 9-by-9-foot northern Ohio jail cell with a bed , sink , toilet , steel door and window , through which he is watched around-the-clock , said Cuyahoga County Sheriff 's Office spokesman John O'Brien . Castro is on suicide prevention -- which is standard procedure for high-profile inmates -- according to O'Brien . A day earlier , a judge ordered he be held Thursday on $ 8 million bond on kidnapping and rape charges . Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty said he would seek additional charges against Castro for "  each and every act of sexual violence , each day of kidnapping , all his attempted murders and each act of aggravated murder . " The attempted and aggravated murders refer to instances in which Castro allegedly forced miscarriages , according to McGinty . According to an initial incident report obtained by CNN , Knight told investigators that she became pregnant at least five times while in captivity , and each time Castro would repeatedly starve and punch her in the stomach to induce a miscarriage . Prosecutors are assessing whether to pursue the death penalty , if Castro is convicted . CNN exclusive : Castro 's daughter says ` he is dead to me ' Meanwhile , questions continue to surround Knight , whose disappearance generated far less publicity and attention than did those of Berry and DeJesus . Cleveland police removed Knight 's name from an FBI database of missing people in November 2003 -- 15 months after her family reported her missing -- police said . They did so after "  failing to locate a parent , guardian or other reporting person to confirm that Ms. Knight was still missing . " Police said , though , that her missing person 's case remained open and was checked on as recently as November 2012 . Even as of Friday night , Knight had n't spoken yet with her mother , Barbara , a family spokesperson said . In fact , Knight 's family then had no idea where she was and had asked police for information on her whereabouts . Her grandmother , Deborah Knight , went to the house where DeJesus is staying on Friday , said she 'd heard Knight might be there and "  besides , Gina 's parents here have been waiting to meet us . " Without delving into specifics , a source close to the investigation told CNN that Knight "  is in a safe place and very comfortable . " Cleveland police have been subject to intense criticism from some quarters over their handling of missing persons cases , but city officials have said they did everything they could to find the missing women . In Friday 's statement , city officials said police checked on Knight 's case in November . Knight has been discharged from Cleveland 's MetroHealth Medical Center , hospital spokeswoman Tina Shaerban-Arundel said Friday hours after the hospital said in a Facebook posting that she was in "  good spirits " and "  extremely grateful " for the flowers , gifts and the support of the Cleveland Courage Fund . The latter is a vehicle for raising that helps nonprofit organizations provide services to the three women . Berry and DeJesus were released days ago and are now staying with relatives . Woman crushed by news her father allegedly abducted her friend According to the initial report , the women told investigators that they were chained in the basement of the home , but later moved upstairs to rooms on the second floor . They were allowed out of the home only twice , and then just briefly , according to the document . Castro would frequently test the women by pretending to leave and then discipline any of them if they had moved , according to a law enforcement source . Storm Pusztay , who lives behind the house , told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Friday that he spotted Castro a few times outside with the girl he believes was Berry 's daughter . Speakers often blasted loud music from the front of the house , Pusztay recalled , while dogs walked on the property . The neighbor added that Castro 's yard was further obscured by tarps he put up , and trees . "  It 's so upsetting , because he was so close , " said Pusztay , who had three daughters living with him . Castro has confessed to some of the allegations aginst him , a law enforcement source closely involved with the investigation told CNN on Thursday . Neighbor feels ` fooled ' by Cleveland abduction suspect Authorities have also been reviewing a lengthy document described by a law enforcement source as "  more of a diary " in which the source said Castro cites being abused by family members as justification for his actions . On Friday , they boarded up his Seymour Avenue home to preserve the crime scene , said Cleveland 's deputy police chief Ed Tomba . Authorities plan to later erect a fence around the home . The ordeal has rattled neighbors like Juan Perez , who had viewed Castro as a "  very social , happy-go-lucky ... good guy " but now think just the opposite . "  We feel lied to and we 're ashamed because we could n't help earlier , " an emotional Perez told CNN on Friday . " ... I just ca n't put it all together still . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Pamela Brown , Susan Candiotti and Kristen Kiraly contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's so upsetting , because he was so close , " Castro 's neighbor says DNA tests confirm that the alleged captor is the father of 6-year-old , official says Authorities board up his Cleveland home to preserve the crime scene , police say Castro is on suicide prevention in a 9-by-9 foot jail cell , spokesman says
London  CNN  -- British Home Secretary Theresa May sat down with officials from the social media industry Thursday , her office said , as the government considers trying to ban people from social networking during or after crises . But the government "  did not seek any additional powers to close down social media networks , " the Home Office said . Twitter , Facebook , and BlackBerry maker Research in Motion all declined to say beforehand what position they would take at the meeting . Top police officers and other government officials were also present for the meeting , which follows riots that swept England earlier this month . Prime Minister David Cameron suggested limits on social networking in the wake of the unrest . He told Parliament August 11 that "  when people are using social media for violence , we need to stop them . " Thursday 's meeting was about "  whether and how we should be able to stop people communicating via these websites and services when we know they are plotting violence , disorder and criminality , " the Home Office said in a statement prior to the discussion . "  Social networking is not a cause of the recent disturbances but a means of enabling criminals to communicate , " it said . "  We are working with the police to see what action can be taken to prevent access to those services by customers identified as perpetrators of disorder or other criminal action , " the ministry said . Police and politicians have pointed to social networking sites , such as Twitter and Facebook , as well as mobile messaging services like BlackBerry 's , as tools used to organize looting and violence . Two men have been sent to prison for posts on Facebook urging people to riot in northwest England . Cheshire Police named them as Jordan Blackshaw , 20 , and Perry Sutcliffe-Keenan , 22 , when they were sentenced last week . Neither of their Facebook posts resulted in any rioting , a Cheshire Police spokeswoman said . In handing down the sentence at Chester Crown Court , Judge Elgan Edwards said he hoped the sentence would serve as a deterrent to others . Cheshire Police Assistant Chief Constable Phil Thompson said "  technology was used to spread incitement and bring people together to commit acts of criminality , " making it "  easy to understand the four-year sentences that were handed down in court . " The unrest , which was sparked by the shooting of a man in London August 6 , led to widespread looting and damage . Five deaths have been linked to the violence . The Association of Chief Police Offices sent a representative to Thursday 's meeting , it confirmed , but declined to give any other details , saying it was a private meeting . The group has not taken a position on whether people should be barred from social networking . London 's Metropolitan Police also declined to say what its position would be at the meeting . CNN 's Andrew Carey and David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : The government did not seek new powers to shut down social media networks , it says Home Secretary Theresa May called a meeting with social media representatives and police after riots The government is considering "  whether and how we should be able to stop people " from using sites like Twitter Two men were imprisoned last week for using Facebook to urge riots
CNN  -- For most of us , hotel pillows are an afterthought . It takes a night of compromised sleeping positions and desperate pillow kneading in an attempt to create matter where none exists to highlight their actual significance . But there 's much to know about these under-appreciated accoutrements of the travel biz . As Keith Pierce , executive vice president for brand operations at Wyndham Hotel Group told us , "  There 's more to pillows than just pillows . " Like what ? Glad you asked . 1 . That annoying pillow tag ? It fought smallpox The tags attached to pillows and comforters in the United States that list the exact percentages of fills , be they foam or down ? According to the International Association of Bedding and Furniture Law Officials , it 's known as a law label . While it might seem like government red tape , it 's actually a product of the 1800s when some less-than-scrupulous business people were stuffing their pillows and mattresses with old hospital blankets that might have carried smallpox and tuberculosis . Sleep tight . And smallpox free ! 2 . Your hotel pillow is probably younger than the one you have at home According to Kris Beck at Hilton Worldwide , a synthetic pillow lasts approximately 18 to 24 months when cared for and laundered properly , while a down or feather pillow can last 24 to 36 months . Keith Pierce from Wyndham says that pillows at Microtel locations -- the budget arm of the Wyndham Hotel Group -- last less than 24 months , with properties replacing a third of their inventory every 6 to 8 months . For Microtel , that means a purchase of 20,000 pillows in 2012 . Wyndham as a whole purchased more than a million pillows last year alone . 3 . Housekeepers and hot dog vendors have something in common Rather than tucking a laundered pillowcase under their chin , hospitality expert Jacob Tomsky says that hotel housekeepers have a chop-and-fold method of slipping pillows into pillowcases . "  Kind of like a hot dog bun , " he says . A 10-year veteran of the hotel business , Tomsky 's New York Times bestselling book "  Heads in Beds : A Reckless Memoir of Hotels , Hustles , and So-Called Hospitality " was published last year . The hot dog bun trick could come in handy at home . Surely there 's a Youtube video out there . 4 . In the hotel biz , BYOP = WTF Tomsky says that one thing that drives housekeepers bonkers is people who bring their own pillows . "  That housekeeper is going to see hundreds of thousands of hotel pillows , " he explains . "  Why would you need to bring your own ? " For guests allergic to down-filled pillows , Tomsky says that hotels keep a large supply of foam pillows . While theft is n't that common ,  though Tomsky notes that some people will even take the batteries from the remote control  the occasional guest will steal the pillows from the bed and pack them right into their bags . 5 . Not all rock stars trash hotel rooms the same way Tomsky tells the story of the singer of a classic rock band who wanted 15 pillows for his bed . As requested , the pillows were piled on his bed in a huge pyramid . The next morning ? "  They were scattered all over the floor , " says Tomsky . "  There is no way to sleep on that . " Tell us who it is , please ? Steven Tyler ? Bon Jovi ? The Nuge ? Maybe Meatloaf or Styx warbler Dennis DeYoung ? When pressed for the name , Tomsky , a true hotelier to his discreet core , declines to provide personal information concerning one of his guests . 6 . If you want a firm pillow , Singapore is the place Many hotels are known for their "  pillow menus , " which give guests the choice of what they rest their head upon . But few pillow menus are as varied as the list at Conrad Centennial Singapore , which has 16 pillows guests can choose from . Alongside down and foam options are buckwheat , tatami and porcelain . Porcelain pillows , as well as ones made from jade , wood and bronze , were popular in China from the 6th to early 20th centuries . 7 . You can get your hotel pillow personalized At the Beverly Hills Peninsula , VIP , suite and villa guests , and guests who have stayed five days at the property , get to sleep on pillowcases monogrammed with their initials . The hotel has more than a 1,000 pillowcases on hand in a variety of initial combinations , though for the Isabel Isaacs and Zachary Xaviers out there , monogramming a new pillow only takes five to 10 minutes . At the end of their stay , guests can take their pillowcases with them or opt to have them boxed for their next stay at the Peninsula . In addition , many chains have websites such as hiltontohome.com and ritzcarltonshops.com that allow people to purchase hotel pillows for their homes . 8 . Do n't think too hard about your hotel pillow ... or this article Jacob Tomsky says , like death and deli meat , people do n't think much about the life of a hotel pillow . And that 's a good thing . "  When you put your head on a pillow it would blow your mind to think about how many other heads have been on that pillow , " he says . "  If you go to a hotel and come back a year later and stay in the same room , you 're going to put your head on the same pillow and there are a lot of people who have done a lot of things on that pillow on the meantime . "  Whatever people do in their rooms , pillows are always there . They 're either directly involved or very nearby . "	The Wyndham Hotel Group purchased more than a million pillows last year That annoying pillow tag ? It helped fight smallpox Some hotel guests bring their own pillows . Housekeepers find this annoying Your hotel pillow is probably younger than the one you have at home
There 's a problem haunting the digital-coupon world : Once people use a coupon , they usually do n't come back . But Seth Priebatsch , the young founder of a game-life app called SCVNGR and one of the foremost thinkers on using technology to make life more of a game , says he has a fix for that . It 's an app called LevelUp , and it 's launching in two new cities -- New York and San Francisco -- on Wednesday , Priebatsch said . "  The data  about the app 's use  has been just so freaking off-the-charts amazing , " he said . In pilot cities where the app is already available -- Philadelphia and Boston -- more than 40 % of the people who used the app to make a purchase came back to the same retail store within a month , Priebatsch said . Other coupon sites are reported to have lower return rates . A Groupon spokeswoman declined to comment or provide statistics for this story . The difference with LevelUp , says Priebatsch , is in ease of use and game mechanics . Here 's how you use it : LevelUp users download an app and link it to a credit card . The app generates a unique QR code  those black-and-white checkerboard things  , which can be scanned at stores to make a payment and to earn LevelUp deals . This happens all at once . If you 're at the Kingston Station Restaurant in Boston , for example , and you pay with LevelUp , then you automatically get a $ 10 discount that 's offered through the app . Compare that with Groupons , which you have to buy in advance , print out and take with you to the store or restaurant . LevelUp works right in the moment . The app also builds in an incentive for you to return to that business . As its name suggests , customers "  level up " when they make purchases , letting them unlock better and better deals as they return to a location over and over again . In the Kingston Station example , you 'll earn a $ 20 discount after you 've spent a total of $ 150 at that restaurant . It 's a digital version of those punch-card coupons , but there 's not a paper card to lose , and it gets punched automatically when you pay with the app . The app is also toying with more game-like features in the future . This makes sense in part because Priebatsch is also the founder of SCVNGR , a real-world game app that takes users on scavenger hunts through parks , museums and businesses . If you take a friend to lunch and pay with the app , each of you gets a $ 5 coupon , for example . And , in the future , the company is working on a promotion called Make It Rain , in which you 'll get a special discount if you make a purchase at a LevelUp merchant while it 's raining in your city , since that 's when restaurants are slow . The app is adding social and game-like features slowly to avoid "  the Blippy dichotomy of doom , " he said , referring to a social site that lets users automatically share their credit card purchases on Twitter , freaking many people out . It 's also worth noting that LevelUp does n't take a cut of your purchases , which , according to Priebatsch , makes it a better deal for the businesses that use it . "  The coolest part -- and there 's some magic here -- is that when you pay with LevelUp , the merchant actually pays about 50 % less in their payment processing fees than the card that you would have paid with in the first place , " he said . Instead , he said , LevelUp charges participating businesses a monthly fee of $ 55 after an initial three-month trial period during which the service is free . The app has 100,000 users in Boston and Philadelphia , he said , and LevelUp deals are available in about 500 businesses in those two test cities . About 800 businesses in San Francisco and New York have signed up with the service , he said , but not all will be active at the time of the app 's launch in those cities Wednesday . If you give the app a try , let us know what you think in the comments section .	LevelUp is an app that offers deals and payments The app launches in New York and San Francisco on Wednesday Users link a credit card to the app ; when they pay , they automatically get discounts The app also builds in an incentive for you to return to a business
Combat strikes against ISIS have put the terror group on the defensive , the commander of U.S. military operations against ISIS said Monday . "  ISIS  operationally is probably on the defense to hold what they have gained , " Gen. James Terry , commander of Operation Inherent Resolve , told reporters in Kuwait . Coalition airstrikes have caused ISIS to have difficulty moving and communicating . "  Initially we saw a lot of movement ... with technical vehicles , heavy machine guns , " he said . "  It was a very mobile force but quite frankly when they stick their head up now , we make sure that capability is degraded . " Still , he said the group is "  able to conduct some limited attacks " to support their messaging . Countries in the region and NATO members will send an additional 1,500 troops to combat ISIS , which Terry called a "  threat to region . " The additional forces will be there to "  build partner capacity , " meaning training Iraqi security forces and advising and assisting operations . The United States already has 1,500 American troops in Iraq . The pledge was made during what he called an "  outstanding conference " in the region held December 2-3 . "  One of the priorities is to build this coalition and hold this coalition together , " he said . Terry said he did n't currently see the need for U.S. ground troops in the form of ground controllers for airstrikes or forward deployed operations , but like Joint Chiefs Chairman , Gen. Martin Dempsey , Terry said should the need arise , he would "  certainly ask for it . " The focus now , he said , is on balancing the commitments from other nations . "  A lot of coalition members come together with different capabilities , " he said . Iraqi security forces on the ground are also making progress , conducting 15 operations so far , including the recapture of the Mosul dam and the Baiji oil refinery , two key infrastructure targets . Still the commander said they could still be months or years away from launching major offensive operations . "  While they still have a long way to go , I think they are becoming more capable everyday , " Terry said . READ MORE : ISIS 's brutal beheading video : Search for clues	Gen. James Terry says ISIS is having trouble moving now "  When they stick their head up now , we make sure that capability is degraded " He said he does n't see the need for U.S. ground troops -- for now
CNN  -- Immigration is the only issue where a political candidate can totally do the bidding of the K Street lobbyists and still be hailed as compassionate and humane . At CNN 's Republican National Security Debate this past Tuesday , former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich reconfirmed his longstanding immigration policy : -- A commitment to enhanced border security -- A guest worker program -- Individual hearings for each of 12 million or so illegal aliens , at which those with long ties to the country will gain residency rights -- No citizenship for illegal entries On its face , this program is unworkable . Examine each piece in turn : Why the border ? The border is the wrong place to stop illegal immigration , if only because tighter security would n't stop the up to 45 % of the illegal population who enter the country legally , then overstay their visas , as estimated by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security . The right place to stop illegality is the workplace . If employers faced an effective requirement to hire only legal workers , and meaningful penalties for breaking the law , we 'd change the incentive structure that creates the problem in the first place . As is , employers are punished only if they can be shown to have employed illegal labor "  knowingly , " meaning that so long as the employee produces a valid-seeming Social Security number , the employer goes scot-free . Even if somehow caught , the fines are small . Under those circumstances , you could deploy the whole U.S. Army on the Mexican border and hardly make an impact on the problem . Immigration enforcement inescapably impinges on employers , especially employers in low-wage industries such as restaurants , hotels , groundskeeping and meatpacking , whose voices are heard through those K Street lobbyists . Border security is the policy you endorse if you do n't want to impinge on employers . Which means that border security is the policy you endorse if you do n't want your immigration enforcement to succeed . Why guest workers ? The United States in 2011 does not exactly suffer from a labor shortage . The unemployment rates for the most recent immigrants are particularly bad : the Latino unemployment rate is almost 12 % , the unemployment rate for people without a high school diploma is almost 14 % . How can you imagine that the US needs an even larger population of low-skilled labor ? When most Americans hear the phrase "  guest worker , " they think "  agricultural labor . " But past guest worker proposals have not been so limited . Such proposals generally provide that when employers can not attract labor of a specific type at a specific wage , they may import that labor from abroad , and not only from Mexico  a middle-income country by world standards  , but from genuinely poor countries such as Indonesia , Egypt or Vietnam . The only requirement is that guest workers be paid above the U.S. minimum wage . Employers in difficult or dangerous industries such as nursing homes or garbage recycling can find Americans today who will do very hard work at very low wages . But such employees will not necessarily be grateful for the opportunity , and they will know that they can quit the job without forfeiting their right to remain in the country . Guest working is the policy you endorse if your labor market priority is a cheaper and more pliable work force . Why hearings ? Gingrich had a good applause line about uprooting the illegal alien who has sunk 25-year roots in the country and has citizen children and grandchildren . But how do you tell the difference between that person and between the illegal alien who has been present for 20 years ? Or two years ? Or two months ? Gingrich proposes individualized hearings by citizen courts . But 12 million hearings ? Really ? Even if we could somehow complete a hearing an hour , you are talking about 1.5 million person-days , or 5,769 person-years . And that 's assuming the courts approved the concept , which they very well might not . The idea is unworkable on its face . It would rapidly disintegrate into something very like blanket approvals of whole categories of illegals -- in other words , into some kind of qualified amnesty . Hearings are the policy you endorse if your real goal is to find a way to represent amnesty as something other than amnesty . Why not citizenship ? Gingrich proposes to confer on much of the 12 million illegal population the right to live and work in the United States , but not citizenship . That is , not the right to vote . At a stroke , the measure would create a huge class of subordinated workers in this country . But it would also do something else , something very politically ingenious . The newly legalized residents of the United States would no longer have reason to hide from the Census Bureau . They 'd be enumerated just in time for 2020 . Immigration magnet states such as Texas , Arizona and Florida would gain increased representation in Congress and greater clout in the Electoral College . But because those new residents would not be able to vote , the clout would be exercised only by the state 's older citizen population , and it would be that way for years to come .  Of the top 10 illegal immigration states , only four are blue states : California , New York , Illinois and New Jersey . Were illegal aliens to gain the franchise , they 'd likely vote overwhelmingly Democratic . Even in the Republican year 2004 , the Democrats swept voters with incomes of less than $ 15,000 by a 63 % to 36 % margin , and voters with family incomes of $ 15,000 - $ 30,000 by a 57 % to 42 % margin . As noncitizens , the former illegals would not vote at all . Noncitizenship is the policy you advocate if you want to expand the low-wage work force while tamping down the number of low-wage Democratic voters . Is there a better way ? There is , and it 's the way advocated by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney . 1 : Enforce the immigration laws at the workplace , removing the magnet that draws new illegal workers and encouraging the existing illegal population to return home . Yes , that population includes people who have been present in the country for more than 20 years and wo n't return . It also includes people who have been in the country less than 20 months and might well return if they can not find work in the U.S. 2 : Pause to assess . See how much an enforcement-first policy reduces the illegal population . The best estimates suggest that the recession of 2008-2009 sent perhaps 1.7 million illegals back home . A prolonged period of enforcement -- and the removal of the offer of early amnesty -- would likely reduce the illegal population even more . 3 : Debate and decide on any future amnesty proposal after enforcement has taken effect , not before . If any approach to immigration deserves to be described as "  humane , " it is the approach that begins with concern for the stagnating wages of American workers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Newt Gingrich 's plan does n't solve immigration problem By emphasizing border security , it neglects role of employers as magnet , he says Holding individual hearings on 12 million illegal immigrants is unworkable , Frum says Frum : Gingrich plan would hurt American workers whose wages are stagnating
CNN  -- A toddler was found sleeping in a parked car outside a Connecticut bar early Saturday , hours after police discovered her allegedly intoxicated and incapacitated mother sleeping inside the bar . Shortly before midnight Friday , Bristol police officers responded to a call about an intoxicated woman sleeping at City Sports . The woman , identified as 22-year-old Kelsey James , was taken to Bristol Hospital for treatment and evaluation , according to a Bristol police press release . More than five hours later , James was lucid and asked hospital staff about her 2-year-old daughter , police said . Police officers obtained a description of James ' car , which was parked in the City Sports parking lot . Police found the toddler sleeping in a car seat . The child was taken to Bristol Hospital for evaluation and was being held for Connecticut child welfare authorities , police said . James , a Bristol resident , was arrested Saturday and charged with risk of injury to a minor and leaving an unsupervised child in a motor vehicle . She was released on a $ 50,000 surety bond for appearance in Bristol Superior Court on September 2 , police said . Attempts to reach James for comment were unsuccessful . Should the government step in to prevent hot car deaths ? On Wednesday , the Connecticut medical examiner ruled the death of a 15-month-old boy who was left in his father 's car in July a homicide . The cause of Benjamin Seitz 's death was hyperthermia because of environmental exposure , the state medical examiner said . On July 7 , Kyle Seitz was supposed to drop his son off at day care in Ridgefield , Connecticut , but the dropoff never occurred , his wife , Lindsey Rogers-Seitz told CNN last month . Seitz drove to work , and at the end of the day , picked Ben up at day care , only to realize he was not there . That was when Seitz found his son in the car . He rushed the child to the hospital , but Ben had died . No criminal charges have beeen filed in the boy 's death , but state prosecutors said the investigation was continuing . Benjamin Seitz 's death came in the wake of the June case of 22-month-old Cooper Harris , whose death after being left in a hot car in Georgia drew international attention .	Police say mother was in bar while daughter slept in car The child is taken to a Connecticut hospital for evaluation Mom faces two charges
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It is n't clear whether the United States will ever be able to declare victory in Iraq , the top U.S. commander there said Thursday . Army Gen. Ray Odierno speaks to reporters at the Pentagon on Thursday . "  I 'm not sure we will ever see anyone declare victory in Iraq , because first off , I 'm not sure we 'll know for 10 years or five years , " Army Gen. Ray Odierno told reporters at the Pentagon . About 123,000 U.S. troops are in Iraq now , and President Obama says all combat forces will be gone by the end of August 2010 , leaving as many as 50,000 noncombat troops to advise and train Iraqi forces before leaving by the end of 2011 . Odierno has said he wants to draw down the U.S. forces at a faster rate than planned if the security situation allows it . On Thursday , he said he expected the number of U.S. troops to drop to 120,000 by the end of October , and to as few as 110,000 by the end of 2009 . "  What we 've done here is we 're giving Iraq an opportunity in the long term to be a strategic partner of the United States , but more importantly , be a partner in providing regional stability inside of the Middle East , " Odierno said . Odierno also highlighted continuing security issues inside the country , saying Iraqi security forces have recently seized several "  very large " caches of Iranian-made rockets and armor-piercing munitions known as explosively formed penetrators , or EFPs . "  If you 're training people ... in Iran to come back into Iraq , and you 're providing them rockets and other things , I call that significant because it still enables people to conduct attacks not only on U.S. forces but on Iraqi civilians , " Odierno said . At a congressional hearing Wednesday , Odierno said the main threat to stability in Iraq are Arab-Kurd tensions , adding there has been difficulty bringing the two sides together for possible joint patrols . "  We 've had some very good meetings , " he said . "  But we still have some ways to go on that . "	U.S. Army Gen. Ray Odierno makes remark to reporters at Pentagon About 123,000 U.S. troops in Iraq ; could drop to 110,000 by January , he says Odierno : Iraqi security forces recently seized caches of Iranian-made weapons
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- The weather system known as Bonnie has been downgraded from a tropical storm to a tropical depression as it moves across the Gulf of Mexico -- and there are indications it may not get too much stronger . As of 11 p.m. ET , the system was moving through the eastern Gulf after crossing southern Florida earlier Friday . It had maximum sustained winds of 35 mph . The depression was moving west-northwest at a very fast clip for such weather systems -- 17 mph . Forecasters from the National Hurricane Center said the storm was expected to cross over the Gulf coast , anywhere from Louisiana to southeastern Texas , late Saturday night , earlier than had been anticipated previously . The fast pace means it wo n't be spending as much time over the warm Gulf water , leaving less time to build up strength . CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers said an area of low pressure in the Gulf has been creating some competing winds that have been pulling clouds away from the cyclone and weakening it . Still , the hurricane center said the system may slow , and a tropical storm warning is in effect from Destin , Florida , to Morgan City , Louisiana , including Lake Pontchartrain . And Bonnie still could bring drenching rain to Louisiana and other states along the coast , the hurricane center said , creating a storm surge ranging from two to four feet . The hurricane center said Bonnie could bring one to three inches of rain across the region , with rainfall of five inches in some areas . Bonnie made landfall as a tropical storm earlier Friday near Biscayne Bay in southeastern Florida , with maximum sustained winds of 40 mph . But it weakened as it crossed over the state . Even though Bonnie has weakened , uncertainty over the weather already has hampered operations at BP 's cripped well in the Gulf . BP suspended work on a relief well to permanently seal the damaged well . And the federal official overseeing the effort , retired Adm. Thad Allen , ordered ships in the area to shore because of the choppy seas and gusty winds that Bonnie will bring . That could delay operations atthe well site for 10 to 14 days . But Allen said there 's enough confidence in the well 's "  integrity " that it will be left capped and closed during the rough weather . Ships used to skim oil off the surface will have to come ashore as well . Hundreds have been operating off the coast . Meanwhile , states of emergency have been declared in both Louisiana and Mississippi . The emergency declarations are intended to speed state help to local goverments that need it and allow emergency crews to respond more efficiently . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said Thursday afternoon it 's "  good for Louisiana " that the weather system is moving so fast , since it may not strengthen significantly and is likely to move across Louisiana fairly quickly . Still , he said about a half dozen Louisiana parishes have called for voluntary evacuations from low-lying areas and mobile home parks . The Louisiana Department of Children and Family Services encouraged residents Friday to prepare for the storm by pre-applying for Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits , previously known as Disaster Food Stamps . The program offers help buying groceries for those who do not regularly receive nutrition assistance but who are affected by lost wages or damages because of a disaster . Officials said that pre-applying does not guarantee benefits but is designed to prevent long waits . The weather system earlier drenched the Bahamas , Puerto Rico , Haiti and the Dominican Republic as it moved from the Caribbean to the Atlantic . When it reached Florida , residents in Cutler Bay saw tree branches littering the roads as Bonnie passed through Miami-Dade County . "  It was pouring rain for four to five hours straight , " said Matthew Slack , a bartender at Cutler Bay Sports Bar and Grill . But he added , "  It 's not that bad . It 's like a regular summer storm in Miami . " The storm also slowed business in southern Florida . "  We 've had a lot of people call and say they might have to cancel due to the storm , " said Susie Bishop of Continental Inn Condominiums in Marathon , Florida . "  I had a few people leave a few days early . " CNN meteorologist Sean C. Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Tropical Depression Bonnie is moving through the eastern Gulf of Mexico The storm 's fast pace and a low pressure system in the Gulf may limit its strength Louisiana and Mississippi declare emergencies Storm warning covers western Florida to Louisiana
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a bestselling author whose new book is "  Late Edition : A Love Story . " Bob Greene says a small town in Ohio is one of the most inspiring places in the United States . CNN  -- All over the world this weekend , people are peering up into the night , trying to catch a glimpse of a sliver of the moon . They 're thinking about the moon because of Monday 's 40-year anniversary of mankind 's first lunar landing . And more than a few people are undoubtedly allowing themselves to dream of traveling to the moon themselves . It 's not going to happen . For almost all of us , it can be said with certainty : We 're never going to go to the moon . But there 's good news : We can go to Wapakoneta . Wapakoneta is a town of barely 9,000 people in northwestern Ohio . It may be , in its own quiet way , the most inspiring single place in the United States . I-75 runs right past it ; in your car , it 's there and then it 's gone before you even know it . Yet if you make the decision to leave the interstate and turn onto Bellefontaine Street , which takes you into town , you will find yourself thinking about life 's most glorious possibilities in a way you seldom have before . Each time I go to Wapakoneta , I try to put into words the feeling of walking those small-town streets , and each time I fear I come up short . But the lesson of Wapakoneta remains constant . A boy from this town -- a boy born here , a boy whose father , a mid-level state employee , was required to move from city to city some twenty different times before ending up back in Wapakoneta for the boy 's high school years -- looked up at the Ohio sky and decided that he would soar . If the town at times felt cloistered and confining -- if the horizons the boy could physically view on the flat landscape of Auglaize County appeared circumscribed -- he did not let that stop him . Down through the ages , it was the one task that was almost beyond conceiving , never mind beyond doing . Until , on July 20 , 1969 , Neil Armstrong , of Wapakoneta , walked on the moon . You want to talk about the strength of the human will -- of the American will ? You want to talk about absolute proof that no matter where you 're from , if you set your heart to it , you can do anything ? Take a trip to Wapakoneta . Stroll through the neighborhoods , stop in at the stores , maybe catch a movie at the old Wapa Theater on Willipie Street . Try to imagine being the boy who did exactly that , when no one knew his name . His family had had to pick up and move so often , because of his dad 's job , that no one could have blamed him if his only desire had been to finally cling to one place . But he decided that if he was destined always to be in motion , then he should make the most of it . He was fifteen when , his family living back in Wapakoneta again , he signed up for lessons at the airstrip north of town . He had made up his mind : He wanted to escape the earth 's bonds . The moon was not the dream . The moon was merely the eventual landing strip . The dream was to fly . Walk around that town . If you 're feeling hemmed in by life , if all your prospects seem to have dried up , if you feel stuck in place , walk around Wapakoneta . Then ask yourself : Is there anything that can stop a person whose belief in what he can accomplish is fierce and unyielding enough ? There is a little museum in town -- you can see it from I-75 -- that is dedicated to the life of the boy who once walked those same streets . The thing I have always loved best about the museum is the display of newspaper front pages from around the world on the day after the moon landing . Every front page in every city in every country on the globe ran huge headlines announcing that the impossible had become real : that a man had walked on the moon . Some of the papers said just that -- that a man had reached the moon . Some made it more parochial -- they said that an American had walked on the moon . But the Wapakoneta Daily News said it in the only good and proper way it could be said , in that town , on that day : "  Neil Steps on the Moon . " We all need to be reminded , from time to time , of just what we can do . We all , no matter where we live , have moments when we think that the odds are just too great , that life 's grandest accomplishments are for someone else . And it 's probably true that none of us will ever know the feeling of stepping onto the surface of the moon . But this is really not about the moon . This is about the limitless capacity of the human heart . So if there are moments when you begin to question what is out there for you , here 's a suggestion : Come to Wapakoneta sometime . And look at the sky . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Wapakoneta is a tiny town in northwest Ohio The town is Neil Armstrong 's birthplace and where he dreamed of flying Greene says the mission to the moon is a symbol of what we can achieve Greene : "  This is about the limitless capacity of the human heart . "
CNN  On the glass entrance to the Woody Guthrie Center in Tulsa , Oklahoma , you 'll find all the usual museum particulars : Closed Monday , here 's our website , find us on Twitter , etc. . And then this : "  No Weapons Allowed Except Guitars . " It 's tribute to the fact that Guthrie -- who wrote "  This Land is Your Land " and who basically was Bob Dylan before Bob Dylan was Bob Dylan -- used folk music to battle indifference to social inequities in the 1930s and '40s . His stories were those of Dust Bowl refugees fleeing the Great Plains for California ; of underpaid workers ; of people who believed in the promise and spirit of America but who the country sold short . "  I 'm too sober to foreclose on a widow . " That 's from one of his notebooks at the Center . We need more Woody Guthrie today . On Tuesday , President Barack Obama is expected , once again , to make a plea for the country to address its blemish that 's bigger than the one in Bieber 's mug shot : income inequality . As was the case in Guthrie 's time , we 're living in two Americas , not one . In the rich America , the one inhabited by members of Congress , a majority of whom are now millionaires , finding work and living comfortably is easy as ever . In poorer America , jobs are scarce and pay nothing close to a living wage . The middle has hollowed out . Our economy has been Grand Canyoning since the late 1970s . Measured by the wonky gini coefficient , the United States is now more economically split than countries like Venezuela , Russia and the United Kingdom . We 're among the worst in the developed world . You probably do n't need me to tell you that . There are hundreds of articles on this subject , on every major website . And the president , to his credit , has brought this up again and again . In his 2012 State of the Union , he called income inequality "  the defining issue of our time . " The problem : No one 's listening . Not really . His job approval rating is at 40 % , according to Gallup , for a variety of reasons . And , let 's face it , the State of the Union can be a snoozefest . Viewership , according to Nielsen , is steadily down over Obama 's presidency , from 52.4 million viewers in 2009 to 33.5 million in 2013 , a decline of 36 % . And half the fun of the State of the Union in the GIF era is watching to see if "  Grumpy Cat " John Boehner is capable of emotion and what the Supreme Court justices might be muttering to themselves . People understand income inequality is a thing , now . And maybe that 's a start . But I 'd argue few understand why , beyond the numbers , it really matters . That 's where defiant songwriters like Guthrie should come in . As Facebook was quick to tell me , contenders for the title of modern Woody Guthrie do exist . Suggestions you posted there ranged from Kanye West to The Knife , a Swedish electronic group , and John Fullbright , a singer-songwriter from Oklahoma . And it was easy enough to see music still has a social edge if you watched the Grammy Awards on Sunday . I was moved by Macklemore 's performance of "  Same Love , " during which several couples , gay and straight , were married . Meanwhile , New Zealand 's Lorde won song of the year for "  Royals , " which touches on the class divide and wealth . Chorus : "  We will never be Royals . It do n't run in our blood . " We need more brave artists like those in our culture . When I visited the Woody Guthrie Center in December , I saw a copy of the original manuscript to his most famous song , "  This Land Is Your Land . " It 's the kind of thing you almost do n't stop to look at , because you figure you know the words . "  This land was made for you and me . " But a friend pointed out two original verses that , I 've since read , were written in 1940 but were omitted from the popular recording in 1944 . They 're also the verses with real staying power . Here they are , as archived by woodyguthrie.org : As I went walking I saw a sign there And on the sign it said "  No Trespassing . " But on the other side it did n't say nothing , That side was made for you and me . In the shadow of the steeple I saw my people , By the relief office I seen my people ; As they stood there hungry , I stood there asking Is this land made for you and me ? No wonder the Occupiers adopted Guthrie as a folk hero . If only they had his wit and vision , maybe the rest of us would have paid more attention . The "  I seen my people " verse , the song 's sixth , is the most haunting and relevant in 2014 . The problem today , as I see it , is that most of us have n't seen our people . This is the real threat of income inequality : Not that some people are rich and the everyone else is jealous of them , as the Romney camp postulated , but that the gap between the haves and have-nots has grown so wide that we do n't see each other . I witnessed this last year on a trip to the "  most unequal place in America , " East Carroll Parish , Louisiana . The rich are on one side of a lake in that parish ; the poor the other . There are people who know almost nothing of how the other side lives . Along with gaps in income come gaps in empathy and trust . Violence , mental illness and all sorts of social ills , can follow , as researchers argue in a powerful book called "  The Spirit Level : Why Greater Equality Makes Societies Stronger . " Just look to Scandinavia to see relative equality is more harmonious . These gaps emerge in communities across America . Rich and poor live side by side in large cities , but we still remain invisible -- intentionally so , painfully so . Atlanta , where I live , reportedly bulldozed a tent camp under a major interstate this month . Officials cited safety reasons . That it was unsightly and commonly seen could well have had something to do with it , too . Those of us who are lucky to be comfortably employed are too quick to forget about what it 's like to really struggle . And we do n't like to see the people who are struggling . As they stood there hungry , I stood there asking Is this land made for you and me ? America is comfortable saying this is a land made ... for me . Our challenge : Realizing that this country only remains the land of opportunity if it works for all of us . Not just the pop stars , most of whom are so obsessed with their own fame and gratification that they barely give a nod to reality ; not just for Wall Street ; and not just for those of us lucky to have an education , health care and housing . For all of us . "  I am out to sing songs that will prove to you that this is your world , " Guthrie once said . Take that as a challenge . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	CNN 's John Sutter visits the Woody Guthrie Center in Tulsa , Oklahoma He says the singer 's populist ethic is sorely needed in modern music Sutter : President keeps talking about income inequality but it does n't sink in
CNN  -- A twister filled with man-eating sharks is about to hit New York City -- at least on your television screen . "  Sharknado 2 : The Second One " debuts Wednesday on the Syfy network , and many fans are anxious to see if it has teeth . It 's the sequel to 2013 's TV movie-turned-pop cultural phenomenon "  Sharknado , " which set social media afire . There are high expectations for it , even if one of the stars thinks the name is less than inspired . " ` Sharknado 2 , ' really guys ? " asked Mark McGrath , who joins the franchise as the best friend of protagonist Ian Ziering . "  You guys have a lunch break when you were making up the title ? " Last summer , "  Sharknado " churned up a storm of laughs and 5.3 million viewers over the course of three airings on Syfy . Audiences got creative , with A-listers live-tweeting and shark memes circling the Web . Stars Ziering and Tara Reid return in the sequel to take on the freak weather system and save the Big Apple . Ziering entered into the halls of outrageous pop culture with a climactic scene in which his character , Fin Shepard , makes a grand escape from the inside of a shark 's belly by employing a chain saw . Fans hope "  The Second One " will be just as outlandish . "  The whole thing is over the top . We have gone bigger and better in all regards , ' " said Thunder Levin , the screenwriter for both films . "  Expect to see the shark mayhem move to New York City , and by definition anything that happens in New York tends to be bigger and better . " Facing pressure from producers to replicate that iconic , gory scene with Ziering , Levin said he believes he has devised the perfect solution . "  I was 10 pages into script before that moment came to me , " Levin said . "  I e-mailed the director , told him that 's what I wanted to do , and he loved it . And I said , ` OK , do n't tell anyone . ' I wanted everyone else to read it as it naturally developed in the script . So for a month or so I had producers and directors breathing down my neck wanting to know what this moment will be , but I fended them off until I sent off the script . And luckily they loved it . I think the audience will like it , too . " Of course , you will have to watch to find out about the grisly scene . Bringing such outrageous episodes to life in the heart of New York had its own challenges , including filming for hours in the cold of a bitter winter  disguised as summer for the movie  , paparazzi lurking behind taxis , and , literally , rubber sharks flying through the air . While filming a busy scene , McGrath found himself standing on top of a taxicab , ready to swing himself into the shark-infested cyclone . "  They go , ` All right Mark , grab onto the rope and swing across Broadway 50 feet , and jump off on the other side , ' " McGrath said . "  I 'm like ` It 's a string , how is anybody going to buy that ? ' And so we were doing it and jumping onto a mat like 2 feet off the ground . Oh boy , the sharknado looks great . ... These guys do amazing work in  post-production  . " The "  Sharknado " TV movies are not the first or last to take on the topic of vicious sharks attacking vulnerable humans  although , they are perhaps the first to have sharks soaring overhead in a tornado  . The movies pay tribute to some of their predecessors while also trying to bring something new to the screen . Of course , the concept of an out-of-control "  Sharknado " descending on the country 's biggest cities is completely original , invented by director Anthony Ferrante . At least one star has said she thinks it 's not beyond reality . Reid recently told GQ magazine she believes a sharknado is possible . "  You know , it actually can happen , " she said . "  I mean , the chances of it happening are very rare , but it can happen actually . Which is crazy . Not that it -- the chances of it are , like , you know , it 's like probably ` pigs could fly . ' Like , I do n't think pigs could fly , but actually sharks could be stuck in tornados . There could be a sharknado . " Syfy has already signed on for a third "  Sharknado " movie . Screenwriter Levin predicts that after New York goes down , there might be a "  global Sharkapocalypse . " Levin has a few tips for the fans gearing up for "  Sharknado 2 's " big touchdown . "  You definitely have to watch it with friends , " he said . "  I think alcohol would probably be a good ingredient . You need popcorn , to eat it and also throw at TV . And those inflatable air sharks floating around your house would be a great addition . " "  Sharknado 2 : The Second One " premieres at 9 p.m. ET Wednesday on Syfy . Syfy announces ` Sharknado Week ' around ` Sharknado 2 ' premiere CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this story .	"  Sharknado 2 : The Second One " debuts Wednesday on Syfy Sharks will invade the Big Apple for the sequel to last summer 's pop culture phenomenon Screenwriter predicts there might be a "  global Sharkapocalypse " in third outing
CNN  -- Female suicide bombers detonated explosions that rocked two subway stations in central Moscow during rush hour on Monday morning , killing dozens of people , officials said . A Web site associated with Chechen separatists , who have long fought for independence from Russia , claimed responsibility for the attacks . Immediately after the explosions , officials had cast suspicion on the separatists . Chechnya is a southwestern Russian republic , in the Caucasus Mountains region . Years of conflict have been devastating for its infrastructure . Chechnya 's population of 600,000 to 800,000 is primarily made up of Sunni Muslims and Russian Orthodox Christians . Thousands have been killed and 500,000 Chechen people have been displaced in their conflict with Moscow . Below is a timeline of the conflict . August 2009 - The head of a humanitarian agency in Chechnya and her husband are found dead , their bodies stuffed in the trunk of their car . July 2009 - A leading human rights activist is abducted and killed near her home in Grozny . Natalya Estemirova , of the Russian human rights group Memorial , had openly criticized Chechnya 's authoritarian president , Ramzan Kadyrov , and his methods . April 2009 - Russia declares an end Thursday to its 10-year anti-terror "  operation " in Chechnya with the rebel movement largely quashed . The end to the offensive could see the withdrawal of thousands of troops from the Muslim-majority region . April 2007 - Eighteen people are killed when a Russian-made Mi-8 military transport helicopter crashes in Chechnya . Local media reports said the helicopter was shot down by Chechen rebels during a Russian operation . September 17 , 2004 - In an e-mail message posted on the Chechen rebel Web site , Kavkazcenter.com , Chechen terrorist leader Samil Basayev claims responsibility for several recent terrorist attacks in Russia , including the Moscow metro bombing , explosions aboard two passenger jets and the taking of hostages at a school in Beslan . September 5 , 2004 - The Russian government has one suspect in custody . The death count stands at 335 hostages , including 156 children , along with 26 hostage-takers and 10 Russian special forces soldiers . September 3 , 2004 - Russian troops end a standoff at Beslan , a Russia school in which Chechen rebels had taken several hundred students , teachers , and parents hostage . September 2 , 2004 - Some Beslan hostages are released . September 1 , 2004 - Armed attackers storm a school and herd at least 100 children , parents and teachers -- possibly as many as 400 , later revealed to be 1,200 -- into a school in southern Russia where they threatened to kill the children . The hostage takers reportedly demanded the release of more than two dozen prisoners picked up during raids on Chechens in southern Russia in June and a Russian withdrawal all of its forces from Chechnya . Some of the hostage-takers were reportedly wearing explosives belts used in suicide bombings . August 31 , 2004 - A female suicide bomber kills nine people and herself , and wounds 51 others when she detonates a bomb outside a subway station in northeastern Moscow . August 24 , 2004 - Two Russian passenger planes are blown up almost simultaneously , killing 89 . Federal Security Service are focusing on whether acts of terrorism brought down the jets after traces of Hexogen are found in wreckage of planes . Hexogen , a powerful military explosive , has been used by Chechen rebels in other bombings . May 2004 - Akhmad Kadyrov , the president of Chechnya , is assassinated . Kadyrov was elected Chechen president with very strong backing from the Kremlin . February 2004 - 40 are killed and 100 injured when a suicide bomber detonates a bomb on a Moscow metro train . June 2003 - A suicide attack kills 15 people at a concert in Moscow . May 2003 - 59 people are killed when two suicide bombers drive a truck full of explosives into a government complex in northern Chechnya . March 2003 - A referendum upholds the new constitution for Chechnya . October 2002 - Chechen rebels seize a theater in Moscow , and hold over 700 people hostage . Russian forces use gas to neutralize resistance ; most of the rebels and 120 hostages are killed . July 2000 - Guerrillas launch five suicide bomb attacks on Russian security bases . The deadliest attack kills 54 people . February 2000 - Russian forces take control of Grozny , and the conflict begins to wind down . September 1999 - Apartment buildings in Moscow , Buynaksk and Volgodonsk are bombed , resulting in the deaths of nearly 300 people . All of the bombs used were found to contain hexogen . August 1999 - Islamist rebels launch incursions into neighboring Dagestan . Russian forces respond by moving into Chechnya in September . August 31 , 1996 - A peace accord is signed and Russian troops soon withdraw . May 1996 - A cease-fire is declared , but fighting continues . Chechen rebels seize key government sites . June 1995 - Chechen rebels kill over 100 hostages in a Russian town . February 1995 - Grozny falls to Russian forces . 1994 - Russia sends 35,000-40 ,000 troops in to Chechnya to stop the rebellion . 1991 - Chechnya begins fighting for independence from Russia . Moscow sends troops in , but withdraws them after a few days .	Chechen separatists claim responsibility for Moscow subway attacks Chechen separatists have fought for independence from Russia since 1991 Thousands have been killed and 500,000 displaced in the two decades since then Sunni Muslims , Russian Orthodox Christians form population of 600,000 to 800,000
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , CNN 's Arwa Damon describes the hardships faced by Iraqi women . Her documentary airs this weekend on CNN and CNN International . Nahla 's husband returned to Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein . He was killed in a bomb blast in 2007 . BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The pain here is choking -- it 's a dark , suffocating sorrow . "  They took my husband away in front of me . I found his body in the morgue a few days later . He had multiple bullet wounds and his eyes had been gouged out , " one woman tells me , forcefully twisting a tissue in her hands as if it somehow could ease her agony and erase the chilling memory . She did n't want her story told , too afraid that she would meet the same fate as the man she loved . Her husband 's body bore the "  signs of torture . " How many times has that phrase been used ? It 's such a common phrase it 's as if what really happened gets glossed over : skin scraped off their bodies , fingernails ripped out , horrifying screams of pain before death . How many times have we reported death tolls from one horrific bombing or another and not been able to get across that these are lives that literally were blown apart ? No matter how hard we in the media try , Iraq remains a nation filled with untold tragedies , the scope of which so often is overwhelming . And no matter how hard Iraqis try to shield themselves and those they love from the horrors here , more often than not they fail . Yet they keep fighting . See the sacrifices of Iraq 's women " Nahla works at a radio station and is one of those women . She 's tall , slender , elegantly dressed and has a firm handshake . I look at her and it 's nearly impossible to imagine what she 's been through . "  This numbers game , you always think that you are exempt from the numbers , " Nahla tells me , referring to the daily death toll . "  You 're pained by them , but you are outside of them . " Watch Nahla 's struggle to live on " On April 14 , 2007 , her world shattered . There was an explosion on a bridge in the capital and 10 people were killed . Her husband , Mohammed , was one of them . "  And with it , I am motionless , " she says . "  Truly , life was in color and now it is in black and white . I feel like it is a game of musical chairs we used to play with others . ... One time you are hit with the chair ; another time , someone else is . Now , my son and I are out of the game completely , completely . " The image of the man she loved , tall and proud , is of a doctor who moved his family back to Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein because he believed his country needed him . He was a father who doted on their 6-year-old autistic son . Also etched into her memory is the image of his charred body , melted together with nine others , a twisted pile of black , scorched flesh . Yet Nahla 's voice is calm as she speaks , only breaking at the very end of our conversation , when the pain , buried so deep , rises to the surface . She could n't suppress her gut-wrenching dry sobs . I do n't know how many times I have heard stories like hers after nearly five years of war here , and yet I still get chills . I ca n't stop being in awe -- nor can I stop looking at these women in amazement . Life in Iraq has forced people to confront horror that would leave many of us paralyzed . Watch a divorcee forced to live amid squalor with her kids " Where do they find the strength to keep going ? Some do n't and choose to live out their lives as hollow shells , just waiting for this wretched existence to be over . But so many others refuse to be beaten down , refuse to allow the horror that is Iraq to win and kill their spirit . "  If I want to see Baghdad again from before the war , I have to do my part while the other person will do his part and the other person will do his part , " says Dr. Eaman , a children 's doctor , as her bright smile seems to shine unnaturally in Baghdad 's grim atmosphere . "  This is the dream , and I wish everybody would believe it and it will happen , I 'm sure , and this is what is keeping me here , " she continues . "  I have been attacked by three insurgents and was going to be kidnapped . " She now lives at the hospital , choosing to disassociate herself from her 8-year-old son to keep him safe . Watch why "  I must help my people " " "  I wish I can have him with me , live with me , you know , raising him , and just show him how to do things more than anything else , " Eaman says as she laughs and apologizes for her tears . She knows she chose to live with that pain because she believes other children need her more . "  Iraq is my life , is my country . Being a woman and knowing what other -LSB- countries -RSB- look like , I want to make a change . I want to make a change for the future for a lot of people . " Yanar is another fighter , petite with curly dark hair and a commanding presence . "  You have been beaten , pushed , kicked and blindfolded , " Yanar says , describing today 's Iraqi woman . "  You can not see , you can not hear , but you are kicking back . It 's not OK to be like that . You kick back and you fight for what you deserve ... you should not be turned into a prisoner . " She started the Organization for Women 's Freedom in Iraq to act as a watchdog to help safeguard women 's rights amid war and conflict . She is another woman who exhibits jaw-dropping courage . Go inside Iraq with CNN 's Arwa Damon " She left her family and her comfortable life in Canada and came to Baghdad to build growing support for women 's rights . She lives a life that at times sounds more like a James Bond movie -- having to constantly move because of death threats -- than that of a mother of a 9-year-old . "  At many stages I had to change my house so my address is a secret ; nobody knows where I am other than 10 very close allies , " Yanar says nonchalantly , as if what she is saying is completely normal . But in Iraq it is -- it 's a country where a person 's parameters of what they accept as being "  normal " have to shift to survive . "  What brings me here , " Yanar says , "  it is that everybody that I love , all the people that I love have been crushed . " She adds , "  This can not happen , should not happen , can not be allowed to happen . " What we as journalists can not allow to happen is for these voices to go unheard . No matter how hard it is for us to find them -- literally navigating roadblocks and checkpoints or spending days chasing down someone -- the voices of the innocents caught in war must be heard . E-mail to a friend	Iraqi woman perseveres because "  all the people that I love have been crushed " CNN 's Arwa Damon reveals stories of horror , tragedy among Iraq 's women Doctor says she wants all Iraqis to do their part : "  I wish everybody would believe " One woman 's husband was killed in 2007 ; his melted flesh is etched in her mind
CNN  -- A judge on Tuesday refused to throw out a case filed by four cast members from the hit 1970s television show "  Happy Days , " who are suing to recover money from merchandise they claimed they have never received . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Elizabeth Allen White denied a motion by CBS for a summary judgment , which would have ended the lawsuit . CBS owns the show . The key issue remaining in the case is whether the actors may be entitled to payments from the sale of "  Happy Days " DVDs . White ruled that that "  defendants have not met their initial burden of showing that plaintiffs are not entitled to merchandising royalties for the use of their likeness on DVD sets sold to consumers . " "  The Court emphasizes that it is not making a determination on the merits of  CBS '  claim , which might be proven at trial , but only that defendants have not met their initial burden " for the purpose of ending the lawsuit , White wrote . The ruling means the case , unless it is settled , would go to trial on July 17 . Four members of the cast , Marion Ross , Don Most , Anson Williams and Erin Moran , along with the widow of Tom Bosley , sued CBS in April 2011 , claiming they have not been been paid what they 're owed for the worldwide sale of "  Happy Days " merchandise . The series was on the air from 1974 to 1984 . Bosley died in 2010 . Under their contracts , the actors were supposed to receive 5 % of net proceeds , or 2.5 % if their images were used in a group , the lawsuit states . "  It 's a certain sense of vindication that they ruled in our favor , " Most told CNN in a phone interview . "  We feel obviously very pleased and happy with that ruling . It 's just confirmation of what we 've been claiming all along . " Asked if the cast would actually go to trial if necessary , Most said , "  We did n't come this far to then all of a sudden stop . It was a big victory for us today , so we 're prepared to go all the way . " In interviews with CNN last year , the actors claimed they were cut out of the merchandising bonanza from the show . Those products include comic books , T-shirts , scrapbooks , trading cards , games , lunch boxes , dolls , toy cars , magnets , greeting cards and DVDs where their images appear on the box covers . The actors claim they never received revenue statements related to merchandising , and that CBS intentionally never intended to pay them anyway . A fraud claim had previously been dismissed by the court . In asking the court to dismiss the case , CBS said it had paid the actors everything they were owed for merchandise and that sale of the DVDs are covered under the Screen Actors Guild agreement . It said that agreement allows CBS to "  reuse photography from ` Happy Days ' to exploit the television series without making additional payments to the plaintiffs , " CBS attorney Keri E. Campbell wrote in papers filed with the court . "  It is undisputed that plaintiffs have received all of the residual payments for DVDs to which they are entitled . " While the actors claimed they had not been paid for all merchandise related to the show , the proceeds from the DVDs is the only remaining major issue in the case . Revenue from "  Happy Days " slot machines featuring images of the actors was not as high as originally believed , plaintiffs attorney Jon Pfeiffer said . It was the actors ' discovery of those slot machines several years ago that led to the lawsuit . "  The undisputed evidence shows , however , that CBS reported all revenue it received in connection with merchandise bearing the plaintiffs ' name or likeness in the merchandising royalty statements provided to them and that there is no revenue that has not been reported to plaintiffs , " Campbell wrote . In court papers , Pfeiffer wrote that , in fact , all merchandising revenues have not been accurately accounted for and that , over the years , the actors did not receive financial statements related to the sale of "  Happy Days " items . Since the case was filed , Pfeiffer said CBS has sent the actors checks totaling about $ 10,000 each for owed merchandising payments . The checks are being held by Pfeiffer 's law firm pending the outcome of the case . Last year , in other papers filed with the court , CBS claimed the actors "  are attempting to generate a lucrative litigation windfall by riddling their complaint with unsupported and overreaching causes of action " for fraud and breach of good faith . The company said this was "  all done in a transparent attempt to introduce the specter of punitive damages " in the case . CBS said the case was "  a garden-variety breach of contract action , nothing more . " The actors accused CBS of "  despicable conduct , " saying "  although defendants routinely rebrand their corporate images , they should not be permitted to rebrand the truth . "	A judge Tuesday denied a motion by CBS that would have ended the lawsuit Four ` Happy Days ' cast members are suing for money from merchandise The lawsuit states the actors should have gotten between 2.5-5 % of net proceeds The case is scheduled to go to trial on July 17
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court upheld President Barack Obama 's sweeping health care legislation Thursday in a narrow 5-4 ruling that Obama says will provide up to 30 million additional Americans with health care . America does n't have universal health care coverage -- what the World Health Organization  WHO  calls "  a widely shared political aim of most countries " -- but neither do most other countries . Nearly 50 countries have attained universal or near-universal health coverage by 2008 , according to the International Labor Organization . Several well-known examples exist like the UK , which has the National Health Service , and the Canadian public health care system . Here are more examples of countries have implemented near-universal health care . Brazil Free health care coverage is recognized as a citizen 's right in Brazil . Brazilians have both a private and public health care system , which was overhauled in 1988 . The Sistema Ãšnico de SaÃºde , a nationalized program , provides primary health care , while a network of public and contracted hospitals delivers specialist care . About 80 percent of Brazil 's population relies on public care , while the wealthiest 20 % can afford private health care , according to a Center for Strategic and International Studies report . Since the 1990s , Brazil has also provided universal access to HIV/AIDS drugs . During the three decades since the nation 's major health care changes , infant mortality decreased and life expectancy increased by 10.6 years , according to a 2011 article in medical journal The Lancet . But the system has n't been without problems , according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies report , which alluded to gaps in the quality of care between various Brazilian regions . Rwanda Since establishing a national health plan in 1999 , Rwanda has insured about 91 % of its population with health care -- a greater percentage than the United States . Rwanda has been dubbed "  Africa 's Singapore " by The Economist for its transformation since a devastating genocide in 1994 . Watch Fareed Zakaria talk with Rwanda 's president The country has three health insurance plans , one for government employees , another for the military , and the third for the remaining population . The country commits about 20 % of its annual spending to health , which is funded by tax revenues , insurance premiums and financial support from international donations , according to a WHO report . Since introducing health insurance , Rwanda has seen lower childhood mortality rates ; more people are also receiving medical attention . But the country faces challenges from an increase in health services and making contributions more affordable for its poorest citizens , according to a WHO report . Thailand By law , Thailand requires all patients to be covered by health insurance , regardless of their ability to pay . The WHO uses Thailand as an example of a low - or middle-income country that has been able to extend health coverage to all citizens . Introduced in 2002 as the "  30-bhat scheme , "  which is less than $ 1  , the plan added about 14 million previously uninsured people to the Thai system . Prescription drugs , hospitalizations and services like chemotherapy , surgery and emergency care are free to patients , according to a WHO report . But the addition of millions of people to a health care system strained the existing structures , prompting criticisms of long waits , poor quality of service and shortage of service . South Korea South Korea passed a law in 1977 , mandating health insurance for industrial workers . During its rapid economic growth , health care became a priority for the government , which created the National Health Insurance . The system extended to universal coverage by 1989 . The government merged more than 300 individual insurers into a single national fund , according to a WHO report . Korea 's single-payer program has "  been successful in mobilizing resources for health care , rapidly extending population coverage , effectively pooling public and private resources to purchase health care for the entire population , and containing health care expenditure , " according to a report published in Health Policy Plan . But another report published in Health Affairs said that the public funding is limited , leaving "  beneficiaries with relatively high payments . " South Korea 's expenditure on health care is 6.3 % of the country 's gross domestic product , compared with 18 % in the United States . Moldova The Eastern European country became independent with the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 . By 2004 , it began a mandatory health insurance program with the aim of providing the entire population with basic health care . Employed Moldovans chip in a portion of their income through a payroll tax or a flat-rate contribution . Others who are unemployed or not working are insured by the government . Its National Health Insurance Company is the sole buyer of health care services and organizes emergency , primary and secondary care locally , according to a report by the European Observatory on Health Systems and Policies , a joint partnership between European governments and the World Health Organization . Kuwait Kuwait 's level of health care is comparable to average European standards , according to the WHO 's profile of the Middle Eastern country . The country began building up its health care system as it gained wealth from oil revenues . By the 1950s , the government implemented free comprehensive health care . This resulted in declines in general mortality and infant deaths , the report said . "  Free health care was so extensive that it even included veterinary medicine , " according to a local WHO report . Kuwait faces an aging population as well as an epidemic of diabetes , heart disease and obesity-related complications that place great demands on its health care system . Chile The Chilean constitution guarantees rights to health protection . Chileans can opt for public care or get coverage from private health insurance companies . Wealthier citizens can buy insurance from the Instituciones de Salud Previsional or obtain coverage through their employer . A 7 % income tax funds the public health care system , the Fondo Nacional de Salud , according to an analysis of health care reform in Chile . Public care includes free medical , dental and midwifery services , which are run locally . Private insurance tends to focus on specialist treatment . The existence of both public-private insurance has created inequities of care , prompting reform efforts in 2000 to increase equality across the country . Chile has guaranteed universal access to quality treatment for some conditions including certain cancers , HIV/AIDS , pneumonia , depression and dental care , which has improved care for the poor , according to the WHO . China China announced an overhaul of its health system in 2009 to bring safe , affordable basic health services to all residents -- a tall order for a country containing 1.3 billion people . The government committed about $ 126 billion to reform the quality and efficiency of its health care , and ensure affordable and quality medication . But the issue of equity in health care persists . "  There are still significant disparities in health status between regions , urban and rural areas , and among population groups , " according to the WHO . China has seen increased life expectancy and reductions in infant deaths , but health observers stated in the WHO report the need to improve delivery of care .	Universal health coverage prevalent in Europe and several non-Western nations World Health Organization calls universal coverage "  a widely shared political aim of most countries " U.S. Supreme Court is expected to rule shortly on Obama 's sweeping health care reform
CNN  -- Former President Alfonso Portillo of Guatemala faces money-laundering charges in the United States , according to a federal indictment unsealed Monday . The indictment charges Portillo with embezzling tens of millions of dollars in public funds , "  a portion of which he then laundered through bank accounts located , among other places , in the United States and Europe , " the indictment says . A grand jury indicted Portillo in U.S. District Court in New York . Portillo engineered an embezzlement with co-conspirators that occurred from about 2000 through about 2003 , the indictment says . Prosecutors allege the money-laundering took place through at least 2006 . Portillo was the president of Guatemala from 2000 to 2004 . Authorities in Guatemala started searching for him after the United States requested his extradition , a spokesman for the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala told CNN en Español on Sunday . They executed search warrants in four locations but had not found him as of Sunday night , officials said . Portillo came into power promising to clean up corruption , but found his own government mired in the same accusations as his predecessors . According to the indictment , in one instance in 2000 , Portillo funneled $ 1.5 million worth of donations for a literacy project from Taiwan into accounts in Europe controlled by his ex-wife and daughter . In that case , the indictment alleges , Portillo endorsed three $ 500,000 checks destined for a program to purchase books for libraries , but diverted the funds into a bank in Miami , Florida . That money was eventually laundered into his family 's accounts in Europe , the court document states . In short , "  this money was diverted , in a series of transactions and transfers designed to conceal the sources and origin of the funds , " the indictment states . There was a second instance where Portillo allegedly embezzled money given to Guatemala by the Taiwanese , according to the document . In addition , Portillo is accused of embezzling money from his defense ministry in 2001 . With the help of others , Portillo made large cash transactions that ended up in accounts belonging to him and his co-conspirators , the document says . Some of the money that Portillo took went to buy expensive watches and cars , the indictment says .	Indictment unsealed Monday charges former Guatemalan president with embezzlement Alfonso Portillo charged in U.S. court with alleged money-laundering scheme As of Sunday , authorities in Guatemala had not found Portillo
CNN  -- The last body has been recovered of three U.S. airmen who died when a powerful typhoon struck just off Japan , according to the official website of Kadena Air Base , the U.S. military installation where the men were serving . The name of the airman located Wednesday is not being released pending his family 's notification . The three airmen were washed out to sea Sunday as a group of them took photos of big waves on a beach on the island of Okinawa , according to the Japanese Coast Guard . Only one of their names -- Senior Master Sgt. James Swartz -- has been released so far . Surfer goes missing near Tokyo The seas were churned up by Typhoon Phanfone , which made landfall in central Japan early Monday . It packed sustained winds as strong as 130 kph  81 mph  when it hit land near the city of Hamamatsu , after having moved up the country 's southeastern coastline . A 21-year-old university student went missing at lunchtime Sunday while surfing off the coast of Fujisawa , a beach suburb of Tokyo , the coast guard said . Unleashing fierce winds and torrential rain , the typhoon brought widespread disruption to Tokyo and other areas near its path . Thirty-nine people have been injured , authorities said . Hundreds of flights canceled More than 1.2 million people throughout a wide area of central and eastern Japan were advised to evacuate to shelters , Japanese fire and rescue officials said Monday . More than 7,000 others were ordered to relocate . Air transport was paralyzed , with more than 400 domestic flights canceled , affecting more than 50,000 people . Bullet trains between Tokyo and Osaka , Japan 's second biggest city , were also disrupted . Elementary and junior high schools in large areas of central Japan were closed to avoid the heavy rain and strong winds . CNN 's Kevin Wang , Yoko Wakatsuki , Jethro Mullen , Josh Levs and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	The body of the last of three missing U.S. airmen recovered off Japan , Kadena Air Base said Typhoon Phanfone hit central Japan on Monday , disrupting air and train travel Surfer also missing , authorities said
CNN  -- Two International Space Station crew members will head out Saturday morning for a spacewalk to address an ammonia leak in the orbiter 's cooling system , an emergency that forced NASA officials to work round-the-clock to hatch a plan . First detected early Thursday morning , the leak was causing ammonia to enter space -- which could be seen in the form of "  flakes of snow " -- at a rate of 5 pounds per day , said Mike Suffredini , NASA 's space station program manager . Ammonia is used to cool each of the solar arrays that provide electricity to station systems . The discovery spurred teams at NASA , over a busy 24-hour stretch , to go into "  a full-court press to understand what the failure is " and how to address it , NASA flight director Norm Knight said at a Friday news conference . The space station 's six-man crew is in "  good spirits " in anticipation of the spacewalk , added Knight , a sentiment echoed by a tweet Friday afternoon by its commander . "  This type of event is what the years of training were for , " wrote Cmdr. Chris Hadfield of Canada . "  A happy , busy crew , working hard , loving life in space . " Hours earlier , Hadfield wrote on Twitter that his crew was planning for a Saturday spacewalk to be conducted by NASA astronauts Chris Cassidy and Tom Marshburn . Hadfield -- who is with the Canadian Space Agency -- spent Friday preparing for his role as choreographer of the spacewalk , while Cassidy and Marshburn worked in an airlock to check out the spacesuits they will wear in space , among other tasks . Cassidy and Marshburn have done two spacewalks apiece , working together both times in 2009 while on a space shuttle Endeavour mission to the space station . "  Since the crew is prepared and our ops team is ready to go , we 're going to try to get them outside , " said Suffredini . Scheduled to wake up at 2 a.m. ET , the astronauts will begin their formal preparations about 1 hour and 15 minutes later , Knight said . A hatch will open around 8:15 a.m. , sometime after which Cassidy and Marshburn will start moving along a truss the 150 feet out to the site of the leak on the space station 's U.S. segment . Once there , Knight explained , the astronauts will do a "  visual inspection " of the leak -- the location of which space agency officials have "  narrowed down " thanks to imagery , though Suffredini notes any cracks may be "  very , very small . " They will also check and possibly replace a pump controller box on the truss , which NASA explains is "  the oldest component of the station 's backbone . " The entire walk is expected to take about 6Â 1/2 hours . The space station 's crew , which also includes three Russian cosmonauts , is not in danger from the leak , NASA has said . Moreover , the agency has said the rest of the orbiter is otherwise operating normally . The leak is in a cooling loop in a solar array that has leaked before . NASA said crew members tried to fix a leak in November . It 's unclear whether this is the same leak or a new one . The ammonia coolant for the power channel , one of eight used to supply electricity to the station , is likely to run out by late Friday morning and it will be shut down , NASA said . "  It is a serious situation , but between crew and experts on the ground , it appears to have been stabilized , " Hadfield tweeted Thursday . In the Friday news conference , NASA 's Suffredini said the spacewalk and ammonia leak wo n't affect the departure -- scheduled for Monday at 7:08 p.m. ET -- of Hadfield , Marshburn and Russian cosmonaut Roman Romanenko . Three crew members , Cassidy and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Misurkin and Pavel Vinogradov , will remain on the space station when the others leave . They will be joined at the end of the month by three new crew members : NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg , Russian cosmonaut Fiyodor Yurchikhin and European Space Agency astronaut Luca Parmitano , who are due to launch aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft on May 28 .	NEW : NASA says the spacewalk will start Saturday morning and last 6Â 1/2 hours Ammonia is leaking from a cooling loop on a solar array on the space station It was spotted Thursday , and officials have worked round-the-clock since to devise a plan "  This type of event is what the years of training were for , " the orbiter 's commander writes
CNN  -- As he strained , crunched and lifted weights , the muscle panels surfaced from Jason Dinant 's stomach . Faintly at first , they emerged : one , two , three and four -- not yet a six-pack . "  In the first three months , I saw such a fast improvement , now I 'm worried about plateauing , " said Jason Dinant . "  My bottom two abs have n't come in yet , " he said . Since January , Dinant , an iReporter , has tried to get six-pack abs in time for his 10-year high school reunion in June . Dinant , a Las Vegas , Nevada , resident , is one of the three iReport contributors being followed by CNNhealth as they strive to meet diet and fitness goals they set at the beginning of the year . iReport.com : See the journey to change Dinant wanted to whip his beanpole figure into muscular shape . He also wanted to display a healthier physique for his blog called "  Naked Boy News , " where he stands shirtless to give what he calls "  the naked truth about today 's news . " And now the 27-year-old has another motivation . Dinant will be a guest , riding in a chariot-style car for an "  ab-veil " on June 28 for the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Pride March in New York . His car is to be accompanied by rows of shirtless men who also have six-packs . Dinant was invited because , the Naked Boy News is "  a very popular act , " said Maurice Michaane , director of the event . "  People in the Northeast know him . " With the parade only two months away , Dinant said : "  Now I 'm in high drive . There 's no cheating on the diet . " To get in shape , he works out four to five days a week , performing a combination of core exercises , dumbbell curls and pull-ups . He jogs , does cardio exercises and works with a fitness trainer . To avoid looking like "  a toothpick with abs , " he started lifting weights . With a stringent diet and hours at the gym , the 6-foot-tall Dinant shrank from 160 to 143 pounds . Losing weight is normal with all the exercising and dieting , said Robert Dothard , a personal trainer based in Atlanta , Georgia . "  You ca n't see a six-pack through fat , " Dinant said . "  Belly fat is the enemy . People reveal their ab muscles , but the nutrition and exercise are also formula for weight loss . " The key is to eat in increments , but it 's difficult for people with traditional , 9-to-5 jobs to eat something every two hours to maintain their weight , he said . Body builders try to offset the weight loss by consuming protein powders and supplements , Dothard said . Dinant 's weight loss was completely unintentional . He said eating 16 egg whites and 1 1/4 pounds of chicken breasts every day gets old after three straight months . "  It 's hard to eat that much protein , " Dinant said . "  I started drinking this protein shake so I can get in all the calories and protein . " Compared with just four months ago , the "  man boobies " and the extra layer of flab around his midsection have been lost , Dinant said . And there 's an even bigger benefit . "  I 'm awake more . I 'm alert more and I have more energy , " he said . "  I just feel better . My whole body has become healthier and better . " While pleased with the results , Dinant worried that with two-thirds of a six-pack , his body will begin to plateau . "  Plateaus are really a mental thing , " Dothard said . "  When that happens , people start going back to their own habits . So they end up cheating and binging . " If the body does n't respond to the workout anymore , more difficult exercises should be adopted . "  Jason has to do something different or harder to maintain results to keep on the track that he 's on , " Dothard said . "  It can be frustrating , especially when he is still working out and the body is not responding to the same thing . People work out 30-45 days and get tremendous results , then it slows down or stops . Nothing 's wrong . The body is adjusting to what you 're doing . "	Jason Dinant , an iReporter , has met two-thirds of his goal for six-pack abs Dinant getting in shape for high school reunion and gay pride parade Fitness trainer advises using more difficult exercises if body plateaus
CNN  -- A New York woman faces charges for faking cancer to solicit money from unsuspecting donors and a relative . For more than a year , 21-year-old Brittany Ozarowski falsely claimed she had cancer , defrauding donors of thousands of dollars to collect money for her drug habit , the Suffolk County District Attorney 's office said . Ozarowski was arrested April 1 in front of a supermarket while soliciting shoppers for cash , holding a donation jar . She was arraigned in court Thursday on 24 counts of fraud and forgery . She pleaded not guilty . "  This is an emotionally disturbing case , but her crimes were non-violent ones . This should be taken into account when evaluating her case as a whole , " Ozarowski 's attorney , George H. Duncan , told CNN . According to authorities , Ozarowski falsely claimed that she had bone and brain cancer , stomach cancer , thyroid cancer and ovarian cancer . She claimed her daily medical expenses were $ 33,000 , explaining to prospective donors that radiation treatments cost $ 1,000 per session at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Commack . "  This was a despicable scam , " Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota said . "  There was no cancer , no chemotherapy , no radiation , and no medical bills . There was just heroin . " Ozarowski convinced many store owners in Nassau and Suffolk counties to allow her to place donor jars in their businesses , Spota said , and even created a PayPal account and a website with the banner , "  Brittany Ozarowski-Help Save My Life . " "  The truth is , she is a 21-year-old drug addict with four open narcotics cases , and we have strong evidence she forged doctors ' notes to avoid court appearances , " Spota said . Those cases include charges of possession of heroin and Oxycodone . A spokesperson for the District Attorney 's office also said detectives discovered that Ozarowski 's grandmother , Rosemarie Ozarowski , gave Brittany approximately $ 100,000 after selling her home to move to Florida . Authorities said Brittany Ozarowski defrauded many sympathetic online donors and store owners out of thousands of dollars . One donor told CNN that she grew suspicious of Ozarowski 's claims and contacted authorities . "  I asked her , ` Why did n't you lose your hair ? ' " Elizabeth Patricola , 52 , owner of Paws N Claws , told CNN on Thursday . " ` Brittany replied because they give her special vitamins . ' My stomach dropped . I did n't feel right about any of those answers . " Paws N Claws was one of many businesses on Long Island that helped organize fundraisers for Ozarowski . Last September , the Paws N Claws fundraiser raised $ 3,000 . Patricola donated another $ 1,000 . "  I let my heart rule me . And she was extremely convincing and believable , " Patricola said . Ozarowski is currently being held in the Suffolk County jail , with her bond set at $ 75,000 cash or $ 150,000 bond .	Brittany Ozarowski falsely claimed to have multiple cancers , authorities say She is accused of defrauding sympathetic donors of thousands of dollars The 21-year-old is charged on 24 counts of fraud and forgery She pleaded not guilty Thursday
CNN  -- Look , I 'm not saying I 'm a cheap bastard . I 'm also not saying I 'm a soulless ginger . Mind you , both are true . I 'm just not saying it . But to the first point , it 's necessary to clarify that , despite the fact I 've been known to show signs of lupus over the occasional restaurant bill , I 'm actually an excellent tipper . As for everything else in life , I 'm mediocre at best . So , this week we 're going to talk about gratuity . And it all stems from a recent trending discovery on the interwebs about something called the Dipjar . Now , I do n't throw the word "  genius " around too liberally . Generally , I save it for really important stuff like when a friend suggests we light something on fire . But I 'm going to go ahead and drop a G-bomb on this amazing new invention . Because , for better or worse , when it comes to tipping , the Dipjar is an absolute game changer . Or not . I 've been known to get things wrong . "  Gangnam Style " is still around . Basically , the Dipjar is an electronic tip jar for store countertops in which a customer can -- as the name suggests -- dip his or her credit card to leave a fixed-amount tip for the clerk . And these days it 's sort of a necessity Increasingly , we are becoming a cash-free society , preferring the convenience of credit cards to carrying actual paper money . While this can be great for the consumer , it sort of screws over the hipster barista behind the counter who no longer gets to keep your change . But , hey , he still has giant-gauged ear holes . So that 's something . Not only is cash becoming less popular , but it also seems that more and more credit card companies do n't even require a signature for small transactions , thus eliminating the opportunity to write in a tip or , perhaps , leave that really cute server an adorable pickup line . "  I 'm so alone . Hold me . " I almost never carry cash . Though , for me , it has less to do with convenience , and everything to do with racking up airline miles I 'm sort of obsessed . So much so , that when I actually go to book a flight I do n't even use the miles I have . It 's unquestionably because I 'm a complete idiot , and figure why drop 40,000 miles to fly for free when I could spend $ 500 and get ... more miles ? Delta pretty much has me by the gonads . But it 's cool . I get to board in Zone 1 . And these are the things that matter to soulless gingers . Anyway , Dipjar finally makes it easy for credit card users to tip without signing , and the company makes their money by taking a small percentage of each transaction . However , they insist that they 'll always deliver at least 80 cents of every dollar to the store 's employees . Some people might say this is unfairly taking money from the people who actually earned it , but the counter-argument  pun absolutely intended because I 'm awesome  is that this is money they probably would n't have seen in the first place . I suppose there 's no right answer here , but we should probably all get unnecessarily worked up and leave hateful , anonymous comments for each other . I 'll start : "  This writer sucks ! " The future , of course , is cell phones where you either tap-to-pay or maybe just command Siri to do something useful for a change . "  Siri , pay the man . " "  Where are your pants ? " "  Shut up , Siri . " But , for now , until our cell phones officially take over the world , the Dipjar seems to be a decent intermediary . That said , we still have to ask : Who actually deserves a Dipjar in the first place ? These days , it seems like everyone is soliciting tips . And I legitimately do n't know who should get them . Naturally , we have the old standards . Servers get 15 % to 20 % . Bartenders get a dollar a drink . And the guy who hooks me up with illegal HBO gets 20 bucks and a Miller Lite . But as I spoke to people this week about tipping , and as I researched the topic online , there seemed to be a huge overall backlash against leaving money for anyone with an actual tip jar . Read : People who might use the Dipjar . The general consensus was that , in food service , if you physically come to the table with my meal you get a tip . The frozen yogurt girl , on the other hand , can go die in a ditch . Of course , tipping is n't unique to America . But it certainly seems to be a bigger part of our culture than in other countries . For example , in the United States we even take care of the taxi driver in the same way we tip a restaurant server . And it 's kind of insane . "  Here 's an extra five bucks for talking on your blue tooth for the last 30 minutes . You 're the best ! " For comparison , in England , riders tip , but only a small amount . In fact , while on assignment in London before the Royal Wedding , I actually spoke to a taxi driver about proper etiquette , and he told me it 's polite to just round up the fare -- that the normal tip is about 50 pence  or roughly 80 cents  . He said , "  You do n't look towards a tip , but it 's nice when you do get one . " The moral of the story is never leave your house . Life 's too confusing . But for those who do wander and buy stuff , the Dipjar is definitely a clever idea . Still , I seriously do n't know who should get a tip these days . So help me sort this out . Who 's worthy ? And , more importantly , has anyone seen the frozen yogurt girl ?	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , off-kilter look at the social Web This week , Jarrett ponders the Dipjar The "  genius " product lets credit card users tip their servers -- or whoever Be kind to your frozen yogurt vendor . Seriously .
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- A bag that is believed to belong to Arizona shooting suspect Jared Lee Loughner contains the same kind of ammunition as was used in Saturday 's massacre , the Pima County Sheriff 's Department said Thursday . "  We got ammunition in there and it matches the type used in the incident , " department bureau chief Richard Kastigar told CNN 's "  John King USA . " Kastigar said that other items in the bag "  tell us that there is a relationship between what 's in the bag , what happened Saturday , what his movements were leading up to that time . " Kastigar would not elaborate on what else was in the bag but said "  it gives us some indication to where  Loughner  was and what he was doing . " The bag , discovered on Thursday , has been transferred to FBI custody for further analysis , according to Pima County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Jason Ogan . Police say Loughner 's father , Randy , recalled that his son was carrying a black bag the morning of the shooting that left six people dead and another 13 wounded . The bag was the subject of an argument with his father just hours before the attack , according to Pima County Sheriff 's Department Capt. Chris Nanos . The bag was found when a teenager walking his dog spotted it in a "  wash , " or dry river bed , near where Loughner 's family lives on Thursday morning , Nanos said . The teen then turned it over to a neighbor , who called police , Nanos said , adding that "  We certainly believe this is the bag . " But two law enforcement sources said Thursday that a Qwest Communications worker turned over the bag . One of the sources said a teenager approached a Quest technician with the bag and that the Quest employee contacted police , remaining in the area as investigators searched the scene . "  Qwest is working with law enforcement during the ongoing investigation , " the company said in a statement Thursday . On Wednesday , Kastigar said Loughner was carrying the bag early Saturday when he had a brief discussion with his father in the Loughners ' front yard . "  The father asked him questions similar to ` What are you doing ? What is that ? ' and Jared mumbled something back to his dad , and his dad said he did n't understand what was said , " Kastigar said . "  It was unintelligible , and then Jared left . " The elder Loughner got in his vehicle and tried to follow his son , but could not find him , he said . The bag will be tested for DNA , fingerprints , hair -- anything that might link it to Loughner . Investigators also likely will show it to Randy Loughner to see if he recognizes it , Nanos added . Several boxes of 9mm ammunition and receipts were found in the bag , a law enforcement source said Thursday . The source did not indicate where the receipts were from , but CNN has previously reported that a law enforcement source said Loughner purchased ammunition at a Walmart store . "  There are other things in the bag , but I 'm not going to discuss the specifics , " Kastigar said Thursday . "  We need to substantiate through others who might have been involved with what is in the bag how  things  got there . " Investigators believe Loughner spent the night at a Motel 6 the evening before the shooting , Nanos said . Authorities would not say how they discovered that information , but say they recovered a credit card from Loughner after the shooting . The processing of the crime scene was complete Thursday morning , authorities said , and cleanup efforts were under way before the shopping center reopened to the public . Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , whom police said was the target of the shooting , remains in critical condition , but her doctors have been pleased with her progress . Loughner , 22 , appeared in a Phoenix federal courtroom Monday to formally hear the charges against him -- including two counts of murder , two counts of attempted murder and one count of attempting to kill a member of Congress . He is now in federal custody . On Wednesday , Kastigar said Loughner had previous contacts with law enforcement , but none so alarming that authorities were concerned about what he might do . Speculation that law enforcement had enough information about Loughner to stop the shooting is "  completely untrue , " Kastigar told CNN 's "  John King USA . " "  I could n't underscore that more . " "  The events that led up to what happened Saturday as they relate to law enforcement contact really do not add up in their totality to anything that would cause a police officer to say . ` This guy is going to go out there and shoot 20 people . ' There 's nothing there , " Kastigar said . The law enforcement contacts included episodes of underage drinking and possessing drug paraphernalia , which Kastigar described as "  very minor occurrences or interactions with law enforcement . " Kastigar also said investigators had found no evidence Loughner followed up on suggestions from Pima College officials that he seek mental health help for behavioral problems . Pima County on Thursday released records saying that Loughner visited the Rio Nuevo One Stop career center in September , but was asked to leave because he was filming with a video camera and refused to turn it off despite being asked repeatedly . "  He pulled a crumpled copy of the Constitution out of his pocket and waved it at me , saying it was his right , " a staffer 's report on the incident said . Loughner 's former community college also released records showing that he frightened fellow students and acted oddly in incidents throughout 2010 . Pima Community College ultimately suspended him . His history at the college included an incident in February in which he reacted strangely to a poem read in one of his classes and made comments about abortion , wars and killing people . Two months later , a library staffer reported he was making loud noises at the computer . Also , a teacher reported he became "  very hostile " after being told his grade in a Pilates class would be a B . The incidents and disruptions continued into fall , the records said , and college officials became concerned about Loughner 's mental health . After an incident in September , a police officer delivered a suspension letter to him and recounted the events that had taken place . When the officer was finished , according to the report , Loughner responded , "  I realize now that this is all a scam . " On Wednesday , the 9th Circuit Court designated a district judge in California to hear Loughner 's federal case . Judge Larry Burns is a 2003 Bush appointee serving in the U.S. District Court for Southern California , based in San Diego . The next scheduled federal hearing in the case is January 24 in Phoenix . All federal judges in Arizona have recused themselves from hearing the case . The chief federal judge in Arizona -- Judge John Roll of Tucson -- was among those killed in the Saturday shooting . Mark Hart , spokesman for the Arizona Game and Fish Department , said Loughner was stopped by an officer for running a red light at 7:30 a.m. on the day of the shooting . He was given a verbal warning and released . Kastigar added that investigators are now certain that Loughner acted alone . A "  person of interest " they had been seeking identified himself to police . He turned out to be a taxi driver who dropped off the suspect at the shopping center , Kastigar said . CNN 's Bill Mears and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Qwest Communications worker contacted police about bag , sources say Sheriff 's office : Ammo in bag "  matches the type used in the incident " Bag 's other contents suggest gunman 's movements before shooting , sheriff 's office says The bag believed to Jared Lee Loughner 's was transferred to FBI custody for further analysis
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Dean Still had been researching and developing cleaner , more environmentally-friendly wood-burning stoves for almost two decades when , while working for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , he spotted a coal stove for sale on a street corner near Tibet , China . Workers at Shengzhou Stove Manufacturers prepare wood-burning stoves for firing . He had been looking for an established manufacturer who could mass-produce the more efficient , lower-emission stoves he had been developing with the Aprovecho Research Center  ARC  , a non-profit research and education center based in Oregon in the United States . "  It looked perfect . It had all the components , " Still told CNN . "  I knew we could change it to a wood-burning stove . There was a cell phone number on the side , so I called it . " Shen Huiyang of Shengzhou Stove Manufacturers  SSM  , based over a thousand miles away , answered . The two met and a short time later , in August 2007 , an agreement was signed between ARC and SSM . Shen 's factory began producing the new wood-burning stoves last year . Last week , the two companies were declared "  Global Energy Champions " by the Ashden Awards for Sustainable Energy at a ceremony in London , England . The vast majority of the 60,000 stoves they 've sold since entering their partnership have gone to Envirofit International , a U.S.-based non-profit organization which markets the stoves in India , supported by the Shell Foundation . Others are sold in Argentina , Chile , the Marshall Islands , Madagascar , South Africa and Tanzania . Shen said : "  We have produced coal stoves for many years , and it is wonderful to be able to use our experience to make a wood stove that brings benefits to so many people . " The pair won $ 65,000 to develop the scheme which Still says will be spent on research and development , and to employ more sales people . "  What I 'm doing now is talking to the U.N. , to relief agencies , just anybody in the world who might have an interest in burning wood more cleanly , and using less of it , " he said . The principle behind the stove is simple . With a better insulated combustion chamber , the fire requires less wood and burns hot enough for the smoke to combust as well , which means far fewer emissions . According to the World Health Organization , about half the world still cooks with biomass or coal , using open fires or traditional stoves . The resulting emissions cause indoor air pollution , leading to pneumonia , chronic respiratory disease and lung cancer . This indoor air pollution causes 1.6 million deaths a year , primarily among children and women . The emissions also contribute to climate change , and the collection of firewood contributes to deforestation and erosion . ARC say tests performed on the stoves indicate major breakthroughs for both the environment and health in the developing world . The stoves reduce the use of wood for fuel by up to 50 percent , and cut carbon monoxide emissions by up to 70 percent compared to a traditional fire .	U.S. research center , Chinese stove manufacter win joint environment award They make stoves that use less wood , reduce carbon monoxide emissions Since 2007 , they have sold 60,000 stoves in India , Argentina and Chile Currently talking with the U.N. and relief agencies about potential deals
Washington  CNN  -- If presumptive Democratic 2016 front-runner Hillary Clinton decides not to run , at least one party strategist and CNN contributor thinks the Democrats ' presidential bench is n't that deep . "  No one , " said Paul Begala , a longtime Clinton ally , when asked by CNN 's Jake Tapper if there were other party leaders who could lead the party in 2016 . "  No one . " While Republicans have a full bench of presidential hopefuls , Begala , who worked for President Bill Clinton and was an early Hillary Clinton supporter in 2008 , said Clinton is the Democrats ' best and perhaps only hope to capture the White House in 2016 . "  It 's not fair , " Begala said . "  There are impressive people who I think could be good presidents , but they do n't have I think the electoral prospects that Hillary does . " Vice President Joe Biden has said he 'll consider a run for the presidency after sitting in the No. 2 spot for six years , and parts of the party 's progressive wing is clamoring for Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren to run . CNN political commentator Van Jones , who served in the Obama administration , said Clinton has n't yet proven that she can excite the Democratic base . "  We have to have a nominee that can excite our base and I do n't know if Hillary Clinton can do that , " Jones said . "  I know one person can , it 's Elizabeth Warren . " While Clinton was a favorite surrogate for Democrats running in the midterms , Warren also took her high-energy persona and populist message on the campaign trail . Warren has said earlier this year that she "  hopes " Clinton will seek the presidency and she was reportedly one of all sitting Democratic female Senators who signed a letter last year urging Clinton to run . Amid the speculation , Clinton has sought to make nice , praising Warren on the stump in Massachusetts as "  a passionate champion for working people and middle class families . " Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick have also been floated as potential contenders . But their prospects might have dimmed after the Democratic candidates to succeed them in both states lost their bids in blue state upsets .	Paul Begala is a Democratic strategist who worked for Bill Clinton during his administration Hillary Clinton is the presumptive front-runner for the Democrats in 2016 Begala argued other Democratic hopefuls do n't have the ` electoral prospects ' Clinton has
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- An autopsy on the body of actress Brittany Murphy was conducted Monday , the Los Angeles County coroner 's office said . Authorities have said the 32-year-old appeared to have died Sunday of natural causes , and there was no sign of foul play or trauma . "  Naturally occurring diseases could be found in any person that could lead to death , " said Capt. John Kades of the coroner 's office . The office is looking into Murphy 's medical history . A final report could take up to eight weeks . The cause of death will not be released until the toxicology report is concluded , said the coroner 's office . That process can take weeks . Police also are conducting an investigation , which includes robbery and homicide detectives looking at what was in her home , said Los Angeles Police Department spokeswoman Norma Eisenman . Murphy was pronounced dead at 10:04 a.m. PT  1:04 p.m. ET  Sunday at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , hospital spokeswoman Sally Stewart said . She is survived by her husband , British screenwriter Simon Monjack , whom she married in 2007 . Statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show the leading cause of death for American women in Murphy 's age range is unintentional injury . Malignant tumors are second , followed by heart disease and suicide . The often bubbly , free-spirited actress appeared in such films as "  Clueless , " "  8 Mile , " "  Do n't Say a Word " and "  Girl , Interrupted . " She also lent her voice to animated works , such as the movie "  Happy Feet " -- in which she also sang -- and a regular role on the animated TV series "  King of the Hill . " "  The sudden loss of our beloved Brittany is a terrible tragedy , " her family said in a statement issued by her publicist . "  She was our daughter , our wife , our love and a shining star . We ask you to respect our privacy at this time . " Funeral arrangements are pending , the family said . Fans have taken to Murphy 's official Facebook page to issue their condolences . "  She was a great actress and was going to go far in her career ! She will be greatly missed ! " read one post . Former boyfriend -- and "  Just Married " co-star -- Ashton Kutcher was one of many celebrities to post his reaction to the news via Twitter . "  2day the world lost a little piece of sunshine . My deepest condolences go out 2 Brittany 's family , her husband , & her amazing mother Sharon , " Kutcher tweeted . "  see you on the other side kid , " he added later . Singer-actress Jessica Simpson tweeted : "  Brittany Murphy was an incredible ray of Light to so many people . Her smile was contagious . My prayers are with her family and loved ones . " Actress Alyssa Milano , who did a USO tour with Murphy in 2003 , wrote : "  She was a sweet soul , with a lot of talent and heart . " Murphy was best known for her work in a string of romantic comedies earlier this decade , including playing lead roles in "  Uptown Girls " alongside fellow Georgia native Dakota Fanning , and "  Little Black Book " with Holly Hunter and Kathy Bates , but her movie roles had declined in recent years . Last month , Murphy was reportedly fired from "  The Caller , " a movie she was working on in Puerto Rico . Her representative issued a statement to news outlets disputing the report , saying , "  She was not nor has she ever been fired from any job big or small . ... -LSB- Due -RSB- to creative differences Ms. Murphy and the production mutually parted ways , " according to People magazine . Murphy was the subject of tabloid gossip after she transformed from a pudgy brunette in 1995 's "  Clueless " to a petite , lithe blonde who graced the cover of such magazines as Cosmopolitan in 2005 . She frequently denied rumors of an eating disorder and plastic surgery . Her love life also was fodder for gossip sites as she broke two engagements in 2004 and 2006 , then married Monjack after four months of dating . "  All these ridiculous people came out and said all this nonsense when we got married , -LSB- but -RSB- thank God we had the substance and the history within that to -LSB- say -RSB- , ` Yeah , whatever ! ' " Monjack told People in 2008 . "  We still do n't understand what happened . It 's made us laugh , it 's made us cry , but it 's made us stronger . "	NEW : An autopsy was conducted Monday on the body of Brittany Murphy No signs of foul play or trauma , coroner 's office spokesman says Actress pronounced dead Sunday morning at Los Angeles hospital , spokeswoman says Murphy starred in "  Clueless " and "  8 Mile , " and did voice of Luanne in "  King of the Hill "
CNN  -- Here is the question : Can it be called a Michael Bay film if there are no explosions ? With "  Pain & Gain , " the director best known for action-packed films such as the "  Transformers " franchise and "  Armageddon " goes decidedly smaller , though no less hefty in the over-the-top nature . The film -- which opens Friday -- stars Mark Wahlberg , Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson and Anthony Mackie as a trio of hapless bodybuilders who launch a harebrained kidnapping scheme . An action-comedy , it 's based on the true story of a murderous gang in Florida in the 1990s , which included a group of bodybuilders . Unlike Bay 's other projects that have found him alternately hailed and crucified  he appears on both an Internet Movie Database list of all-time worst and best movie directors  , there is a dearth of stylized car chases , massive guns and things blowing up . "  Pain & Gain " was not conceived as a massively budgeted , summer blockbuster . "  I wanted to do a quirky movie , " Bay told The New York Times . "  I wanted to do something small , just actors acting . It was almost like film school again for me . " Film school ? For the man who brought the world "  Bad Boys " and "  Bad Boys II " ? Perhaps that is why Jack Giroux at the Film School Rejects site penned "  The Case for Michael Bay as Visionary Auteur . " "  A Michael Bay picture is many , many things , " Giroux writes . "  The global showman has made his career off shiny money shots , a broad sense of humor , solid on-screen pairings , well-orchestrated chaos , and much more . " Despite the fact the new film is n't like most of his other movies , Giroux sees elements of Bay in in it . "  The director 's newest movie , the abrasively entertaining ` Pain & Gain , ' carries on those trademark signatures in many ways , " he says . "  It 's not the explosions which make him an auteur , it 's the little things that make his human stories more meaningful than what we see from most blockbuster directors . " Bay probably agrees . He told CNN his latest project reminds him of another of his summer films from many years ago . "  I do like releasing films in summer , but this is a small little movie , but it 's got a little of that ` Bad Boys ' vibe to it , " Bay said . "  So this kind of goes back to my roots . I like low-budget movies , and this is a character piece . " Forbes contributor Scott Mendelson notes that "  it 's no secret that films like ` Pearl Harbor '  an epic romantic drama set during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor  and ` The Island '  a science-fiction thriller that serves as a parable for the perils of genetic science and/or abortion  were Michael Bay 's attempts at artistic legitimacy . "  They did n't quite work out , leading Bay to somewhat surrender and helm a big budget trilogy based on a toy line about cars/planes that turn into robots and fight each other , " Mendelson writes . "  So here in ` Pain & Gain ' we see the return of ` serious ' Michael Bay . " Wahlberg told The New York Times he had full faith in Bay -- who has also cast the star in his next "  Transformers " film . "  You get the artsy-fartsy guys of the world who do these little quirky comedies or dramas , that think they 're cool and they 're the artists , " the actor told the paper . "  But he can do the stuff that other guys ca n't do . " Co-star Ken Jeong , who is best known for "  The Hangover " films , told The Hollywood Reporter that "  Pain & Gain " is "  one of best Michael Bay 's films ever . " For his part , Bay seemed to have enjoyed the respite that came with being scaled down . He told CNN he tried to keep things intimate on the set . "  It 's really refreshing just to have actors act , you know ? On ` Transformers ' you are dealing with 2,000 people . This is much smaller , intimate , like a 100-person crew ! "	"  Pain & Gain " is not your usual Michael Bay fare The director is known for big , flashy productions with plenty of explosions His new dark comedy had a smaller budget and crew
CNN  -- Everyone knows the story of Old Faithful . Here 's the story of Old Unreliable . The Steamboat geyser at Yellowstone National Park is the world 's tallest active geyser , but it 's unpredictable , sometimes waiting months or decades between eruptions . Once , in the 1960s , it erupted 29 times in a year . It 's rare to be there when Steamboat wakes up . Its eruptions are massive and impressive , reaching as high as 400 feet and lasting as long as 40 minutes . And the show does n't end there : A thick column of thundering steam spews for hours after an eruption , as if it 's a giant steam engine . Steamboat must have decided it was showtime again on Wednesday . For the first time in eight years , and without warning , the geyser suddenly erupted in a massive spectacle , stunning those on the observation deck , who raced to pull out their cameras . "  We estimate this eruption was about 200 to 300 feet high , and then it just steamed for about 24 hours , " said Yellowstone spokesman Dan Hottle . It took park rangers about two hours to get there . Because of the number of geysers at Yellowstone -- 300 , which is more than half of the world 's total -- rangers rely on electronic heat sensors placed at each geyser to tell them when one has gone off . Steamboat is in the Norris Geyser Basin in Wyoming . "  When it jumps up , we know we 've had an eruption shoot up , " Hottle said . With Steamboat , "  we saw that jump and then some folks called that it happened . " Hottle said only about 30 or 40 people saw it Wednesday . Now , fans are pumped up for the next unexpected show . "  For us , it 's exciting . Every time you 're down there , you wonder if that 'll be the time that it erupts , " he said . Spend a lifetime exploring the Grand Canyon	Steamboat is the largest of the park 's 300 geysers It 's unpredictable , sometimes waiting months or years between eruptions It erupted Wednesday for the first time in eight years The eruption was as high as 300 feet and it steamed for about 24 hours
CNN  -- As media outlets flourish , and attention spans shrink to hashtag-sized dimensions , advertisers have had to get increasingly creative with how they deliver messages to the masses . Many brand ambassadors have found salvation in an unexpected source : the airport . "  The individuals that are passing through generally will have an above-average income , they 're disproportionally more likely to be carrying a smart phone or tablet , and they 're very much in a captive environment . They 're basically the sort of people advertisers are striving to get a hold of , " explains Steve Cox , the managing director of JCDecaux 's UK airport division . In July , Heineken utilized John F. Kennedy Airport in New York as part of their wider , ongoing "  Dropped " campaign . A "  Departure Roulette " board was set up at Terminal 8 , and passengers were invited to drop their current travel plans to be shipped off to an unknown , more exotic destination instead . The stunt , conceived by Wieden + Kennedy , coincided with TV ads and a Heineken-branded YouTube series . Video : Is sharing the new way to travel ? "  The airport really lent itself to this campaign , " says Erik Norin , creative director at Wieden + Kennedy . "  People are more stressed out at the airport than at any other time , and they 're about to totally surrender to an airline . They 're looking for a distraction . For us , it 's really the perfect storm . " Departure Roulette not only attracted the attention of the national and international media , but footage from the installation garnered over 2.5 million hits on YouTube . Norin notes that airports are a gateway to travel , and for that reason seem to capture the public imagination like few other venues . It is for this reason , perhaps , that airport marketing campaigns are apt to go viral , adding an extra element of success . "  When people are traveling , whether for business or leisure , they will share their experiences -- especially if it 's a memorable experience that touches them or wows them , " explains Henry Mason , the global head of research and a managing partner at TrendWatching.com . "  For that reason , campaigns that center around the airport can reach a much wider audience , one that goes beyond the physical reach of the airport itself . " Read more : Place your bids for an upgrade Another campaign that was particularly adept at wowing passengers this year was a Douwe Egberts-branded coffee vending machine placed in South Africa 's OR Tambo International Airport . The machine was yawn-activated , and rewarded passengers who could figure out its mechanism with a free cup of coffee . Like Departure Roulette , the campaign garnered thousands of YouTube hits and Twitter buzz . Pepe Marais , the chief creative officer at Joe Public , the firm that came up with the install , notes that the one-day interaction was relatively inexpensive , but had a big payoff . "  Douwe Egberts do n't have a big budget . We spent about $ 22,000 on development of the machine , and the seeding costs on Twitter . It went out to about six million followers , and just went mad , " he recalls .	Big brands like Microsoft and Heineken , roll out innovative campaigns at airports . Airports have a captive audience of customers with a disposable income . It 's important that airport marketing be experiential -- to match travelers ' frame of mind . Airports are in position to introduce local products to a wider , global audience .
CNN  -- Battling blustery weather , a Lufthansa Airlines flight scraped its wing on the ground during a landing attempt in Hamburg , Germany , over the weekend . Internet footage of the Lufthansa A320 as it attempts a landing Saturday at Hamburg , Germany . The plane recovered and landed safely the second time around , the spokesman said . Dramatic amateur video of the incident that appeared on the Internet showed the Airbus A320 teetering as it tried to land during the brutal winter storm on Saturday . As it nears the tarmac , one wing visible scrapes the ground . Watch the plane try to land as a passenger describes experience " "  As we were about to touch down , a gust of wind pressed the left wing towards the ground , " a Lufthansa pilot identified only as Oliver A. said in a statement . "  We pulled up immediately . A maneuver we practice in training very often . " The airline said the pilot has been flying for Lufthansa for 17 years . Watch as plane avoids crash " Airline spokesman Wolfgang Weber said the left winglet , a fin at the end of the wing scraped the ground after a gust of wind tipped the plane . Damage to the plane was minimal and not structural . He said the plane is already back in service . • Were you on board ? Send us an iReport E-mail to a friend	Amateur video of the moment the Lufthansa flight scraped its wing Strong winds blamed for the near miss at Hamburg airport The plane recovered and landed safely the second time around
CareerBuilder.com  -- Volunteering in your community can be rewarding for many reasons -- you get to help others , give back to your community and hopefully enjoy some personal growth along the way . Volunteering may help with professional growth as well -- by gaining new experiences and meeting new people , you may just end up with a new job . "  Anyone who 's interested in taking charge of their career , whether they are currently employed or not , should volunteer , " says Marsha Egan , career coach and workplace productivity expert . "  It is perhaps one of the best kept career development secrets . Not only is it a great opportunity to network , but it 's a wonderful chance to learn how to motivate in a positive way , become a leader and fine-tune organizational skills . The fact that you are giving back to -LSB- the -RSB- community and going to feel good about it -- that 's an amazing bonus too . " 3 reasons why volunteering can help with your job search : It adds to your résumé . A volunteering stint is a great addition to your résumé . It can help round out your experience and show that you not only have built professional skills but interpersonal ones as well . It can also help fill a gap in your résumé -- if you 've been out of a job for a while , you can speak to how you took advantage of that time to help others in your community . It allows you to develop new skills or foster existing ones . Jim Feldman , author of "  Shift Happens ! No Job , No Money , Now What ? Reinvent Yourself Using Innovative Solutions , " notes that when volunteering , you 'll meet others , obtain new experiences and learn new job skills . Feldman suggests that you talk to the volunteer coordinators about what skills you have or you 'd like to develop , and they 'll usually provide some training to get you off the ground . Even if the skills you learn do n't exactly transfer over to a potential job opportunity , it 'll show prospective employers that you are up for trying new things and taking on new challenges . It helps you meet new people and network . Volunteering allows you to meet people you probably would n't have otherwise met and expose you to others with different backgrounds and perspectives . When volunteering for or attending charity events or fundraisers , strike up conversations with other volunteers or attendees . If appropriate , give out your contact information or ask for theirs . Sure , it might take you a bit out of your comfort zone , but you never know where it might lead . 3 tips for turning a volunteer opportunity into a potential job opportunity : Be strategic about where you volunteer . Want to work in public relations ? Volunteer at a public relations trade organization or offer to handle the publicity for a charity event . Choosing an association or volunteer role that matches up with your background will not only help you hone your skills , but it 'll also allow you to meet people in that particular industry . Jeff Diana , chief people officer at SuccessFactors , an HR and business execution software company , stresses it 's also important to be passionate about and interested in the cause for which you 're volunteering . That enthusiasm will show when asked about it during a job interview . Diana recommends checking out sites such as Get Involved ! and Volunteer Match ; these sites can match you up with opportunities based on your interests . Do n't make it all about the job search . While volunteering can help connect you to new people and potential career opportunities , it should n't be the sole reason why you choose to give back . If you go into it purely thinking about what 's in it for you , not only will you lose out on the sense of accomplishment and enrichment it can bring , but others will likely see right through your intentions , which could cause a potential negative reaction . Treat everyone you meet as a potential influencer or employer . Mike Jaffe , career design and transition coach and founder of professional training and coaching company Jaffe Life Design , recommends treating everyone you volunteer with , or for , with respect . "  Always strive to be professional , reliable , effective and courteous , " says Jaffe . "  You never know who someone knows , and their impression of you , good or bad , can become an asset and create new possibilities as they share their experience of you with others . Conversely , if they share a negative view of you with others , it could come back to bite you . " So if you 're out of a job , or even have a job but want to expand your horizons , consider volunteering . Who knows where it might lead -- both personally and professionally ? & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Take charge of your career by volunteering Volunteering adds to your resume and allows you to develop new skills Choosing certain associations will allow you to meet people in that particular industry
The Food and Drug Administration is making another attempt at regulating electronic cigarettes and other tobacco products . On Thursday , the agency proposed rules that call for strict regulation of electronic cigarettes , cigars , pipe tobacco , nicotine gels , water pipe tobacco and hookahs . Currently , only cigarettes , smokeless tobacco and roll-your-own tobacco come under the FDA 's regulatory authority . When these recommendations are finalized following a 75-day public comment period , the age limit to buy the products is expected to be at least 18 , although individual states could choose to set it higher . Health warnings would also be required , and the sale of the products in vending machines would be prohibited . Initially , the only health warning required for e-cigarettes would be about the potential for addiction to nicotine . Manufacturers would be required to register all their products and ingredients with the FDA . They would be able to market new products only after an FDA review , and they would need to provide scientific evidence before making any direct or implied claims of risk reduction associated with their product . Companies would also no longer be allowed to give out free samples . After the public comment period , and once the proposed rules are finalized , manufacturers will have 24 months to submit applications to allow their products to remain on the market or to submit new product applications . E-cigarettes deliver nicotine to the user as a vapor . They are usually battery-operated and come with a replaceable cartridge that contains liquid nicotine . When heated , the liquid in the cartridge turns into a vapor that 's inhaled . Most look like cigarettes , cigars or pipes , but some resemble pens or USB memory sticks . Because they have not been fully studied , the FDA says it 's unknown what health risks they pose , how much nicotine or other chemicals are actually being inhaled , or whether there is any benefit to using them . Last year , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that the percentage of high school students who reported ever using an e-cigarette more than doubled in one year , from 4.7 % to 10 % between 2011 and 2012 . As electronic cigarettes have increased in popularity , so have the number of related calls to poison control centers nationwide . According to a recent CDC report , poison control centers logged 215 calls involving e-cigarettes in February alone . Of those calls , 51 % involved children . "  It 's really the wild , wild West out there , " said Margaret Hamburg , FDA commissioner . "  Because e-cigarettes are increasingly in the marketplace . They 're coming in different sizes , shapes and flavors in terms of the nicotine in them , and there 's very worrisome data that show that young people in particular are starting to take up e-cigarettes , especially the flavored ones -- and that might be a gateway to other harmful tobacco products . " Hamburg said officials do n't know how many types are on the market , another reason why regulation is critical . "  We 're already conducting research and working with partners in the research community to better understand patterns of use of these e-cigarettes and to learn more about the way in which they work and the delivery of the nicotine through e-cigarettes . But until we can really regulate them , we ca n't have all the information we need and we ca n't take all the actions that we might want to , to be able to best address the public health issues associated with them . " Miguel Martin , president of LogicTechnology Development -- considered the second-largest electronic cigarette company in the U.S. -- said he is encouraged by the FDA announcement . "  We look forward to being a part of this process and believe that science-based and responsible regulations are good for both adult consumers and responsible electronic cigarette manufacturers , " Martin said . Logic opened its doors in 2010 . The company has nine products on the market , both disposable and rechargeable , but no flavored nicotine products . Logic implemented rules a year ago similar to the ones the FDA has proposed . "  We support and have already implemented those steps to ensure that adult smokers are the audience and consumer base of our products , " Martin said . "  We work with the retailers to ensure the product is sold to adult consumers of legal smoking age . " Experts have said that e-cigarettes , if properly regulated , could help reduce the number of people who use conventional cigarettes and die of tobacco-related disease . But a lot of unanswered questions remain , according to Michael Eriksen , dean of the School of Public Health at Georgia State University , one of 14 U.S. institutions conducting FDA-funded research on electronic cigarettes . Nicotine is a drug , and poison experts say the concentrated liquid form used in e-cigarettes is highly toxic , even in small doses . It can be inhaled or absorbed through the skin . "  How concentrated is liquid nicotine ? Are there impurities in it ? Is it properly handled like a pesticide ? " Eriksen asks . "  Nicotine is a pesticide , fundamentally , and we take so many precautions about pesticides for our lawns and how to wear gloves . But what precautions do consumers take when they put the nicotine vials in ? People treat it  liquid nicotine  as sugar when it 's a toxin . " Harold Wimmer , president and CEO of the American Lung Association , believes nicotine is highly addictive whether used in a regular cigarette or an e-cigarette . So how safe are e-cigarettes ? Hamburg said it 's buyer beware . "  We think that there 's a lot of information that needs to be understood about e-cigarettes and their use . We 're trying to help provide some of that information through research that we 're conducting , " she said . "  But we need the tools that regulation provides to be able to get critical new knowledge about e-cigarettes and to be able to put in place a framework that will protect the American public and potentially e-cigarette users , and really address the issues of what are the health consequences and what are the potential benefits . " Hamburg believes these new rules will change the landscape . If the FDA broadens its authority to regulate tobacco products , she said , it will make a major contribution to the health of Americans . But big changes could come slowly . "  It may be years before much regulation is imposed , " said Carl Tobias , a law professor at the University of Richmond . "  The lobbying at FDA and Congress will be intense . " And some believe the FDA has already waited too long . "  It is inexcusable that it has taken the FDA and the Administration so long to act , " Matthew L. Myers , president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids , said in a statement . "  This delay has had serious public health consequences as these unregulated tobacco products have been marketed using tactics and sweet flavors that appeal to kids , and their use has skyrocketed . "  The FDA and the Administration must now move as quickly as possible to finalize this rule . "	E-cigarettes deliver nicotine to the user as a vapor FDA has regulatory authority now only over cigarettes , smokeless tobacco Age limit to buy e-cigarettes is expected to be 18 when rules are final
CNN  -- North Korea has freed John Short , a 75-year-old Australian missionary whom it detained last month . "  The relevant organ decided to expel him from the territory of the DPRK , thanks to the tolerance of the law of the DPRK and in full consideration of his age , " the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported Monday . The agency said Short "  committed a criminal act by secretly spreading his Bible tracts around a Buddhist temple in Pyongyang , " after entering the country as a tourist . Short 's wife , Karen , said she had been told by an Australian Embassy official that her husband had arrived in Beijing . The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said it had received confirmation that Short had been released and was being deported . "  Clearly , this is welcome news for Mr. Short , his family and his supporters , " the department said . KCNA published a written apology that it attributed to Short . "  I now realize the seriousness of my insult to the Korean people on February 16th because I made the Korean people angry and for this I truly apologize . "  I realize that my actions are an indelible hostile act against the independent right and law of the DPRK . "  I request the forgiveness of the DPRK for my actions , " Short reportedly wrote . KCNA also accused him of "  spreading his Bible tracts in the Pyongyang Metro on a crowded train , causing a chaos in the sound public order of the DPRK , " in August 2012 . North Korea is known to push high-profile detainees to make false confessions . Merrill Newman , an American veteran of the Korean War detained by North Korea last year , said that he was made to deliver an "  apology " on state media that was not his own words . Short 's wife said last month that he had Gospel tracts in Korean with him in Pyongyang and that that issue seemed "  to be at the core of the detention . " Short , a citizen of Australia , lives in Hong Kong . North and South Korea hold first family reunion in three years His wife said Monday she did n't yet know when he would arrive back in the city , a special administrative region of China . "  Australian consular officials stand ready to provide assistance to Mr. Short to ensure he can return to his home in Hong Kong as soon as possible , " the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said . Short has been arrested multiple times while doing evangelical work in China "  for speaking out about brutality against Chinese Christians , " according to a biography on a religious website named Gospel Attract . In the 1990s , he became "  persona non grata " with Chinese authorities for almost two years and was unable to visit mainland China , the biography said . Last year , North Korea sentenced Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American , to 15 years of hard labor on charges he planned to topple the government through religious activities . Washington has repeatedly called on Pyongyang to release Bae , expressing concerns about his health . But Kim Jong Un 's regime has so far refused to budge . Bae , 45 , was widely reported to have been conducting missionary work in North Korea . His family says he ran a company specializing in tours of the secretive country . North Korea has a number of state-controlled churches , but the authoritarian Communist regime does n't tolerate independent religious activities . The regime "  considers the spread of Christianity a particularly serious threat , since it challenges ideologically the official personality cult and provides a platform for social and political organization and interaction outside the realm of the state , " a United Nations panel said in a report released last month . "  People caught practicing Christianity are subject to severe punishments in violation of the right to freedom of religion and the prohibition of religious discrimination , " the report by the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea said . North Korea shows off South Korean man it 's holding on spy charges	NEW : John Short 's wife says she has been told he has arrived in Beijing "  This is welcome news for Mr. Short , his family and his supporters , " Australia says Short , 75 , was arrested last month in Pyongyang He is accused of "  secretly spreading his Bible tracts "
CNN  -- The deal kind of sounds like a twisted plot line from "  Community " : The makers of a brilliant but canceled TV comedy strike a deal to revive the show with a dotcom business best known as a place to search the Web and check e-mail . But it 's true : "  Community , " canceled by NBC in May , will be revived by Yahoo for a 13-episode sixth season , much to the delight of its dedicated fans . "  I look forward to bringing our beloved NBC sitcom to a larger audience by moving it online , " "  Community " creator Dan Harmon said in a statement accompanying the news Monday afternoon . Earlier , he 'd teased the announcement on Twitter with the words "  six seasons and a movie , " a running gag on the series and a goal for it . Yahoo said the episodes would start to premiere -- probably more NBC-style , once a week , than Netflix-style , all at once -- in the fall . Co-star Joel McHale celebrated the news with a two-word tweet : "  Sixth season . " Ken Jeong was a bit wordier : "  It 's all because of the fans . The love you have for Community knows no bounds . And we love you right back . " With "  Community , " Yahoo is buying attention for its new original video efforts and affection from fans of the series . Yahoo has several other TV-style shows in development for the section of its sprawling site called Yahoo Screen . In a statement , Kathy Savitt , the chief marketing officer of Yahoo , praised the show 's "  incredibly passionate and loyal fan base who have fought hard to keep this amazing show alive . " "  Community " avoided cancellation in past years , but when NBC made the decision this time around , the studio that makes the series , Sony Pictures Television , sought other potential distributors and had serious discussions with several . Along with Yahoo , the streaming TV site Hulu and the new cable channel Esquire were interested in reviving the series . Now what about that movie ? Jamie Erlicht , the Sony studio 's president of programming and production , said "  You ca n't get to six seasons and a movie without a 6th season . Yahoo is the perfect home for the continuation of this journey . " Sony 's other president of programming and production , Zack Van Amburg , told The Hollywood Reporter that a movie was "  not part of our Yahoo conversation . " That said , "  I 'd be lying if I told you that we have not had some very early and preliminary conversations that are very exciting about what a potential movie could be and who might direct it . It 's early , but it 's completely in our thought process , " he said .	Fan favorite TV show "  Community " was canceled by NBC in May Yahoo will revive the series for a 13-episode season online Show creator Dan Harmon hopes for "  six seasons and a movie "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Dozens of anti-government demonstrators were wounded Tuesday when security forces fired into the air and shot tear gas into a crowd of tens of thousands of protesters who had massed in front of Sanaa University , witnesses said . According to Ala'a Al-Khowlani , at least 40 anti-government demonstrators were wounded and at least one of them was in critical condition . Other witnesses put the total number wounded as high as 67 . "  Live bullets are being shot -- we do not know from which angle , " said Yaser Al-Hasani , one of the demonstrators . "  The security forces are using force against us because we are bringing in food into the protest area . " Al-Hasani said security forces cracked down after students defied their orders not to take food and blankets into the protest area outside the gates of Sanaa University . The supplies were intended for the thousands of anti-government demonstrators who have camped out in front of the university calling for President Ali Abdullah Saleh to step down . Al-Khowlani described a similar scene . In a statement e-mailed to reporters , the government blamed the violence on people who had tried to sneak weapons into a "  weapon-free area " outside the university , then resisted arrest . "  Late Tuesday evening , during a routine police inspection on Al-Hurriya street in Sanaa , police discovered individuals with a stash of fully automatic rifles hidden inside thick blankets and camping equipment , " the statement said . "  The individuals were attempting to enter the ` weapon-free area ' of University Square , where anti-government protesters have been camping for days . "  The suspects resisted arrest and soon thereafter a gun fight broke out , injuring dozens of suspected militants , policemen and innocent bystanders . Panic from the shootings set off a raging stampede in the area . There is no official confirmation on casualties at this point . " It said early Wednesday that the situation was under control and that the Ministry of Interior would investigate the incident . Tens of thousands of protesters also demonstrated in the city of Taiz and thousands demonstrated in Ibb , witnesses said . Both cities are south of Sanaa . Another demonstration -- this one at Sanaa Central Prison -- erupted Monday evening when inmates gathered in the main hall , said a prisoner who has spoken with CNN in the past . The inmates raised their voices against the government and demanded more rights . Guards fired warning shots and tear gas as prisoners chanted anti-government slogans , according to the prisoner , who obtained access to a phone during the incident and spoke with CNN Tuesday . Guards ordered the prisoners to return to their cells . The inmates refused but dispersed and re-entered their cells after the guards exerted force , the prisoner said . Tuesday morning , they reassembled in the main hall and resumed their protests , the prisoner said . Again , guards responded with tear gas and bullets fired in the air . Two prisoners were killed and seven were wounded , said the prisoner , who did not want to be identified for fear of reprisal from prison guards . Protesters in Yemen been demonstrating for weeks , demanding the ouster of Saleh , who has ruled Yemen since 1978 . An Interior Ministry official commented solely on Monday 's incident . "  Prisoners were causing chaos and security forces had to do what was necessary to keep matters under control , " the official told CNN . A government statement said the inmates rioted because they wanted pardons . It acknowledged that riot police had subdued the inmates and said it was investigating the incident . The government said it was beefing up security around Sanaa , the capital , "  over terror concerns in the aftermath of multiple terror attacks on security and army personnel . " Yemen 's anti-government demonstrations are unfolding in a nation wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water . High unemployment fuels much of the anger among a growing and impoverished young population . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report	NEW : Demonstrations occur in Taiz and Ibb , too Dozens are wounded outside Sanaa University , witnesses say The government says guns were being smuggled into a "  weapon-free area " Protesters say food and blankets were being taken in
Shortly after being given more time to weigh evidence in black teenager Michael Brown 's fatal shooting , a Missouri grand jury heard from the man at the center of it -- Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson -- a local newspaper reported . Wilson shot and killed the 19-year-old Brown in the middle of the day on August 9 , in the middle of a street in the St. Louis suburb . Authorities could have charged Wilson themselves by filing a criminal complaint , but St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch instead opted to present the case to a grand jury that could indict the officer , or not . On Wednesday , Wilson testified for almost four hours in front of the seven men and five women on that grand jury , according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , citing a source with knowledge of the investigation . The same source cited by the paper claimed that the Ferguson police officer , who was put on paid administrative leave after the shooting , has been "  cooperative " in his two conversations with St. Louis County investigators and one with federal investigators . In addition to the county 's case , the U.S. Justice Department has launched its own civil rights investigation into the shooting . Unlike many other aspects of the legal system , grand jury proceedings are closed to the public . Their mission is not to decide -- unanimously -- if there 's evidence beyond a reasonable doubt to convict someone on a charge , as is the case with a criminal jury . Rather in Missouri , nine grand jurors -- or three-fourths of the total -- have to agree there is sufficient probable cause to charge someone with a crime . How the grand jury works The fact that grand jury proceedings are secret has irked Brown 's camp , many of whom accuse McCulloch of being too cozy with law enforcement . They question his commitment to pressing a case against Wilson , who is white , for the shooting of a young African-American man . The late teen 's supporters have demanded Wilson be charged , accusing him of shooting the unarmed Brown when his hands were up . Meanwhile , Wilson 's backers -- including a radio caller identifying herself as Josie , who recounted his purported version of events -- claimed that the officer only fired after the larger Brown struggled with , taunted and then ran at him . There was no guarantee that Wilson would get the chance to tell a grand jury his side of the story . The defense does n't present a case in these proceedings , which are run by prosecutors . "  Usually an accused will not be invited to testify , " Neil Bruntrager , a criminal defense lawyer and general counsel for the St. Louis Police Officer Association , told CNN in August . "  But I would expect , in a case like this , that an invitation would be extended to him . " Dueling narratives in Michael Brown shooting So how will this all shake out ? What will the grand jury of nine whites and three African-Americans decide ? Will they indict Wilson , or will they clear him ? The public may not find out anytime soon . On August 20 -- when mobs of protesters were still regularly hitting the streets of Ferguson demanding Wilson 's arrest and , at times , clashing with law enforcement -- McCulloch told CNN affiliate KMOV that "  the aspirational time is by mid-October to have everything completed . " And they could have more time , if they need it , than that . St. Louis County Judge Carolyn Whittington has extended the grand jury 's deadline until January 7 , Paul Fox , the county 's director of judicial administration , told CNN this week .	Post-Dispatch : Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson testifies for almost four hours Wilson shot and killed Michael Brown , an unarmed black teen , in Ferguson on August 9 No charges were filed against Wilson ; prosecutors instead took the case to a grand jury A judge recently gave the grand jury until January 7 to decide if Wilson should be charged
CNN  -- Mary Kennedy , from whom Robert F. Kennedy Jr. filed for divorce in 2010 , is dead , an employee of the Westchester County , New York , medical examiner 's office said Wednesday . Mary Kennedy 's funeral set for Saturday The employee , who declined to give his name , told CNN he would provide no further details about the manner and cause of death . Kennedy was 52 . The family released a statement saying , "  We deeply regret the death of our beloved sister Mary , whose radiant and creative spirit will be sorely missed by those who loved her . Our heart goes out to her children who she loved without reservation . " Mary Kennedy 's family blasts stories on her death The Bedford Police Department earlier confirmed they were investigating a possible unattended death at an address owned by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. . Authorities found a deceased individual inside "  an out building " on the property , police said in a statement . Regarding her marital status at the time of her death , Mary Kennedy was n't divorced from Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , her family attorney , Kerry A. Lawrence , told CNN . Mary Richardson Kennedy was "  a tremendously gifted architect and a pioneer and relentless advocate of green design who enhanced her cutting edge , energy efficient creations with exquisite taste and style , " Robert F. Kennedy 's family said in a statement . Mary Kennedy : ` Green ' designer , wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. . She advocated finding a cure for food allergies and asthma and was a co-founder of the Food Allergy Initiative , which is the world 's largest private source of funding for food allergy research , Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 's family said . "  It is with deep sadness that the family of Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. mourns the loss of Mary Richardson Kennedy , wife and mother of their four beloved children . Mary inspired our family with her kindness , her love , her gentle soul and generous spirit , " the husband 's family 's statement said . The couple married in civil ceremony in 1994 when Mary Richardson , a designer , was six months pregnant , according to the Westchester County Journal News . One month prior to the wedding , Robert F. Kennedy Jr. divorced his first wife , Emily Black , the mother of his two oldest children , the newspaper reported . Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , a prominent environmental lawyer who 's a professor at Pace Law School in White Plains , New York , is the third of 11 children born to Ethel and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , who was assassinated when campaigning for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1968 . Details of the couple 's private lives were exposed after Robert F. Kennedy Jr. filed for divorce in Westchester County on May 12 , 2010 . The next evening , according to police records , Bedford police responded to a 911 call . When police arrived at the Kennedy residence they found the couple in an argument over taking their four children to a carnival at St. Patrick 's School . According to a "  domestic incident " report filed by the officer on the scene , "  Mr. Kennedy stated that his wife was intoxicated and was acting irrational so he took the children to the carnival to remove them from the situation . " No one was injured , the report said . Two days later , Mary Kennedy was arrested for driving while intoxicated . At the time , Bedford Police Lt. Jeff Dickans told CNN that Mary Kennedy was arrested around 9:15 p.m. on May 15 , 2010 . Dickans said that a Bedford police officer saw Kennedy 's 2004 Volvo swerving onto the curb of Greenwich Road in Bedford and asked her to pull over . Kennedy had slurred speech , and a blood-alcohol content above 0.08 percent , the legal limit in New York . She was charged with driving while intoxicated . Kerry Lawrence , Mary Kennedy 's family attorney , said the case resulted in a reduction to a violation , the criminal charge was dismissed and her driver 's license was suspended for 90 days . A second arrest occured in August of the same year in the town of Pleasant Valley , in which she was charged with driving while impaired by prescription drugs , Lawrence said . Those charges were dismissed completely in July 2011 because all the drugs were prescribed and taken as her physician advised , the attorney said . As a designer , Mary Kennedy specialized in green architecture , and in a book entitled "  Kennedy Green House " and co-authored by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , he describes how he and his wife restored their flooded , black-mold-infested home into an eco-friendly residence . In the book , her husband wrote that Mary Kennedy had worked for the design firm Parish-Hadley and worked on the renovation of the Naval Observatory in Washington , the official residence of the U.S. vice president . "  We know from a history of this family , it 's very hard being a Kennedy , either being a blood Kennedy or being married to one , " Laurence Leamer , a Kennedy biographer , told CNN .	NEW : She was "  a pioneer and relentless advocate of green design , " RFK Jr. 's family says "  It 's very hard being ... a blood Kennedy or being married to one , " biographer says Mary Kennedy was n't divorced from Robert Kennedy Jr. , family attorney says Robert F. Kennedy Jr. filed for divorce from her in 2010
CNN  -- One of two wildfires burning in Oklahoma City on Wednesday pushed north toward suburban Edmond , illuminating the windy night sky with spirals of flame and flying embers . The fire broke out Tuesday in the less densely populated northeast Oklahoma City and was moving in a northerly direction toward more largely residential , Edmond Fire Chief Tim Wheeler said . "  The winds have shifted a bit , " Wheeler said . "  It 's current path it 's going to travel through a heavily wooded area , which will allow the fire to grow in intensity . " He said it is hoped the fire can be stopped before it crosses Interstate 44 to the southeast of Edmond , but the department had already initiated its Code Red system , which autodials residents ' telephone numbers encouraging them to evacuate . About 380 residents were affected by the initial evacuation call , he said . "  It 's real difficult to fight a fire like this when it gets to all those trees , " Wheeler said . "  We ca n't get our rigs in . " He said that firefighters were getting support during the day from Oklahoma National Guard helicopters equipped with water buckets , "  but now that it 's dark , it 's up to the crews on the ground . " The northeast fire had claimed about 15 square miles since it broke out on Tuesday . Live aerial images from CNN Oklahoma City affiliate KOCO Wednesday night showed brilliant columns of flame bursting through tree canopies and threatening homes in a residential area . Oklahoma City Fire Chief Keith Bryant said firefighters had "  pretty much " contained the northeast fire on Wednesday before winds freshened and caused it to flare up anew . Meanwhile , a fire that started Wednesday afternoon in the southeast side of the city had destroyed two structures and caused some evacuations , he said . Bryant said that fire covered an area 1.5 miles long and a mile wide . KOCO reported that the evacuations from the southeast section covered a square-mile area . The fires forced closure of a 40-mile section of Interstate 44 between the capital city and Tulsa , according to Jack Damrill , a spokesperson with the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority . Bryant said that in the case of both fires , the evacuations have been targeted because the areas are not densely populated . He said the department 's resources have been stretched thin trying to fight the fires amid the high winds and tinder-dry conditions . Like neighboring Texas , nearly all of Oklahoma is suffering from a severe drought , with two-thirds under the most severe category , according to the U.S. Drought Monitor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln .	NEW : Fire moves north , threatening northern suburban city of Edmond NEW : Blaze is "  going to travel through a heavily wooded area , " fire chief says NEW : Edmond initiates robocalls urging evacuations in southern part of city Another fire breaks out in southeast Oklahoma City on Wednesday
CNN  -- Red wine in moderation has been shown to reduce the risks of heart disease . Enjoy a glass with dinner tonight . Those words accord with the best available medical knowledge . When I write them here , I am protected by the First Amendment . If , however , a winemaker were to include those words on a wine label , that winemaker would find itself in serious legal trouble . Fortunately , most of us have a pretty good idea of the health risks and benefits of wine . But when it comes to other important health-affecting products , we depend on doctors , and they , in turn , depend on medical researchers . The free flow of information among medical researchers is regulated very nearly as tightly as advertising by winemakers but by a different government agency : the Food and Drug Administration . The FDA tells pharmaceutical companies what they may say about their products . Any use of the drugs must be approved by the FDA before companies can recommend that use . They are forbidden to mention anything beyond that . Up until last week anyway . Last week , the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals decided a case  PDF  that could that could dramatically expand the free-speech rights of pharmaceutical companies , allowing them to share unapproved information about the drugs they make . The case involved a salesman who talked too much . Alfred Caronia worked as a sales representative for Orphan Medical Inc. , now called Jazz Pharmaceuticals , the company that makes Xyrem , a drug approved to treat a severe version of the sleep disorder narcolepsy . This is a rare condition , and the market for Xyrem was small , about $ 20 million a year in 2005 . Caronia 's job was to promote the use of Xyrem to physicians . He seems not to have been very successful at it . In 2005 , the federal government began an investigation into Caronia for illegally promoting the drug for uses unapproved by the Federal Drug Administration . He was recorded saying that Xyrem could be used on patients under age 16 , unapproved by the FDA . Caronia also suggested that Xyrem could be used to treat fibromyalgia , ditto unapproved . He finally suggested that the drug could be used to treat excessive daytime sleepiness , a use unapproved at the time but approved later . Caronia and an associate were sentenced to a year 's probation . All Caronia did was to speak . One of his claims was corroborated later by the FDA itself . The FDA made no contention that any of his other claims were false or misleading . He was punished not for speaking fraudulently but for speaking without permission . Other people are allowed to speak about off-label use of drugs . If you take aspirin for your heart , but have not had a previous heart attack , you are engaged in an off-label use of drugs right now : FDA-approved labels only mention aspirin as a remedy against recurrent heart trouble . Yet many doctors recommend aspirin as a prophylactic for everyone at risk of heart disease . Doctors freely debate this issue . So do many laypeople . The only people forbidden to join the discussion are the companies who actually make aspirin . Caronia 's words became a crime only because he happened to be an employee of the company that made Xyrem . How , Caronia and his employer asked , can that be constitutional ? On December 3 , a 2-to-1 majority of the Second Circuit agreed with Caronia and Jazz : It 's not . The court said , "  the government can not prosecute pharmaceutical manufacturers and their representatives ... for speech promoting the lawful , off-label use of an FDA-approved drug . " This is big , big news for the drug industry . The ban on discussion of "  off-label " uses of medicine is based on a binary vision of how medicines operate . In this vision , any potential use of a drug is either "  safe and effective " or not "  safe and effective . " Until the FDA says yes , the answer must be no . The trouble is , that vision does not describe the real world very well . Rather than fit into clearly defined categories of "  effective " or "  not effective , " the value of drugs often blurs across a spectrum . A friend who thinks profoundly about these issues calls pharmaceuticals "  useful poisons . " They always come with harms attached . The harms and benefits are always uncertain . For example , FDA-approved advertising will recommend aspirin only for those who have had one heart attack already , but many doctors recommend aspirin prophylactically for people at risk for a first attack . The FDA applies bright line rules , backed by criminal penalties , to an area of science where the lines are not bright at all . There 's no mystery to the evil FDA seeks to prevent . It 's well-described by the dissent in the Caronia case . "  Hardware stores are generally free to sell bottles of turpentine , but may not label those bottles , ` Hamlin 's Wizard Oil : There is no Sore it will Not Heal ; No Pain it will not Subdue , ' " the judge wrote . Hamlin 's Wizard Oil was one of the very first products shut down by the Food and Drug Act in the early 20th century . But in trying to protect the public from flim-flam , the FDA also risks depriving doctors of early notice of information that could treat and cure their patients . The irony is that the law allows "  all-natural food supplements " to make all kinds of wild promises : They 're subject to a different and much more permissive regulatory scheme . You 'll hear radio ads for "  supplements " that tout these products as "  so effective , clinical trials have already begun . " Yet for pharmaceutical products , even the news that a clinical trial has been completed was , until this week , forbidden speech unless the FDA gave the word . That rule has abruptly changed . You 're going to hear more talk about what scientists think medicines might be able to do . Where the side effects of a medicine are high , and where good alternatives are available , doctors and patients will want to exercise caution until the final experiments conclude . But where alternatives do not exist , where something is better than nothing , the Caronia ruling offers hope for a more transparent drug-approval regime . Nothing is certain until the Supreme Court weighs in . But it 's looking likelier that freer speech is coming to American medicine . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Court ruling may dramatically open drug companies ' free speech rights Drug salesman convicted of promoting uses not approved by FDA for a legal drug Frum : But doctors often use drugs "  off-label " ; court said it 's free speech to discuss By trying to protect public , he says , FDA risks depriving doctors of good information
CNN  -- A commercial rocket company has announced plans to go where no other has gone before . Elon Musk , founder and CEO of Space X , said Tuesday that his company is building a rocket big enough to carry more cargo than any space vehicle ever built except the Saturn V moon rocket . Musk made the announcement during a news conference at the National Press Club in Washington . The rocket -- called Falcon Heavy -- will arrive at the Vandenberg Air Force Base launch pad in California in November or December of next year and should be ready for its first test flight in late 2013 , Musk said . Space X is in talks , he said , with several countries , including the United States , and private companies interested in using Falcon Heavy . Space X is paying for all the development costs leading up to and including the first test launch . Musk told CNN it will cost somewhere between $ 300 million and $ 500 million . No paying customers have come forward so far for the first test launch , Musk said . "  We have lots of customers for the second , third and fourth launch , " he said , "  but they did n't have the risk appetite for the first flight . " Space X says the first launches will take place at Vandenberg but eventually Kennedy Space Center in Florida also will be used . Musk said his company is talking with NASA about using one of the two space shuttle launch pads for his new rocket . He said production of Falcon Heavy should create a couple hundred jobs in Florida and California . Overall , Musk said , he expects a couple thousand jobs to be added during the next two years in Florida , California and Texas . Musk told CNN he decided to build the heavy lift rocket because he needed it to put bigger satellites into orbit than his smaller Falcon 9 rocket can handle . Musk said he believes his new rocket will be capable of putting large payloads into orbit for $ 1,000 dollars per pound . The lowest current cost is roughly $ 6,000 per pound . Musk told CNN he wants to bring "  revolutionary change , not evolutionary change , to the space business . " This rocket , he says , is revolutionary . "  The public should be very excited about this . It re-establishes U.S. leadership in space , " he said . Falcon Heavy also will be able to carry humans to the moon or perhaps Mars , Musk said . Because Falcon Heavy wo n't be as big as the old Saturn V , more than one rocket would be needed to carry out those missions . For a mission to the moon , for instance , one rocket would carry the lander and another would be for the crew and command module . Space X already has a contract for a dozen cargo flights to the International Space Station using the smaller Falcon 9 . That rocket has already flown two successful test flights and , barring setbacks , should begin the cargo flights next year . Space X is also in the running to replace the space shuttle program for ferrying astronauts to the space station .	It can carry more cargo than any space vehicle ever built except the Saturn V moon rocket It should be ready for its first test flight in late 2013 Space X is paying for all the development costs
CNN  -- Former Orange County Sheriff Michael S. Carona , once dubbed "  America 's Sheriff , " turned himself in Tuesday to a Colorado federal prison to begin serving his 5 1/2 - year sentence for a witness tampering conviction . Carona , 55 , will serve 66 months in a minimum-security facility called "  The Camp " at the Englewood federal prison in Littleton , Colorado , said John Sell , a corrections spokesman . The prison is 15 miles southwest of Denver . Carona will have to serve at least 85 % of his sentence , spokesman Thom Mrozek of the U.S. Attorney 's Office of the Central District of California told CNN . Carona was sentenced in April 2009 in federal court in Santa Ana , California . He was convicted of trying to persuade a former assistant to lie to and withhold testimony from a federal grand jury investigating claims of corruption in Carona 's campaign and his administration , according to a statement by Mrozek . Carona was also ordered to pay a fine of $ 125,000 , according to Mrozek . During the trial , prosecutors presented evidence of a wide-ranging corruption scheme in which Carona used illegal campaign contributions and personally accepted cash bribes , Mrozek 's statement said . According to the U.S. attorney 's office 's press release , U.S. District Judge Andrew J. Guilford sentenced Carona and called witness tampering "  a very serious offense . " The judge added that "  lying will not be tolerated in this courtroom , especially by law enforcement , especially by the highest-ranking law enforcement official in the county , " according to the prosecutors ' statement . During the trial , prosecutors said they presented evidence of a secretly recorded meeting in August 2007 in which Carona tried to persuade former Assistant Sheriff Don Haidl to lie to a grand jury that Carona thought had subpoenaed Haidl , according to Mrozek . In papers filed with the court before the 2009 sentencing , prosecutors charged that Carona received or solicited cash and other items of value worth at least $ 432,144 , according to Mrozek 's statement . The FBI and IRS-Criminal Investigation conducted the investigation into Carona . California news outlets have referred to Carona as "  America 's Sheriff " and have credited former CNN host Larry King with the nickname . In 2002 , then-Sheriff Carona appeared on "  Larry King Live " because he caught the kidnapper and killer of 5-year-old Samantha Runnion , whom Carona dubbed "  America 's Little Girl . " King called Carona and the girl 's mother , both guests , "  genuine American heroes and heroines , " according to a CNN transcript .	Former Orange County Sheriff Michael S. Carona reports to a minimum-security prison He will serve a 5 1/2 - year sentence for his conviction on witness tampering CNN 's Larry King is credited with dubbing him "  America 's Sheriff "
Mashable  -- The word on the street tonight is that Apple is toying with the idea of a much larger screen for the iPhone 5 . Other iPhone 5 rumors include a slide-out keyboard and a more competitive camera . These rumors may have been spawned by glimpses of as-yet unfinished prototypes which may never come to market ; they could be complete fiction . Or they could also represent part of the future of Apple 's iconic phone . The bulk of this iPhone 5-related gossip comes from a Taiwanese blog with a high rate of accuracy on previous Apple leaks . The screen-size rumor comes from DigiTimes . The interesting thing about all these rumors is that each one suggests Apple is more concerned than ever about competing with Android devices , many of which feature huge screens , massive cameras and physical keyboards already . For example , many top-of-the-line Android models feature 8-megapixel cameras in contrast to the iPhone 4 's 5-megapixel model . A couple devices in non-U.S. markets even top that spec ; the Altek Leo features a 14-megapixel camera . Without question , the trend is toward more megapixels with every passing month . And some of these Android devices feature screens as large as 4.3 inches . Android devices with screens in the 4-inches-and-over category often sport kickstands and are lauded for their multimedia capabilities -- or derided for being slightly impractical and unwieldy , depending on the user 's perspective . Mashable : iPad 2 rumored to have SD card slot Now , the iPhone 5 is rumored to have a camera between 8 megapixels  competitive with current Android phones  and 12 megapixels  blowing most current Android models out of the water and likely keeping pace with future Androids , too  . With a better camera and a larger screen , it might sport the specs to intrigue those whose loyalties lie with the best hardware over the brand name . The physical keyboard rumor , however , is a horse of a different color . A handful of Android and RIM devices have been holding sway over the business and content-creating crowd with their über-efficient text entry . But the enterprise is n't a market Apple has typically courted in the past ; to do so now , we suspect they 'd have to have a virtual keyboard option alongside a physical keyboard option -- an extremely atypical move for the company . Which of these rumors -- if any -- do you think are true ? Give us your opinion in the comments . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Rumors spawned by glimpses of as-yet unfinished prototypes Rumors include a slide-out keyboard and a more competitive camera Bulk of this iPhone 5-related gossip comes from a Taiwanese blog
Washington  CNN  -- About half the schools in Tennessee did n't meet the annual yearly progress requirements of the No Child Left Behind law last year . Tennessee is not alone . Saying schools are struggling to meet the student progress requirements of the No Child Left Behind law , the White House announced Monday it would be signing waivers that will relieve schools of some of the key provisions of the law . "  The law -- No Child Left Behind -- as it currently stands is four years overdue for being rewritten . It is far too punitive , it is far too prescriptive , lead to a dummying down of standards , lead to a narrowing of the curriculum , " Education Secretary Arne Duncan said at a White House press briefing on Monday . "  We ca n't afford to have the law of the land be one that has so many perverse incentives or disincentives to the kind of progress that we want to see . " The law requires that all students meet reading and math adequacy by 2014 . If they do n't , the schools are subject to reforms . As the standards have increased annually , schools are finding it increasingly difficult to meet them . "  We hope that this is simply a transition or bridge to fixing the law , " Duncan said of the waiver plans . Rather than a large sweeping bill to reauthorize the entire Elementary and Secondary Education Act  ESEA  , also known as No Child Left Behind Act , Rep. John Kline 's committee has been working on smaller , more specific bills throughout the summer , to address ESEA concerns . The Republican-led House Education and the Workforce committee has passed three bills intended to streamline education programs , address charter school issues and give states and localities more flexibility in spending their federal dollars . These bills have not yet made it to the House floor for debate , nor have they come up in the Democratic-led Senate for debate . Only one of the bills -- the one on charter schools -- passed out of the House committee with bipartisan support . The committee is expected to take up separate legislation on teacher effectiveness and accountability this fall . "  I remain concerned that temporary measures instituted by the Department  of Education  , such as conditional waivers , could undermine the committee 's efforts to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act , " Kline , R-Minnesota , said in a statement Friday . Duncan said the Education Department will announce the standards under which the waivers will be granted in September but in the meantime , they encourage all states to apply . Duncan said he had talked to more than 30 governors about the waiver plan . "  I have not spoken to one governor that was n't very enthusiastic about this , " he said . Tennessee applied for a waiver to the law late last month , according to Kelli Gauthier of the Department of Education there . Without a waiver , Tennessee would be "  responsible for intervening in a large number of its ` failing ' schools ; a role the department has neither the desire nor the capacity to take on , " according to Gauthier . Tennessee is still waiting to see if Secretary Duncan approves their request .	Education Secretary Duncan hopes this is transition to fix for law Current law leads "  to a dummying down of standards " House panel has passed 3 education-related bills Head of panel says he 's concerned about temporary measures
CNN  -- Of the fall television season , it 's probably safe to say , NBC 's "  Grimm " was not expected to be the breakout hit , or any hit for that matter . The time slot was terrible  Friday nights  , it had no major stars attached to it and the premise -- Grimm fairy tales set in modern times around the banner of a police procedural -- sounds like it could be the cheesiest thing ever . But it 's not . The show is dark and imaginative , both in rich , lush set designs and writing that puts a spin on the original Grimm tales where they come alive and make sense in the context viewers are given  short answer : the Brothers Grimm were n't writing early kid-lit ; they were writing about real occurrences  . "  Grimm " centers around Detective Nick Burkhardt  played by David Giuntoli  , who in the first episode finds out he 's a long lost descendent of the Grimms and is starting to see people for who they really are -- in short , evil . Giuntoli has been a working actor for the past several years , picking up mostly one-off roles on shows like "  Grey 's Anatomy , " "  Cold Case " and "  Hot in Cleveland " before landing the plum role on "  Grimm . " CNN recently spoke with the actor from the "  Grimm " set in Portland , Oregon , about what makes the show such an unlikely hit and the process of bringing fairy tales to the small screen . CNN : Prior to "  Grimm , " what were you doing for the most part ? Giuntoli : I was a working actor for three or four years before I got "  Grimm . " I was doing what many actors do in Hollywood : I was working gig to gig . I would book a lot of pilots for TV shows that were n't picked up . I 'd been positioning myself for the last years to get the show , but it takes so many ... just the right mix of circumstances to take place for a show to go . But the first two years I lived in L.A. , I managed an apartment complex in Little Armenia . So I did n't have to pay rent . There were more Armenians in Little Armenia than I think in actual Armenia . CNN : What 's a "  Grimm " audition like ? Do you have to pretend like wolf people are chasing you ? Giuntoli : It 's funny how the audition process is . So often you 'll get a script that 's completely retooled by the time you get to the series . And that 's what happened . I was auditioning with scenes that never made it to the final script . For example , in one of my first scenes I auditioned was me telling  my girlfriend  Juliette everything I 'd been seeing and admitting everything to her , right away . Now , we probably wo n't let that happen for a long time . But I did n't have to chase anybody . CNN : The show 's part police procedural , part fantasy . Why does this mix work ? Giuntoli : It caters to several demographics out there . Something that surprised me : Young people really are enjoying this . The "  Twilight " crowd are going crazy for it . And it makes sense . They 're home on Friday nights . Families are watching this together . That really helped it become this little ratings hit for NBC . People love it . Hopefully the procedural people like it , too . Let the Venn diagram overlap everybody . CNN : You could be the next Robert Patterson . Giuntoli : If I stop eating , grow and lose that pesky pigment in my skin . CNN : But what do you think it is ? That viewers had gotten bored of the run-of-the-mill cop dramas , or that fantasy is just so appealing right now . Giuntoli : -LSB- Attracting the "  Twilight " fans -RSB- is something we did n't consider would happen ; it 's only dawning on us now that it 's happening . The people that are visiting our sets , the people that are really going crazy are 25 and younger . Maybe that 's who goes crazy for anything , but that 's what we 're seeing . Another thing that 's been postulated is the economic downturn and that people flock to fantasy for escapism . I do n't know how true that is , I do n't know if that 's any more true now than it ever was , or people are watching TV now because it 's network and it 's free . But it makes sense to me . CNN : What 's the "  Grimm " set like ? Giuntoli : We 're not serious at all . We are somewhere between good times and grab-a ** . I do n't know what that really means ... no , the cast , we all hit it off . We 're all actors and we think we 're funny . We do about half our work outside . I was just in a rainforest , I swear , two hours ago . You make one turn down a windy road and it 's sunny , and the next turn you 're in a cloud and there 's ferns all over the place like Jurassic Park . We try to use the aesthetic of the woods and the moss and the light precipitation . That 's where "  Grimm " lives aesthetically . That mossy , dense forest , which is a great substitute for the Black Forest , which is where the originals were largely set . CNN : At the table readings , or when you get on set -- have you noticed any difficulties in adapting these old narratives into modern times ? Giuntoli : No , I have n't . Our writing staff is really clever and fairly seamlessly adapt the old fairy tales . Also , they take liberties . They pluck what they want from the original Grimm fairy tales and discard what they do n't want , in a sense . It 's TV , it 's creative , they can do whatever they want . I think the joy in it is finding the little nuggets of what is from the fairy tales and what is n't . CNN : People are weary of remakes . Did you initially think that re-purposing this material was risky ? Giuntoli : People do get worked up over remakes , do n't they ? They feel ownership of the first thing . People get worked up about anything . I did n't worry about taking this or sullying the Grimm name or anything like that . It 's a creative little spin we 're putting on it . CNN : The series just got a full 22-episode order . What 's in store for Nick ? He seems like a nice guy at this stage . A guy you 'd trust your daughter to go out on a date with . Giuntoli : Oh yeah . He 's that guy . You could trust your daughter to drive cross country with him upon one meeting . I hope that I go from nice guy to bad guy , but who knows ? There 's so many places for it to go . I think I learn more about the past coming up here soon . I think what happens to a Grimm , over time , they get hardened and mean . "  Grimm " airs at 9 p.m. ET , 8 p.m. CT Fridays on NBC . A special new episode will air at 10 p.m. Thursday following "  Whitney . "	"  Grimm " centers around detective who finds out he 's a descendent of the Grimms "  Young people really are enjoying this , " David Giuntoli says "  That 's where "  Grimm " lives , aesthetically . That mossy , dense forest , " he says
Washington  CNN  -- Mayor Vincent Gray knew in January 2012 that members of his staff had not properly reported funds raised for his 2010 campaign , according to a source close to a federal investigation into his campaign funding . When Jeanne Clarke Harris , a public relations consultant , told Gray in a meeting that she had not reported all the expenditures from the campaign , the mayor instructed her to report them right away , the source said . Harris pleaded guilty this week to helping orchestrate a secret campaign on Gray 's behalf . The allegations have led three of Gray 's former colleagues on the Washington council -- David A. Catania , Mary M. Cheh and Muriel Bowser -- to call for his resignation , while also writing the next chapter in what has been a long history of political scandal coming from Washington 's mayoral office . Three of the last four occupants of the office have been stung by ethics questions ranging from crack cocaine use and possession to campaign finance violations . "  Whether or not he knew of the massive election fraud that was taking place in his name , he is responsible for it , " Cheh said in a statement about Gray . She said the scandal "  has caused incalculable harm to the district . " On Wednesday in his first public statements since Harris ' revelations , Gray said , "  This is not the campaign that we intended to run . " Gray went on to acknowledge that his 2010 campaign had "  issues . " But on Thursday , Gray said he had no plans to resign . Asked about the three council members who are calling for him to resign , Gray said there are nine other members who have not called for his resignation . And he said he was disappointed in Cheh 's call for him to step down . "  She 's a constitutional lawyer and I think people you know , until somebody has proven somebody there is something , there 's no reason to raise those kind of issues , " he said . Former senior adviser Mo Elleithee verified the issues , saying there were basically two campaigns . "  There were those people that were working legitimately , following the rules , playing by the rules trying to get his message out , " said Elleithee . "  And then there were these people doing this thing on the side . And most of us on the legitimate campaign did n't see it . They hid it very well . " Elleithee said he did n't believe Gray should step down over the finance infractions , as long as he did n't do anything directly wrong . Elleithee did acknowledged that "  every candidate is ultimately responsible for his own campaign . " Campaigns and politicians with "  issues " are par for the course in Washington 's local government . The litany of D.C. politicians who became mired in political scandal and turmoil -- some of whom were forced to resign for wrongdoing -- is not a lonely group . The most well known of the scandalized district politicians is Marion Barry , a four-term Washington mayor and current council member for Ward 8 . Barry was first elected in 1979 and was the dominant political force in the district until 1990 , when he was arrested and charged with crack cocaine use and possession . Barry was caught in a sting operation while he and his former girlfriend , Rasheeda Moore , were using crack in a room at the Vista Hotel . After agents stormed the room and arrested Barry -- all of which was caught on camera -- the mayor became enraged and yelled , "  Bitch set me up . " The sting and arrest became a stain on the district and , in many ways , made the mayor a laughingstock . Barry was convicted of drug possession and served six months in federal prison . Barry was n't done getting in trouble . In 2005 , he pleaded guilty to failing to file his tax returns from 1999 through 2004 . For that plea , the then-D.C . council member received three years ' probation . D.C. political scandal is not contained to Barry . In 2009 , four Washington council committees voted to investigate then-Mayor Adrian Fenty after city contracts were awarded to a company owned by Omar Karim , one of Fenty 's former fraternity brothers . Attorney Robert Trout , whom the council appointed as the investigator , found that Fenty did nothing wrong , but Trout found possible wrongdoing by Karim and the stain of the investigation nagged Fenty in his losing 2010 race against Gray . Gray has a long history in Washington politics , dating back to his time as director of the D.C. Department of Human Services in 1991 . During his time as director , he grew the size and scope of the department and came to be known as a vocal advocate for the district 's homeless community . Gray was first elected to the Council of the District of Columbia , the governing body where Gray made most of his political name , in 2004 . When the chairman of the council decided not to seek re-election in 2006 , Gray ran for the chairmanship and won . He ran as a unifying candidate , with a campaign slogan of "  One City , " and pledged to unite a city that had long seen distinct social and racial divides . Gray reused the "  One City " mantra in his 2010 race for mayor . But according to political analyst Mark Plotkin , Gray 's time as mayor may be short-lived . According to the longtime D.C. political analyst , Gray is losing legitimacy . "  My feeling is that it 's just a matter of time , " Plotkin said . "  The political and the legal pressure , working almost together , I just do n't know what he comes up with as a rebuttal . And even if it is proven that he had nothing to do with this , and is exonerated , his legitimacy is so much in question . "	Gray faces heat over investigation into his campaign funding Other Washington mayors have been the subject of investigation Most widely known is Marion Barry , who served time on a drug charge
London , England  CNN  -- When I think back on this past week and the rollercoaster of emotions I have experienced at the Paralympics , I realize that everything happens for a reason . Hours before the London 2012 opening ceremonies I learned that my appeal to overturn my reclassification had been denied . In that moment I felt defeat . I felt as though everything I had worked for the past four and a half years had been stripped from me , but it was then that I realized that the journey to get to this point was n't about the medals . The reason why I got back in the water in April 2008 nearly four months after being paralyzed , the reason that I devoted my life to swimming for the past four years , the sacrifices I made , and the person I became , was n't about the medals . I think it was easy for me to get lost in the numbers -- the number of how many golds I could win -- but when this happened it forced me to reflect on my journey and what got me to this point . I realized I did all of that to become the best possible swimmer , athlete and person I could be for this very moment , medals or no medals . Read more : Follow CNN 's live Paralympics blog I poured my heart , soul , sweat and tears into these past four and a half years to challenge myself , to see just how far I can push my body , to move forward with life , and most importantly because I absolutely love to swim . No matter what happens and what has happened , that is something that ca n't be taken away from me . That is something that no-one can strip from me . The work that I have put into this , the passion that backs it , and who I have become throughout this journey all remains the same no matter what classification I am . As I went into Sunday 's 50 meters freestyle , I knew what I had to do and I knew what I wanted . I had dreamed of that very moment for years and I wanted nothing more than to see our flag raised and hear the national anthem play . Join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag #cnnparalympics I went into that race with some stiff competition . Competition I had never raced before . I sat in the ready room as a T10 complete paraplegic , no function from my belly button down , and I was up against girls who are single-arm amputees . I sat there and watched them stretch their legs as I stretched my arms and I knew that it would be an uphill battle , but I also knew that nothing is impossible . As I got out to the blocks , everything from that point on became a blur up until the point when I hit the wall and turned to see my face on the big screen . Read more : Paralympics classification controversy explained I had done it , I had won my first Paralympic gold medal and I had done it despite my reclassification and everything that had happened . In that very moment the journey that brought me there flashed before my eyes . Everything I had dreamed of came true . I proved to myself that no obstacle is too big to overcome . No matter what happens we all have the ability to overcome , and on Sunday I pushed my body to new limits and showcased my ability . Follow and chat with Mallory Weggemann on Twitter	U.S. athlete Mallory Weggemann is an eight-time world champion Weggemann paralyzed from the waist down after epidural injection to treat shingles The U.S. swimmer resumed swimming just four months after being paralyzed Weggemann talks about overcoming obstacles on her journey to the London Paralympics
CNN  -- Veteran American Paul Goydos has become just the fourth player in PGA Tour history to break the 60-shot barrier after carding a remarkable 12-under-par 59 in the opening round of the John Deere Classic on Thursday . Goydos follows in the footsteps of Al Geiberger  1977  , Chip Beck  1991  and David Duval  1999  after his 12-birdie blitz at the TPC Deer Run , Silvis , Illinois . However , Goydos , who at 46 is the oldest player to achieve the feat , is the only one of the quartet to break the barrier on a par-71 . The Californian closed out the back nine in just 28 shots , with eight birdies in nine holes , while he took just 22 putts all day . Michael Letzig and Australian Matt Jones head the chasing pack after carding seven-under-par 64s , with Letzig also keeping a bogey off his card . Japan 's Ryo Ishikawa is the only player to shoot a round of 68 , which he achieved in the final round of The Crowns on his home tour on May 2 . Meanwhile , Irishman Darren Clarke leads the field after the opening round of the Scottish Open at Loch Lomond . The former Ryder Cup player carded a six-under-par 65 to hold a narrow advantage over Graeme Storm , Damien McGrane and Edoardo Molinari in the traditional British Open warm-up . The 40-year-old Clarke has still not secured a place in the St Andrews field next week and he told reporters : "  This is the first round and there 's an awful long way to go , but of course I would love to qualify . " A further seven players , including American John Daly , are a further stroke behind , while world number two Phil Mickelson is off the pace after an opening round level par 71 .	Veteran American Paul Goydos cards a 12-under-par 59 in the John Deere Classic The 46-year-old becomes the fourth player to achieve the feat in PGA Tour history The Californian is the first player to break the milestone on a par-71 course Irishman Darren Clarke cards a six-under-par 65 to lead the Scottish Open at Loch Lomond
CNN  A year after its Cannes debut and finally seeing a theatrical release , "  Lost River " is still causing quite a stir . Booed at its premiere and mocked by reviewers , Ryan Gosling 's first feature as director has been divisive , to put it mildly . But there has been one shining light cutting through the fog of critical hyperbole : its setting , a besmirched and decaying Detroit . Wavering on the brink of annihilation , yet providing kindling for its own rebirth , the city is captured in all its waning splendor , the perfect backdrop for Gosling 's post-industrial gothic . Speaking about the film in London , Gosling made clear that the city was at the heart of the project -- in fact , without Detroit 's crumbling edifices there would be no film at all . Gosling said that "  Lost River " began as a collection of speculative shots of the Brewster-Douglass Projects , the first black social housing development in America and a place Motown legends The Supremes and boxer Joe Louis once called home . "  I heard -LSB- the authorities -RSB- were going to tear them down , " Gosling said . "  I had to shoot them before they did . " Taking time out between acting jobs , he ventured into the projects . "  I started shooting more and more , " he explained , "  and then I realized that I was making a film . Then I started writing -LSB- the script -RSB- during the process of filming . " Gosling 's affection for the Motor City is longstanding , the actor growing up "  not too far away " in Cornwall , Ontario . "  It seemed like everything cool came from Detroit ... the whole American Dream , " he reminisces . "  The Model-T , Motown , the refrigerator ... " Now though he references "  40 miles of dead neighborhoods , " the city declaring bankruptcy . "  Houses are burning and things are being torn down , " he says , "  and within that there are families trying to hold on to their homes . For them it has become a nightmare and I wanted to make a film about that . " The title itself alludes to a once thriving community now displaced , its homes at the bottom of a reservoir built with little concern for the residents -- man-made interference with untold social repercussions . Speaking in broader terms , Gosling argues "  there are Lost Rivers everywhere and we wanted to share the experience these people were having . " On screen he paints a nihilistic image of wanton destruction ; torched properties and bulldozers jostling for our attention amid acts of extreme human violence -- sometimes self-inflicted . The director plainly states that as a location it "  was pretty dangerous . " He describes "  an energy there that was threatening ... We had a very charmed experience -LSB- filming -RSB- . It worked its way into the fabric of the movie -- a tone of impending threat that was just there . " However there are signs of humanity and regeneration amongst the chaos , on camera and off . For the film 's young protagonist , every raid on an unoccupied house offers copper piping waiting to be recast and ultimately reclaimed . Similarly , Gosling references the Heidelberg Project during the discussion , a community organization in the city 's McDougall-Hunt neighborhood , reimagining derelict buildings as giant canvases for budding artists . He recalls seeing "  one house covered with teddy bears , another covered in clocks ... people taking spaces and personalizing them . " The city 's scope for urban renewal was clearly a draw . "  Something really interesting is happening in Detroit at the moment -- a rebirth . People redefining what they are , " according to Gosling . "  There 's a resilience there and an energy , and it 's exciting . " As much as the visual content of "  Lost River " revolves around a maudlin preoccupation with dereliction -- and perhaps plays on the outside world 's perception of Detroit -- aspects of the narrative suggest hope and the possibility of reincarnation for the city . Gosling claims this paradox should exist when discussing Detroit , and is precisely what the film is trying to convey . "  We want people to know that dereliction is happening there , but that it 's not only what is happening there , " he argues . "  It does n't define Detroit , it 's just part of what it 's dealing with right now . " "  Lost River " receives a limited theatrical release in the U.S. and UK on April 10 .	Ryan Gosling 's directorial debut , "  Lost River " , is set in the city of Detroit
CNN  -- A comet is speeding toward a close-encounter with Mars . Comet Siding Spring is expected to come within 87,000 miles of Mars at about 2:27 p.m. ET on Sunday -- very close for a comet flyby . The space rock is moving at about 126,000 mph  56 kilometers per second  . NASA thinks the comet will miss the Red Planet , but comets spew out a trail of dust and gas , and that could damage the fleet of spacecraft orbiting Mars . "  Mars will be right at the edge of the debris cloud , so it might encounter some of the particles -- or it might not , " Rich Zurek , chief scientist for the Mars Exploration Program at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said in a press release . "  It only takes a half-a-millimeter-sized particle traveling at 56 kilometers per second to injure one of these spacecraft , " Don Yeomans , manager of the Near Earth Object Program Office said in a NASA video . Just to be safe , NASA will move the Mars Odyssey orbiter , Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter  MRO  , and the new Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN  MAVEN  to the other side of the planet as the comet approaches . "  We 're going to hide behind Mars , " said Rob Lock , Orbiter Studies Lead in the Mars Program Office . "  Kind of like diving under your desk if there 's an earthquake and flying glass around . " See NASA 's YouTube video explaining comet flyby The orbiters will take pictures and collect data on the comet as it zips by . Several Earth-based and space telescopes , including the Hubble Space Telescope , also will take pictures . What about the probes on the surface of Mars ? NASA says the rovers are safe and will be protected by Mars ' atmosphere .	Comet Siding Spring to fly close to Mars NASA will move its orbiters to dodge comet dust A fleet of space probes will observe the comet
CNN  -- In my family , I 'm always bringing up stories from the past , our family 's story , our diversity . My daughter often rolls her eyes . "  We do n't need to keep talking about this stuff . We get it . " My son admonishes . "  We know ! " In truth , their schools have done of a good job trying to make their population more closely resemble our country and our world . My kids have friends of all races , cultures and social classes . However , as a female white mom married to a male white dad with two biologically conceived white children , I 'm trying to make a different point . I want them to understand that light skin color is not the norm from which everyone differs . White is not the signifier of normal . Many white kids take diversity for granted . They have worked hard to overcome stereotypes and bias and to accept other people as different . The fact that they may be someone else 's diversity rarely occurs to them , let alone most white adults . Three influences have altered my white-centric perspective : my psychology students , the people with whom I work in my clinical practice and the diversity work of both my kids ' New York City private schools . Some of my psychology students wanted to write a children 's book where every character had a different identity . Children 's books generally feature characters of one race or ethnicity , not multiple identities in interaction with one another . When we finished our first draft , we realized our characters had become very close friends . They each came from a different place but everyone had came from somewhere . Skin color does n't define personhood , but since race is a marker of identity in our society , the experience of personhood includes having to deal with the meanings others attribute to racial identity . Protected by the privacy of a clinical relationship , beautiful black and brown women have shared how ugly they feel . Gentle dark-skinned men convey the humiliation that overcomes them when white people mistake them for dangerous criminals . Since whiteness has become synonymous with a better life , it is easy for any lighter-skinned person to use skin color as a shield against hurtful stereotypes about social class , gender , sexuality , family history or even mental illness . When white people deny their own embarrassing identity markers , we perpetuate the hypocrisy that only people of color have these problems . As a psychologist -- no , as a person -- recognizing status and identity anxiety as a mutual experience lifts the veil that ordinarily separates us from each other . This year , the parents association at one of my kids ' schools named me co-chair of the diversity committee . I felt so self-conscious . Group leadership called forth a greater reckoning with my identity than simply participating in a committee . It also provided me the chance to experience being a minority member of a group . Sometimes I sat as the only white person at the table feeling really insecure , worried that I would be seen as a white stereotype instead of as myself . How did growing up white with financial struggles intersect with racial diversity ? When white people want to "  help " people of color , it always reeks of privilege and entitlement as in , "  let me help you with your problems . " It 's a different sentiment than "  let 's help each other with our problems . " Did people of color trust me ? Did they wonder what I was doing on the diversity committee ? Was it my job to speak for the concerns of underrepresented minorities ? Or did I contribute more by trying to put forth a more multifaceted approach to the question of identity ? How can we sit with each other 's differences without feeling compelled to rank one way of being or looking as being better or worse than the other ? Our diversity committee ultimately worked through these questions in our conversations . Although we did not fully answer them , we found that by talking about them , we discovered the theme of our work and developed a friendship . I now look at diversity as something that is in my interest : I want to live in a society where dignified difference constitutes our common core . Nuances in how we think , feel , work and love define what it means to be human . Everyone is unusual and unique . Racism is just another word for hating our realness . Our commonality as a country derives from the fact that we all have an identity just beneath the surface of our skins . The variety of stories that inhabit the people who call this country home -- from the brutality of slavery to the flight from genocides to the call to some better god -- enable democracy 's creative synergy . The hands that have built the instruments of modern America have been every color , every nationality and every religion . I want to be part of a world that loves and embraces humanity as a diverse and interconnected organism . I want to be part of a world that accepts that every difference has a color , and every color has a unique meaning . How do I do this ? I realized that it starts at home . Rather than teaching my kids that they are white , I want to impart to them that they are part of a kaleidoscope -- lots of continually shifting colors and shapes . They do n't always want to hear their parents tell another story about grandpa 's poverty or the coal-mining relatives . But this history holds our family 's painful and joyous truths . Every family need only peel back the layers of a few generations to find their own story . Authentic family history exposes everyone 's diversity . A society that embraces uniqueness loves the messiness of the human condition . Being loved despite or because of our messy truths creates empathy rather than sympathy . When we raise children to accept and acknowledge their own story , they learn to listen to someone else 's , with respect . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Susan Bodnar .	Susan Bodnar : "  White is not the signifier of normal " Author : Work , students and her kid 's schools altered her "  white centric " perspective Bodnar : I want to live in a society where dignified difference constitutes our common core Raise children to accept their own stories so they can respect others , author says
CNN  -- Italy 's coffee industry is being hit by the debt crisis as consumers stay home and tap quick-fix machines for their caffeine kick . Italians are increasingly buying their coffee on the shelves rather than ordering cappuccinos in the local cafes and bars , and the impact is reverberating through the industry . Budget blues Mauricio Galindo , head of operations at the International Coffee Organization  ICO  , told CNN family 's budgets were being hit by the country 's flailing economy . EXPLORE : How is your confidence in the euro ? "  People do n't drink as many coffees outside because they 're more expensive , a little espresso is 2 euro , 2.50 , " he said . "  So they just buy to make it at home , and make it cheaper . " One of the country 's most famous brands is feeling the squeeze as coffee-drinking habits change . Lavazza boss Antonio Baravalle told CNN that "  from a consumer point of view , we are facing a crisis in Italy because the market is losing 3 % -LSB- to -RSB- 4 % . " Italy has been one of the worst hit countries in the eurozone 's financial crisis . The country has had eight consecutive quarters of economic contraction and unemployment is over 12 % . Coffee consumption in Italy has dropped from 5.9 kg in 2008 , as the crisis kicked up , to 5.6 kg per person last year , according to the ICO . READ MORE : Eurostar 's pitch to open Europe According to Galinda , people associate Italy with the espresso machine because it invented the style of coffee brewed under high pressure and with very hot temperatures . However , the Mediterranean country drinks less coffee than its reputation might suggest -- Finland consumption comes in at twice the level . The single shot The arrival of the capsule-based Nespresso machine has attracted coffee-lovers through the U.S. and the UK , Galinda noted . This move toward single-serve devices could change consumption patterns in Europe , he added . "  As these machines become more popular , as they penetrate Germany and France , this could mean that people overall consume more coffee , " he told CNN . WATCH : Film studio 's challenges For Baravalle , the shift creates an opportunity outside the company 's home market . Lavazza currently holds 50 % of the coffee market in Italy , the eurozone 's third-largest economy , but is looking beyond those borders for its growth . "  We want to create USA as a second market for us ... our objective is to become a credible alternative to Nespresso , " he told CNN .	In 2012 , consumers in Italy , Europe 's second biggest importer of coffee , drank 5.6 kg per person Italians are choosing to buy their coffee on the shelves rather than ordering cappuccinos in the local cafes Galindo believes the single-serve devices may change consumption patterns in Europe
CNN  -- 2012 has been a tumultuous year in American politics . With the presidential election capping off the year , Americans have witnessed a series of bitter domestic battles and turbulent events overseas . As the year closes out , it is worth thinking about some of the most important lessons that politicians and voters can learn from this year as they prepare for 2013 . Here are six : The Republican brand name is in trouble : The GOP took a drubbing in 2012 . To be sure , Mitt Romney ran a problematic campaign . His inability to connect with voters and a number of embarrassing gaffes hurt the chances for Republicans to succeed . Just as important to the outcome was the party that Romney represented . Voters are not happy with the GOP . Public approval for the party has been extremely low . Congressional Republicans have helped to bring down the party name with their inability to compromise . Recent polls show that if the nation goes off the fiscal cliff , the Republicans would be blamed . According to a survey by NBC and the Wall Street Journal , 65 percent of people asked for a short word or phrase to describe the GOP came up with something negative . The Republican Party was also the lowest-rated political institution . The exit polls in November showed that the GOP is out of step with the electorate on a number of big issues , including immigration and gay marriage . If Republicans do n't undertake some serious reforms and offer fresh voices , all the new messaging in the world wo n't help them as the competition starts for 2016 . Opinion : Madness in the air in Washington America has grown more liberal on cultural and social issues : The election results confirmed what polls have been showing for some time . If the 1960s was a battle over conservative "  traditional family values " and liberal ideals of social relations , liberals eventually won . Throughout the year , polls showed , for example , that the public was becoming more tolerant of gay marriage and civil unions . Americans support the view that gay sex should be legal by a margin of 2-1 , compared to 1977 when the public was split . In the election , same-sex marriage was approved in three states , voters in Wisconsin sent to office the first openly gay senator , and two states approved of referendums to legalize the recreational use of marijuana . Americans are accepting of social diversity , and expect that the pluralism of the electorate will be reflected by the composition of elected officials in Washington . While there are some conservative voices who lament these changes and warn of a nation that is veering toward Sodom , a majority are more than comfortable that some of the taboos and social restrictions of earlier eras are fading and that we live in a nation which is more tolerant than ever before . These social and cultural changes will certainly raise more questions about restrictive practices and policies that remain in place while creating pressure for new kinds of leaders who are responsive to these changes . The Middle East remains a tinderbox : In the years that followed Barack Obama 's election , there was some hope that the Middle East could become a calmer region . When revolutions brought down some of the most notorious dictators in the region , many Americans cheered as the fervor for democracy seemed to be riding high . But events in 2012 threw some cold water on those hopes . The Muslim Brotherhood won control of the Egyptian government . In Syria , the government brutally cracked down on opponents , reaching the point in December where Obama 's administration has started to talk about the possibility of the al-Assad regime using chemical weapons , though the severity of the threat is unclear . The battles between Palestinians and Israel raged with rockets being fired into Tel Aviv and Israelis bombing targets in Gaza . Although national attention is focused on domestic policy , it is clear that the Middle East has the capacity to command national attention at any moment and remains as explosive as ever . Our infrastructure needs repair : Hurricane Sandy devastated the Northeast in November , leaving millions of Americans on the East Coast without power and with damaged property . Soon after the hurricane hit , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo made an important point . The infrastructure of our cities is outdated and needs to be revamped so that it can withstand current weather patterns . Speaking of the need for levees in New York , Cuomo said : "  It is something we 're going to have to start thinking about ... The construction of this city did not anticipate these kinds of situations . " Regardless of whether Congress takes action on the issue of climate change , in the short term cities and suburbs must do more work to curtail the kind of damage wreaked by these storms and to mitigate the costs of recovery -- building underground power lines , increasing resources for emergency responders , building state-of-the-art water systems , and constructing effective barriers to block water from flooding . The new immigrants are a powerful political and social force : As was the case in the turn of the twentieth century when Eastern and Southern Europeans came into this county , massive waves of immigration are remaking the social fabric of the nation . Latino-Americans , Asian-Americans and other new portions of the electorate who have been coming into the country since the reform of immigration laws in 1965 are coming to represent a bigger and bigger portion of the electorate . Not only are their numbers growing as a voting bloc , but they are more organized and active than ever before , both on election day as well as in policy making . Soon after the election , The New York Times reported that 600 members of United We Dream , a network of younger immigrants who do n't have their papers , met for three days to plan how to lobby for a bill that would enable 11 million illegal immigrants to become legal . One of the leaders , Christina Jimenez , explained : "  We have an unprecedented opportunity to engage our parents , our cousins , our abuelitos in this fight . " They have both parties scrambling as Democrats are working to fulfill the promises that brought these voters to their side in November , while some Republicans are desperate to dampen the influence of hardline anti-immigration activists in their party . We need to do something about guns . The year ended with a horrific shooting at an elementary school in Connecticut . When a 20-year-old went on a rampage apparently using guns that had been legally purchased by his mother , the world watched with horror . Several prominent conservative advocates of gun rights , including former congressman and television host Joseph Scarborough as well as Sen. Joe Manchin , made statements indicating that the time has come to impose stricter controls and regulations on the purchase of weapons . "  I do n't know anybody in the sporting or hunting arena that goes out with an assault file , " Manchin said . Over the next few weeks , there will certainly be a big debate about what caused this shooting . People from different perspectives will highlight different issues but making it more difficult for people to get their hands on certain kinds of weapons , while not a cure-all , can only diminish the chances of this happening again . There are many more lessons but these six stand out . After the trauma of the past week , let 's hope the new year starts off with better days . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : 2012 was a year of bitter domestic battles , turbulence overseas He says the weakness of GOP , renewed strength of liberalism were apparent Zelizer says the year also highlighted the influence of new immigrants in America Zelizer : Year ended with a tragic reminder about need to act on gun control
CNN  -- Brazilian World Cup hero Ronaldo says he is to retire from football at the end of next year . Ronaldo , who was a member of the Brazil squad which won the 1994 World Cup and scored twice in the final in 2002 as they beat Germany , has been playing for Corinthians in his native country . The 33-year-old told the club 's official Web site www.corinthians.com that he would see out his two-year contract which ends in 2011 before hanging up his boots . "  I renewed for two more years and those will be the last ones , " he said after morning training on Monday . Ronaldo has enjoyed a glittering international career with Brazil , scoring 62 goals in 97 appearances , setting a new World Cup record with his 15th in the 2006 finals where they were knocked out in the quarterfinals . Despite his advancing years and with a string of injuries behind him , Ronaldo still holds out hopes of taking part in this year 's finals in South Africa but admitted he faces a tough task in persuading Brazil coach Dunga to pick him . "  It 's a thing that can still happen to me , " he believes . But for now he has targeted South America 's Libertadores Cup , having already helped Corinthians to the Paulista Championship in Brazil , scoring 12 goals in 20 appearances to show he still retains his scoring touch . "  I am determined . I want to give my best , have fun and I hope to finish by winning the Libertadores , " he said . When he finally retires , Ronaldo will be remembered as one of the greatest footballers of all time , with a scoring rate of approaching a goal a game while plying his trade with top European club sides PSV Eindhoven , Barcelona , Real Madrid and both Internazionale and AC Milan . He is a three-time FIFA World Footballer of the Year . Ronaldo began his career in Brazil with Cruzeiro and returned to turn out for Corinthians after another serious knee injury while playing for Milan appeared to signal his playing days were over . But he has defied his critics , and after initially training with Flamengo , settled on the Corinthians and is set to act as an ambassador at the Parque San Jorge after he quits .	World Cup record goal scorer Ronaldo is to retire next year Ronaldo has been playing for Corinthians in his native Brazil Ronado still harbors ambitions of playing for his country in 2010 World Cup finals Ronaldo is a three-time FIFA World Player of the Year
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Watching the news out of Mexico is causing a case of déjà vu for Dr. Lo Wing-Luk . The sight of people wearing masks became common in Hong Kong after the SARS outbreak of 2003 . "  Seeing the people in masks today reminds me of Hong Kong during SARS , " said Lo , an epidemiology expert who was among those on the frontline during the outbreak of SARS in Hong Kong in 2003 , which within three months infected 8,000 and killed nearly 800 in Hong Kong , China , Taiwan and Toronto . Historically , Hong Kong has been center stage for recent infections that threatened to spiral across the world , such as SARS and Avian Influenza , which first struck and killed people here in 1997 . Southern China -- with the close proximity of its rural agriculture to population centers and globally connected transportation -- has been an ideal conduit for past animal diseases that spread to humans and then to the rest of the world . But with the outbreak of swine flu in Mexico and the United States , Hong Kong suddenly finds the world looking to it for lessons on how to stop the spread of disease . "  Managing a  potential  pandemic ca n't be from the top down , it must be from the ground up , " said Lo , a former Hong Kong legislator representing the medical community . In the early days of SARS , cooperation was lax between Hong Kong health officials and public officials across the border in mainland China , where the live animal wet markets in Guangdong province is suspected in the virus ' jump to humans . "  One of the most important lesson of SARS was the importance of good communication , " says Dr. KY Yuen , head of the microbiology department of Hong Kong University , which found the first human cases of Avian Influenza in 1997 and first identified SARS in 2003 . "  There were outbreaks in the middle to late November in Guangdong Province , but the first cases were reported in Hong Kong three months later , " he said . "  We could have reduced the impact  of SARS  if there had been better communication " between Hong Kong and mainland China health authorities . The communication channels have improved between China and Hong Kong , health officials said , as well as better surveillance of the disease . Every visitor who comes through Hong Kong International Airport now is scanned by infrared monitors and immediately isolated if suffering from a fever or respiratory illness . "  Quarantine and isolation of people  suspected to be ill  is crucial now , " Yuen said . As the disease spreads , there is a conflict between the need for a quick response and the time required for appropriate scientific study -- which can result in some bad decisions , Yuen said . For example , in the case of SARS health experts wore full-body protection suits because of initial hunches the disease was being spread by airborne causes . More people were exposed to the disease because of the harried medical staff 's improper use of the cumbersome equipment . "  It turned out globes , masks and hand washing were far more effective " than a breathing apparatus , Yuen said . "  Presumptions are dangerous , " he added . If Hong Kong is any example , governments who fail to meet the challenges of an outbreak will face rising public heat . In July 2003 , half a million Hong Kong residents took to the streets to protest the government , in part because of frustrations over the response to the SARS outbreak , says Cecilia Chan , director of the Center of Behavioral Health at Hong Kong University -- adding to the woes of the already beleaguered administration of former Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee Wah , who later stepped down in the middle of his second five-year appointment .	Hong Kong at center of recent infections that threatened to spiral across world First human cases of Avian Influenza reported in 1997 , SARS identified in 2003 Disease expert : Managing a  potential  pandemic ca n't be from the top down Lack of good communication during SARS outbreak was a key failing
Washington  CNN  -- The White House said President Barack Obama supports reinstatement of a federal ban on assault weapons -- a position he took in the 2008 campaign but failed to press during his first term . "  It does remain a commitment of his , " presidential spokesman Jay Carney told reporters as the nation reeled from a mass shooting in Connecticut that mainly killed school children . An emotional Obama did not address that issue directly in a televised statement from the White House on the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown that killed 26 people , but he said something had to be done . "  We 're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this , regardless of the politics , " said Obama , the father of two girls . He wiped away tears when he spoke of the "  beautiful little kids " killed in the massacre . Complete coverage on the Connecticut school shooting Police recovered three weapons from the scene : a semiautomatic .223 - caliber rifle made by Bushmaster , a Glock and a Sig Sauer , both handguns , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . Others also spoke out for a strong federal response . "  We can not simply accept this as a routine product of modern American life . If now is not the time to have a serious discussion about gun control and the epidemic of gun violence plaguing our society , I do n't know when is , " Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D-New York , said in a statement . Witness : At least 100 rounds fired Congress approved a ban on assault weapons in 1994 . The prohibition , which expired in 2004 , did not eliminate them , but restricted their features , limiting magazine capacity to 10 rounds and regulating pistol grips , bayonet attachments and flash suppressors . Gun rights generally divide Americans . A Pew poll conducted after the 2011 assassination attempt on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , which killed six other people , found that 49 % of Americans said it was "  more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns , " while 46 % said it was "  more important to control gun ownership . " But a survey conducted by CNN/ORC International in August shortly after the deadly theater mass shooting earlier this year in Aurora , Colorado , found that 76 % of those surveyed believe "  there should be some restrictions on owning guns . " Tweets from the shooting Obama supported a platform while running for president in 2008 that included reinstating the assault weapons ban , but has largely avoided the issue of gun control during his first term . He wrote an opinion piece two months after the Giffords shooting acknowledging the importance of the Second Amendment right to bear arms and called for a "  focus " on "  effective steps that will actually keep those irresponsible , law-breaking few from getting their hands on a gun in the first place . " Obama said at a presidential debate in October that he wanted a "  broader conversation " in general about reducing gun violence . "  Part of it is seeing if we can get an assault weapons ban reintroduced , " he said . The National Rifle Association , which advocates for gun rights , said in a statement that it would not have any comment on the Connecticut shooting "  until the facts are thoroughly known . " Kristin Goss , an associate professor of public policy and political science at Duke University and author of "  Disarmed : The Missing Movement for Gun Control in America , " said earlier this year that the pro-gun control side of the issue "  has struggled to come up with a compelling narrative " to persuade more people to support stricter gun laws . "  For a long time , these gun violence rates and massacres spoke for themselves . They relied on that to make the case but were up against a very powerful but very well-disciplined and skillful army that was good at taking those arguments apart , " Goss said . Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America CNN 's Jessica Yellin and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Clinton-era assault weapons ban expired in 2004 Obama carefully avoided thorny Second Amendment questions during first term Three guns recovered in Connecticut ; school shooting mostly killed children A tearful Obama urges "  meaningful action " to prevent more tragedies
CNN  We know you 're shivering . For people living in North America , it 's been an especially brutal winter . The first day of spring -- March 20 -- ca n't come too soon . Yet travelers willing to venture south can find sunshine , shorts weather and beaches right now in the parts of the world where summer is just winding down . Here are some of our favorite warm spots around the globe . One of the world 's most livable cities , sunny Brisbane has a beach right on the doorstep of its central business district . Known as South Bank , it 's where people go to eat , drink and play on the south bank of the Brisbane River . Never mind that it does n't feel like summer when you 're hiking on a glacier . It would be much colder in winter ! National Geographic 's 12-day adventure exploring New Zealand 's South Island includes a helicopter ride to see the Franz Josef Glacier from the air . Then you 'll be dropped off for a 2-mile hike . You 'll also have a black-water cave rafting adventure in Paparoa National Park and a hike into Abel Tasman National Park . Built among shanties on a mountainside in 2007 , Medellin 's Espana Library and the surrounding area are connected to the city by an amazing MetroCable system . It 's just one of the developments that led the Washington-based Urban Land Institute to name this amazing city the 2012 "  Innovative City of the Year . " Try a cafe tinto in the morning and an aguardiente when you want a harder drink . While it can be hot in South Africa during the summer , it 's still a wonderful time to explore the country 's natural wonders . Book a tour to pack as much into your trip as possible . REI Adventures offers an 11-day trip that includes hiking Cape Town 's Table Mountain , kayaking to an African penguin colony , a three-day safari at Sabi Sand Reserve and tasting local wines in the Cape Winelands area . Stop to get a picture of yourself near the enormous ships passing through the Panama Canal , an amazing feat of construction . Then head to the mountain town of Boquete , at the foothills of the Baru Volcano in the Chiriqui Highlands , to drink coffee where some of the finest beans in the world are grown . Prefer chocolate ? La Loma is a working chocolate farm , located off the grid and on the remote Bastimentos Island in Bocas del Toro . It may be the most delicious place to stay in the country .	It 's summer in some of our favorite parts of the globe Australia , Africa and parts of Latin America are actually warm
Real Simple  -- Consult this handy calendar of what gifts to purchase , when -- courtesy of consumer-retail experts . October 28 to November 9 On and around the weekends before and after Halloween , some merchants tout "  early Black Friday " sales with select "  door busters "  like off-brand electronics marked down by about 30 percent  aimed at early-bird shoppers . Do n't get too excited . Often these items are the sites ' standard weekly specials , rebranded to fit the holiday-shopping season , says Brad Wilson , the founder of the deal site BradsDeals.com . Real Simple : 34 stocking stuffers under $ 30 Make the purchase only if the item meets two criteria : It 's discounted by at least 20 percent , and you were planning to buy it anyway . Both weekends , you can find information about these sales by scanning ads in the Sunday newspapers or by checking your favorite retailers ' websites . But wait until the following Monday to make purchases online . By then competitors may have matched prices or even started a price war . Real Simple : One-day holiday and Christmas shopping plan November 25 to 27 Black Friday is traditionally the biggest shopping day of the season for brick-and-mortar stores -- less so for online purveyors . But massive general-interest sites , such as Amazon.com , host special Black Friday events throughout the weekend , along with "  lightning deals , " price reductions that are offered for a short time period  last year a $ 230 video camera was marked down to $ 110  . Be vigilant about sussing out these sales  which typically appear on the home page  : Discounted items are often available for only a few hours or until they 're sold out . Real Simple : Inexpensive ideas for holiday party food November 28 Cyber Monday is hyped for good reason : This is the day to go online to score any type of product from the brands you like . Most merchants -- from low-end to upscale -- want in on this action , and the deals tend to be broad , as opposed to discounts on specific items . You could find sitewide specials of 30 or even 40 percent off , says Dan de Grandpre , the CEO of the deal-roundup site DealNews.com . Real Simple : Best days for holiday and christmas online shopping Last year , for example , BananaRepublic.com offered 15 percent off all purchases , and UrbanOutfitters.com knocked 40 percent off men 's and women 's outerwear . Old Navy , Kate Spade New York , Nordstrom , Lord & Taylor , and Barneys New York also hosted sales . Real Simple : How to make the holidays more affordable December 21 to 24 Now is the time to scoop up big-ticket items , like televisions , furniture , and fine jewelry . As Christmas nears , merchants often discount premium items that have n't moved . Prices continue to drop as the holiday gets closer , but so will the selection . And remember : Even if you land an amazing deal , you might have to pay for overnight or two-day shipping , which could wipe out some of your savings . If you prefer brick-and-mortar stores , be sure to check out these Christmas shopping tips before hitting the mall . Real Simple : 7 money-saving , stress-less holiday shopping tips Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Early Black Friday " can offer shoppers great sales as early as Halloween Black Friday is a traditional in-store shopping day , but try online , too Wait till the last minute to buy really big-ticket items
Beijing , China  CNN  -- President Obama intends to meet the Dalai Lama even though China has warned that such a meeting would harm bilateral ties , a White House spokesman said Tuesday . "  The president told China 's leaders during his trip last year that he would meet with the Dalai Lama , and he intends to do so , " Bill Burton told reporters covering Obama 's planned town hall meeting in New Hampshire later Tuesday . No date for Obama 's meeting with the Tibetan spiritual leader has been announced . The Dalai Lama has speaking engagements scheduled in the United States in late February and in May . Earlier Tuesday , China warned that ties between two of the world 's superpowers would be strained if Obama met with the Dalai Lama . "  It will seriously undermine the foundation of Sino-U.S. political relations , " said Zhu Weiqun , a Communist Party official who is in charge of talks with representatives of the Dalai Lama . "  We will take corresponding action to make relevant countries see their mistakes . " Zhu issued his warning during a news conference to discuss the lack of progress made during five days of talks between China and the Dalai Lama 's representatives . Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of advocating for Tibetan independence from China . "  The two sides had sharply divided views , " Zhu said . "  We have been accustomed to such clash of viewpoints . It 's been the norm rather than the exception . " In explaining Obama 's intention to hold the meeting , Burton said the Dalai Lama "  is an internationally respected religious and cultural leader , and the president will meet with him in that capacity . "  As the president has expressed , we expect that our relationship with China is mature enough where we can work out issues of mutual concerns -- such as climate , the global economy and nonproliferation -- and discuss frankly and candidly those issues where we disagree , " Burton said . "  The president is committed to building a positive , comprehensive and cooperative relationship with China . " Tibet is technically autonomous from the central Chinese government , but the Dalai Lama and others have said they favor genuine autonomy and resent the slow erosion of their culture amid an influx of Han Chinese , the most numerous ethnic group in China . Zhu said there would be no compromise on China 's control of Tibet . Representatives from the two sides have met eight other times , but have reached no consensus on the issue of autonomy . The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule . He lives in exile in the north Indian hill town of Dharamsala . Burton said the United States "  considers Tibet to be a part of China , and we have human rights concerns about the treatment of Tibetans . " "  We urge the government of China to protect the unique cultural and religious traditions of Tibet , " he said . CNN 's Jaime Florcruz and Helena Hong contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama to meet Dalai Lama in his capacity as a "  respected religious and cultural leader " China warns a meeting between the two would "  seriously undermine Sino-U.S. ties " Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of advocating for Tibetan independence The Tibetan spiritual leader fled China in 1959 , now lives in India
January 27 , 2015 On the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz , CNN Student News takes you inside the concentration camp and brings you the words of some of its survivors . Also featured this Tuesday : a potentially historic winter storm in the U.S. Northeast . And newly unclassified documents detail thousands of UFO sightings , though most of them can be explained . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- The words "  Whitney Houston died " appeared on my BlackBerry screen . Like many of us living in the digital age , I learned that the pop diva passed away by way of text message . Sent by my 25-year-old daughter , the announcement shocked me but soon triggered fond memories of the days when she and her younger sister would belt out Houston 's latest hit along with the radio . Their voices were unleashed in that gleeful , full-throated and uninhibited way that only pre-teen girls seemed to do .  Imagine "  and I-eee-I-eee-I will always love you " at earsplitting , hilarious volume  . A few of the high notes were clearly out of my girls ' easy reach in their spontaneous renditions . But they reveled in emulating Houston nonetheless . I 've heard plenty about Houston 's troubles during the course of the week . Despite her battles with drugs and alcohol , many people have good memories of her and her songs . So what made "  The Voice " so glorious in the transcendent musicianship that Houston displayed in her recordings and concerts ? Houston possessed the perfect vibrato . This effect was facilitated by her deceivingly effortless diaphragmic support . Houston belted out chorus after chorus on hit after hit , demonstrating white-knuckled control over this parameter of her "  singer 's toolbox " with an aplomb that seemed unfair to lesser vocalists . And the sheer stamina it took to achieve this elusive aspect of a singer 's art separates the wannabes from the real McCoy . Never noticed that , right ? That 's because she was so good at it . Houston was famous for having a very wide range . Some of her songs spanned quite a bit of vocal territory , from alto to the highest soprano . What was remarkable is that she hardly ever "  bailed out " by flipping into a falsetto voice -- you know , that head-buzzing sound that men emit when they 're doing bad imitations of female opera singers . Houston seemingly had no natural break between the high and low registers of her instrument . This unique quality was highlighted because when she did flip into the "  head voice , " it was employed as a subtle garnish , a precious design element in a phrase . Her impeccable intonation -- just one of the reasons her "  Star-Spangled Banner " has become iconic -- instilled a "  trust " in her listeners . When every note is perfectly in tune , as they were in a classic Houston performance , we relaxed and gave in to the sheer beauty of music . Beyond the gift of her instrument , Houston 's musicianship comprised an uncanny way of handling the material she was given with such expertise and attention to detail that the songs became hers and hers alone . Her sense of musical balance allowed her "  crowd " the cadences of a song 's key passages with "  just enough " sonic information before landing coyly in the next structural part of the song . Although her work grew more melismatic as her career progressed , she never overused this technique like some of her myriad imitators . She mostly executed them in clever twists at the ends of phrases or tossed them off with stunning ease between plainly rendered melodic statements . This allowed many of us to sing along with her at full voice , by ourselves , in the car .  Surely , we 've all done this  . And she made us feel it . Through musical economy and powerful execution , Houston could shape the emotional contour of a song whether in long concert-versions or on a four-minute record . Her exquisite beauty together with that "  come hither/don ' t take another step closer or I 'll call my cousin " camera presence intrigued us . What charisma she had . Certainly , this infectious package of beauty and talent was at least one of the reasons my youngest daughter , now a budding operatic coloratura soprano , is pursuing a life of long , beautiful gowns and very , very high notes . Miss Whitney 's ubiquity in the media made that seem like a reasonable dream for many of the young women she mesmerized . Houston became a pop star the old fashioned way -- not through a virile YouTube video or as a contestant on "  American Idol . " She was discovered , given a record deal , provided material and the rest was lots of hard and endless work . Now that she 's gone , we can do nothing but remember : Remember how she and "  the voice " seemed like two separate entities . Remember how she performed that voice ; how she allowed us to witness it , how she obviously enjoyed it herself . In the end , the voice just could n't keep up with the extravagances and toils of her life in the spotlight . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Guthrie P. Ramsey , Jr. .	Guthrie Ramsey : Whitney Houston 's voice was glorious in its transcendent musicianship Houston had a very wide range , from alto to the highest soprano , Ramsey observes Ramsey says her impeccable intonation instilled a "  trust " in her listeners Houston 's talent and charisma could n't outpace the toils of her life , Ramsey says
London  CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton has signed a three-year contract to race for the Mercedes Formula 1 team beginning next season . Friday 's announcement by the team ends weeks of speculation about the Briton 's future with McLaren -- a team he joined when he was 13 years old . "  Looking ahead to 2013 , I am delighted to welcome Lewis Hamilton to our team , " Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn said in a statement . "  The arrival of a driver of Lewis ' caliber is a testament to the standing of Mercedes-Benz in Formula 1 and I am proud that Lewis shares our vision and ambition for the success of the Silver Arrows , " Brawn added . Hamilton , who won his only world championship title with McLaren in 2008 said he was looking forward to the challenge . "  I am very excited to begin a new chapter racing for the -LSB- Mercedes -RSB- team . Mercedes-Benz has such an incredible heritage in motorsport , along with a passion for winning which I share , " Hamilton said in a statement . Hamilton will partner Nico Rosberg in 2013 with Michael Schumacher making way . Brawn thanked the seven-time world champion , who came out of retirement to join Mercedes in 2010 , for his contribution during his three seasons at Mercedes . Hamilton focuses on championship chase as Mercedes rumors persist "  His energy and commitment have never wavered , even when results have not matched our own expectations , and we are determined to finish the 2012 season together on a high . As always , it has been a pleasure to work with Michael , " Brawn said in a statement . In a statement , Schumacher said he had enjoyed his three years at Mercedes even if they did n't do as successfully as he would have liked on the track . "  I wish Lewis well and for the team to achieve the success we worked so hard for in the build-up . I would like to thank the team for their trust and all the guys for their unconditional commitment . I will now concentrate on the next races , " the 43-year-old said . Hamilton 's replacement at McLaren will be Sergio Perez . The 22-year-old Mexican who currently races for the Sauber team will partner Jenson Button from 2013 . "  I 'm thrilled and delighted to have become a -LSB- McLaren -RSB- driver . The McLaren name is one of the greatest in the history of Formula 1 , " Perez said in a statement . "  For more than 40 years McLaren has been a team that every racing driver has aspired to drive for ... and I 'm truly honoured that they 've chosen me to partner Jenson from 2013 onwards , " Perez added . McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh praised Perez 's "  giant-killing performances " and "  podium finishes " this season . "  He 's perfectly poised to develop into a world championship challenger , " Whitmarsh said in a statement . Whitmarsh also passed on his thanks to the departing Hamilton , whose performances wrote "  a huge chapter " in his and the team 's life . "  It goes without saying that we all wish him well for the future ... " Whitmarsh said . Meanwhile , the race schedule for 2013 has been released with doubts still surrounding the New Jersey event . The Grand Prix is scheduled for June 16 but has yet to be finalized with concerns surrounding whether the track will be completed in time . The season will start with the Australian Grand Prix on March 17 with the showpiece Monaco event taking place on May 26 . Silverstone will host the British Grand Prix on June 30 -- a week earlier than last year as not to clash with the Wimbledon men 's final .	Speculation about Briton 's future at McLaren ends with three-year deal with Mercedes Hamilton will partner Germany 's Nico Rosberg with Michael Schumacher making way 27-year-old , who won world championship in 2008 , has been at McLaren since he was 13 McLaren name 22-year-old Sauber driver Sergio Perez as replacement for Hamilton
Alamo Heights , Texas  CNN  -- A campus police officer who fatally shot a Catholic-college honor student following a traffic stop told the student to stop resisting arrest 56 times before shooting him five times , police said . Cpl. Christopher Carter , who is on administrative leave after the shooting , is "  very remorseful , " police say , but he shot 23-year-old Robert Cameron Redus only after Redus took his police baton and hit him with it . Carter was able to get his baton back , but Redus then charged him , prompting the University of the Incarnate Word officer to shoot six times , hitting Redus five . Redus was pronounced dead at the scene , Alamo Heights police Chief Richard Pruitt said Monday . There is no dashboard video of the shooting available , but a microphone recorded sound from the altercation Friday . It started with a traffic stop . Redus had been drinking , according to a witness , and drove past Carter , who was patrolling in a campus police pickup truck , Pruitt said . The student sped into a construction zone in "  bad weather conditions , " he said . Carter followed him . Redus struck a curb on the right , Carter reported , then swerved left into the opposite lane of traffic , so the officer switched on his emergency lights and pulled him over , Pruitt said . Redus pulled into the apartment complex where he lived , and Carter followed , but he made a fateful slip . He reported the wrong street location to police dispatchers , which caused his call to be routed to a police department farther away . Alamo Heights police could have made it there to assist him sooner , but his call went to their San Antonio counterparts . This caused a delay of several minutes in response time . He was left alone with Redus , and things went wrong . Had Pruitt 's officers , who were closer , been called to respond , Redus might still be alive , the chief said . The scuffle By the time Carter got out of his patrol truck , Redus was already walking away from his vehicle , Pruitt said . Carter later told police that Redus was drunk , and one of the student 's friends later confirmed she had been barhopping with him . Carter ordered Redus to put his hands on his vehicle , and he obeyed , but when the officer pulled out his handcuffs , the student refused to cooperate , Pruitt said . The two scuffled for more than six minutes . The dashboard camera 's mount was not working . It had been glued in place two days before the incident , but the adhesive did n't hold , the school said . The camera was pointing in the wrong direction , but its microphone recorded the altercation . "  Officer Carter instructed Robert Redus 14 times to place his hands behind his back , and informed him three times that he was under arrest , and to stop resisting 56 times , " Pruitt said , referring to the recording . "  During the struggle , the officer attempted to subdue the suspect with his baton . ... The baton was taken by the suspect who used it to hit the officer , " the university said in a statement . Pruitt said the officer had injuries on his arm and head . Carter was able to wrestle the baton away from Redus , but then the student charged at the officer with his arm raised ; Carter warned him four times that he would shoot if Redus did not stop , Pruitt said . Carter opened fire . Witnesses One of Redus ' neighbors reportedly heard an argument and the shots . Mohammad Haidarasl , 22 , told the San Antonio Express-News that Redus was his upstairs neighbor and that he was on his apartment sofa at 2 a.m. when he heard noise outside and a voice he believes was the officer 's , saying , "  Stop resisting , stop resisting . " The newspaper quoted Haidarasl as saying he thought he heard a struggle , and "  Then the cop said , ` I 'm going to shoot . ' " A male voice replied , " ` Oh , you 're gon na shoot me ? ' like sarcastic almost , " Haidarasl said . Less than a minute later , Haidarasl said , he heard shots . Pruitt said there were other witnesses who heard and saw parts of the struggle . One of them called police . Friends at the school say the Cameron Redus they knew was n't the type to attack police . They knew a student who made the dean 's list at college and had been co-valedictorian at a Christian high school back home in Baytown , Texas , east of Houston . They knew a fun-loving campus television news anchor who was "  the sweetest , kindest , gentlest person , " Annie Jones told CNN affiliate WOAI-TV . "  That is nothing like him at all , " Redus ' friend Jonathan Guajardo said . "  He is one of the nicest , most caring , compassionate guys ever . Not a mean bone in his body . " Carter , who has "  an extensive law enforcement background , " has been placed on administrative leave -- standard procedure in these types of incidents , a university statement said , adding that all campus officers "  are licensed and trained as certified peace officers by the state of Texas . " Guajardo believes deadly force was unnecessary and grilled Pruitt on the topic at a news conference . He questioned whether Redus was a real threat to Carter , who Pruitt conceded was much taller and heavier . "  The officer is very , very remorseful over this , " Pruitt said . "  This is not an easy thing for him , I can assure you . " Family devastated Redus ' family released a statement to CNN affiliate KENS-TV saying , "  We are understandably devastated by the death of our dear son Cameron and we ask for your prayers as we deal with our tragic loss . We trust that God is faithful and will see us through this most difficult time . " Friends have set up a Facebook page , Cardinals for Cameron  the UIW mascot is a Cardinal  , and a memorial fund to assist the family . University President Lou Agnese said in a statement released to WOAI , "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the student and officer involved in this incident . " This was the first shooting in university history , it said . Hundreds of people , including relatives of Redus , gathered at the university 's convocation center Saturday for a vigil . Students brought a slide show of Redus in happy poses and many wore green ribbons , Redus ' favorite color . Shooting leaves 2 high-schoolers dead at house party near Houston Video captures beating of college student in Atlantic City ; student sues cops Joshua Rubin reported from Alamo Heights , Texas . Ben Brumfield and David Simpson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and George Howell contributed to this report .	Student hit police officer with officer 's own baton , university and police say University of the Incarnate Word says Cpl. Christopher Carter is now on administrative leave Police say campus officer said Robert Cameron Redus struggled with him Friends : Redus was on college dean 's list , was co-valedictorian at his high school
CNN  -- Tyson Gay tuned up for his Olympic showdown with Jamaican stars Usain Bolt and Yohan Blake with victory over 100m in the Diamond League meeting in London Friday . In three weeks time just across the British capital , the American will be hoping to cross the line first again in the 100m final , but will be hoping to avoid the damp and cold conditions that all the sprinters faced at Crystal Palace . The 29-year-old American came surging through to win in 10.03 seconds into a headwind , with Ryan Bailey second and Nesta Carter in third . Carter 's Jamaican teammate Asafa Powell pulled out before the start of the meeting to rest an injury . "  I feel pretty good with the win . The weather was n't that bad , it 's very important to acclimatise and the weather helps me prepare mentally for the Games , " said Gay . "  I 'm in pretty good shape -- I want that Olympic gold , " he added . Going to the Games , or watching at home ? Send us your pictures and videos Gay is the second fastest man in history behind Bolt , who suffered a surprise double defeat of 100 and 200m in the recent Jamaican trials . In other action , home hope Mo Farah stormed to victory in the men 's 5000m with a blistering final two laps to win in 13 minutes 6.04 seconds . The 29-year-old is the reigning world champion over that distance but hoping to double up in the 10,000 m at the London Games . He finished clear of Australia 's Collis Birmingham and Moses Kipsiro of Uganda . The men 's 110m hurdles was won by American Aries Merritt with a superb season 's fastest time of 12.93 seconds in the testing conditions . Merritt , the winner of the U.S. Olympic trials was set for a showdown with Liu Xiang , who had won his qualifer in impressive style , but the Chinese star pulled out of the final with a bad back . Puerto Rican Javier Culson beat British world champion Dai Greene in the 400m hurdles , but in the women 's equivalent there was home success as Perri Shakes-Drayton stormed to victory in 53.77 seconds , a personal best . Kenyan star Vivian Cheruiyot underlined her gold medal credentials with a fine win over 5,000 m in 14 minutes 48.86 seconds .	Tyson Gay wins 100m at the London Diamond League meeting Home hero Mo Farah sprints away to win the men 's 5000m Aries Merritt takes 110 m hurdles in impressive 12.93 seconds Liu Xiang of China pulls out before the final with back injury
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Convicted "  Unabomber " Ted Kaczynski , who terrorized the country with a series of mail bombs over nearly two decades , is fighting to stop a public auction of his diaries and other personal possessions . Ted Kaczynski is fighting auction of possessions like this jacket and sunglasses made famous by a police sketch . But Kaczynski 's five-year legal battle will come to an end soon unless he can convince the U.S. Supreme Court to review the case . "  I regard him as the essence of evil . He 's evil and amoral . He has no compassion , " said Dr. Charles Epstein , who was seriously injured in 1993 when a bomb went off in a piece of mail he opened at his home . The blast destroyed both of Epstein 's eardrums , and he lost parts of three of his fingers . Epstein , 75 , is a world-renowned geneticist and retired professor at the University of California at San Francisco . He is one of four victims who are owed $ 15 million in court-ordered restitution from Kaczynski , and he told CNN the auction was important to victims . Watch why the auction is causing controversy " "  Who would think that we would still be sitting , this many years later , still having dealings ... with the man who tried to kill us ? " Epstein said . Kaczynski was arrested in 1996 , pleaded guilty in 1998 and is currently serving a life term in the federal "  Supermax " prison in Florence , Colorado . CNN was given exclusive access to videotape the items that will be up for auction , which were seized from the Montana cabin in which Kaczynski lived for years and held in evidence by the FBI in San Francisco and Washington . See who else calls "  Supermax " home " The property includes tools , typewriters , knives and a hatchet ; Kaczynski 's degrees from Harvard and the University of Michigan ; and the glasses and hooded jacket made famous by an artist 's rendering of the suspect . But experts say the most valuable items probably will be the 40,000 pages of Kaczynski 's diaries and other writings . "  Personally , I do n't think he has any rights to anything , " Epstein said . "  I think he abrogated all of his rights by his behavior . " The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of the victims earlier this year , and now Kaczynski has until June 15 to file a notice of appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court . Steve Hirsch , a California attorney who represents the four victims , said he doubts the Supreme Court would consider an appeal , and thinks the auction could happen later this year . A private company will handle the auction , but no company has yet been selected . "  The victims were placed in this terrible position of either accepting this idea of an auction with all of its problems or letting Kaczynski have all of his things back , which would have been another wound for them , " Hirsch told CNN . In handwritten legal documents , in which Kaczynski refers to himself as "  K , " he claims , "  The District Court 's orders violate K 's First Amendment rights . " "  The case involves the question of whether the government , consistent with the First Amendment , can confiscate an individual 's personal papers and sell them at public auction to enforce payment of a debt , " Kaczynski wrote in one of his numerous legal arguments . Lawrence Brown , acting U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of California , said his office has no choice but to support the auction . "  This is a directive from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , " he said . "  We were put in a situation where it was sort of an either-or . Either we returned all of the property back to Kaczynski , or we sought to maximize its value by holding an auction to put it back towards the $ 15 million that 's owed in restitution . " Kaczynski , now 67 , killed three people and wounded 23 others in a string of attacks from 1978 to 1995 . The remainder of the victims have declined to seek restitution . Federal agents gave the case the code name "  Unabom " because universities and airlines were the early targets . Kaczynski quit a tenure-track position at the University of California-Berkeley in 1969 to build a 13-by-13 foot shack near Lincoln , Montana , where he lived without running water or electricity until his 1996 arrest . Agents closed in after his brother noted similarities between his old letters and journals and the bomber 's 35,000-word anti-technology manifesto . The New York Times and the Washington Post agreed to publish the document under a promise that the bombings would stop . "  If some funds are raised by this auction , to help out some of the victims , well , then that does help promote some level of justice , " Brown said . "  But you just can not right the tremendous wrong that Kaczynski committed . "	"  Unabomber " Ted Kaczynski fighting to stop auction of his personal possessions Kaczynski terrorized the country with mail bombs over nearly two decades Four victims are owed $ 15 million in court-ordered restitution from Kaczynski Property includes 40,000 pages of Kaczynski 's diaries and other writings
CNN  -- A ticker tape parade awaits the New York Giants this week when the team returns home as Super Bowl champions after defeating the New England Patriots 21-17 on a last-minute touchdown . The Super Bowl victory Sunday night was the fourth for the Giants ; the team defeated the Patriots 17-14 in the 2008 title game . New England fans who had hoped their team would avenge the 2008 loss were left crestfallen . But for Giants supporters , the celebration was just beginning . Early Monday , the Empire State Building was bathed in Giants blue . Later in the day , New York City will conduct a public giveaway for 250 winners for a post-parade ceremony on Tuesday at City Hall Plaza where the team will be given keys to the city . "  After nearly missing the playoffs , the Giants have made history by becoming the first NFL team to win the Super Bowl after going 9-7 in the regular season , " New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said after the Sunday night win . "  I look forward to celebrating this victory with all New Yorkers . " Clutching the championship trophy , Giants quarterback Eli Manning , the MVP award winner , said "  I just stayed positive " during the seesaw struggle . Assisted by crucial late receptions by Mario Manningham , Manning marched the Giants down the field in the closing minutes of the game . The go-ahead touchdown was scored by running back Ahmad Bradshaw from 6 yards out with 52 seconds remaining . But the Patriots and Tom Brady , who was vying for his fourth championship ring , were n't quite done . They moved the ball , but had only enough time for a "  Hail Mary " pass that bounced away from receivers in the end zone . After trailing the Patriots 17-9 early in the third quarter , the Giants put up the last 12 points of the game to win 21-17 . In the final three minutes of the game , Twitter saw an average of 10,000 tweets per second , the company said . An estimated 111 million U.S. TV viewers were expected to tune in to the game . Exact figures were not available early Monday morning . As in years past , many watched as much for the ads and the halftime show as for the game itself . Halftime entertainer Madonna provided an eclectic set , morphing from a Roman Empire theme to a high school cheerleader , complete with pom poms and a marching band . She led a collection of performers through a medley that included "  Vogue , " "  Music , " "  Like a Prayer " and "  Give Me All Your Luvin . ' " But it was a guest performance by artist M.I.A. that generated most of the show 's buzz . She gave network cameras a middle finger salute , while rapping "  I do n't give a sh*t . " The apologies from the NFL and the broadcaster , NBC , came quickly -- they blamed each other . "  There was a failure in NBC 's delay system , " said Brian McCarty , the league 's vice president of communications . "  The obscene gesture in the performance was completely inappropriate , very disappointing , and we apologize to our fans . " "  The NFL hired the talent and produced the halftime show , " NBC said . "  Our system was late to obscure the inappropriate gesture and we apologize to our viewers . " The episode was reminiscent of the 2004 Super Bowl when singer Janet Jackson 's nipple was briefly exposed during a performance with singer Justin Timberlake . The American president who saved football A bevy of celebrities , including Jerry Seinfeld , Clint Eastwood and Elton John , showed up in commercials during this year 's broadcast . David Beckham provided eye candy in an H&M underwear ad , which tended to spend more time on his chiseled and tattooed looks than the briefs he was wearing . Another commercial featured a slimmed-down dog chasing after a Volkswagen Beetle . The ads went for a record $ 3.5 million per 30-second spot . Pop singer Kelly Clarkson started off the festivities with a rendition of "  The Star-Spangled Banner , " managing to get through the lyrics without a hitch , unlike Christina Aguilera , who caught flak after botching the words at last year 's game . What does Indianapolis have to offer ? The city itself strove to prove it could be a major player . It kept one key goal in mind . "  I honestly think the best report would be people saying , ` The game was great and -- oh yeah , by the way , Indianapolis was really nice . I had a really good time , ' " said Tom Griswold , longtime co-host of the Indy-based syndicated radio program "  The Bob & Tom Show . " CNN 's Thom Patterson and Dan Moriarty and HLN 's Jonathan Anker contributed to this report .	The Empire State Building is bathed in Giants blue Rapper M.I.A. flips her middle finger in a hafltime show guest appearance Quarterback Eli Manning is named game MVP in the 21-17 thriller
CNN  The United Kingdom may seem an unlikely candidate to lead a renewable energy revolution ; it does n't have much sun for solar power , it does n't have much space for wind power and it does n't have giant coursing rivers for hydro . It does , however , have thousands of miles of coastline and a lowering and restless sea whose tides ebb and flow with tremendous force . Energy companies in Scotland and Wales are seeing the potential from underwater turbines which tap a constant and predictable source of energy , are invisible and can produce as much electricity as a conventional wind turbine . If a test project in the fast flowing marine waters of Pentland Firth in the far north of Scotland goes well , submerged turbines could eventually power as many as 400,000 Scottish homes , according to the Scottish-government backed scheme . Predictable flow "  The demonstration array at the moment is 6MW or four turbines . Hopefully this will be the catalyst for further investment , " MeyGen CEO Dan Pearson told CNN . "  We are looking to complete construction of that in 2016 . " Sea water is 832 times denser than air , which means the turbines can be smaller while producing a similar amount of energy to a wind turbine . The force of these tides also means the turbines can be placed closer together , taking up less space on the sea bed than an equivalent wind farm on land . Apart from being invisible -- obviating a factor that has stalled many wind farm projects on land -- the marine turbines have the great advantage of tapping an energy source that does not rely on the weather . Other renewables such as wind , wave , solar and even hydroelectricity depend in large part on seasonal and climatic features , tidal turbines , meanwhile , get two regular tide changes a day . "  We can forecast over the next 100 years pretty accurately -- we know when the power 's coming , " he said . Scrap metal as an anchor The plan is for the stands for the turbines to be lined up 525 feet  160m  apart and weighted to the sea bed with scrap metal . With a depth of 130ft  40m  , Pearson says that vessels would have a clearance of about 8m , plenty , he says , for the small craft that ply the four mile region . "  These are really cut down versions of wind turbines , such that most of the electrical equipment is onshore so that if something goes wrong , we can get a Land Rover and drive to the substation rather than having to get a boat and pick them up . "  That 's one of the core advantages of this technology . " Other issues such as maintenance and corrosion have been solved , in large part , by using the advances in other technologies . "  It makes use of a large knowledge base , for example the seals and solutions have been solved by propeller technologies on ships , problems of corrosion are well known from subsea structures like bridges or oil rigs . "  What you 're seeing is nothing brand new , it 's just a lot of components coming together and I think that 's the beauty of it . " Safe for sea life ? Concerns over the impact on marine life were also raised during the planning process , but Pearson said the simple fact is the turbines move so slowly -- at between 12-18 RPM -- that experts believe most sea life would be able to either ignore or get out of the way of the blades with ease . "  We 've been working closely with institutions such as Scottish Natural Heritage and the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds because we have diving birds in the area , " Pearson said . "  We have seals , we have whales , we have dolphins -- it 's beautiful up there . " He said undersea monitors have been logging the wildlife in the region over the past five years and that various groups now have a clear baseline of which animals populate it . "  There has been a lot of work done in other parts of the world on how seals and whales interact with these turbines and they do actually get a bit curious . "  But these rotations of the blades are quite slow in comparison with wind turbines and the theory is that they can just get out of the way . He said research had shown that most marine life avoids tidal surges when they are in full flow . "  I can imagine seals dancing around them , but the only time they 'll be playing around them is when the flow is benign -- and that only lasts for about an hour and a half and at that time the blades are n't rotating . "  We do n't want to be blasé about it , but at the same time we have a high degree of confidence . " The immediate future of the energy source , he said , was looking good , with leases around Scotland showing the potential to produce 1.2 GW -- more than twice the energy produced by an average-sized nuclear power plant . "  The UK has a good chance to develop and manufacture these turbines for world consumption in a beautiful part of the world which currently has a low GDP , " he said . Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : The first ever 3D-printer President The hottest apps in tech right now What can you buy off the Darknet ?	Energy companies in the UK see potential from underwater turbines that produce electricity The energy is consistent and predictable ; companies can model output 100 years in the future Meygen has placed four turbines in the north of Scotland to tap the tidal power of Pentland Firth The energy source has the potential to produce 1.2 GW , the equivalent of two nuclear power plants
CNN  -- President Obama was crying . Not choked up , not somewhat emotional . He was crying . It was a startling sight -- after years of watching the man known for his coolness under pressure , for his analytic detachment -- to see him suddenly wearing his heart on his rolled up sleeve . What happened ? What made the president â $ " "  No Drama Obama , " "  President Spock " -- suddenly crack ? It happened Wednesday , the day after he won re-election , when he stood before the staff at his Chicago campaign headquarters to thank them for the work that helped make his victory possible . "  What you guys have done , " he said , "  means that the work that I 'm doing is important . " His right index finger quickly wiped away tears as they streamed down his cheek . Perhaps Obama felt emotionally overpowered by what awaits him even before he finishes his first term . The country is careering toward the "  fiscal cliff , " which really is the wrong term . It 's more a fiscal suicide  fiscacide ?  if the government irresponsibly pushes the country into a self-inflicted recession , complete with a renewed rise in unemployment . Without an agreement with Republicans , Americans , including Obama supporters weeping with him in that room , will face higher taxes and across-the-board spending cuts . Martin : Why voter suppression fueled black turnout There 's more to get choked up about on the fiscal front . Even with an agreement , Obama will preside over higher taxes and spending cuts in months and years to come . Maybe thoughts about the economy brought to mind the crisis in Europe , America 's economic , political and diplomatic soul mate , where a fiscal crisis will not relent ; where protesters continue taking to the streets in Greece , Spain and elsewhere , and where European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi just said there are few signs of recovery and there is not much more the bank can do to help Greece . A European unraveling would be terrible news for America . But that 's probably not what made him cry . Maybe he was thinking about other matter beyond U.S. shores , considering what awaits the people of Afghanistan , particularly the women there , when U.S. forces leave . Maybe he was thinking about what to do in Syria , where the killing continues unabated and refugees are fleeing by the thousands . Or was he thinking about the intensifying confrontation with Iran ? Just last week , Iranian fighter jets fired on an unarmed U.S drone flying over the Persian Gulf . On Monday , the head of the U.N. 's nuclear agency said Iran is not cooperating with an investigation on possible nuclear weapons work , after the agency reported "  credible evidence " of Iran 's efforts to build a "  nuclear explosive device . " LZ : Obama 's critics , repudiated at last Maybe Obama was crying tears of joy . Maybe he was crying because of what winning re-election means . Maybe he was savoring the realization that election to a second term means the American people , however divided their vote , have given a seal of approval to his presidency ; that if he had lost this election , he might have gone down in history as a failed president , rejected by voters after they gave him that first chance to prove himself . Perhaps it was the knowledge that he will have another four years to pursue his agenda ; or his new hope that this time around , there 's a chance , however faint , that Republicans and Democrats will find a way to work together . That would bring the entire country to tears . Opinion : My generation showed up Or maybe Obama worried about the perils of a second term , when other presidents have found the political landscape littered with scandals , often caused by overconfidence among their own staff , by entrenched officials spending too much time at their jobs , growing arrogant after getting used to power . It 's more likely , however , that he was moved precisely by what he was saying , by the thought that he was inspiring a new generation , that all the hard work was not in vain . That watching his eager , overjoyed supporters , he felt , as he told them , "  that the work that I had done in running for office had come full circle , " and the weight of history , the knowledge that his impact will transcend him , gradually made its way from his mind to his heart . But no , I believe it was something else . I think Obama cried because he was exhausted , physically and emotionally , and that exhaustion broke through the emotional barriers he has built since he was a child . He gave us the clues to the origins of his coolness in the pages of his memoir "  Dreams from My Father . " "  People were satisfied so long as you were courteous and smiled and made no sudden moves , " he wrote . "  They were more than satisfied ; they were relieved -- such a pleasant surprise to find a well-mannered young black man who did n't seem angry all the time . " Obama learned to keep calm ; to conceal his emotions . But four years in the White House , months of presidential campaigning , the final stretch of competing in an election whose outcome was in doubt until the very end , it takes its toll . It caused a small shift in that thick earthen dam , a tiny leak . And that 's where the emotions trickled out . That 's where the sense of gratitude , the sense of history , the stress over what he has faced over half a decade -- as president and as a candidate the first time around -- finally broke through . And what we saw , after all that , was a brief , if startling display of presidential emotion . It was a rare display , but now Obama may not find it possible to completely rebuild that fractured dam . I expect the next four years we will see a more emotive president . Now the secret of Obama 's emotions may not remain hidden in the safety of the East Wing , where only his family can see it . Obama 's re-election allows him to show his human side with less trepidation . Decades of self-control wo n't fade away . But the president has shown himself and the majority of voters said they liked what they saw . Obama II will remain cool , but he will allow himself to become less emotionally detached . After all , even Mr. Spock cried sometimes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : It was startling to see Obama get emotional in talk to campaign workers She says there are many woes he faces : looming "  fiscal cliff , " Iran , Syria , the Europe crisis She says maybe tears of joy ? But no , it 's likely exhaustion finally broke through his facade Ghitis : Brutal re-election battle ended in victory ; it should let him ease that self-control
CNN  -- Monte Carlo is a millionaire 's playground which has blended wealth and sophistication with the fast-paced thrills of motorsport since the early 20th century . Formula One has been a regular visitor to the principality since 1929 , but rallying has returned this week after a three-year hiatus for the opening round of the 2012 world championship , with the sport 's undisputed king Sebastien Loeb seeking an unprecedented ninth crown . So how important is Monte Carlo to rally and motorsport ? "  It is very difficult to drive a train with no locomotive , " Ruchdi Hajjar , director of the Automobile Club de Monaco told CNN . Hajjar said Monte Carlo 's absence from the World Rally Championship was down to a disagreement with the sport 's governing body over regulations which were introduced for the 2009 season . "  Due to the alternation of regulations , the Monte Carlo Rally had to leave the WRC in 2008 . We were requested by the FIA to come back in 2012 which we did after obtaining some guarantees of changes in the regulations that we hardly believe in . " In those interim years , Monte Carlo served as the first round of the Intercontinental Rally Challenge  IRC  season , a championship aimed at developing young and amateur rally drivers . France 's Loeb dominated the race prior to its spell away from WRC , claiming five wins in six years . "  The Monte Carlo rally has to be in the world championship , " the Citroen driver said in quotes report by AFP . "  For me , it 's a no-brainer . "  It is the world 's most famous rally ; you just ca n't have a world championship without it . " This year marks the 80th edition of the race in its current format , but rally driving in Monte Carlo dates back to 1911 . Since then the Mediterranean port has become deeply entrenched in motorsport folklore . "  Indianapolis , Le Mans , Monza , Monaco F1 Grand Prix , Monte Carlo Rally ,  these are  indestructible legends , pearls of the crown , " Hajjar said . "  The rally and all other events organized by the Automobile Club participated in making Monaco one of the capital cities in motorsport . " This year 's course spans 430 kilometers  267 miles  and comprises of 18 timed stages . Sunday 's final stage will pit the three top-performing drivers against each other over 5.2 km in a "  Power Stage " between Sainte Agnes and Col de la Madone . Loeb 's Citroen teammate Mikko Hirvonen is thrilled to see the race return to WRC , although he admitted to having mixed feelings when he spoke ahead of the action getting under way . "  I have a kind of love and hate relationship with the rally , " the 31-year-old Finn said . "  I mean I love it when I 'm not there but when you 're up in the mountains with the wrong tires doing icy downhill with the slick tire then I hate it . "  But it 's a real challenge and I 'm very happy to start the season over there . " After Monte Carlo , the WRC season moves to Sweden on February 9 , with the world championship coming to a close in Spain on November 11 .	The Monte Carlo Rally returned to the World Rally Championship this week The principality has been part of the Intercontinental Rally Challenge for the last three years Citroen 's French driver Sebastien Loeb has won the historic rally on five occasions Loeb has won an unprecedented eight world titles since entering the sport in 1999
A lot has changed since Skype made its debut 11 years ago . Younger users are n't satisfied with lengthy video calls on computers anymore . They want to communicate in small bites throughout the day , sending texts , selfies , gifs , emojis and "  Yo "  s from mobile devices . To keep up with the times , Skype launched the ephemeral messaging app Qik on Tuesday . The free app sticks to Skype 's video roots while borrowing heavily from the Snapchat playbook . The standalone app lets you send videos up to 42 seconds long to a single person or a group . They can then respond by recording another video clip or with a prerecorded five-second video . The clips in the resulting back-and-forth "  conversations " can be replayed for up to two weeks , at which point they disappear . Video clips ca n't be shared outside the app , and if someone deletes a video they sent , it will disappear from the recipient 's app as well . To make it simple , the app , available for iOS , Android and Windows Phone , does n't require users to sign in with any account . It just uses their phone number and then looks for contacts in their address book . Skype 's video calls are still hugely popular , but mobile devices have upended how people communicate . More than half of Skype 's new users every month sign up from smartphones and tablets , and during the day , there are times when more people are using Skype on a mobile device than on a desktop or laptop . The company , which was purchased by Microsoft in 2011 , is competing against social networks and an assortment of messaging apps . They include Viber , WhatsApp , WeChat , Snapchat and Facebook Messenger , as well as traditional texts and instant message apps . "  There 's a different social contract to how we communicate these days , " said Dan Chastney , Qik 's principal program manager . "  It 's really changing behavior , where you 're not worried if the person on the other end is available to talk to you . " Most recently , there 's been a rise in ephemeral messaging , in which photos and words automatically delete after they 're viewed . Snapchat may have popularized the trend , but the desire to have communications that are n't archived forever echoes the real world . "  I would n't want somebody recording every conversation I have in a bar , " Chastney said . The company thinks that not saving everything will help some people loosen up and become more comfortable with asynchronous video conversations . "  We did n't want people worrying about having to look perfect on camera or that a message recorded might be taken out of context later , " Chastney said . Apps that automatically delete messages can give a false sense of privacy . Skype is careful to avoid selling its new product as a security tool , like more security-minded competitors Wickr and Cryptocat . That might be a smart move after recent news that more than 100,000 Snapchat photos were intercepted and leaked . Qik 's creators say it is n't meant as a high-security method for holding important conversations . "  The goal of the app was n't to have this super-private , super-secure communication , " Chastney said . "  It 's for having casual conversations . "	Qik is a new messaging app from Skype that lets people communicate with video clips Like Snapchat , the clips eventually delete , so there 's no archive of conversations This is Skype 's first standalone spinoff app
Washington  CNN  Potential Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson is apologizing after being accused of plagiarism -- even as the author of one of the books Carson is accused of lifting material from is rushing to his defense . "  I attempted to appropriately cite and acknowledge all sources in America the Beautiful , but inadvertently missed some . I apologize , and I am working with my editors to rectify the situation , " Carson said in a statement his representative , Armstrong Williams , provided to CNN . BuzzFeed News broke the story earlier this week that Carson had lifted material from a number of books and online sources for his 2012 book "  America the Beautiful . " Among those sources is SocialismSucks.net , a site whose founder acknowledged to BuzzFeed that Carson had taken some of his comments . Other sources included "  The Five Thousand Year Leap " by W. Cleon Skousen , a Liberty Institute press release , CBS News and author William Federer 's book "  America 's God and Country . " Carson , a neurosurgeon who 's said he 'll make a decision on a 2016 bid by this spring , is the latest GOP presidential contender to be hit with plagiarism charges . Sen. Rand Paul  R-Ky .  faced similar accusations about his own book in 2013 . The plagiarism charges have "  blindsided " Carson , a source close to the neurosurgeon reportedly told the National Review Online . "  Alongside the author , we too take these matters very seriously . We have been in contact with the author and agent and will work with them to review the given information . We will respond as appropriate , " a spokesperson for HarperCollins Christian publishing , which published Carson 's book , told BuzzFeed . Federer , though , told CNN in an email that he 'd given Carson permission to use his material -- and he even read and signed off on the final product . He said he met Carson while the two served on a university board , and handed him copies of his books during a shuttle ride on campus . "  I told him that I hoped he would find them interesting and that he had full permission to use any of the material in the books as he liked , " Federer said . "  One of the books I gave him was specifically designed to be quoted , " he said , noting that its subtitle specifically says that the material is for use in speeches , papers , debates , essays and articles , including those by elected officials . He then listed 16 acknowledgments and citations of his work in Carson 's book , saying that "  it is obvious that Dr. Ben Carson has made demonstrable effort to make proper attribution . Indeed , his overt acknowledgments have resulted in numerous individuals contacting me to purchase the book . " Carson did not immediately respond to request for comment . CNN 's Alexandra Jaffe and Christie Bear contributed to this report .	Potential GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson was accused by BuzzFeed of plagiarizing passages of his 2012 book One author Carson is accused of plagiarizing says the charges are inaccurate , and that Carson had permission
CNN  -- It 's happened to all of us : You print something from the Web , and all you get is a sheet of paper with nothing but a URL or something equally useless . New software is designed to prevent printing blank pages from the Web , its inventor says . This printing pain in the neck happened to Hayden Hamilton so much that he invented a solution : GreenPrint , software that analyzes what a computer sends to a printer . It looks for pages that have no type or just a few lines of type  users can set the parameters  . Then , the software automatically eliminates these pages from the print job . Users can reselect the pages if desired and deselect any other pages they do n't want to print -- say , the pages of legal jargon at the end of an airline reservation . The software lets users eliminate images from a print job -- for instance , the maps generated in online driving directions -- thus saving ink . GreenPrint also allows users to avoid printing altogether by saving documents as PDF files . "  The average employee prints about 10,000 pages a year , and roughly 20 percent of that is waste , " Hamilton said from his GreenPrint office in the Old Town section of Portland , Oregon . "  We estimate if -LSB- GreenPrint -RSB- got into widespread use , in the U.S. alone it would save tens of millions of trees a year and hundreds of millions of pounds " of polluting carbon-dioxide gases . Leigh Stringer , a vice president at the Hellmuth , Obata & Kassabaum architectural firm , heard about GreenPrint from bloggers and decided to give it a try . "  I 'm an architect by education and print a lot of large drawings as well as a lot of documents , " she said from her Washington office . "  So the ability I have to self-select just a little bit saves a lot of paper fast . " With GreenPrint , it takes a few extra seconds to print . But , Stringer said , "  In a way , that 's a good thing , because you take that pause and decide if you really wanted to print it or not . " GreenPrint tells users how many pages , and how much money , they have saved . Stringer said that based on a rate of 6 1/2 cents per page , she paid off the $ 35 cost of the software in one day . But now , GreenPrint is offering a free version of the software for non-business use , supported by advertising . Tens of thousands of people have downloaded the program in the weeks since its January 28 debut . "  Our goal is nothing short of ending wasteful printing worldwide , " Hamilton said . The International Finance Corporation , a member of the World Bank , is using GreenPrint in a pilot project , sending feedback to the company to help fine-tune the software for the corporation 's needs . And Hamilton said that more than two dozen Fortune 500 companies are testing out the product . He 's hopeful that several deals will be closed this year . So , is Hamilton getting rich off this ? "  Not yet , " he said with a laugh . "  It 's still early days , but hopefully over the next couple of years I 'll start at least making a salary . "	Software prevents computers from printing unnecessary pages from Internet It might save millions of trees , millions of pounds of pollution , creator says At 6 1/2 cents a page , one user saved enough to pay for software in one day World Bank member and Fortune 500 companies are also testing it
CNN  -- Porto 's incredible season continued on Wednesday with a 1-0 victory in the Europa League final against Braga , giving coach Andre Villas-Boas the chance to clinch a treble in his first term in charge . The 33-year-old became the youngest coach to win a European title , having last month clinched the Portuguese title with five matches to play before ending the domestic league season unbeaten in 30 rounds . He was 95 days younger than previous record-holder Gianluca Vialli , who won the now defunct Cup Winners ' Cup with English side Chelsea in 1998 . Villas-Boas can now emulate one of his mentors , Jose Mourinho , by winning the Portuguese Cup final against Vitoria on Sunday and claiming three trophies in one campaign . Striker Radamel Falcao scored the only goal against Portuguese rivals Braga in Dublin , extending his record in the second-tier competition to 17 . He also scored once in the qualifying rounds . Is Mourinho student the new ` Special One ' ? The Colombian netted for the 38th time this season , heading home Fredy Guarin 's right-wing cross just before halftime as the club won the title for the second time . It was a happy 33rd birthday for Porto captain and goalkeeper Helton , who made a vital save with his leg just after halftime from Braga substitute and fellow Brazilian Mossoro . Villas-Boas ' career came full circle in the Irish capital as he went up against the man who indirectly helped him get into football as a teenager , Braga coach Domingos Paciencia . He wrote to former Porto coach Bobby Robson about Paciencia , who was then a striker at the club , and as a result the late Englishman took him under his wing and put him in the scouting and statistics department at the age of 16 . Mourinho , who also started out under Robson , brought Villas-Boas back to Porto from the British Virgin Islands , where as a 21-year-old he had been working as a director of football . He followed the current Real Madrid coach to Chelsea and Inter Milan before taking a coaching job at Academica in 2009 and helping the club avoid relegation to Portugal 's second division . Villas-Boas was again re-employed by president Jorge Nuno Pinto da Costa after Porto finished a disappointing third in the league last season . He has revived the club 's fortunes to such an extent that the Dragons won the title by a record 21 points , with the only domestic blot being a Portuguese League Cup defeat at home to Nacional of Madeira in early January . Braga finished fourth in the league , 38 points behind Porto , but reached the club 's first European final after initially reaching the Champions League group stage before dropping down to what used to be called the UEFA Cup . Meanwhile , Lille moved to within a point of the club 's first French league title since 1954 with a 1-0 win at home to Sochaux on Wednesday . It gave Lille a six-point advantage over second-placed Marseille with two rounds left , with Rudi Garcia 's side also holding a superior goal difference . Lille can complete a domestic double by drawing at Paris St. Germain on Saturday , having beaten that team to win the French Cup last weekend and end 56 years without a trophy .	Porto coach Andre Villas-Boas becomes the youngest to win a European title The 33-year-old guides Porto to 1-0 victory against Braga in Europa League final He can emulate one of his mentors , Jose Mourinho , by winning a treble this season Porto , unbeaten in winning the domestic title , face Vitoria in Portuguese Cup final
